Stefan Hristov (; born 28 August 1989) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bulgarian Second League club Spartak Pleven.
Career
In January 2014, Hristov joined Lyubimets 2007. He made his A Group debut in a 0–2 home loss against Lokomotiv Plovdiv on 22 February.
In June 2014, Hristov signed with Spartak Pleven. He scored five goals at Pleven Stadium in a 7–0 thrashing of Sitomir Nikopol on 16 November 2014. He made 23 appearances during the 2014–15 season finishing as the club's top scorer with 29 goals in third division and helped his team to gain promotion in the B Group.
On 8 January 2016 Boncho Genchev announced that Hristov is joining Etar Veliko Tarnovo, to help them promote to B Group.
On 30 December 2016, Hristov signed with Vitosha Bistritsa.
On 14 June 2019, Stefan Hristov signed with Dunav Ruse a 2 years contract.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC Spartak Pleven players
FC Lyubimets players
SFC Etar Veliko Tarnovo players
FC Vitosha Bistritsa players
FC Dunav Ruse players
FC Tsarsko Selo Sofia players
FC Krumovgrad players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Pleven
The SS Gainesville Victory was the 22nd Victory ship built during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program. She was launched by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 9, 1944, and completed on July 22, 1944. The ship's United States Maritime Commission designation was VC2-S-AP3, hull number 22 (V-22). She was operated by the Seas Shipping Company. SS Gainesville Victory served in the Pacific Ocean during World War II. SS Gainesville Victory was number one of the new 10,500-ton class of ships, known as Victory ships. Victory ships were designed to replace the earlier Liberty Ships. Liberty ships were designed to be used just for WW2, while Victory ships were designed to last longer and serve the US Navy after the war. The Victory ships differed from the Liberty ships in that they were faster, longer, wider, taller, had a thinner stack set farther toward the superstructure, and had a long raised forecastle.
SS Gainesville Victory was christened by Mrs. Margaret Mansuy of Long Beach, California, the wife of Calshlp's acting comptroller, Frank Mansuy.
World War II
Gainesville Victory steamed into the Pacific to bring supplies to the Pacific War troops. She took supplies for the Liberation of The Philippines and the Battle of Leyte from April 1 until April 6, 1945.
War Relief and Seacowboys
From 1945 to 1947 the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration and the Brethren Service Committee of the Church of the Brethren sent livestock to war-torn countries.
In 1942, the Church of the Brethren started a program called, Heifers for Relief project, which in 1953 became Heifer International. The SS Gainesville Victory was one of the ships, known as a cowboy ships, as she moved livestock across the Atlantic Ocean. The Gainesville Victory moved horses, heifers, mules, chicks, rabbits, and goats. In February 1946, she arrived in Germany with livestock. This relief effort was also part of the Marshall Plan. She made three relief trips to Poland in 1946 and one trip to Czechoslovakia.
After the war and war relief in 1948, the Gainesville Victory was laid up in Beaumont, Texas, in the National Defense Reserve Fleet. A new war was starting in the Far East so she was then removed from the Reserve Fleet.
Korean War
SS Gainesville Victory served as merchant marine ship supplying goods for the Korean War. About 75 percent of the personnel taking to Korea for the Korean War came by the merchant marine ship. SS Gainesville Victory transported goods, mail, food and other supplies. About 90 percent of the cargo was moved by merchant marine naval to the war zone. SS Gainesville Victory made trips between 18 November 1950 and 23 December 1952, helping American forces engaged against Communist aggression in South Korea. Gainesville Victory made eighteen trips to Korea. Gainesville Victory participated in the Hungnam redeployment and took supplies to Pusan.
Vietnam War
Gainesville Victory was reactivated again as part of the buildup of naval forces for the Vietnam War. She was operated by the States Marine Line as a United States Merchant Marine ship. On August 1, 1965 the Gainesville Victory was removed from the National Defense Reserve Fleet at the James River. She was moved to the Norfolk, Virginia, and dry-docked for repair. In 1967, she was operated by the States Marine Lines. On 1 February 1966, while returning from Vietnam, the Gainesville Victory came to the aid of a distress call northwest of the Hawaiian Islands. The seas were stormy, and the SS Rockport, a Liberian-registry freighter, was foundering. While firing a rescue line to the Rockport, one of the Gainesville Victory crew were hurt. The USNS General Walker also came to help in the rescue. All 27 men on the Rockport were removed from the sinking ship.
In 1994, Gainesville Victory was scrapped at Alang, India.
See also
List of Victory ships
Liberty ship
Type C1 ship
Type C2 ship
Type C3 ship
References
Sources
Sawyer, L.A. and W.H. Mitchell. Victory ships and tankers: The history of the ‘Victory' type cargo ships and of the tankers built in the United States of America during World War II, Cornell Maritime Press, 1974, 0-87033-182-5.
United States Maritime Commission:
Victory Cargo Ships
Victory ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
United States Merchant Marine
1944 ships
World War II merchant ships of the United States
Cargo liners
Michel-Henri St-Louis is a Canadian Forces officer who holds the rank of major general in the Canadian Army. St-Louis has served as acting Commander of the Canadian Army and Chief of the Army Staff since April 19, 2021.
Background
St-Louis served as an infantry officer from the Royal 22e Régiment since 1992. He has deployed on missions to Bosnia, Croatia, Afghanistan and the Middle East, and served as Deputy Commanding General for Operations of the U.S. Army's I Corps at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, and as Commander of Joint Task Force Impact. He holds three master's degrees focused on war, defence and strategy has also served as Commander of the Canadian Army Doctrine and Training Centre since August 2020.
Commander of the Canadian Army
St-Louis succeeded Major General Derek A. Macaulay as acting Commander of the Canadian Army on April 19, 2021. He assumed the position in an interim capacity while Lieutenant General Wayne Erye acts as Chief of the Defence Staff.
References
Canadian generals
Canadian military personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Living people
Recipients of the Meritorious Service Decoration
Year of birth missing (living people)
Royal 22nd Regiment officers
Lucretia Garfield (née Rudolph; April 19, 1832 – March 13, 1918) was the first lady of the United States from March to September 1881, as the wife of James A. Garfield, the 20th president of the United States.
Born in Garrettsville, Ohio, Garfield first met her husband in 1849 at Geauga Seminary. After a long courtship, they married in 1858. They would eventually have seven children together, five of whom lived to adulthood. Highly educated and intellectually curious, Lucretia Garfield was well attuned to the internal machinations of the Republican Party, which proved to be of great aid to her husband's political career. She was well regarded during her brief period in the White House, but after only a few months contracted malaria and went to Long Branch, New Jersey, to recuperate.
In July 1881, James Garfield was shot and mortally wounded by Charles Guiteau. He lingered for two and a half months before dying, during which his wife stayed at his bedside and received much public sympathy. Lucretia Garfield returned to her former residence in Ohio after being widowed, living in what is now the James A. Garfield National Historic Site. She spent much of the rest of her life preserving her husband's papers and other materials, establishing what was effectively the first presidential library.
Early life
Born in Garrettsville, Ohio, the daughter of Zebulon Rudolph, a farmer and co-founder of the Western Reserve Eclectic Institute (now Hiram College) at Hiram, and Arabella Mason Rudolph. Lucretia "Crete" Rudolph was a devout member of the Churches of Christ. Her ancestry includes German, Welsh, English and Irish; Lucretia Garfield's paternal great-grandfather immigrated to Pennsylvania (in a part that is now Delaware) from Württemberg, Germany.
Education
After attending the Geauga Seminary, where she met James Garfield, Lucretia attended the Eclectic Institute. The Institute believed in the education of women and because of this Lucretia became an educated woman of her time. Lucretia studied all of the classics, and learned to speak Greek, Latin, French, and German. Additionally, she studied science, biology, math, history, and philosophy. She graduated from Hiram College (known as Western Reserve Eclectic Institute when she attended) and then became a teacher.
Romance and marriage
She first met James Garfield in 1849 while she was attending school at Hiram College where James was her teacher in Chester, Ohio. He then went to Williams College while she stayed behind to begin teaching in Cleveland, Ohio and Bryan, Ohio. They then began correspondence and became engaged shortly after. Garfield was attracted to her keen intellect and appetite for knowledge. Lucretia kept up her studies and her teaching, determined to have something to fall back on if ever she found herself unmarried. She didn't want to have to depend on her father to support her, so she earned her own salary.
Both James and Crete were 26 when they married on November 11, 1858, at the home of the bride's parents in Hiram. Although both were members of the churches of Christ, the nuptials were performed by Henry Hitchcock, a Presbyterian minister. The newlyweds did not take a honeymoon but instead set up housekeeping immediately in Hiram.
His service in the Union Army from 1861 to 1863 kept them apart. But after his first winter in Washington as a freshman Representative, the family remained together. With a home in the capital as well as one (Lawnfield) in Mentor, Ohio, they enjoyed a happy domestic life.
In Washington, D.C. they shared intellectual interests with congenial friends; she went with him to meetings of a locally celebrated literary society. They read together, made social calls together, dined with each other, and traveled in company until by 1880 they were as nearly inseparable as his career permitted.
Children
The Garfields had seven children. Two, their first and last, died in early childhood: Eliza Arabella "Trot" Garfield (1860–1863) and Edward Garfield (1874–1876). Four sons and a daughter lived to maturity:
Harry Augustus Garfield (1863–1942) – lawyer, educator, public official.
James Rudolph Garfield (1865–1950) – lawyer, public official.
Mary "Mollie" Garfield Brown (1867–1947). Educated at private schools in Cleveland and Connecticut, she in 1888 married Joseph Stanley Brown, presidential secretary during Garfield's term, later an investment banker. She lived in New York and Pasadena, California.
Irvin McDowell Garfield (1870–1951) – lawyer. He followed his older brothers to Williams College and Columbia Law School. He settled in Boston, where he prospered as partner in the firm of Warren & Garfield and served on the boards of directors of several corporations.
Abram Garfield (1872–1958) – architect. A graduate of Williams College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, he settled in Cleveland, where he worked as an architect from offices in the James A. Garfield Building. He served as chairman of the Cleveland Planning Commission 1929–1942 and was active in the American Institute of Architects.
First Lady of the United States
James Garfield's election to the presidency brought a cheerful family to the White House in 1881. Though Lucretia Garfield was not particularly interested in a First Lady's social duties, she was deeply conscientious and her genuine hospitality made her dinners and twice-weekly receptions enjoyable.
Aside from hosting dinners and receptions, Lucretia advised her husband on whom to select as cabinet officers and her choice for Secretary of State, James Blaine, proved to be successful. "Her diary entries show that she not only understood the implications of each appointment on the rival factions within the Republican Party but also carefully calculated their effects." Her earlier education instilled in her an interest in history and she began to make plans to make the historical White House the cultural center of D.C.
Lucretia went to the Library of Congress to research the history of the White House. Her intent was not to restore the White House, but to "[bring] a sense of history" to it. She feels as if there are ghosts in the White House because of all of the history it had seen in the eighty years it had been standing. "She really had a sense of history and the history of the house." Unfortunately she contracted malaria, and by the time she recovered President Garfield had been shot.
She was still a convalescent, at Elberon, a seaside resort in New Jersey, when her husband was shot by Charles Guiteau on July 2 at a railway station in Washington. The President was actually planning to take a train north to New Jersey that same day in order to meet his wife, before continuing on to a function at his former college in Massachusetts. The First Lady hurriedly returned to Washington by special train—"frail, fatigued, desperate," reported an eyewitness at the White House, "but firm and quiet and full of purpose to save". As her train raced south, it was speeding so fast that the engine broke a piston in Bowie, Maryland and nearly derailed. Lucretia Garfield was thrown from her seat, but not injured. After an anxious delay, she reached the White House and immediately went to her husband's bedside.
One of the doctors hired to take care of President Garfield was a woman, Dr. Susan Edson. However, she was paid half the amount the men were being paid. Upon hearing about this discrepancy in pay, Lucretia wrote a letter expressing her outrage, using the word "discrimination" to express her fury. Dr Edson then received the same amount as the men.
During the three months that the President fought for his life, her grief and devotion won the respect and sympathy of the country. On the night of Garfield's death, according to Doctor Willard Bliss, she exclaimed, "Oh, why am I made to suffer this cruel wrong?" After his death and funeral, the bereaved family went home to their farm in northern Ohio. For another 36 years, she led a strictly private, but busy and comfortable life, active in preserving the records of her husband's career. She created a wing to the home that became a presidential library of his papers.
Later life and death
She lived comfortably on a $350,000 trust fund raised for her and the Garfield children by financier Cyrus W. Field. She spent winters in South Pasadena, California, where she built a home she helped design with the celebrated architects Greene and Greene, to whom she was distantly related. Although she never came outright in support of women's suffrage, her daughter claims her mother believed in equal rights for women. She went to events Theodore Roosevelt held in support of him.
When the United States entered World War I, Lucretia became a volunteer for the Red Cross. She died at her South Pasadena home on March 14, 1918, at the age of 85. Her casket was placed above ground beside the coffin of her husband in the lower level crypt of the James A. Garfield Memorial at Lake View Cemetery in Cleveland, Ohio.
References
External links
Original text based on White House biography
Lucretia Garfield at C-SPAN's First Ladies: Influence & Image
1832 births
1918 deaths
19th-century American women
20th-century American women
19th-century Protestants
20th-century Protestants
American Disciples of Christ
American people of English descent
American people of German descent
American people of Irish descent
American people of Welsh descent
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
First Ladies of the United States
Lucretia
Hiram College alumni
People from Hiram, Ohio
People from Mentor, Ohio
People from South Pasadena, California
Spouses of Ohio politicians
People from Garrettsville, Ohio
20th-century American people
The Institut pro křesťansko-demokratickou politiku, z. ú. (IKDP; Institute for Christian Democratic Politics) is a Czech political party think-tank associated with Christian-democratic KDU-ČSL. The foundation's headquarters are located in Palác Charitas in Prague, headquarters of the party.
Establishment and mission
It was established in 2015 by leadership of KDU-ČSL. Its goal is to promote Christian democratic values.
International Council members
Jan Sokol
Petr Pithart
Georg Milbradt
Jerzy Buzek
Iveta Radičová
References
External links
KDU-ČSL
Political and economic think tanks based in the European Union
Think tanks based in the Czech Republic
The Archives of Ontario are the archives for the province of Ontario, Canada. Founded in 1903 as the Bureau of Archives, the archives are now under the responsibility of the Ministry of Public and Business Service Delivery. The main offices of the archive are located at York University in Toronto.
History
The Bureau of Archives, as it was originally known, was first located in the Ontario Legislative Building, under the leadership of Alexander Fraser (1860–1936), a Scottish-born Toronto journalist, academic and militia officer who held the position of Provincial Archivist from 1903 to 1935. During his tenure, Fraser remained a prolific author and amongst other things prepared annual reports for publication describing progress in making records available to the public, and presenting the full texts of major document collections. He summarized his vision for the scope and work of the Archives in a paper he presented to the American Historical Association at Buffalo in 1911. In it he described the popularity of the Archives annual report volumes amongst historians and members of the public.
In the Depression era, the Archives was put on a precarious footing by Premier Mitch Hepburn's desire to close it down as a cost-cutting measure. Fraser was targeted for retirement and his assistant James J. Talman became acting head while also tasked with heading the Legislative Library. Talman was able to save the Archives by agreeing to move its office and collections to basement vaults. Talman eventually took new employment as Chief Librarian at the University of Western Ontario, where he started an archives collection that became the Regional History Division at UWO. Fraser's private papers as Provincial Archivist found their first home there. The Ontario Archives was not returned to a solid footing until the late 1940s under Helen McClung.
The Archives moved to the Canadiana Building (14 Queen's Park Crescent West) on the University of Toronto campus in 1951, at which time it was known as the Department of Public Records and Archives. During the period the Archives was located there, staff archivists, including Edwin Guillet, became well known for their research work in support of the Archaeological and Historic Sites Board - which placed historical site plaques throughout the province - and for preparation of historical surveys of many regions of the province that were published as part of a series of volumes describing the work of conservation authorities in Ontario - also restricted from Internet access by Crown copyright.
The Archives relocated to 77 Grenville Street in 1972 and its name was also changed to the Archives of Ontario. The reading room at the Grenville building closed on March 26, 2009, as part of the move to new facilities in North York.
The official groundbreaking ceremony for the new Archives of Ontario building on the York University grounds, which also houses the York University Research Tower, was on April 30, 2007. The groundbreaking was attended by former Minister of Government Services Gerry Phillips and former York University President and Vice-Chancellor Lorna Marsden. The building was opened to the public on April 2, 2009, and is expected to be the site of the Archives for at least the next thirty-five years.
In addition to preserving the records of the Ontario government, the Archives has from the outset actively sought records of private individuals and organizations that reflect Ontario's history. In the words of Alexander Fraser, "The Province has been so long entirely neglected that when I undertook to organize the department I decided that the most valuable service I could render to the public was to acquire, to collect, and safely preserve whatever material I could find, believing the day would soon come when the value of such material would be fully realized and the necessary office assistance provided to enable me to make the accumulated archives conveniently accessible to the public."
Notable private records include the fonds of Eaton's, Conn Smythe, and Moriyama and Teshima Architects.
List of Archivists of Ontario
The head of the Archives has been known as the Archivist of Ontario since 1923, prior to that they were known as the Provincial Archivist.
References
External links
Archives of Ontario GLAM-Wiki page
Archives in Canada
State archives
Government agencies established in 1903
History of Ontario
Ontario government departments and agencies
1903 establishments in Ontario
Moallem Kola or Moallem Kala () may refer to:
Moallem Kola, Amol
Moallem Kola, Babol
Moallem Kola, Mahmudabad
Bala Moallem Kola, Sari County
Pain Moallem Kola, Sari County
Henry Lee may refer to:
People
Sir Henry Lee of Ditchley (1533–1611), Master of the Ordnance and Queen's Champion under Elizabeth I of England, MP for Buckinghamshire
Henry Lee (Canterbury MP) (c. 1657–1734), MP for Canterbury
Capt. Henry Lee I (1691–1747), of Lee Hall, Westmoreland County Virginia; Virginian colonist, grandfather of Henry Lee III
Major General Henry Lee II (1730–1787), of Leesylvania, father of Henry "Light-Horse Harry" Lee III
Major General Henry Lee III (1756–1818), nicknamed "Light-Horse Harry", Virginia governor and Congressman as well as early American officer
Henry Lee IV (1787–1837), also known as "Black Horse Harry" Lee, half-brother of Robert E. Lee and son of Henry Lee III
Henry Lee (economist) (1782–1867), proponent of free trade and candidate for Vice President of the United States in 1832
Henry Lee (naturalist) (1826?–1888), English aquarium director and author
Henry Lee (Australian politician) (1856–1927), Australian politician
Henry A. G. Lee (c. 1818–1851), newspaper editor, politician, militia officer in Oregon, United States
Henry B. Lee (1781–1817), U.S. Representative from New York
Henry David Lee (1849–1928), American businessman
Henry W. Lee (socialist) (1865–1932), British socialist
Henry Lee (forensic scientist) (born 1938), Chinese-American forensic scientist
Henry Wesley Lee, American child actor who played "Spike" in the Gang shorts
Henry Lee (Southampton MP) (1817–1904), British Member of Parliament for Southampton, 1880–1885
Henry Lee Junior (born 1958), Hong Kong celebrity and racing driver
Henry Lee (actor) (born 1949), Hong Kong TVB actor
Henry W. Lee (bishop) (1815–1874), Episcopal bishop in America
Henry Lee (cyclist) (1887–?), British Olympic cyclist
Henry Austin Lee (1847–1918), British diplomat, governor and landowner
Henry Pelham Lee (1877–1953), English engine pioneer
Henry Lee (surgeon), British surgeon, pathologist and syphilologist
Henry Lee Lucas (1936–2001), American criminal, convicted of murder and once listed as America's most prolific serial killer
Music
"Henry Lee", an alternate title of "Young Hunting", a traditional murder ballad originating in Scotland.
See also
Harry Lee (disambiguation)
Henry Ley (disambiguation)
Poroschia is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Calomfirești and Poroschia.
The commune is situated in the central part of the Wallachian Plain. It lies on the banks of the river Vedea; the river Nanov flows into the Vedea in Calomfirești.
Poroschia is located in the central-south part of Teleorman County, just south of the county seat, Alexandria. It is crossed by national road , which runs from Alexandria, to the north, to Zimnicea, a port on the Danube, to the south.
The commune is known for its psychiatric hospital; with a capacity of 185 beds, the hospital treated 3,832 patients in 2014.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Seven By Nine Squares was an early internet site, and art project, led by Florian Cramer. It was designed as an interactive literary experience, and speaks primarily of the concepts of Neoism, collective identity, and Monty Cantsin.
Stewart Home, co-writer of book The House of Nine Squares, with Florian Cramer, asserts that the project was an effort to create the illusion of an art movement. Where Neoism, for the authors, is nothing more than an idea than even they disagreed upon. Both felt it was a "movement" defined by those that used the term, and how. Their efforts simply served to elevate the idea of the existence of this movement, with the purpose of confusing all.
Published letters, from 1995, between the two, reveal the names 'Luther Blissett,' 'Monty Cantsin,' and 'Karen Eliot,' were used widely throughout the media at the time, by many different people, in assistance with building the myth. Anonymity and the shared usage of names was a core concept of so-called Neoism.
It was rated by Point Survey, in the 1990s, as being among the top 5% of all sites in the Internet, and "Web of the Week" by Steinkrug Publications.
"In 1994, hundreds of European artists, activists and pranksters adopted and shared the same identity.
They all called themselves Luther Blissett and set to raising hell in the cultural industry. It was a five-year plan.
They worked together to tell the world a great story, create a legend, give birth to a new kind of folk hero."
Notes
Art websites
The white-browed chat-tyrant (Ochthoeca leucophrys) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in the Puna grassland.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
Gallery
References
white-browed chat-tyrant
Birds of the Puna grassland
white-browed chat-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Michael John-Ferrero Rose (born August 25, 1976) is an American former Major League Baseball catcher.
Drafted by the Houston Astros in the 5th round of the 1995 baseball draft Mike went on to play 15 professional seasons including Major League call ups with the A's,Cardinals and Dodgers. Mike was part of 3 minor league All Star teams, 4 minor league championships and a World Series Championship in 2006 with the St Loiuis Cardinals. Rose compiled 4,629 plate appearances 3,968 at bats over 1,000 career hits, 504 RBI and over 1,400 games played. Mike is now a full time father, coach and professional advisor.
References
External links
Baseball players from Sacramento, California
1976 births
Living people
Oakland Athletics players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Major League Baseball catchers
Gulf Coast Astros players
Auburn Doubledays players
Kissimmee Cobras players
Quad Cities River Bandits players
Jackson Generals (Texas League) players
El Paso Diablos players
Trenton Thunder players
Tucson Sidewinders players
Wichita Wranglers players
Omaha Royals players
Sacramento River Cats players
Las Vegas 51s players
Durham Bulls players
Memphis Redbirds players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Long Island Ducks players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Albuquerque Isotopes players
Edmonton Capitals players
Chico Outlaws players
Charles Henri Pellegrini (28 July 1800 – 12 October 1875) was an Italian Argentine engineer, lithographer, painter, and architect.
Life and work
Charles Henri Pellegrini was born in Chambéry, Savoie in 1800 when the region was occupied by French revolutionary forces. His mother, Marguerite Berthet, was French, and his father, Bernardo Pellegrini, was a Swiss-Italian from Coglio, Canton Ticino, in the Italian-speaking part of Switzerland. Pellegrini was a talented sketch artist at an early age, and his drawings earned a prize while he was still in primary school. He enrolled at the University of Turin and later at the École Polytechnique, near Paris, where he earned an engineering degree.
Pellegrini was contracted as an engineer by Juan Larrea, a prominent Spanish Argentine merchant with interest in Bordeaux, by request of President Bernardino Rivadavia, and he arrived in Buenos Aires in November 1828. He took a post in the Hydraulic Engineering Department. The bureau, however, was decommissioned in 1829 by order of the Governor of Buenos Aires, General Juan José Viamonte.
He then returned to his early talent, drawing, and sold a number of watercolour paintings, notably cityscape impressions. He was hired by his fellow countryman, journalist and lithographer César Hipólito Bacle, in October 1830 as a portrait painter, and by the end of his commission in September 1831, he had earned around 17,000 pesos (around US$700). He continued to live as a successful lithographer and painter until 1837, when he purchased an estancia, La Figura, in Cañuelas.
He married María Bevans Bright in 1841, and the couple had four children. His wife was the daughter of Anglo Argentine engineer James Bevans, who had been Pellegrini's supervisor at the Hydraulic Engineering Department years earlier. That year, he and Luis Aldana founded the "Lithograph of the Arts," an atelier and printing house. He subsequently installed his own press at his downtown Buenos Aires home, and remained mostly at La Figura.
Following the overthrow of Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas in 1852, Pellegrini returned to Buenos Aires, founded the Revista del Plata (1853), and received numerous contracts as an engineer and architect. The most notable of his works in this latter field was the Colón Theatre. The 2,500 seat opera house, inaugurated in 1857, would be the largest in Argentina until the inaugural of the modern Colón Theatre in 1908.
Pellegrini published a volume of poetry in his later years. He died in Buenos Aires in 1875, at age 75. His eldest son, Carlos Pellegrini, was elected Vice President of Argentina in 1886, and became President in 1890. Many of Pellegrini's watercolours are housed in the National Museum of Fine Arts.
Works
References
External links
1800 births
1875 deaths
Argentine people of Swiss-Italian descent
People from Chambéry
École Polytechnique alumni
Italian engineers
Italian lithographers
Italian portrait painters
Argentine lithographers
Argentine architects
Argentine portrait painters
Italian emigrants to Argentina
Naturalized citizens of Argentina
19th-century Argentine painters
19th-century Argentine male artists
Argentine male painters
19th-century Argentine architects
19th-century Italian architects
19th-century Italian painters
Oskar Pietsch (1918–2012) was a German art director.
Selected filmography
Kein Hüsung (1954)
Der Ochse von Kulm (1955)
The Captain from Cologne (1956)
Berlin, Schoenhauser Corner (1957)
My Wife Makes Music (1958)
Love's Confusion (1959)
Auf Wiedersehen (film) (1961)
The Invisible Dr. Mabuse (1962)
References
Bibliography
Kalat, David. The Strange Case of Dr. Mabuse: A Study of the Twelve Films and Five Novels. McFarland, 2005.
External links
1918 births
2012 deaths
German art directors
Film people from Berlin
Chara Papadopoulou (; born December 9, 1996 in Athens, Greece) is a female professional volleyball player from Greece, who is a member of the Greece women's national volleyball team. At club level, she plays for Austrian club ATSC Kelag Wildcats.
Sporting achievements
Clubs
International competitions
2017/2018 : CEV Women's Challenge Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
National championships
2017/2018 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
National cups
2017/2018 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
References
External links
profile at greekvolley.gr
profile at CEV web site at cev.eu
2017: Papadopoulou signs in Olympiacos Piraeus www.olympiacossfp.gr
Panathinaikos Women's Volleyball players
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball players
Greek women's volleyball players
1996 births
Living people
Volleyball players from Athens
Galatea is a romance novel by James M. Cain published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1953. The story alludes to the mythological Galatea in which the sculptor Pygmalion falls in love with the ivory figure of a woman he has crafted. In Cain's modernized version of the Greek legend, an overweight woman is transfigured through a program of weight reduction into a goddess-like beauty.
Galatea marked the beginning of a sharp decline in the quality and quantity of Cain's literary output. He would not publish another work until his novel Mignon in 1963.
Plot Summary
Duke Webster, a young prizefighter turned trainer has a talent for helping his boxers achieve their competitive divisional weight. When he steals $86, a judge sentences him to work for a gentleman restaurateur, Val Valenty, to pay off the debt. Holly Hollis Valenty, Val's wife, suffers from morbid obesity. Val, who encourages her eating disorder, hopes the condition will kill her. Duke compassionately applies his skills to save Holly, but his intervention on Holly's behalf alarms Val. True to the legend, Holly is transfigured into a goddess-like beauty. Duke and Holly fall in love. The jealous Val dies in a failed attempt to murder the adulterous couple. They stand trial, accused of murdering him, but are exonerated after a protracted defense.
The couple move to Nevada and to establish a weight-loss ranch.
Publishing Background
Cain's dwindling income in 1952 compelled him to write a novel “to bring in some quick money with a commercial success.”
Suffering from dangerously high cholesterol, Cain was successfully treated by his physician through a special diet. During his treatment, Cain conceived a tale based on the mythological Galatea, but updated it so that the device that transforms the woman into an irresistible beauty is a weight reduction program.
At the request of his publisher Alfred A. Knopf, Cain retained the legend's happy ending, rather than the one in which "a man creates a woman, then compulsively kills her." Cain provided this alternate ending, in which the protagonists live happily ever after. Though Knopf considered Galatea “not up to your best in my opinion” he paid Cain $4,000 in advance for the work.
Galatea was never a best-seller, though it sold 14,000 hard-back copies by the end of 1952, and ultimately appeared in paperback. Film director Otto Preminger expressed interest in adapting the work, placing a $1000 option on the novel, but never acted on it.
Cain would not publish another novel for ten years.
Themes
In Galatea, Cain employs his notable first-person narrative voice made famous in his novels of the 1930s, such as The Postman Always Rings Twice and Double Indemnity. The narrative form and framework are retained in Galatea, but the murderous and sexual compulsions that drive the early protagonists are absent. Biographer Paul Skenazy writes:
Skenazy adds that Galatea, and much of Cain's subsequent work, “features characters who are successful, well-educated, and come from established families, and show respect for the standards and proprieties of society.”
Holly Valenty is a descendent of the aristocratic Hollises of old Maryland. Her struggle to regain her natural body weight is a metaphor representing her determination to reclaim the “privilege, power and pride” proper to her station as a Hollis. As she sheds pounds, her “natural authority” emerges. Cain's characterization of Holly's victory, an “endorsement of aristocratic values”, is in sharp contrast to his female protagonist Cora Papadakis in The Postman Always Rings Twice (1934).
Religious piety sustains the two lovers throughout Galatea. “God” is frequently evoked, and appears as the final word in the novel. Literary critic and novelist David Madden notes that “Both Duke and Holly are very conscious of God; Duke, like many Cain men, often prays…the name of God is on the lover's lips.”
Paul Skenzy observes that the Duke and Holly, unlike their counterparts Frank and Cora in The Postman Always Rings Twice “are exempt from Cain's irony, and life's fatality.”
Footnotes
Sources
Hoopes, Roy. 1982. Cain. Holt, Reinhart and Winston. New York.
Madden, David. 1970. James M. Cain. Twayne Publishers, Inc. Library Catalog Card Number: 78-120011.
Skenazy, Paul. 1989. James M. Cain. Continuum Publishing Company. New York.
American male novelists
Dr. Victor Urbancic or Viktor Ernest Johann von Urbantschitsch (9 August 1903 – 4 April 1958) was an Austrian composer, conductor, teacher and music scholar from Vienna. He emigrated to Iceland in 1938. His wife, Melitta, came from a Jewish family. Urbancic stayed for the second half of his life in Iceland and had a big influence on the music development in the country at the time.
Urbancic worked as teacher and director of the opera studio at the Conservatory of Graz before he came to Iceland in 1938. He also was lecturer of musicology of the University of Graz. In Iceland he was very important for the music-life. He became music director of the Icelandic National Theater in Reykjavík. He conducted the first opera in Iceland which was Rigoletto by Giuseppe Verdi in 1951. He taught at the Reykjavík College of Music. He was organist and choir director of the Landakotskirkja in Reykjavík. Urbancic died on Good Friday in 1958 in Reykjavík.
He is the grandson of Viktor Urbantschitsch through his father, Dr. Ernst Urbantschitsch.
Selected works
Caprices mignons for piano, Op. 1
Sonatina in G major for piano, Op. 2
Sonata No. 1 in F minor for violin and piano, Op. 3
Sonata No. 2 for violin and piano, Op. 5
Vier Lieder (4 Songs), Op. 6
Partita for cello and piano, Op. 7
Elizabeth for voice and piano, Op. 8
Fantasie und Fuge for viola and piano, Op. 9 (1937)
Orchesterkonzert (Concerto for Orchestra), Op. 11
Fimm Þættir (5 Factors) for 2 trumpets, horn, 2 trombones and piano, Op. 12
Concertino for 3 saxophones and string orchestra, Op. 13
Ballade for violin and piano
Gamanforleikur (Festive Prelude) in C major for orchestra
Konzertrondo (Concert Rondo) for 2 pianos
Mouvement de valse for piano
Ouvertüre zu einer Komödie (Overture to a Comedy) for orchestra (1952)
Sonata in G major for cello and piano
Notes
1903 births
1958 deaths
Austrian male composers
Austrian composers
Male conductors (music)
Icelandic people of Austrian descent
20th-century Austrian conductors (music)
20th-century Austrian male musicians
20th-century Austrian composers
The Courier is a daily newspaper based in Findlay, Ohio. It is delivered primarily to Hancock County and parts of Wyandot, Putnam, Seneca, Wood, Allen and Henry counties in Ohio. It was owned and operated by the Heminger family of Findlay for 131 years before being sold in November 2019 to Ogden Newspapers of Wheeling, West Virginia. The Courier is still headquartered and published in Findlay.
History
The first publication of The Courier was on November 10, 1836. The Republican-Courier was formed from the merger of the Morning Republican and the Daily Courier on the date of December 31, 1932.
Composing room workers unionized as part of the International Typographical Union, Local 260 in 1890 and lasted till 1981. The newspaper was known as the Republican Courier from 1945 to 1975. At one point in its history, Findlay had 11 local newspapers, but only The Courier is in circulation today.
References
Newspapers published in Ohio
Findlay, Ohio
1836 establishments in Ohio
Publications established in 1836
Walker Center (formerly Walker Bank Building) is a skyscraper in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
Description
The building was opened on December 9, 1912, taking a little over a year to be built. At the time of its completion, it stood as the tallest building between Chicago and San Francisco (16 stories, 220 ft/67 m). It was originally constructed as the headquarters for Walker Bank, founded by the Walker brothers: Samuel Sharp, Joseph Robinson, David Frederick, and Matthew Walker, Jr. The basement originally contained the vault for the bank, as well as a barbershop, florist, cigar store, and other shops. The main floor contained the bank, and upper floors were used as office space. It was designed by the St. Louis, Missouri-based architecture firm Eames and Young. It remained the headquarters of Walker Bank until it merged with First Interstate Bancorp in 1981 (it is now part of Wells Fargo).
Weather Tower
The Walker Center is topped by a 64-foot weather tower, which gives a weather forecast based on the color of the lights. The weather tower was taken down in the 1980s due to a city ordinance but replaced in 2008. The meaning of the tower colors are:
Blue: clear skies
Flashing blue: cloudy skies
Red: rain
Flashing red: snow
A common mnemonic used by residents to remember the signals given by the tower is
"Solid blue: skies are too,
flashing blue: clouds are due,
solid red: rain ahead,
flashing red: snow instead."
In December 2021, work began to upgrade the outdated neon glass tubes to GLLS LED Neon Flex. While the weather forecast will still be broadcast, the tower now will have "any color under the rainbow, as well as various animation effects” to engage with the community for various holidays and events.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Salt Lake City
References
External links
Emporis.com
http://wikimapia.org/1221287/Walker-Center
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIqtc5LtGJM
1912 establishments in Utah
Commercial buildings completed in 1912
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
National Register of Historic Places in Salt Lake City
Skyscraper office buildings in Salt Lake City
The Taipei Metro Zhongyi station (formerly transliterated as Chungyi Station until 2003) is located in Beitou District, Taipei. Taiwan. It is a station on the Tamsui–Xinyi Line. In the past, the station belonged to the now-defunct TRA Tamsui Line.
Station overview
The at-grade, station structure with two side platforms and a single exit. It is located on the south of Zhongyang North Road. The washrooms are inside the entrance area.
History
This station was built on 1 November 1961; and was replaced by the request station on 1 July 1979. It was closed from 15 July 1988 to 28 March 1997.
Station layout
Around the station
Taipei City University of Science and Technology
References
Tamsui–Xinyi line stations
Railway stations opened in 1961
Railway stations closed in 1988
Railway stations opened in 1997
Greatest Hits 2 is a compilation album by Bob Seger, released in 2003.
Track listing
Some later issues of the CD did not feature the two previously unreleased bonus tracks, nor the "Turn the Page" bonus music video.
Personnel
As listed in the liner notes.
Chris Campbell – bass guitar
Pete Carr – electric guitar
Craig Frost – organ
Russ Kunkel – drums
Bill Payne – piano
Bob Seger – lead vocals, acoustic guitar
Julia Waters, Luther Waters, Maxine Waters, Oren Waters – background vocals
Drew Abbott – guitar
Chris Campbell – bass guitar
Charlie Allen Martin – drums
Robyn Robbins – piano
Bob Seger – lead vocals
Drew Abbott – guitar
Chris Campbell – bass guitar
Bob Seger – lead vocals, lead guitar
David Teegarden – drums, percussion
Barry Beckett – grand piano, organ, synthesizer, electric piano
Pete Carr – lead guitar, acoustic guitar
Roger Hawkins – drums, percussion
David Hood – bass guitar
Jimmy Johnson – rhythm guitar
Spooner Oldham – organ, electric piano
Bob Seger – lead vocals
Barry Beckett – piano
Pete Carr – lead guitar, rhythm guitar
Roger Hawkins – drums, percussion
David Hood – bass guitar
Jimmy Johnson – rhythm guitar
Bob Seger – lead vocals
Drew Abbott – guitar
Barry Beckett – grand piano, organ, synthesizer, electric piano
Kenny Bell – guitar
Harrison Calloway – trumpet
Pete Carr – lead guitar, acoustic guitar
Ronald Eades – baritone saxophone
Roger Hawkins – drums, percussion
David Hood – bass guitar
Jimmy Johnson – rhythm guitar
Spooner Oldham – organ, electric piano
Charles Rose – trombone
Bob Seger – lead vocals, slide guitar, harmonica
Stoney & Rocky – background vocals
Harvey Thompson – tenor saxophone
Drew Abbott – guitar
Chris Campbell – bass guitar
Laura Creamer – background vocals
Glenn Frey – harmony vocals
Craig Frost – organ
Bobbye Hall – percussion
Russ Kunkel – drums
Shaun Murphy – background vocals
Bill Payne – piano
Bob Seger – lead vocals, harmony vocals
Joan Sliwin – background vocals
Waddy Wachtel – guitar
Barry Beckett – piano
Pete Carr – lead guitar, acoustic guitar
Glenn Frey – harmony vocals
Roger Hawkins – drums, percussion
Don Henley – harmony vocals
David Hood – bass guitar
Jimmy Johnson – rhythm guitar
Randy McCormick – organ
Timothy B. Schmit – harmony vocals
Bob Seger – lead vocals
Drew Abbott – electric guitar
Chris Campbell – bass guitar, background vocals
Craig Frost – piano, organ
Pam Moore – background vocals
Shaun Murphy – percussion, background vocals
Alto Reed – alto saxophone, tenor saxophone
Bob Seger – lead vocals, electric guitar
David Teegarden – drums, background vocals
June Tilton – background vocals
Harold Faltermeyer – Synclavier
Keith Forsey – percussion
Dann Huff – guitar
Bob Seger – lead vocals
Roy Bittan – piano
Bob Glaub – bass guitar
Bob Seger – lead vocals
Harry Stinson – drums
Michael Thompson – guitar
Jeffrey CJ Vanston – keyboards
Richie Hayward – drums
Buell Neidlinger – stand-up bass
Dean Parks – electric guitar
Bill Payne – piano
Bob Seger – lead vocals
Fred Tackett – acoustic guitar
Eddie Bayers – drums
Larry Byrom – guitar
David Campbell – string arrangements
Martina McBride – vocals
Matt Rollings – piano
Bob Seger – vocals
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
Drew Abbott – guitar
Chris Campbell – bass guitar
Charlie Allen Martin – drums
Alto Reed – saxophone
Robyn Robbins – piano, organ
Bob Seger – lead vocals
J. T. Corenflos – acoustic guitar
Paul Leim – drums
Steve Nathan – piano, organ
Brent Rowan – electric guitar, acoustic guitar
Bob Seger – lead vocals
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
J. T. Corenflos – electric guitar
Eric Darken – percussion
Richie Hayward – drums
Shaun Murphy – background vocals
Bob Seger – lead vocals, electric guitar
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
References
2003 compilation albums
Bob Seger compilation albums
Capitol Records compilation albums
al-Uddeisa, also spelled Al 'Uddeisa, is a Palestinian village located four kilometers east of Hebron.The village is a locality of Sa'ir, in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,474 in mid-year 2006. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1.
History
In 1883 the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine found there "foundations, pillar-shafts and a large vaulted cistern. At the time, it was named Khurbet al Addeisiyeh, meaning "The ruin of the lentil-fields".
References
Bibliography
External links
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 21: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Al-Uddeisa, part of Sa'ir, Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem (ARIJ)
Villages in the West Bank
Hebron Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Martin David "Marty" Kiar (born June 19, 1977) is a Democratic politician who currently serves as the Broward County Property Appraiser. Kiar was formerly the Mayor of Broward County and a Broward County Commissioner, representing the 1st District from 2012 to 2016. Prior to being elected to the Broward County Commission, Kiar served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 2006 to 2012, representing the 97th District.
History
Kiar was born in Pembroke Pines in 1977 to Monroe and Mariann Kiar. His mother was a school principal. His father was a former Councilmember and Mayor of the Town of Davie. His brother, Marc Kiar, is a school teacher and athletic director in Broward County. His sister, Casey Kiar Lee, is a businesswoman and community activist in Broward County. Martin Kiar graduated from Western High School. He then attended Palm Beach Atlantic University, receiving his bachelor's degree in 1999, and then the Shepard Broad Law Center, the law school of Nova Southeastern University, receiving his Juris Doctor and graduating magna cum laude in 2002. Upon graduation, he worked as an Assistant Town Attorney and Assistant Municipal Prosecutor for Davie. Kiar was also appointed to the Town of Davie School of Advisory Board, Broward County Housing and Finance Authority, and the Town of Davie Airport Advisory Board.
Florida House of Representatives
In 2004, when incumbent State Representative Nan Rich could not seek another term due to term limits, Kiar ran to succeed her in the 97th District, which included Coconut Creek, Davie, and Weston in western Broward County. He faced Weston City Commissioner Barbara Herrera-Hill in the Democratic primary, and campaigned on providing seniors with assistance for purchasing prescription drugs and reforming the Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test. He was endorsed by the Sun-Sentinel over Herrera-Hill, which praised his "history of public service" and "energy and enthusiasm." Ultimately, however, Herrera-Hill defeated Kiar, winning 53% of the vote to his 47%.
Herrera-Hill ended up losing to Republican nominee Susan Goldstein, so when Goldstein ran for re-election in 2006, Kiar ran against her. He faced executive recruiter Walter Birch in the Democratic primary, and campaigned on increasing access to health insurance for low-income individuals, improving public education, providing working families with affordable housing, and shutting down the Citizens Property Insurance Corporation, which Kiar called a "mess" plagued with corruption. Kiar comfortably won the primary with 64% of the vote, and advanced to the general election. He was supported by Michael Schiavo, the wife of Terri Schiavo, who was kept on life support while her husband wished to allow her to die when a number of state politicians got involved. He criticized Susan Goldstein for supporting intervention in the case, declaring, "Susan Goldstein decided she knew what was best for me and my family. [She] should apologize not just to me but the people who voted for her." During the campaign, Kiar was criticized for accepting campaign contributions from Chris Kovanes, a former Davie Town Administrator who was accused of embezzling hundreds of thousands of dollars, which Kiar called "despicable." Kiar advocated for the creation of a publicly elected state insurance commissioner to reform home insurance, the enaction of property tax breaks for "first-time homebuyers and public servants such as teachers, firefighters, and police officers," and the preservation of the state's Class Size Amendment. In the end, Kiar narrowly defeated Goldstein, unseating her with 53% of the vote.
When he ran for re-election in 2008, he was opposed by Todd Goberville, a salesman and the former Chairman of the Florida Federation of Young Republicans. Goberville attacked Kiar for ineffectiveness in the legislature while Kiar criticized Goberville for opposing stem cell research and supporting school vouchers. He received the endorsement of the Sun-Sentinel in his campaign, which praised him for being "sincere, if not overly idealistic" and argued that "he deserves the chance to be a fence mender" in the legislature. Ultimately, Kiar ended up defeating Goberville handily, winning re-election with 58% of the vote. In 2010, he was re-elected to his third and final term in the legislature without opposition.
Broward County Commission
In 2012, rather than seek re-election to the legislature, Kiar instead opted to run for the Broward County Commission from the 1st District, which includes Davie, Lauderhill, Plantation, Sunrise, Tamarac, and Weston in western Broward County. Though he was initially opposed by a number of candidates, all of them dropped out, and he won election to the County Commission entirely unopposed.
Broward County Property Appraiser
Marty took office as the Broward County Property Appraiser on January 3, 2017 having been elected unopposed in 2016.
References
External links
Florida House of Representatives - Martin David Kiar
About Martin David Kiar
Palm Beach Atlantic University alumni
Florida Democrats
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
1977 births
Living people
People from Davie, Florida
People from Pembroke Pines, Florida
Sanedo () is type of Gujarati folk music, popularized by well-known Gujarati singer Maniraj Barot.
History
The original pronunciation and word is snehdo (), derived from the word sneh (), meaning love or affection. Sanedo contains couplets of four lines and has a striking resemblance to bhavai, a folk drama form from Gujarat. The Gujarati folk artist Arvind Barot performed sanedo on stage in the 1980s and deserves credit for bringing sanedo to the mainstream, but it was thanks to another Gujarati folk artist, Maniraj Barot, that Sanedo is famous among all Gujarati people and being played at Navratri and many wedding parties. A sanedo topic can be anything from romance or youth to satire.
Sanedo originated from the villages of the Patan district in Gujarat and it has become a very popular dance all over Gujarat and also among the Gujarati speaking population in other parts of India, United States, Australia, Canada and Britain. It is frequently played during the festival of Navratri, wedding celebrations and parties.
The music played in the background during a Sanedo recital is from a musical instrument called daklu. It is similar in shape to a drum but is considerably larger.
External links
Informative blog about sanedo
Sanedo in videos, audio, tips about sanedo, download links
Gujarati culture
Indian folk music
Reginald Walter Macan D.Litt. (1848 – 23 March 1941) was a classical scholar. He was educated at University College, Oxford, where he gained a First in Classical Moderations in 1869 and a First in Literae Humaniores ('Greats') in 1871. He held a Fellowship at the college (1884–1906) and was appointed Master in March 1906. He was only the second layman Master of the college after Anthony Gate, Master from 1584 to 1597.
Reginald Macan was originally from Dublin, Ireland, and retained his Irish accent until the 1890s. He was an undergraduate at University College, Oxford, and then a "Student" (the equivalent of a Fellow) of Christ Church after obtaining his degree. He returned to University College as a Fellow and Tutor in 1884 until becoming Master of the college in 1906. He retired in 1923.
Macan had a reputation as a heretic early in his career, but delivered addresses in the chapel at University College at least annually. Like his predecessor as Master, J. Frank Bright, he was nicknamed the "Mugger" by students.
Macan applied archaeological discoveries to the study of ancient history. He produced a major set of books on Herodotus.
In 1913, Reginald Macan visited New York and spoke at the Sphinx Club about Rhodes Scholars at Oxford University.
In 1881, Macan married Mildred Healey; they had three daughters, one of whom Agatha Perrin married Eric Forbes Adam. He retired to Boars Hill, south of Oxford, and lived there till the age of 93.
Maurice Greiffenhagen painted a formal portrait of Macan in academic dress, located at University College in Oxford.
References
External links
1848 births
1941 deaths
19th-century Irish people
20th-century Irish people
People from County Dublin
Irish classical scholars
Alumni of University College, Oxford
Fellows of Christ Church, Oxford
Fellows of University College, Oxford
Masters of University College, Oxford
Classical scholars of the University of Oxford
Historians of antiquity
De stille genieter (English title: The Silent Hedonist) is a Belgian comedy film directed, produced, co-written and edited by Edith Kiel. It was her final film.
External links
1961 films
1960s Dutch-language films
Belgian black-and-white films
1961 comedy films
Films set in Belgium
Films shot in Belgium
Lance Kinsey (born June 13, 1954) is a Canadian actor and screenwriter, best known for his role as Lt. Proctor in the Police Academy film series. He also played the male lead in Club Fed and wrote for the Disney animated series, The Weekenders.
Life and career
Kinsey was born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, and grew up in Chagrin Falls, Ohio. He attended Hawken School in Gates Mills, Ohio and graduated from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. He majored in drama and after college apprenticed at Actors Theatre of Louisville. Then he performed with other regional theaters, dinner theaters, and national touring companies.
Kinsey moved to Chicago and joined the Second City comedy troupe where he wrote and starred in several consecutive revues. He taught improv at high schools and colleges including Columbia College in Illinois as well as the Goodman Theatre. He was nominated for two Joseph Jefferson Awards.
Kinsey has appeared in television, film, and theatre productions, but is probably best known to audiences as Proctor, the supercilious sidekick of Commandant Mauser and Captain Harris in the Police Academy film series. Kinsey also writes and produces for television and film. He appeared in one episode of The Amanda Show in 1999.
Personal life
Kinsey is married, his wife is Nancy, they met in Chicago at Second City. They have a son, Matt, and daughter, Logan. They live in Los Angeles, California.
Filmography
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male screenwriters
Canadian male television actors
Male actors from Calgary
Writers from Calgary
People from Chagrin Falls, Ohio
Niculițel is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Niculițel.
A paleo-Christian basilica dated from the end of the 4th century to the 6th century was discovered in Niculițel in the spot named "La Plăcintă". Coins from between 330-354 were discovered, as were 5th century modifications to the basilica. While a specific end date for the use of the basilica could not be determined, a couple of 10th century submerged dwellings were discovered as having been dug in the NV corner of the nave which concludes that the basilica was in disarray by the 10th century. Under the altar there is a crypt which housed the bones of the martyrs whose names were written on the sidewalls.
References
External links
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Unión Deportiva Somozas is a football team based in As Somozas in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1984, the team plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 1. The club's home ground is Pardiñas, which has a capacity of 1,500 spectators.
History
Founded in 1984, Somozas started to play as a senior in the following year, achieving promotion after finishing fourth in the Segunda Regional. In 1993, the club achieved promotion to Tercera División.
In 1999, after suffering relegation from the fourth division, Somozas chose not to play in the Regional Preferente and nor in the Primera Regional, returning to the seventh division. The club only returned to the fourth tier in 2008, and reached the Segunda División B for the first time six years later.
Season to season
3 seasons in Segunda División B
16 seasons in Tercera División
1 season in Tercera División RFEF
Current squad
Honours
Tercera División
Winners: 2013–14
References
External links
UD Somozas Official Web
Futbolme team Profile
Club & stadium history
Football clubs in Galicia (Spain)
Association football clubs established in 1984
1984 establishments in Spain
Bernardo Buontalenti (), byname of Bernardo Delle Girandole ( 1531 – June 1608), was an Italian stage designer, architect, theatrical designer, military engineer and artist and inventor of italian ice cream.
Biography
Buontalenti was born in Florence.
He entered the service of the Medici as a youth and remained with them the rest of his life. He is said to have been instructed in painting by Salviati and Bronzino, in sculpture by Michelangelo Buonarroti, in architecture by Giorgio Vasari, and in miniature painting under Giulio Clovio. He executed a number of miniatures for Francesco, the son of Cosimo I. More than a painter, he was celebrated as an architect; in this role he was much employed in the design of fortifications, villas, and gardens and is considered one of the most important architects of the Mannerist period. He was also a great mechanic, and an excellent mathematician. In 1562 he travelled to Spain.
His first known work is from 1568, the Palazzo di Bianca Cappello in Florence. His main achievements include the project for the new city of Livorno, the decoration of Palazzo Pitti and the Boboli Gardens with the famous grotto, as well as the Parco di Pratolino of which little remains today, except for a giant sculpture by Giambologna, representing the Colossus of the Apennines. Buontalenti's skills as a military engineer are shown by the fortifications of the port of Livorno, the Forte di Belvedere in Florence, the city walls of Pistoia, Grosseto, Prato, Portoferraio (Elba) and Naples; he also perfected designs for cannons, and devised a new type of incendiary grenade.
In the Uffizi Palace of Florence, he built a great court stage, where, during the winter of 1585–1586, splendid festivities were produced under his direction. He designed costumes for the Medici extravaganzas. He was also an innovator in ice conservation and is credited with inventing the precursor to modern Florentine gelato.
Despite his successes, his prodigality led Buontalenti to financial ruin; he survived in his later life thanks to a pension given him by the Grand Duke of Tuscany.
Work
One of the theaters that Bernardo had built was the Theater of Baldracca (or the Theater of the Dogana). It was opened in 1576, when Bernardo was the Court Architect, and it became one of the oldest theaters in Florence. This theater, however is not like other modern theaters. In the Theater Of Baldracca the stage would be raised a little, and the audience had to stand or to sit on long benches to watch the live performance. The theater also included a box with grating, that would seat very high-ranking viewers. The grating allowed the viewers to see but not to be seen. However, the theater was not very popular and was replaced by the Uffizi Gallery Library.
Another theater built by Bernardo was the Medici Theater, built for the Grand Duke Francesco I Medici. Bernardo worked at the theater between 1576 and 1586. Bernardo had employed a Mannerist and experimental architectural language for this theater, but in 1589 Bernardo had to modify the decorations to represent the authority of the Grand Duke Ferdinando I. The room structure was inspired by theaters of classical antiquity. Bernardo also included a sloped floor that allowed the audience to see better. However, when the court moved to another location, the room was left behind.
Buontalenti was involved in other Baroque theaters before his death. He also helped design stage machinery for specific performances, as well as many allegorical costumes for the Medici Theater. Finally, he was responsible for arranging spectacular fireworks displays for some of the performances.
References
Bernardo Buontalenti and the Grotta Grande of Boboli, Florence: Maschietto Editore, 2012.
Italian Mannerist architects
Italian Baroque painters
Italian scenic designers
Theatre architects
1530s births
1608 deaths
Italian Baroque people
Italian male painters
Italian military engineers
Architects from Florence
Painters from Tuscany
European court festivities
16th-century Italian architects
17th-century Italian architects
16th-century Italian painters
17th-century Italian painters
Mier (), also known as El Paso del Cántaro, is a city in Mier Municipality in Tamaulipas, located in northern Mexico near the Rio Grande, just south of Falcon Dam. It is northeast of Monterrey on Mexican Federal Highway 2. (26°28'N 99°10'W)
In 1990, the population was recorded at 6,190. By the 2010 census, it had dropped to 4,762 inhabitants. It has an agricultural economy centered on cotton, sugar cane, corn, and livestock.
History
The town was founded on March 6, 1753. The land was originally owned by Felix de Almandoz. Land later passed on to General Prudencio Basterra who married Felix's sister Ana Maria. 19 Families from Camargo formed the new settlement.
The town is called Mier because the governor of Nuevo León from 1710 to 1714, Francisco Mier y Torre, used to spend the night there on his way to Texas. It began to be called Estancia de Mier and then simply Mier. This is where the steamboats used to stop when they came up the Río Bravo.
Conflicts with the Republic of Texas
On his return to power, General Santa Anna sent a force of seven hundred men, mostly mounted Mexican troops under the command of General Ráfael Vásquez, to occupy San Antonio in early March 1842.
The "war hawks" in the Texas Congress forced President Sam Houston to act. The President ordered General Alexander Somervell to command the assembling volunteers at San Antonio. Men of all kinds came pouring into town, some shoeless, most horseless, some seeking adventure, and others of the criminal sort, wishing only to sack Mexican towns and villages. As Houston had hoped, Somervell acted indecisively. Soon, considerable looting of Tejano stores in San Antonio, coupled with out-and-out insubordination, broke up the volunteers before they could march on Mexico and start a major war.
Relations between Texas and Mexico worsened, especially after the Mexican general Adrián Woll and fourteen hundred troops again captured San Antonio in September. Houston once again summoned Somervell to organize and lead the volunteers but hoped that the Texas general would remain north of the Nueces River. But as the army grew to 750 men, even Somervell realized that he would have to act. His volunteers had taken on an identity of their own; had he refused to march, the troops would have left him.
The army was slowly breaking up as a result of the disorder and looting, after Laredo was captured. The 500 who remained followed Somervell south to Guerrero, where pillaging occurred. Here a mutiny erupted in which 189 men followed William S. Fisher, Ewen Cameron, and Thomas Green into the Mexican town of Mier.
On December 23, 1842, Fisher and most of the men crossed the Rio Grande and entered the Ciudad Mier, where they met no resistance. They demanded supplies from the town, which the town's alcalde promised to deliver. The troops withdrew and waited. In the meantime, a large detachment of Mexican troops arrived in the town. On December 25, the two sides engaged in a bloody battle that lasted almost 24 hours. The Texans sustained thirty casualties and ran out of food, water, and ammunition. More than 200 Texans surrendered to Mexican forces, unaware that they had mauled the Mexican troops to an almost unbelievable degree, inflicting an astounding 800 casualties.
As far as the Mexicans were concerned, the Texans were privateers on an unauthorized raid and entitled to no consideration as military prisoners of war. They were sentenced to death and then taken on a forced march to Mexico City. Fisher was separated from the group, but the men selected a leader from among themselves, a Scottish-born captain named Ewen Cameron. Along the way, Cameron led most of the prisoners in an escape attempt. The Texans tried to make a run back for the border, but they hadn't bargained on the harsh and dry conditions in the mountains. All but three were recaptured and returned to the town of Salado, Tamaulipas.
When he heard about the break-out, Antonio López de Santa Anna ordered that the recaptured prisoners, some 176 men, be put to death immediately. The Governor of Coahuila, Francisco Mexía, refused to carry out the order and pleaded with foreign ministers in Mexico City to persuade the president to change his mind. (Santa Anna was out of office from 26 October 1842 to 4 March 1843, with Nicolás Bravo serving in the Presidential capacity.)
What happened next became known as the "Black Bean Episode." Santa Anna promised the foreign ministers that he would show mercy, and then modified his decree to order the decimation of the Mier prisoners; in other words, the execution of every tenth man. At El Rancho Salado, which was presumably in the state of Coahuila, on March 25, 1843 – three months after the Battle of Mier – the prisoners were forced to draw a bean from a jar (while blindfolded) containing 159 white beans and 17 black beans. At dusk that day, those unlucky enough to draw a black bean were shot to death, in two groups.
Cameron had drawn a white bean, which should have saved his life. However, he had earned the hostility of Mexican Colonel Antonio Canales Rosillo, for his role in the embarrassing defeat in his battle (July 1842 at Fort Lipantitlán, near Corpus Christi, Texas), and for leading the escape attempt. Canales intervened with Santa Anna, and he agreed. Cameron was shot by a firing squad at Perote Prison on April 26, 1843.
The remaining prisoners were put to work on a road gang. In September 1843, most of them were confined at the notorious Perote Prison in the state of Veracruz, while a few were separated from the group and scattered into other prisons around Mexico. Over the next few months, some managed to escape, while others died of wounds, disease, and starvation. Diplomats from the United States and Great Britain worked for the release of the Mier prisoners. They were eventually paroled in piecemeal fashion, with the last prisoner going home in September 1844.
In 1847, during the Mexican–American War, the remains of the men executed in the Black Bean Episode were retrieved from Mexico and interred near La Grange, Texas, (with those who died in the Dawson Massacre), at which site has been established a monument.
Fidel Castro in Mier
One historic event from Mier occurred in 1956 involving Fidel Castro. At that time Ciudad Mier had near 4,000 inhabitants. Its isolation and close proximity with the U.S. border led to it becoming a mecca for smugglers.
Fidel Castro had learned of the fashion in which any merchandise could be crossed illegally by the Rio Grande into Mier. At that time Castro was preparing for a revolution in Cuba and was meeting with leaders in Mexico City. Castro needed weapons and went to Mier to obtain them. Mier town historian Antonio Guerra said only the best smugglers received the assignment.
The operation was assigned to Juan 'El Chapiado' González, from Mier, and Santiago 'El Chago' Guerra, from Agualeguas (Nuevo León). These men acquired the weapons in the United States then passed them over the Rio Grande in boats. When they disembarked the weapons were then unloaded at the Los Guajes Ranch, owned by Jesus 'El Gavilan' Ramírez.
Family and acquaintances of these men relate that after hiding the weapons, the group was directed to travel to the Cantina de la Loma del Peligro bar, many miles down the highway leading from Mier to Ciudad Guerrero. There they met the buyer of the merchandise. In the bar it was agreed that the weapons would continue south, leaving Mier to Aldamas. From there they would travel to Veracruz where they would be loaded into a yacht named Granma.
Castro later confirmed that the weapons leading to the Cuban revolution indeed passed through Mier with the help of Mexican smugglers.
Abandonment
Ciudad Mier was largely abandoned in 2010 due to the bloody turf war between the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas after the death of Antonio Cárdenas Guillén, the drug boss of the Gulf organization. The fight between the drug cartels resulted in the death or kidnapping of all the police forces in the municipality of Ciudad Mier.
Approximately 95% of the population left Ciudad Mier and went to Miguel Alemán, Tamaulipas, as a result of the violence generated by the drug cartels in the Mexican Drug War. Consequently, the president of Mexico, Felipe Calderón, ordered the creation of a military headquarters in the area, and now more than 600 military elements patrol the streets of Mier.
Municipal presidents of the city
Nicolás Farías (1930–1933)
Severo Barrera (1934–1936)
Jesús García Gutiérrez (1937–1940)
Florentino Ramírez Canales (1941–1942)
Agustín Hinojosa Hinojosa (1943–1945)
Valentín Barrera (1946–1948)
Marcial Garza Sarabia (1949–1951)
Julio Ramírez-Mateo García (1952–1954)
Gerónimo Ramírez (1955–1957)
Marco Hinojosa Villela (1958–1960)
Álvaro Barrera Garza (1961–1962)
Leonte Garza y Garza (1963–1965)
Mauro Smith Bazán (1966–1968)
Álvaro Barrera Garza (1969–1971)
Roel Ramírez Ayala (1972–1974)
Francisco Rodríguez Cavázos (1975–1977)
Vladimir Treviño Rodríguez (1978–1980)
Roberto González Guajardo (1981–1983)
Ignacio Peña Alemán (1984–1986)
Álvaro Barrera Ramírez (1987–1989)
Jesús Humberto Hinojosa Vivanco (1990–1992)
Enrique Maldonado Quintanilla (1993–1995)
Jesús Ángel Guerra Mancías (1996–1998)
Jesús Humberto Hinojosa Vivanco. (1999–2001)
Abdón Canales Díaz (2002–2004)
José Herbey Ramos Ramos (2005–2007)
Roberto Gonzales Gonzales (2013-2016)
Roberto González Hinojosa (2016-2018)
References
External links
Expedition article at Texas State Library
Site of the Battle of Mier
Populated places in Tamaulipas
Pueblos Mágicos
Populated places established in 1753
1753 establishments in New Spain
Preah Sdach (, ; "Sacred Prince") is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia. The most popular market of Preah Sdach District is Phsar Trea which is located in Trea Commune. The Japanese-Cambodian Friendship High School is also in this district.
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
The Hanriot H.26 was a French single seat fighter aircraft prototype completed in 1923. Only one was built.
Design and development
The H.26 (the first Hanriot fighter that did not use the HD nomenclature, where the D was for their long-standing designer Emile Dupont) was intended for the 1921 C1 (single seat Chasseur or fighter) programme competition. Most participants used the V-8 Hispano-Suiza 8F engine, with its low frontal area. Instead, the H.26 used a lower power, water cooled Salmson 9Z 9-cylinder radial engine. The H.26 aimed to redress the balance by aerodynamic cleanliness, with few interplane struts, flying wires or exposed cabane struts.
It was an all-metal single bay sesquiplane, fabric covered except for the fuselage ahead of the cockpit. The gap between the wings was small and the stagger marked. The lower wing was conventionally mounted at the bottom of the fuselage and the upper planes, built in separate pieces, braced close to the upper fuselage on short, faired extensions. In section the wings were aerodynamically thick and strongly cambered. There were ailerons only on the upper plane, the plan, structure and bracing of which was greatly altered during 1923. When the H.26 made its first public appearance, at the Paris Aero Show in December 1922, the still uncovered upper wing of the unflown fighter had long, gently curved tips outboard of a straight edged, constant chord central section and had a single main spar. Sixteen months later, after the aircraft had flown, the wings had become rectangular and were built around two spars. The short span lower wing retained its single spar structure throughout but it, too, had curved tips replaced with square. The wing bracing had also changed: originally a bracing wire ran from the rear undercarriage structure upwards and outwards, via the lower to the upper wing. This was replaced by a single, wide chord rigid strut with an aerofoil section and widened at its roots.
The closely cowled radial engine set the diameter of the H.26's short nose and drove a two blade propeller behind a very large diameter domed spinner. The Salmson was initially cooled with a semi-circular Botali radiator to the rear of the engine but this proved ineffective and was replaced with a pair of Chaussons, one on each forward undercarriage leg. The H.26 had a fixed conventional undercarriage with mainwheels on a centrally hinged split axle, enclosed within a lift-contributing wing-like fairing and supported by N-form struts attached to the lower fuselage longerons on each side. Originally, these were reinforced by long vertical struts from the shock absorber attachments to the upper wing central section. These were discarded when the interplane wires were replaced by the faired interplane struts, which extended downwards to the rear undercarriage structure; the tops of the shock absorber struts were relocated to mid-fuselage on the engine mounting.
The pilot's cockpit, with a faired headrest behind it, was at the trailing edge of the upper wing, placed within a small cut-out to improve his limited view. The H.26 had a fuselage built around four metal tube, cross-braced longerons, enclosed within metal formers and stringers to shape it into an oval cross-section. Behind him the fuselage tapered to the broad chord fixed tail surfaces. The mid-fuselage tailplane, which had a strongly swept leading edge, carried round tipped elevators that narrowed inboard. The vertical tail was oval shaped, with a broad chord rudder that ended at the top of the fuselage.
The H.26 was first flown from Orly in 1923. Initially troubled by engine overheating, it proved to have handling problems and a poor view for the pilot; despite the modifications, its test programme was soon abandoned.
Specifications
References
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes
1920s French fighter aircraft
H.026
Trucker may refer to:
Truck driver, a person employed as the driver of a truck
Trucker (band), a rock and alternative country band from Lawrence, KS
Truckers (2013 TV series), a 2013 drama television series on BBC One
The first novel in The Nome Trilogy, a series of children's novels by Terry Pratchett
Truckers (1992 TV series), the UK television series based on the first book from The Nome Trilogy
Trucker (film), a 2008 US feature film
Truckers, an upcoming DreamWorks Animation film
Other uses
Drive-By Truckers, an alternative country and Southern rock band
Trucker hat, a type of baseball cap
Ice Road Truckers, a reality television series
Space Truckers, a 1996 US feature film
Walter C. Short (April 2, 1870 – March 5, 1952) was a career officer in the United States Army. A veteran of the Spanish–American War, Pancho Villa Expedition, and World War I, he attained the rank of brigadier general. Short was most notable for the organization and training of several units during the first World War, and his command of the 1st Cavalry Division between World War I and World War II.
Early life
Walter Cowen Short was born in Columbus, Ohio on April 2, 1870, a son of John Short and Elizabeth L. (Cowen) Short. He was raised and educated in Columbus, and attended Marietta College from 1887 to 1888. He was a student in the preparatory department at Ohio State University from 1888 to 1889. Short attended Michigan Military Academy from 1889 to 1890. After graduating, he remained on the academy's faculty as professor of grammar and arithmetic.
Start of career
While attending Marietta College, Short joined the Ohio National Guard's 3rd Infantry Battalion. He was soon commissioned as a captain, and he remained with the battalion for two years. In 1889, he was commissioned as a colonel on the staff of Governor Joseph B. Foraker, and his duties included arranging for the participation of Ohio National Guard troops in the inauguration of Benjamin Harrison as president.
At Michigan Military Academy's 1891 graduation ceremony, U.S. Army officers in attendance including Colonel Edward Miles Heyl commended the drill and ceremony of cadets under Short's command and made note of Short's bearing and appearance. When a lieutenant's vacancy occurred in the 6th Cavalry Regiment shortly after the graduation, Heyl recommended Short for the appointment despite the fact that he was not among the 1,800 individuals who had applied. He did not pass the week-long qualifying examination on the first attempt. He passed on the second, and received his commission as a second lieutenant of Cavalry on October 7, 1891.
Short reported for duty with the 3rd Cavalry at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. Soon after he arrived, the Garza Revolution began when Catarino Garza launched an attack on Mexico from Texas in an effort to topple the government of Porfirio Díaz. Short was ordered to Fort Ringgold with two cavalry troops under the command of a captain. He was soon assigned to command of the troops, and led them until hostilities died down when Garza went into hiding to avoid capture by U.S. soldiers. During this conflict, the units under Short's command participated in a number of engagements along the Texas-Mexico border and took several prisoners.
After leaving Texas, Short joined the 6th Cavalry at Fort Niobrara, Nebraska, and assumed command of Troop L (the regiment's American Indian scouts). During the 1894 Pullman Strike, the 6th Cavalry was on duty in Chicago, and Short served on the regimental staff. After the strike, the 6th Cavalry was assigned to Fort Myer, Virginia and Short continued to serve on its staff.
Spanish–American War
At the start of the Spanish–American War in 1898, Short was assigned command of the 6th Cavalry's Troop A. While the regiment was in Tampa, Florida awaiting transportation to Cuba, Short was appointed an assistant adjutant general of United States Volunteers with the temporary rank of major. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate, but Short declined in order to serve at the front with his regiment.
After arriving in Cuba, Short was promoted to temporary captain. The 6th Cavalry led the charge at the July 1, 1898 Battle of San Juan Hill, with most troopers marching because they had been required to abandon their horses due to the difficult terrain. Short was mounted in order to better direct his troops, and his horse was shot during the fighting. He continued to lead on foot, and was among the first soldiers to reach the top of the hill. During the battle, Short was shot three times, with one round entering his side and passing out near the spine, one causing a flesh wound to one of his arms, and one wounding his wrist. Despite his wounds, Short remained on his feet until clearing the Spanish army's breastworks. His comrades, including John J. Pershing, carried him from the battlefield, convinced he would not recover. A photo in The Illustrated London News of August 20, 1898 depicted the scene of Short being carried, and he gained a measure of fame as a result.
Short was evacuated to a military hospital in Key West, Florida. After convalescing for ten days, he was well enough to sneak away from the hospital and rejoin the 6th Cavalry in Cuba. He received a brevet promotion to major in recognition of his heroism and remained in Cuba until the end of the war.
Post-war
After leaving Cuba, Short served with the 10th Cavalry regiment at Fort Riley, Kansas and Fort Sam Houston, Texas. He was then ordered back to Cuba as the officer in charge of a 100-man detail from the 10th Cavalry. Short and his men took part in the United States Military Government in Cuba, and Short was appointed de facto governor of the city of Bayamo and surrounding towns. Under his leadership, 10th Cavalry soldiers drove out or captured gangs of robbers who had long dominated the area, and killed 37. They improved sanitation in Bayamo, established several new schools, installed telegraph lines, and improved the roads between the city and Cuba's coastline.
After his service in Cuba, Short was assigned to Vancouver Barracks, Washington as a major in the 35th United States Volunteer Infantry. The regiment was soon ordered to the Philippines, where Short served during the Philippine–American War. He was mustered out of the volunteer service in 1901 and promoted to captain as a member of the 13th Cavalry at Fort Keogh, Montana.
In 1902, the Army established the Cavalry School at Fort Riley, and Short was appointed its first senior instructor. He remained on the faculty until 1907, when he was selected for attendance at the Cavalry School in Saumur, France. After completing the course as a student, which enabled him to observe French methods of instruction, Short returned to Fort Riley as the Cavalry School's assistant commandant, where he remained until 1911.
Short was assigned to the 1st Cavalry Regiment in 1911. In addition to performing duty with his regiment at the Presidio of San Francisco, Short was also assigned as commander of Fort Yosemite and the troops assigned to oversee the operations of Yosemite National Park. In 1913, Short was assigned to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii as a member of the 4th Cavalry Regiment. In 1915 he was promoted to major and assigned to the 16th Cavalry at Fort Ringgold, Texas. During this assignment, Short performed duty on the Texas-Mexico Border during the Pancho Villa Expedition.
World War I
In May 1917, Short was promoted to lieutenant colonel. In August 1917, he was promoted to temporary colonel and assigned command of the 337th Infantry Regiment during its initial organization and training. He subsequently commanded the 312th and 315th Cavalry Regiments, which he organized and trained. When the Army determined that Cavalry units were not needed on the front lines, Short was responsible for converting these regiments to Field Artillery, and they went to France as the 71st and 72nd Artillery Regiments.
From September to October 1918, Short commanded the 8th Infantry Regiment at Camp Fremont, California. He was promoted to temporary brigadier general in October 1918 and assigned to command 32nd Infantry Brigade, 16th Division at Camp Kearny, California. The war ended before the 16th Division departed for France, and Short reverted to his permanent rank of lieutenant colonel in 1919.
Post-World War I
After World War I, Short served in Belgium as manager of the U.S. equestrian team at the 1920 Summer Olympics. He then attended the United States Army Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth. After graduation, he was promoted to colonel and assigned to command the 16th Cavalry at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. In 1921, he was transferred to command of the 7th Cavalry. In October 1923, Short was detailed to the Inspector General's department, and he served for two years in San Francisco and two in Honolulu.
In October 1927, Short was promoted to brigadier general and assigned to the Advanced Air Corps School at Fort Langley, Virginia. He subsequently served at the Infantry School at Fort Benning, Georgia and the Cavalry School at Fort Riley. In 1928, he took command of the 2nd Cavalry Brigade at Fort Bliss, Texas. Also in 1928, Short was manager of the U.S. equestrian team that took part in the Summer Olympics, which were held in Amsterdam. He commanded the 1st Cavalry Division from 1930 to 1932. He was commander of Fort Bliss in 1933 and commanded the 1st Cavalry Division again in 1934. Short retired in April 1934.
Death and burial
In retirement, Short was a resident of San Diego, California. He died at Naval Medical Center San Diego on March 5, 1952. Short was buried at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego.
Family
In 1901, Short married Hortense DuBois Wilson in Omaha, Nebraska. They were the parents of a daughter, Hortense Wilson, who was the wife of Major General Verne D. Mudge.
Awards
Short was a recipient of the Silver Star Citation for his Spanish–American War Service, which was upgraded to the Silver Star when that decoration was created in 1918. In addition, he received the Purple Heart for the wounds he sustained in the Battle of San Juan Hill after the award was created in 1917.
Notes
References
External links
1870 births
1952 deaths
People from Columbus, Ohio
People from San Diego
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
Recipients of the Silver Star
Burials at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery
Military personnel from California
United States Army Cavalry Branch personnel
Senior Soul is a 1972 studio album by the American singer Billy Eckstine. The album was Eckstine's third for Stax Records's subsidiary Enterprise.
Reception
In an Allmusic review of a combined reissue of the album with If She Walked Into My Life, John Bush wrote that the album "...combines the sweet Southern tilt to Memphis soul listeners expect from Stax with one of the leading proto-soul stars. Though Eckstine's rich vibrato tones were both out of fashion and much more difficult to accomplish as he neared 60, there are several solid tracks here..." Bush also praised Eckstine's "wonderfully smooth sensibilities." Eckstine's biographer, Cary Ginell, described his versions of "I Believe in Music" and "When Something Is Wrong With My Baby" as making Eckstine "...seem even more out of place than before".
Track listing
"I'll Always Have Faith in You" (Eddie Floyd, Alvertis Isbell) - 4:07
"A Man Who Sings" (Richard Landis) - 3:15
"A Song for You" (Leon Russell) - 4:36
"Thank You for the Moment" (Landis) - 4:01
"Please Send Me Someone to Love" (Percy Mayfield) - 4:08
"Today Was Tomorrow Yesterday" (Mack Rice) - 4:21
"Don't Lose Faith in Me Lord" (Rice) - 3:13
"I Believe in Music" (Mac Davis) - 3:15
"Living Like a Gypsy" (Landis) - 2:41
"When Something Is Wrong With My Baby" (Isaac Hayes, David Porter) - 5:23
Personnel
Billy Eckstine - vocals, producer, vocal arranger
Artie Butler - arranger, vocal arranger
Artie Butler, Billy Eckstine
David Krieger - art direction
Sherlie Matthews Singers - backing vocals
Larry Shaw, Ron Gorden - creative direction
Ami Hadani, Nye Morton, Terry Manning - engineer
Dave Purple - remix engineer
Joel Brodsky, Peter C. Borsari - photography
References
1972 albums
Billy Eckstine albums
Stax Records albums
Hemelveerdegem is a village and borough which makes up part of the municipality of Lierde in the Denderstreek in the Belgian province of East Flanders. The village and estate were ruled from 1752 by the armigerous Boelare family.
Overview
The village was first mentioned around 963 as Ermfredeghe. In 1752, the village became part of the barony of Boelare. In 1977, the municipality was merged into Lierde.
The Saint John the Baptist Church mainly dates from the 18th century, however some parts have been estimated to originate from the 14th to 16th century. The reredos (altar piece) dates from the early 16th century, and is considered a masterpiece of wood work. The church has been designated a protected monument in 1969.
The village's coat of arms shows a beehive with a lion behind it. The arms were granted on 4 August 1818 and were confirmed on 7 September 1928.
References
External links
Lierde
Populated places in East Flanders
The A9 is a national road in Latvia connecting Riga to third largest city of Latvia, Liepāja through Skulte, also known as Liepāja highway in Latvia. The road is part of Latvian TEN-T road network. After Liepāja, the road turns in to Latvian A11. The length of A9 in Latvian territory is 200 kilometers. Currently A9 has 1x1 lanes in all its length. The current speed limit is 90 km/h. It is planned that around year 2020 all at-grade intersections with A9, in the segment from Riga to Jaunbērze, would be removed, and two-level ones would be built instead, with an option to widen the A9 to 2x2 lanes in further future. from Riga until Jaunbērze, The average AADT of A9 in 2015 was 5,379 cars per day.
References
A09
Jonkheer Willem van Haren (21 February 1710 – 4 July 1768) was a Dutch nobleman and poet.
Van Haren was born in Leeuwarden. His best-known work was an epic poem, Friso, created in 1741. His brother, jhr. Onno Zwier van Haren, was also a poet and wrote patriotic verses. Willem van Haren died in Sint-Oedenrode.
References
1710 births
1768 deaths
18th-century Dutch writers
Dutch male poets
Dutch critics
18th-century Dutch diplomats
Dutch nobility
People from Leeuwarden
18th-century Dutch poets
18th-century male writers
Grafton Apparel Ltd. is a leading Canadian seller of men's apparel. Grafton Apparel Ltd. operates through its retail chains, Tip Top Tailors, George Richards Big and Tall, Mr. Big & Tall, and Kingsport Clothiers, which are located coast to coast in Canada. The company's leading competitor is Men's Wearhouse's Moores.
History
In 1853, James Beatty Grafton, son of Irish immigrants, left school at the age of 16 to become an apprentice in the dry goods industry. Moving later that year to Dundas, Ontario, he went into business with Anthony Gregson and opened a dry goods, millinery and clothing shop known as Gregson & Grafton. The company was established later that year, fourteen years before Canadian Confederation. In 1858 Anthony Gregson retired and James Grafton was joined in business by his brother John to form the J.B. & J.S. Grafton Co. In 1884, James John Grafton, the son of James Beatty Grafton joined the company as a full partner and the company was once again renamed to Grafton & Co. In 1889 the store was ready to expand and opened its second branch in Owen Sound, Ontario. Within the next 16 years five more branches opened in southern Ontario in Peterborough, Hamilton, London, Brantford and Woodstock.
In 1900 Grafton & Co. opened a factory across the street from its original store in Dundas to ensure that all the products they offered were manufactured with their trademark "High Grade".
By the 1960s Grafton & Co. was a well known name in Ontario with eight stores around the province. On July 19, 1967 Grafton & Co. purchased Jack Fraser Stores Limited and became Grafton-Fraser Limited. The middle of the line pricing and well established quality of the clothing offered at both of these stores made for the perfect partnership between the companies.
Jack Fraser had been founded in 1926 by Jack Fraser in Toronto's east-end. The store was quickly established for its superior value to the customer. By the 1950s the chain had 17 stores across south-central Ontario. Jack Fraser offered its selection in the Boys and Menswear departments at Woolco stores, giving it coast-to-coast exposure, in addition to its own 23 Jack Fraser stores, located principally in shopping centres.
In the late 1960s, after the merger, the decision was made to expand Jack Fraser from Ontario to across Canada, while continuing to expand with Woolco in their Menswear department. The expansion started in 1969 was completed by 1976 with the establishment of their 80th store. At this time Jack Fraser stores were found in every province.
1977 saw the next merger for Grafton-Fraser when they purchased George Richards Kingsize Clothes Limited, Canada's largest chain of specialty apparel for big and tall men.
In the early 1980s, Grafton-Fraser also operated the Dapper Dan chain of jeans and casual clothing stores, competing head on with Dylex's Thrifty's chain. Dapper Dan operated stores with a colour scheme and signage font very close to today's The Gap stores. In 1984, Grafton-Fraser launched its Grafton & Co. Store which was an upscale menswear specialty retailer featuring high fashion sportswear and casual clothing.
Faced with the recession of the early 1990s, Grafton-Fraser was forced to re-evaluate its operational strategy, reinventing itself centered on its key strength in the men's apparel market. The company divested itself of all footwear operations as well as home furnishings, business, women's departments, children departments and leased department activities (such as Woolco), as well as all non-Canadian enterprises launched during the late '70s and early '80s.
Emerging from reorganization in 1992 as a leaner but stronger company, Grafton-Fraser was composed of three complementary chains of retail stores: Grafton & Co., Jack Fraser Menswear and George Richards Big & Tall Menswear. The company underwent major changes with the majority of shares being sold to the Cadillac Fairview Corporation and the addition of new President & CEO, Glenn Stonehouse. In 1994, Stonehouse was able to buy a majority of shares from the Cadillac Fairview Corporation.
Recent history
In 1999 the company continued to expand, buying the Canadian operations of Repp Ltd. Big and Tall stores from the bankrupt Edison Brothers Stores of St. Louis, Missouri. The purchase marked the repatriation of a chain which was started by Canadians. The chain was repositioned slightly to complement the merchandise mix of George Richards. It was re-branded Mr. Big & Tall in a large media campaign in the fall of 1999, returning to its original name.
Later that same year Grafton-Fraser struck an agreement with Timberland retail stores. This partnership led to Grafton-Fraser being the franchise operator of Timberland-branded retail stores. The company was quick to open two new flagship Timberland stores which are recognized for both their footwear and clothing selection. The division peaked at nine stores in very short order.
The year 2000 saw the largest acquisition of all. Grafton-Fraser bought the Tip Top Tailors chain from Dylex Ltd. in July of that year. Overnight, the size of the Company doubled to over 200 stores and approximately $200 million in revenue.
The Tip Top Tailors chain was started in Toronto in 1909 by David Dunkelman in Toronto. The rented store was at 245 Yonge Street, and Dunkelman sold tailored suits for $14. The name of the chain was chosen by a customer in a contest. Originally, Tip Top Tailors sold tailored suits, and this continued up until the 1960s. Tip Top made its own merchandise. In 1929, it built a large building near the Toronto waterfront to house all its operations, including administration and manufacturing. During the Second World War, it made uniforms for many allied armed forces.
The Company also acquired the Kingsport Clothiers store.
In 2005, the Company made the decision to retire the Jack Fraser name and rename all Jack Fraser stores Tip Top Tailors, finding that the Tip Top Tailors name was more recognizable. In cities where both a Jack Fraser and a Tip Top Tailors were present, the more profitable of the two stores stayed open and, where necessary, changed its name to Tip Top Tailors. Today there are over 100 Tip Top Tailors across Canada in all provinces except Quebec and Prince Edward Island.
In 2006 July, the federal Competition Bureau announced that it had reached an agreement with Grafton-Fraser and its President resolving the Bureau's concerns over the company's pricing practices. The Bureau alleged that Grafton-Fraser tagged these garments with both a regular and a sale price when, in fact, the garments were not sold in any significant quantity or for any reasonable period of time at the regular price. Among other things, the Agreement called for the payment of an administrative monetary penalty and costs totalling $1.2 million.
Change continued for Grafton-Fraser. In 2007 May, majority ownership of the company was sold to an affiliate of Gordon Brothers Group. The Timberland division was closed during 2007 and 2008. The Grafton & Co. chain was merged with the Stonehouse Menswear, and all those stores were rebranded under the Stonehouse Menswear brand. This retail chain was closed in 2010, with all Stonehouse stores closed in that year. The merchandise brand Stonehouse was continued in Tip Top Tailors.
Tip Top Tailors, Kingsport Clothiers, Mr. Big and Tall and George Richards chains continue to operate in most provinces across Canada and make up well over 150 stores for Grafton-Fraser Inc.
References
External links
Tip Top Tailors official website
George Richards official website
Mr. Big & Tall official website
Clothing retailers of Canada
Retail companies established in 1853
The Akita Northern Happinets are a Japanese professional basketball team based in Akita that competes in the Eastern Conference of the First Division of the B.League. The team was formed as an expansion team of the bj league in 2010 and found success for the first time in 2013–14, finishing their fourth season as league runners-up. They went on to finish as runners-up for the second year in a row in 2014–15 and in third place in 2015–16, the final season of the bj league.
History
Akita Prefecture's connection with basketball has historically laid with Noshiro Technical High School, which has won a total of 58 national-level championships, and the Isuzu Motors corporate team (Akita Isuzu Motors, currently the Yokohama Giga Spirits), which was based in Akita from 1955 until 1987. Following the formation of the independent bj league in 2006, a committee was formed to investigate the formation of a professional club within the prefecture in 2007 but was unsuccessful. In June 2008 another association was formed to pursue a bj league franchise licence and a pre-season match between the Sendai 89ers and Niigata Albirex BB was held a few months later. In January 2009 Akita Pro Basketball Club Co., Ltd. was established and in the following May was granted a licence to enter the 2010-11 bj league season. The team's name was announced at a pre-season match hosted in Akita between the 89ers and Hamamatsu Higashimikawa Phoenix in September 2009.
2010-11 season
The Happinets entered the Eastern Conference of the bj league in October 2010 as one of three expansion teams. The Shimane Susanoo Magic and Miyazaki Shining Suns joined the Western Conference, taking the league to a total of 16 teams. For their first season the Happinets signed Seiichi Oba as general manager and former Shiga Lakestars coach Robert Pierce as head coach. 39-year-old Akita native and Noshiro Tech alumnus Makoto Hasegawa was acquired from Niigata in exchange for a first-round draft pick and took on a player-manager role. The team drafted and Ryosuke Mizumachi in the expansion draft, in the second round of the rookie draft and Makoto Sawaguchi in the development draft. The team was unable to reach a deal with Nakanishi, who instead signed with Rizing Fukuoka before the start of the season. Happinets' inaugural home game was held at the Akita Prefectural Gymnasium in October.
2011-12 season
In November 2011 the team signed Curtis Terry, brother of NBA player Jason Terry, to replace the injured Brandon Wallace. After 14 games Terry was released from the club in January due to his arrest for theft from a convenience store.
2013-15 seasons
Has emerged as a strong league power, and won a conference title two years in a row.
2016-17 season
ANH struggled throughout the season and were relegated to second division.
2017-18 season
Akita finished the regular season with a 54–6 record, defeated Kumamoto Volters in the B2 playoffs and were promoted to B1.
2018-19 season
The team suffered its 11th consecutive defeat, However, Akita was not relegated and remained in the B1 league.
2019-20 season
Coach Pep left, and Maeda was promoted from assistant coach to bench boss. The 10th anniversary team got sponsorship deals from electronics company TDK Corporation. Tokyo Denki Kagaku sponsored Liga ACB team, TDK Manresa
between 1985 and 2000.New practice facilities, near the Akita Station, was completed in December. Two games were played without spectators due to the COVID-19 pandemic in March.
2021-22 season
Assistant coach Makoto Tanaka was arrested for drink-driving on July 17, 2021. The team clinched their first B. League playoff berth on May 8, 2022.
2022-23 season
Amida Brimah was released by Happinets on August 29, 2022. He originally signed for this season on July 13.
Current roster
Management
General manager
Seiichi Oba
Managers and trainers
Yukio Kodaka
Shintaro Tahara
Itsuki Midorikawa
Ryohei Sugano
Former managers and trainers
Shigeru Takeuchi
Kento Yamasawa
Basketball academy
Shoya Uchimura
Yu Yoshimoto
Bicky
unknown
Noted employee
Yasuhiko Takahashi (Wheel gymnastics champion)
Notable former players
Seiya Ando
Antonio Burks
Marshall Brown
Alex Davis
Jordan Glynn
Will Graves
Makoto Hasegawa
Sek Henry
Justin Keenan
Scott Morrison
Kevin Palmer
Richard Roby
Kazuhiro Shoji
Deshawn Stephens
Shigehiro Taguchi
Kenichi Takahashi
Yuki Togashi
Brandon Wallace
Season-by-season record
Team statistics
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size:95%; text-align:right;"
!Year
!Lg
!GP
!MP
!FG(%)
!3P(%)
!FT(%)
!RPG
!APG
!SPG
!BPG
!PPG
!OPPG
|-
|-
| align="left" | 2010–11
| align="left" | bj
| 50 || 10050 || .414 || .324 || .620 || 49.3 || 15.5 || 5.8 || 2.0 || 79.4||84.3
|-
| align="left" | 2011–12
| align="left" | bj
| 52 || 10425 || .408 || .323 || .669 || 37.3 || 15.6 || 8.0 || 2.2 || 73.8||80.2
|-
| align="left" | 2012–13
| align="left" | bj
| 52 || 10475 || .415 || .334 || .620 || 33.4 || 15.8 || 6.8 || 2.5 || 77.4||76.9
|-
| align="left" | 2013–14
| align="left" | bj
| 52 || 10475 || .457 || .354 || .692 || 40.0 || 19.4 || 7.1 || 3.0 || 90.2 ||81.1
|-
| align="left" | 2014–15
| align="left" | bj
| 52 || 10475 || .484 || .375 || .679 || 38.8 || 20.3 || 7.1 || 4.1 || 89.2 ||77.1
|-
| align="left" | 2015–16
| align="left" | bj
| 52 || 10475 || .462 || .359 || .692|| 46.3 || 19.7 || 7.4 || 3.1 || 83.9 ||75.9
|-
| align="left" | 2016–17
| align="left" | B1
| 60 || 12150 || .425 || .342 || .684 || 37.5 || 12.1 || 6.3 || 1.9 || 70.4 ||74.3
|-
| align="left" | 2017–18
| align="left" | B2
| 60 || 12000 || .437 || .339 || .631 || 40.7 || 20.6 ||bgcolor="CFECEC"| 11.9 || bgcolor="CFECEC"|3.5 || 80.0 || bgcolor="CFECEC"|67.7
|-
| align="left" | 2018–19
| align="left" | B1
| 60 || 12025 || .421 || .307 || .696 || 36.8 || 18.3 || bgcolor="CFECEC"|8.2|| 2.9|| 71.3||78.2
|-
| align="left" | 2019–20
| align="left" | B1
| 41 ||8200 || .430 || .306 || .711 || 35.8 || 19.1 || bgcolor="CFECEC"|9.7|| 3.0|| 75.5||73.9
|-
| align="left" | 2020–21
| align="left" | B1
| 59 ||11875 || .435 || .319 || .696 || 35.5 || 20.7 || 9.1|| bgcolor="CFECEC"|4.0|| 77.5||78.1
|-
| align="left" | 2021–22
| align="left" | B1
| 54 ||10850 || .446 || bgcolor="CFECEC"|.378 || .751 || 36.1 || 20.7 || 8.9|| 2.7|| 78.7||75.7
|-
Other honors and titles
Tohoku Cup
Champions (5): 2012, 2013, 2016, 2021, 2022
Tohoku Early Cup
Champions (2): 2017, 2019
Head coaches
Assistant coaches
Yoichi Motoyasu
Joe Cook
Kenjiro Maeda
Uniforms
Cheerleading squad
The Akita Northern Happinets Cheer Dance Team are the official B.League Cheerleading squad representing Happinets. The group performs at CNA Arena Akita, the home court of the Happinets. The squad also has a "Junior Cheer School Programme", for young women aged 5–12.
Director
Mineko Abe
Instructor
Aimi Sukagawa
Members
Ikumi
So
Nene
Yumi
Kanon
Nanami
Rio
Shiho
Jr-Rio
Source:
Mascot
Bicky is the official mascot of the Akita Northern Happinets. The Frog wears #82 and is able to slam-dunk. He is 182 cm tall and weighs 82 kg. Happinets introduced a new mascot Rana, Bicky's girlfriend, on June 26, 2020. University HOSP man is the unofficial mascot.
Arenas & Facilities
The Happinets play their home games at CNA Arena Akita, their home since 2016. During their time in the bj league, the Happinets played their home games at the Akita Prefectural Gymnasium. Another home, Nices Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Yurihonjo. A new prefectural gymnasium will be built in 2026. The team has practice facilities at the Akita Northern Gate Square, Akita Bank Gymnasium, Akita Xerox Sports Square and Akita International University Suda Hall. They also build muscle at Varsity Weight Room in Yabase, Akita. Happinets players love to take spa at Youland Hotel Yabase in Akita. (Tattooed players have special privileges to take a bath.)
"Crazy Pink" phenomenon
The Happinets fans are widely known as "Crazy Pink" and sometimes have overwhelming numbers at the visitors games. The hoop-crazed fans light up arena with "Bigabiga", pink glow sticks and sing the prefectural anthem before the game. The Happinets home court rocks with another stadium anthem "Fly Again" by Man with a Mission, and CNA Arena Akita is the one of the hottest and loudest basketball venues in Asia. The Akita Airport limousine buses have the painted images of the Happinets and Blaublitz Akita.
Kit
Manufacturer
Average regular season home game attendance
Media
Radio
The Happinets players' talk show is aired occasionally on ABS. The Happinets don't have any play-by-play radio broadcasting.
Programs
ABS - Akita wo sakebe Northern Happinets
ABS - Nantettatte Nichiyou ha Sports
ABS - Kosaka Rika no Cheer Happinets
FM Akita - Weekly Northern Happinets (Takashi Hatakeyama)
FM Hanabi - Uchiagero Go! Go! Akita Northern Happinets!!
Television
SoftBank Group Corp. is estimated to have invested over ¥12 billion to get the broadcasting rights of B.League in 2016. The Happinets home game broadcasters are Toshifumi Takeshima (Akita Television, play-by-play announcer) and Hiroyuki Chida (JR Akita Peckers).
Programs
AAB - Go Happinets!
References
External links
Basketball teams in Japan
Sport in Akita (city)
Sports teams in Akita Prefecture
Basketball teams established in 2010
2010 establishments in Japan
Buhoci is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bijghir, Buhocel, Buhoci, Coteni and Dospinești. The village of Buhoci is to the east of the city of Bacău.
Natives
Ioan Borcea
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
East Lyme Public Schools is a school district in East Lyme, Connecticut.
The district has one high school, one middle school, and three elementary schools. It is overseen by an elected 10-member board of education that serve four-year terms.
The district also serves high school students from Salem.
High school
The high school, known as East Lyme High School (grades 9-12), is located in the village of Flanders section of East Lyme. The school mascot is Sven the Viking. It serves students from not only East Lyme but also the town of Salem, Connecticut that has no high school of its own. The agreement with Salem to educate the town's high school students will continue until at least 2039, when the current co-operative agreement between the two towns expires.
The High School's many athletic teams have consistently placed among the top in the region, capturing titles in Football, Baseball, Basketball, Soccer, Crew, Swimming, Volleyball, Cross Country, Track, Lacrosse, Tennis, Fencing, Field Hockey, Wrestling, and Marching Band.
Middle school
The Middle school, known as East Lyme Middle School, or ELMS, (grades 5–8). Its mascot has changed over time; it was originally the Sabers, then changed to Hawks, and is currently a Viking to be similar to the High School. The Middle School is housed in a building that was constructed in 2002. The school is designed to employ Kivas. In this design concept, small groups of students (approximately 80) are co-located in a classroom setting, where most of their daily instruction takes place. This setting, or Kiva, consists of:
four classrooms (one designed for science, one for mathematics, and two "linked classrooms" designed for social studies and language arts),
restroom facilities,
media support facilities,
a common meeting area,
a teacher preparation area
student lockers
The students of each Kiva do not intermingle with students from other Kivas, except for during lunch and special educational experiences. This system is criticized; some children will never meet others because each kiva stays together, only changing teachers. This structure allows a large physical plant to resemble a smaller school, while allowing students the learning opportunities (Life Skills, Technology Education, Art, Music Instruction, and Sports) that are available in a larger institution. ELMS was designed to accommodate the 5th grade students from the town's three elementary schools (Lillie B. Haynes, Niantic Center School, and Flanders School) due to the overcrowding in these schools. Due to COVID-19 Kivas do not intermingle at all, the schools still does a 5 day a week schedule with extra covid restrictions. (This is subject to change as the pandemic is always changing.)
Elementary schools
Elementary Schools in East Lyme serves grades pre-K to 4. Originally they served pre-K to 5, but there was an overcrowding in the elementary schools, so when the new Middle School was built it was designed to hold the 5th grade.
Flanders School serves most of the village of Flanders. It is located an eighth mile west of Flanders four corners, and is adjacent to East Lyme High School and the School Board offices.
Lillie B. Haynes is located in the former East Lyme Middle School is located next to the new East Lyme Middle School. The original Lille B. Haynes school building was constructed in 1952 and was demolished in the summer of 2002 to make way for the new middle school parking lot.
Niantic Center School is located in the heart of Niantic, and serves most of Niantic. The school is represented by a scallop shell. It is the oldest of the town's school buildings, with a small portion having been constructed in 1899.
References
External links
East Lyme Schools
East Lyme, Connecticut
School districts in Connecticut
Education in New London County, Connecticut
Salem, Connecticut
Avalanche Express is a 1979 Cold War adventure thriller film starring Lee Marvin, Robert Shaw (in his final film appearance), Maximilian Schell, and Linda Evans and produced and directed by Mark Robson. The plot is about the struggle over a defecting Russian general. The screenplay by Abraham Polonsky was based on a 1977 novel by Colin Forbes.
Plot
Russian general Marenkov (Robert Shaw) decides to defect to the West and CIA agent Harry Wargrave (Lee Marvin) leads the team that is to get him out. Wargrave decides that Marenkov should travel across Europe by train, on the fictional "Avalanche Express". The idea is to lure the Russians into attacking the train and thus discover who their secret agents in Europe are. Consequently, during the train journey they must survive both a terrorist attack and an avalanche, all planned by KGB spy-catcher Nikolai Bunin (Maximilian Schell).
Cast
Lee Marvin as Col. Harry Wargrave
Robert Shaw as Gen. Marenkov (Voice later dubbed by Robert Reitty.)
Linda Evans as Elsa Lang
Maximilian Schell as Col. Nikolai Bunin
Joe Namath as Leroy
Horst Buchholz as Julian Scholten
Mike Connors as Haller
Claudio Cassinelli as Col. Molinari
Kristina Nel as Helga Mann
David Hess as Geiger
Günter Meisner as Rudi Muehler
Sylva Langova as Olga
Cyril Shaps as Sedov
Vladek Sheybal as Zannbin
Arthur Brauss as Neckermann
Sky du Mont as Philip John
Richard Marner as General Prachko
Arnold Drummond as Commissar (Maxim Gorky)
Paul Glawion as Alfredo
Dan van Husen as Bernardo
Production problems
During production in Ireland, both director Mark Robson and starring actor Robert Shaw died of heart attacks within weeks of each other. Monte Hellman was brought in to finish the direction and Gene Corman (Roger Corman's brother) was called in to complete Robson's duties as producer.
Robert Rietti was hired to re-record Robert Shaw's dialogue in the opening scene, as it was decided to redo that scene in Russian with English subtitles instead of having the Russians speak broken English. As a consequence, for continuity, all of Shaw's dialogue throughout the film was re-recorded by Rietti.
Hellman, Corman and Rietti were not credited for their work, but the film's end credit contains a note stating: "The producers wish to express their appreciation to Monte Hellman and Gene Corman for their post production services."
Critical reaction
Vincent Canby of The New York Times criticized the film's tackiness, suggesting it was copied from The Cassandra Crossing and likening it to the work of exploitation filmmaker Lew Grade, criticising the actors as appearing "at a loss".
Time Out called it "awful", "formulary" and "hammily acted" but explained its curious editing as resulting from the production problems. The Radio Times gave it 2/5 stars, noting its disjointed quality but praising the acting and snowy special effects. Leonard Maltin's annual publication "TV Movies" gives the film a BOMB rating.
See also
List of American films of 1979
References
External links
1979 films
1970s action thriller films
1970s spy thriller films
American action thriller films
Irish action thriller films
American disaster films
American spy thriller films
1970s English-language films
English-language Irish films
Films directed by Mark Robson
Cold War spy films
Films about terrorism in Europe
Films based on British novels
Films based on thriller novels
Films set in Italy
Films set in Switzerland
Films set in the Alps
Films shot in Bavaria
Films set in West Germany
Films set in Belgium
Films set in Amsterdam
Films set in the Soviet Union
Films set on trains
Avalanches in film
1970s American films
The Dragon was a sailing event on the Sailing at the 1968 Summer Olympics program in Acapulco. Seven races were scheduled. 71 sailors, on 23 boats, from 23 nations competed.
Results
DNF = Did Not Finish, DNS= Did Not Start, DSQ = Disqualified
= Male, = Female
Daily standings
Conditions at Acapulco
Of the total of three race areas were needed during the Olympics in Acapulco. Each of the classes was new Olympic scoring system.
Notes
References
Dragon
Dragon (keelboat) competitions
Arcadio Fuentes (born 11 September 1965) is a Puerto Rican boxer. He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Puerto Rican male boxers
Olympic boxers of Puerto Rico
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Light-heavyweight boxers
Muferihat Kamil Ahmed (Amharic: ሙፈሪሃት ካሚል አሕመድ, mufärihat kamil ähmäd; born 1976) is an Ethiopian politician who is the current Ministry of Labour and Skills Development in Ethiopia. She was the Speaker of the House of People's Representatives. Muferihat previously served as the first Minister of Peace from October 2018 to 6 October 2021. She was the Chair of the SEPDM (Southern Ethiopian People's Democratic Movement), one of the four parties that make up the former ruling coalition in Ethiopia, the EPRDF.
Early life
Muferihat was born in Jimma to ethnic Silt'e parents, one of southern Ethiopian peoples. She is a Sunni Muslim. She attended Haramaya University, obtaining her BSc in Agriculture in 2000.
Political career
Muferihat was appointed Public Relations Advisor to the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' Region (SNNPR) President in 2007. She was named as Minister of Women's Affairs of Ethiopia in 2008. She was named as Speaker of the House of People's Representatives in April 2018, making her the first female to hold the post.
In October 2018, Muferihat was appointed Minister of Peace, a powerful ministry overseeing agencies including the National Intelligence and Security Service (NISS), the Information Network Security Agency (INSA), and the Federal Police Commission.
References
Living people
Southern Ethiopian People's Democratic Movement politicians
1976 births
Speakers of the House of Peoples' Representatives (Ethiopia)
Government ministers of Ethiopia
Women government ministers of Ethiopia
Ethiopian Muslims
Female interior ministers
21st-century Ethiopian politicians
21st-century Ethiopian women politicians
N. bidentata may refer to:
Naesa bidentata, an isopod crustacean
Nerice bidentata, a North American moth
This was a new event in 2012.
Shelby Rogers won the title defeating Samantha Crawford in the final 6–4, 6–7(3–7), 6–3.
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
ITF Women's Circuit - Yakima - Singles
Mauth is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
The silvery lutung (Trachypithecus cristatus), also known as the silvered leaf monkey or the silvery langur, is an Old World monkey. It is arboreal, living in coastal, mangrove, and riverine forests in Peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra, and Borneo.
It is the type of its species group.
Description
The silvery lutung is a medium-sized monkey with a long, non-prehensile tail. It has grey-tipped, dark brown or black fur, giving it a uniform silvery appearance. Unlike some related species, there are no paler markings on the face or body, except for a patch of whitish hair on the groin of females. A crest of fur runs along the top of the head, and the hair on the cheeks is long, often obscuring the ears. The hands and feet are hairless, with dark coloured skin, and have opposable thumbs and toes.
Females range from in head-body length, with an average weight of and a tail length of . Males are slightly larger, from in length, with an average weight of and a tail length of .
Like other langurs, the silvery lutung has a large three-chambered stomach to digest the cellulose found in its herbivorous diet. This allows for fermentation of food, and has some similarities with the stomach of ruminants. The intestine is unusually long, even compared to those of other langurs, and has a number of pouches along its length, which carry out further fermentation of plant matter. The teeth have grinding ridges and other modifications to allow the more efficient processing of tough leaves.
Distribution and habitat
The silvery lutung is found across Borneo and Sumatra, as well as in parts of the south-western Malay peninsula, the Natuna Islands, and other nearby islands. It inhabits mangrove swamps and nearby forest regions, and generally avoids travelling far from coasts or rivers.
The number and identity of subspecies of the silvery lutung is currently debated. A 2008 analysis confirms the presence of only two subspecies:
Trachypithecus cristatus cristatus - Borneo, Sumatra, Natuna Islands
Trachypithecus cristatus selangorensis - Malay Peninsula
The Malay Peninsula form has been subsequently elevated to a separate species, the Selangor silvered langur T. selangorensis
However, some older sources, such as Mammal Species of the World, as well as some much newer ones such as the 2021 edition of the IUCN Red List, distinguish the silvery lutungs of the Natuna Islands as a separate subspecies, designated T. c. vigilans.
Ecology
Diet
The silvery lutung is a specialist folivore, including a higher proportion of leaves in its diet than any other colobine monkey. Although it does also eat fruit, and some seeds and flowers, these comprise only 9% of the diet, and it is also able to feed on tougher and more mature leaves than any of its close relatives. Because of these differences, silvery lutungs do not normally live in the same parts of the forest as other monkeys. Where other species are found in the same area, silvery lutungs are more commonly found in the middle canopy of the forest, leaving the higher branches to monkeys with a more frugivorous diet.
Predators
Local predators able to feed on silvery lutungs include leopards, tigers, dholes, and some large snakes. Binturongs, and various other small carnivores are probably able to feed on infants.
Diseases
Silvery lutungs are unusually susceptible to human diseases, including AIDS, and have therefore been widely used in medical research.
Behaviour
Silvery lutungs are diurnal, and travel in groups of around 9-40 individuals with one adult male and many adult females communally caring for infants. They rarely leave the trees, which provide them protection from ground-dwelling predators, and rapidly flee if threatened. Each group occupies a home range of , although these may overlap with those of neighbouring groups. During the day, individuals may travel up to through the forest, with some forming all-female subgroups that separate from the group containing the male. The entire group shelters in a single tree at night.
The social structure of silvery lutungs is matrilineal and harem based. Females remain in the group for life, while males leave shortly after reaching adulthood, living in small groups of their own until they can take over an established harem. Within the group, males dominate the females, and females with young dominate those without. However, there is relatively little aggression within the group compared with some related species.
Because group ranges often overlap, different groups frequently come into contact with one another. The adult male protects his group and territory from competing males, communicating his dominance to other males via vocalizations and fighting. In the absence of males, however, females from different groups are more likely to interact peacefully. The most serious conflicts occur when a male intrudes directly on the territory of another male, which may result in the intruder displacing the resident and taking control of the group. In many other primates, such a displacement would normally be followed by the male killing any infants sired by his predecessor; although this may occur in silvery lutungs, it has not been directly observed, and may be less common than in some other species.
Although less vocal than other closely related species, silvery lutungs make at least thirteen different vocalisations, with the most common being used by adult males defending their territory. Other vocalisations express fear, anger, excitement, and satisfaction, in addition to various calls made by infants.
In Sabah, Malaysia, silvery lutungs have been observed in mixed-species groups with proboscis monkeys, and interspecific mating and a possible hybrid has been observed. Researchers believe this may be a result of the two species being confined to a small patch of riverine forest due to deforestation in order to plant oil palm trees.
Reproduction
Silvery lutungs breed year round, with no clear breeding season, although each female typically gives birth no more than once every 18 to 24 months. The female attracts the male by making side-to-side motions with her head, and copulation may occur several times during a bout. Unusually, females have been reported to reach menopause in the wild, and may survive up to nine years after last giving birth.
The female gives birth to a single young after a gestation period of 181 to 200 days. The young weigh about , measure about and are well developed, with a strong grip for holding onto the mother. Silvery lutungs are born with orange fur, and with white hairless skin on the face, hands, and feet. The skin rapidly changes to the dark adult colour, but the fur does not reach the adult pattern for three to five months after birth. The young are cared for by females communally, and are not weaned for 18 months, even though the biological mother stops lactating after just 12 months. The young are sexually mature almost as soon as they finish weaning, and, on average, females first give birth at 35 months of age.
Silvery lutungs have lived up to 31 years in captivity.
Evolution
Genetic analysis has shown that the silvery lutung probably first evolved during a rapid speciation event that occurred between 0.95 and 1.25 million years ago, during which all the living species of the T. cristatus species group evolved. Because of the relative speed and diversity of this event, the species of the group are difficult to distinguish genetically, and there is some uncertainty as to which represent genuinely distinct species. However, the closest living relative of the silvery lutung may be the Javan lutung, although silvery lutungs have also been reported to produce hybrids with Phayre's leaf monkey, generally considered belonging to a different species group.
Fossils of the species are known from the late Pleistocene onwards, and occupy the same geographic range as today. Some of these fossils had significantly larger cheek teeth than living animals, although they have not been assigned to a distinct subspecies.
Conservation
The silvery lutung is classed as vulnerable by the IUCN, and is listed in Appendix II of CITES. Its habitat is heavily threatened throughout its range by logging and the development of oil plantations. The species is also threatened by hunting for meat and by capture for the pet trade.
References
External links
BBC: Silvered Langur
Lotong Kelabu
silvery lutung
Primates of Southeast Asia
Mammals of Indonesia
Mammals of Malaysia
Mammals of Borneo
Near threatened animals
Near threatened biota of Asia
silvery lutung
14 rating refers to a type of age-based content rating that applies to media entertainment, such as films, television shows and computer games. The following articles document the rating across a range of countries and mediums:
Classification organizations
Brazilian advisory rating system (14)
Canadian motion picture rating system (14A)
Canadian Home Video Rating System
Manitoba Film Classification Board
Maritime Film Classification Board
British Columbia Film Classification Office
Saskatchewan Film and Video Classification Board
Ontario Film Review Board
TV Parental Guidelines (TV-14)
Common Sense Media (14+)
Systems
Motion picture content rating system, a range of classification systems for films that commonly use the age 14 as part of its regulatory criteria
Television content rating system, a range of classification systems for television broadcasts that commonly use the age 14 as part of its regulatory criteria
Video game content rating system, a range of classification systems for video games that commonly use the age 14 as part of its regulatory criteria
Mobile software content rating system, a range of classification systems for mobile software that commonly use the age 14 as part of its regulatory criteria
South Carolina Highway 254 (SC 254) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects Greenwood and Cokesbury.
Route description
SC 254 begins at an intersection with SC 72 Business (SC 72 Bus.; Grace Street/Reynolds Avenue) just west of Lander University, in Greenwood, the county seat of Greenwood County. It travels to the north and immediately curves to the north-northwest. It has an intersection with U.S. Route 25 (US 25), US 178, and SC 72 and a crossing of Rocky Creek just before leaving the city limits. The highway passes by Greenwood High School and Pinecrest Elementary School. About later, it crosses Turner Branch. Just before crossing Coronaca Creek, the highway begins to curve to the northwest. It passes Cokesbury Hills Golf Club just before entering Cokesbury at Parker Road. There, it intersects SC 246. At the intersection with Mt. Ariel Road and Ridge Road, it leaves Cokesbury. Approximately later, it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with US 25.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 254 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
254
Transportation in Greenwood County, South Carolina
Safety in Numbers is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and starring Jed Prouty, Shirley Deane and Spring Byington. It was part of Twentieth Century Fox's Jones Family series.
Cast
References
Bibliography
Bernard A. Drew. Motion Picture Series and Sequels: A Reference Guide. Routledge, 2013.
External links
1938 films
1938 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Malcolm St. Clair
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Abraham Laverton (3 October 1819 – 31 October 1886), of Westbury, Wiltshire, was an English cloth mill owner, Liberal Member of Parliament for the parliamentary borough of Westbury from 1874 to 1880, and philanthropist.
Early life
Born in Trowbridge in 1819, and baptized into the Church of England on 9 October, Laverton was one of the four sons of William Laverton, a master weaver, and his wife Penelope Davis, who had married in Trowbridge in October 1803. Laverton grew up there in Newtown. Apart from three brothers, he also had a sister, Charlotte. In March 1825 his mother died, aged 41.
As well as being a weaver, Laverton's father was a contractor with clothiers, sharing his contracts with other weavers. The Laverton children had some education, but in their youth they also worked as weavers. Abraham gained a job in the counting house of Court Mill, Trowbridge, before moving to Sheppards Mill, Frome, where he worked in sales and made contacts useful in his later career.
William Laverton, of Newtown, Trowbridge, died in October 1842, leaving property valued at less than £200.
Mill owner
In 1849, Laverton leased the Angel Mill, Westbury, from the trustees of William Matravers and converted it to produce cloth. In 1852 he bought the mill, while in the same year James Wilson, the Whig Member of Parliament for Westbury, and his brother William bought Bitham Mill in the same town. In 1856, the Wilson brothers sold their mill to Laverton. For part of the middle of the 19th century he also owned Boyer's Mill, Westbury. As well as being a manufacturer, Laverton was a speculative buyer of cloth and wool.
Politician
Laverton became a Westbury Justice of the Peace, and in 1864 a dispute arose between him and Charles Paul Phipps as to their seniority as magistrates.
In 1866, he was named as an additional Commissioner "for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes", when he was described as "Abraham Laverton Esquire, Westbury House, Westbury".
From 1868, Laverton stood unsuccessfully for parliament in Westbury as a Liberal, first against the Conservative John Lewis Phipps, when he lost by only twenty-seven votes. Although Phipps was elected, the result was declared void as a result of an election petition brought by Laverton. Mr Justice Willes found that, although Phipps himself was personally innocent of any corrupt practice, his agent, Harrop, had carried out acts of intimidation on voters. The Judge found that Harrop, who was an agent of Phipps and a manufacturer in Westbury, "had told his workmen that no man should remain in his employment who voted for the Petitioner, who was his rival in trade, and that these men or some of them were obliged to leave his employment in consequence of their refusing to abstain from so voting". In 1869, a by-election was thus held to fill the vacancy, at which Laverton lost by only eleven votes, defeated by his rival's brother, Charles Paul Phipps, standing for the Conservatives. At the 1874 election he was finally elected as the borough's Member of Parliament. However, there is no record that he ever spoke in the House of Commons.
In 1874, a poem called Warblings from Westbury was published, poking fun at Laverton in his new role as Member of Parliament. In the same year, he printed a circular to the shareholders of the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway offering himself to them as a director.
Laverton was defeated at the 1880 election by Charles Phipps's son, Charles N. P. Phipps. Following this defeat, he filed a petition in the High Court to have the result of the election annulled on the grounds of bribery, treating, and undue influence on the part of his Conservative opponent. This failed, rejected by Sir Robert Lush and Sir Henry Manisty, two Justices.
Public works
In 1869, shortly after his second election defeat, Laverton built Prospect Square, Westbury, a development of thirty-nine houses, of which thirty-two were for his mill workers and seven were almshouses, around three sides of a large open space which before that had been used as allotments. Some of these houses are now listed buildings.
In 1873, the year before his one election success, Laverton founded and built the Laverton Institute in Bratton Road, Westbury, as a recreational centre; the building continues in use as a community facility, managed by the Town Council. The Institute included a room for a school which already existed, the Westbury Boys' British School, which moved into the Laverton Institute in 1874 and in 1907 changed its name to the Westbury Laverton Institute School. It remained in the building until 1925, when it was merged into what is now Matravers School.
In 1884, Laverton also built a new school in Bratton Road, near his Institute, and presented it to the town. This opened its doors in 1885 and was known as the Laverton Infants' School, then the Laverton County Infants' School, after being adopted by Wiltshire County Council. In 1958, it moved into premises in the churchyard, the former Church of England Junior School, and in 1968 moved again to Eden Vale, becoming the Westbury Infants' School. The original building in Bratton Road is now a private house.
The great west window of Westbury's All Saints parish church was donated by Abraham Laverton.
Laverton is sometimes stated as the founder of the public baths in Church Street, Westbury. While these were his conception, they were completed and given to the town in 1887, shortly after his death, by his nephew William Henry Laverton (1845–1935).
Death
Laverton died on 31 October 1886 at Farleigh Castle, Farleigh Hungerford, leaving a personal estate valued for probate at £647,416, .
A lifelong bachelor who lived his whole adult life with his sister, Charlotte, Laverton was succeeded by a nephew, W. H. Laverton, who continued the firm he had founded, A. Laverton & Co. Ltd. This was still making cloth in Westbury in the Angel and Bitham Mills in the 1960s.
Laverton's sister Charlotte outlived him, settling at Bradford on Avon and dying there on 21 July 1890.
References
B. Little, A history of the firm of A. Laverton & Co. Ltd. (unpublished)
External links
Mr Abraham Laverton at theyworkforyou.com
Laverton Hall, Westbury, Laverton Institute Trust
Prospect Square, Westbury, at geograph.org.uk, built by Laverton
1819 births
1886 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1874–1880
19th-century English businesspeople
English philanthropists
British textile industry businesspeople
People from Trowbridge
People from Westbury, Wiltshire
Cincloramphus is a genus of birds in the grassbird family Locustellidae.
The genus Cincloramphus was introduced by the English ornithologist and bird artist John Gould in 1838 with the brown songlark as the type species. The name combines the Ancient Greek kinklos meaning "thrush" with rhamphos meaning "bill".
A comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study of the family Locustellidae published in 2018 found that many of the genera were non-monophyletic. In the resulting reorganization the genera Megalurulus and Buettikoferella became junior synonyms of the resurrected genus Cincloramphus.
The genus now contains 12 species:
Brown songlark (Cincloramphus cruralis)
Rufous songlark (Cincloramphus mathewsi)
Rusty thicketbird (Cincloramphus rubiginosus)
New Britain thicketbird (Cincloramphus grosvenori)
Buff-banded thicketbird (Cincloramphus bivittatus)
Papuan grassbird (Cincloramphus macrurus)
Tawny grassbird (Cincloramphus timoriensis)
Guadalcanal thicketbird (Cincloramphus turipavae)
Santo thicketbird (Cincloramphus whitneyi)
New Caledonian thicketbird (Cincloramphus mariae)
Long-legged thicketbird (Cincloramphus rufus)
Bougainville thicketbird (Cincloramphus llaneae)
References
Taxa named by John Gould
Hoseynabad-e Makhtari (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Makhtārī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 14 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Daniel Tupou may refer to:
Daniel Tupou (born 1991), Australian rugby league player
Daniel Tupou (rugby union) (born 1996), Tongan rugby union player
The Armenian mouflon (Ovis gmelini gmelini) is an endangered subspecies of mouflon endemic to Iran, Armenia, Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan, Turkey and Iraq.
Taxonomy
The Armenian mouflon was first described in 1840 by Edward Blyth, who equated it with the "Orientalische Schaaf" (Oriental sheep) described by Samuel Gottlieb Gmelin in 1774.
It is known as the Armenian mouflon in both , haykakan muflon and , Qutch-e armani. Alternative names include Armenian wild sheep, Armenian red sheep, Transcaucasian mountain sheep, Transcaucasian sheep. and Anatolian mouflon.
Distribution and population
In Iran, Armenian mouflons are found in the northwestern part of the country. Individuals were transferred to Kabudan Island in Lake Urmia in 1895 and 1906 by one of the governors of Iranian Azerbaijan. A study carried out in the 1970s at the island found that their number declined from around 3,500 in 1970 to 1,000 in 1973. In 2004 1,658 Armenian wild sheep were counted at the Angouran Protected Area in Iran's Zanjan Province.
In Armenia, O. g. gmelini is found in Syunik Province (and to a lesser extent, in the provinces of Ararat and Vayots Dzor). According to a 2009 study there were "hardly over 200" mouflons in Armenia.
In Azerbaijan, an estimated 250 to 300 mouflons are found in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic.
Habitat
The Armenian mouflon lives mostly in open rough terrain at medium or high altitudes, where they inhabit rocky hill country, lowland and highland steppes, rocky semideserts, grass-covered slopes, and alpine meadows. They spend the summer at the highest elevations, right below the permanent snow. In winter, they move lower and may come into the valleys. They live in small or large herds, and in the summer, the older males live singly or in separate groups. They may live up to 18 years.
Protection measures
O. g. gmelini was listed in Category I of the USSR Red Data Book. In Armenia, hunting it has been forbidden since 1936. A captive-breeding program has been initiated at the Zoological Institute of Armenia aiming to expand Khosrov Nature Reserve, reorganize the Orbubad Sanctuary into a state reserve, control livestock, and reduce poaching. As of 2011, the fine for hunting the Armenian mouflon in Armenia was 3 million drams (roughly $8,000).
In Iran, hunting of O. g. gmelini is allowed only under permit, outside the protected areas, between September and February. Within the protected areas, grazing of domestic livestock is strictly controlled.
References
Further reading
Ovis
Fauna of Armenia
Fauna of Azerbaijan
Fauna of Iran
Taxa named by Edward Blyth
Mammals described in 1841
Trey Whitfield School is an elementary school in Brooklyn, New York, USA. The school has many activities including basketball, computer, choir, and drama. The grades range from nursery to 8th grade and there can be more than one class per grade depending on how many students there are.
Founders
Janie C. Whitney
The school was founded by Ms. Janie C. Whitney who has led the development of the school for over 20 years. Ms. Whitney was born in Cuthbert, Georgia. She attended Long Island University and studied accounting. She had always had a love for children and opened a day-care and after-school program in Bushwick, New York. In 1983, she became co-founder of Bethlehem Baptist Academy. As time went on the school became very productive and showed a strong will to build up a strong academic curriculum with good more character within its students.
A.B. Whitfield
A.B. Whitfield was born in Portsmouth, Virginia. He pursued many high school and college activities such as football, wrestling and track. He would later go on to play professional football. After he retired from football, he went on to earn a master's degree in education. He is the administrator and co owner of Trey Whitfield School. He has 35 years of educational experience and is retired from the NYC Board of Education where he was a teacher for 17 years, taught at elementary school level. He and Janie have also established the "Trey Whitfield Foundation" in memory of their son.
Name change
The school was originally known as Bethlehem Baptist Academy when it opened, but changed its name when the founders' son Trey Whitfield died in a boating accident while he was a senior attending Brewster Academy. The name change is seen as a tribute to their son who was considered an all-around good person.
References
www.treywhitfieldschool.org
External links
Trey Whitfield School website
https://www.nytimes.com/2003/09/24/nyregion/private-school-that-thrives-rules-minority-students-excel-brooklyn-site-it-model.html?pagewanted=1
Private elementary schools in Brooklyn
Private middle schools in Brooklyn
The Omaha Guide was an African American newspaper in Omaha, Nebraska, published between 1927 and 1958. It was founded by Herman J. Ford, but editorial control was handed over to C.C. Galloway, a local businessman, after Ford's departure from the paper in 1930. Mildred Brown and her husband worked for the paper for a time, but left and founded the Omaha Star in 1938. The paper suffered low circulation in its final years due to competition from the Omaha Star and others, and it closed in 1958.
Background
Nebraska has had a significant black press in the state since the late nineteenth century, though most of the commercially successful newspapers were in its city of Omaha. One of the prominent African American newspapers in the city was the New Era, published between 1920 and 1926. After the New Era folded due to costs in August 1926, Herman J. Ford founded the Omaha Guide on February 27, 1927, which revolved primarily around the area of North 24th Street.
Publication and contents
The issues of the Omaha Guide for its first five years have been lost. It likely struggled financially in its early years, as it had trouble paying the Associated Negro Press for their services. In 1930, Ford left the paper (though still remained president of the Omaha Guide Publishing Company) and moved to Washington, D.C., only briefly contributing to the paper in 1937. C.C. Galloway, a local businessman, had editorial control over the paper after Ford's departure. In a 1931 letter, Galloway laid out his intentions to "put out a Red-Hot paper" that would "smash the color line with a cosmopolitan, by weekly, ten-page newspaper". He hired M.L. Harris (who published the St. Joseph Review in Missouri) and Arthur B. McCaw (a civil servant and law student) to oversee two of its departments and write for the paper.
While the paper originally had eight pages—four for an "Illustrated Feature Section" that contained fiction and other features, and four for typical news content—by 1933, it was downsized to just four; throughout the 1930s, its size fluctuated between four and eight pages. Among its contributors were Cab Calloway, Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington, and Earl Hines, musicians who reported on their visits to the city. Around the time of World War II, the Omaha Guide had much interest in world affairs outside of the Global North; they reported on Japan as liberators of India and the Philippines, reported extensively on the Second Italo-Ethiopian War, and reported on the Spanish Civil War to the extent that stories involved black people. While Galloway had originally supported Herbert Hoover over Franklin D. Roosevelt in the 1932 presidential election, the Guide gradually changed its political outlook; it subscribed to the communist-operated Crusader News Service, and printed radical material—including defenses of the League of Struggle for Negro Rights.
Galloway's editorial control was subdued in 1937—around the same time as his disillusionment with radical economic policy—and the paper shifted to the right with the hiring of Mildred Brown and her husband Edward Gilbert. The Crusader News Service was replaced by work of the more moderate Floyd J. Calvin. A year later, Brown and Gilbert left the paper and founded the Omaha Star, while Galloway took editorial control of the paper again. Compared to other African American newspapers in Omaha around the same time—the New Era and the Monitor—the Omaha Guide was considerably larger, and it focused more on political and cultural life. In 1939, the Omaha Guide printers were burned in a fire, and although the paper recovered, it returned to its four page layout for six more years. Around this time, the paper had a circulation of 25,000.
Demise and aftermath
Subscriptions declined for the Omaha Guide thereafter, as the African American community of Omaha was largely satisfied with other newspapers, including the Omaha Star and the Omaha World-Herald. The final issue was printed on March 15, 1958. After the paper folded, the only remaining black newspaper for Omaha was the Omaha Star.
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
African-American history in Omaha, Nebraska
African-American newspapers
African-American newspapers published in Omaha, Nebraska
Defunct newspapers published in Nebraska
USS Tomahawk is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:
laid down under Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1267) on 1 June 1943.
laid down in January 1966 at Marinette, Wisconsin.
United States Navy ship names
Senator Linthicum may refer to:
Dennis Linthicum (born 1950s), Oregon State Senate
John Charles Linthicum (1867–1932), Maryland State Senate
Agnes Nandutu is a female Ugandan journalist, politician and Minister in charge of Karamoja. In 2020 she participated in the National Resistance Movement Party primaries which she lost to incumbent Woman MP Justin Khainza, and in the 2021 general election, running as an independent, she was elected Women's Representative for Bududa District.
Career
Nandutu was born in Bududa District, Uganda. She was a senior political reporter at NTV Uganda. Nandutu was also a moderator and a speaker for NTV citizen debate show called "The People's Parliament." She served as the president of the Parliamentary Journalist's Association from 2011 to 2016. She scripts and narrates the Popular satire Friday segment called Point Blank on NTV Uganda. In 2011, she received a Christmas gift from The Observer for her NTV show, Point Blank.
Background and education
Nandutu belongs to the Bantu ethnic group who are the Gisu people. Nandutu attended Bumwali primary school for her elementary education, she then joined Bbulo girls secondary and later Blucheke secondary school for her high school education. In 1997, she joined Radio Uganda as a reporter. Later, she pursued a diploma in Journalism at Uganda Institute of Journalism and Media studies. She worked at Daily Monitor as a freelance reporter. Between 2002 and 2008, Nandutu worked at Impact FM as a staff reporter before she joined NTV Uganda.
Other controversies
In 2017, Nandutu was denied accreditation to cover the Ugandan parliament by the organization's communications director.
In 2020 during the parliamentary campaigns, Nandutu was tasked to present her husband, something she didn't do and instead asked the electorate over the radio to find her a suitor and implored them to focus on effective representation instead of marriage. the marriage issue was contentious in the public. Nandutu self confessed that she is a mother of seven children though she wished not to divulge more details about it while on an interview with the observer newspaper.
See also
Bududa District
References and Links
Living people
Ugandan journalists
Ugandan women journalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Bududa District
Members of the Parliament of Uganda
Women members of the Parliament of Uganda
Independent politicians in Uganda
21st-century Ugandan politicians
21st-century Ugandan women politicians
Delphus E. Carpenter (1877–1951) was the Commissioner of Interstate Streams for the State of Colorado at a time when Western States' water rights were becoming a legal battleground, and became the primary driver behind the Colorado River Compact of 1922.
Carpenter was raised on an irrigated farm in northern Colorado, where water was a precious resource. In 1899 after graduation from the University of Denver Law School, he went into practice in his hometown, serving community water-related legal needs. From 1909–1913, Carpenter served as a state senator representing his home district. When the Greeley-Poudre Irrigation District constructed a tunnel to divert water from Wyoming's Laramie River, Carpenter became lead counsel in the Wyoming vs. Colorado lawsuit that resulted, twice arguing the case before the U.S. Supreme Court. As the issue of water as a state resource grew, Carpenter conceived the idea of the legal compact as an out-of-court solution to the West's water conflicts, invoking the Compact Clause of the U.S. Constitution. The interstate water compacts Carpenter helped develop, particularly the 1922 Colorado River Compact, without which Hoover Dam would not have been built, form an enduring legacy.
A book about Carpenter's life and career was published in 2003. His papers have been preserved at Colorado State University's Morgan Library in Fort Collins, Colorado.
Personal
Carpenter was born May 13, 1877, at Greeley, Weld County, Colorado. He was a first generation descendant of original settlers of the 1870 Union Colony of Colorado. Carpenter married Michaela Hogarty in 1901. He suffered from Parkinson's disease, which eventually left him bedridden from 1933 until his death on February 27, 1951, at Greeley.
References
1877 births
1951 deaths
University of Denver alumni
Brian Ion Duerden (born 1948) is a British microbiologist.
Duerden graduated from the University of Edinburgh in 1972, subsequently lecturing in bacteriology there. He then lectured at the University of Sheffield, where he was appointed Professor of Medical Microbiology in 1983, and became consultant microbiologist to Sheffield Children's Hospital.
In 1991, he moved to Cardiff University as Professor of Medical Microbiology and Director of the Public Health Laboratory, rising in 1995 to become Deputy Director and Medical Director of the Public Health Laboratory Service (PHLS) in England and Wales, its director from August 2002, until it was merged into the Health Protection Agency.
He became Inspector of Microbiology and Infection Control at the Department of Health in 2004.
He was Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Medical Microbiology from 1982 until 2002.
He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours, "For services to Medicine and to Charity".
References
External links
1948 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British microbiologists
Academic journal editors
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Sheffield
Academics of Cardiff University
Rameshwari may refer to:
Talluri Rameshwari, Indian actress from Andhra Pradesh
Rameshwari Nehru, Indian social worker who married into the Nehru family
Rameshwari Photocopy Service shop copyright case
Yuvir Pillay (born 15 July 1989), better known by his stage name Sketchy Bongo, is a South African record producer, DJ and songwriter from Durban. Bongo has worked with artists such as AKA, Da Les, Shekhinah and Aewon Wolf. His signature is the ski mask that he is constantly seen wearing. Bongo is also the only South African producer to have his own feature on MTV Base. Together with Shekinah, the two created the hit "Let You Know", which got Bongo a record deal with Ultra Music and Sony Music.
Life and career
Yuvir Pillay grew up in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. He started producing music from the age of 13. He started off producing mainly hip-hop music, and was influenced by producers like Pharrell Williams and Kanye West. He thereafter moved on to producing house and pop music as well.
Sketchy is part of a group called Wolf Pack, which consists of a group of producers, artists, graphic designers, rappers and kwaito artists. Wolf Pack includes other notable artists such as Aewon Wolf and Kyle Duetsch.
Sketchy's hit collaboration with Shekhinah, "Let You Know", made the BBC radio 1 playlist in the UK. This track turned out to be his big break, and got him his record deal with Ultra Music.
Discography
Singles
"Trill" (2014) - Sketchy Bongo ft. HBK & Manon
"Noises" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Ameen Harron & Sheen Skaiz
"Back To The Beach" (2015) - Shekhinah and Kyle Deutsch ft Sketchy Bongo
"Wild Side" (2016) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Kyle Deutsh & Aewon Wolf
"Falling" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Michelle Ostler
"Shotgun" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Aewon Wolf & Sheen Skaiz
"The Bridge" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Aewon Wolf & Plastic Shadows
"#Dip" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Kyle Deutsh & Aewon Wolf
"Sunlight" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Kyle Deutsh
"The Struggle" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Aewon Wolf
"Paul Walker" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo
"Sniff Sniff" (2015) - Sketchy Bongo
"All About It" (2016) - Sketchy Bongo and Jimmy Nevis
"Cold Shoulder" (2016) - Sketchy Bongo & Locnville
"Let You Know" (2016) - Sketchy Bongo & Shekhinah
"Inside My Head" (2016) - Sketchy Bongo & Danny K
"Moving On" (2017) - Noma Idols ft. Sketchy Bongo
"Just Hang On" (2019) - Sketchy Bongo and Shenfm
"On Fire" (2019) - Sketchy Bongo ft. Yashna
Albums
Unmasked (2017)
Dream Lab 9 (2018)
References
1989 births
Living people
People from KwaZulu-Natal
South African record producers
South African people of Indian descent
Musicians from Durban
Ultra Records artists
Ebrahimabad (, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 231, in 52 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Wélton Araújo Melo (born April 17, 1975 in Cambuci, Rio de Janeiro) is a former Brazilian footballer who played professionally as either a forward or midfielder in South America, Europe and the United States, including five seasons in Major League Soccer.
Club career
In 1994, Welton began his professional career with Fluminense. In 1996, Major League Soccer invited him to a tryout where he was offered an MLS contract. The league then assigned him to the New England Revolution, where he was a 1996 MLS All Star. On March 10, 1997, New England traded Welton to the Los Angeles Galaxy for the Galaxy's first round pick in the 1998 MLS Supplemental Draft. On June 1, 1999, the Galaxy traded Welton to the MetroStars in exchange for Roy Myers. Later that day, the MetroStars sent Welton, Eric Wynalda and Arley Palacios to the Miami Fusion. In April 2001, Welton moved to the Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the USL A-League. In 2002, he played for Paraná and in 2003, he was with and Fredrikstad FK in Norway. On April 4, 2004, Welton moved to the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division.
Melo currently resides in the Seattle area and plays on a local team.
International career
Welton played once for the Brazil youth team at the 1995 Pan American Games, against Bermuda.
Honors
Individual
MLS All-Star: 1996
References
External links
CBF
Profile at seattlesounders
1975 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Fluminense FC players
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo footballers
America Football Club (RJ) players
New England Revolution players
LA Galaxy players
Miami Fusion players
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
Paraná Clube players
Seattle Sounders (1994–2008) players
Norwegian First Division players
USL First Division players
Major League Soccer players
Fredrikstad FK players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (state)
Major League Soccer All-Stars
Brazil youth international footballers
USL A-League players
New England Revolution draft picks
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Reparagen is a joint health product that scientists at Albany Medical College ran clinical trials on to test the theory that the combination of Uncaria guianensis and Lepidium meyenii can turn on Insulin-like growth factor
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
James Herbert Beetham (1909 – April 1992) was an English billiards player and soft drink manufacturer. He won the 1960 World Amateur Billiards Championship which also marked the pinnacle of his career. Beetham was regarded as one of the three main pillars of English amateur billiards alongside Frank Edwards and Leslie Driffield.
Personal life
He was married to Florence Maud Beetham until her death in December 1975 and he had a son Philip and daughter Sheila.
Biography
His father James Henry and mother Mary Jane Beetham ran family business which was into manufacturing and selling mineral water. His family moved to Normanton where he spent most of his life. His birthplace, 80 Havelock Road was eventually the factory house of White Brothers family business.
Beetham had not started playing the sport of billiards seriously until the age of 19 although he started playing billiards around the age of 14. He began playing on a quarter sized table in the attic at his home. None of his family members was involved in any sport but his father James Henry was interested in billiards.
Career
Beetham ran the family business White Brothers mineral water manufacturing company in Derby taking over from his parents and also became a prominent successful businessman. Despite being a full-time businessman, he pursued his interest of playing billiards mostly considering it as a time pass and hobby. In one of the interviews, he insisted that billiards was always his hobby and never considered it as a his job. He also pointed out that if he had considered billiards as a profession he should have spent huge amount of pounds to play in club level.
He started playing billiards at St. Thomas's Church Institute in the Derby Institute League until 1960 before it was disbanded. He later joined the Walbrook Institute to continue his passion towards playing billiards.
He entered the England Amateur Billiards Championship in the 1932-33 season and he reached his maiden English Amateur Billiards Championship final in 1936 and lost the final to Joe Thompson by 30 points. During the 1936 English Amateur Billiards Championship, he made a record break under the new 15 hazard limits of 266. He was set to take part at the 1942 English Amateur Billiards Championship but the tournament was called off due to World War II and he was sent back home. He joined the Burton Fire Brigade in 1942 temporarily and served as a firefighter. He was notably one of the firefighters who arrived at the scene early during the RAF Fauld explosion which happened on 27 November 1944 at the RAF Fauld underground munitions storage depot in Staffordshire.
He also reached English Amateur Billiards Championship final in 1946 which was also his post-war final but eventually lost to Manchester's Mendel Showman. In the 1952 English Amateur Championship final against Leslie Driffield he was leading with 98 points when Leslie's came off and had to use his reserve cue. In the first six using the reserve cue Leslie scored a total of only 31 points, compared to his average score per visit of 36.4 in the previous session. Beetham increased his lead to 271, but Driffield fought back, with the help of a 142 break, to be 174 behind at the end of that session. At the end of the match, Driffield was adjudged as the winner by 101 points, 2,894–2,793. He also lost the 1959 English Amateur Billiards Championship final, which was his fourth defeat in as many finals.
After being at the receiving end in four English Amateur Billiards Championship finals, Beetham finally broke the shackles by winning his maiden English Amateur Billiards Championship title in 1960 following a comfortable victory over Reg Wright in the final. He also ended the 24 year wait of registering a major Amateur Billiards Championship. During the 1960 tournament, where he clinched his maiden English Amateur title he averaged with a score of 21 in the tournament although he was on the receiving end in several occasions with such a score.
He also qualified to compete at the 1960 World Amateur Billiards Championship following his triumph at the 1960 English Amateur Billiards Championship. After his triumph at the 1960 English Amateur Billiards Championship, six months later he became the amateur world champion. He defeated Australia's Jim Long in the 1960 World Amateur Championship which was held in Edinburgh. It was his first World Amateur Championship title win as he remained undefeated during the course of the tournament. However, he couldn't defend his world title two years later at the 1962 World Amateur Championship which was held in Perth, Australia. He also won the English Amateur Billiards Championship titles in 1961 and 1962, making it as Hat-trick of titles in English Amateur Championship. He was regarded as a prominent billiards player during the post World War years.
He remained as an amateur billiards player throughout his career without attempting to enter the professional level and instead continued his soft drink manufacturing business from where he left off with his son Philip Beetham. Beetham also served as a founder member and the first President of Derbyshire Billiards and Snooker Association. He too served as Derbyshire's representative of the Billiards and Snooker Control Council.
Death
Beetham died in April 1992 due to cancer at the age of 82 in Derby.
References
1909 births
1992 deaths
English players of English billiards
British firefighters
World champions in English billiards
Sportspeople from Derby
20th-century English businesspeople
Deaths from cancer in England
The 2019 Atlantic Coast Conference women's soccer season was the 31st season of women's varsity soccer in the conference.
The North Carolina Tar Heels were the defending regular season champions. The Florida State Seminoles were the defending ACC tournament champions.
Teams
Stadiums and locations
1. Georgia Tech does not sponsor women's soccer
Coaches
Coaching changes
Pre-Season
Boston College's coach Allison Foley resigned on December 12, 2018, citing the desire to pursue other opportunities. Jason Lowe was named as her replacement on January 9, 2019.
Syracuse coach Phil Wheddon resigned on October 26, 2018, citing the desire to pursue other opportunities. Nicky Adams was hired as his replacement on February 25, 2019.
Head Coaching Records
Notes
Records shown are prior to the 2019 season
Years at school includes the 2019 season
Pre-season
Hermann Trophy Watchlist
The ACC had 12 players named to the MAC Hermann Trophy preseason watch list.
Pre-season poll
The 2019 ACC Preseason Poll was being announced on August 8, 2019. The defending regular season champions, North Carolina were voted to repeat their regular season crown. Florida State was voted in second place, even though they received two more first place votes than North Carolina. The leagues 14 head coaches also voted on a preseason All-ACC team. Full results for the coaches poll and preseason team are shown below.
Pre-season coaches poll
Source:
Pre-season All-ACC Team
Source:
Regular season
Conference matrix
The table below shows head-to-head results between teams in conference play. Each team plays 10 matches. Each team does not play every other team.
Rankings
United Soccer
Top Drawer Soccer
Players of the Week
Postseason
ACC tournament
NCAA tournament
Awards and honors
All-Americans
ACC Awards
Source:
2020 NWSL Draft
References
The history of the highest point in France consists of expeditions to survey the highest summits in France and changes in the highest point of France due to territorial transfers.
Expedition on the mont Pelvoux (1828)
In 1828, an expedition led by captain Durand is in charge of checking that the mont Pelvoux is the highest point of the massif des Écrins in the French Alps. They reached the pointe Durand, at 3932m, called at that time pic de la Pyramide, and they realised that the pic des Écrins, which is now called Barre des Écrins, is higher.
Savoy annexion
With the Treaty of Turin in 1860, which expanded French Territory (by adding the Duchies of Savoy and Nice), the highest point becomes Mont Blanc, 4810m.
References
Alistair Daniel Brammer (born 12 November 1988) is an English actor best known for playing Jean Prouvaire in both the 2010 special Les Misérables: 25th Anniversary Concert and the 2012 musical film Les Misérables. Brammer performed as 'Chris' in the Miss Saigon 25th anniversary performance.
Originally from Exmouth, Devon, Brammer is the youngest of seven children. In 2005, he was one of 35 students from around England chosen to participate in the 20th anniversary celebration of Les Misérables at Queen's Theatre in the West End. In 2008, while a student at Exeter College, he competed in Any Dream Will Do, and made it to the final 20 contestants, although he was not selected to be on the show. However, Any Dream Will Do judge Bill Kenwright asked him to appear in the 2008–2009 UK tour of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, where he played Zebulon and understudied both Benjamin and Joseph.
In 2009, he made his West End debut as Marius in Les Miserables, where he spent 18 months in the role. He said of Les Mis, "I should be sick to death of the show, but I can't get over it. It's my favourite." He also played the role of Jean Prouvaire in the Les Misérables 25th Anniversary Concert at The O2 on 3 October 2010.
He also appeared as Walter and understudied Claude in a European tour of Hair, before he was cast as Jean Prouvaire in the 2012 film Les Misérables. Since that time, he also appeared as Billy in the 2012 revival of Taboo at the Brixton Clubhouse, and until 15 March 2014 was playing Billy and understudying Albert in the West End production of War Horse.
On 21 November 2013, it was announced that he would be starring as Chris in the West End revival of Miss Saigon. Previews began on 3 May 2014. He revived his role as Chris in the Broadway revival of Miss Saigon which began previews on 1 March 2017. He remained with the Broadway revival until its closing on 14 January 2018.
On 5 December 2015, Brammer made his first appearance as Jack Diamond, the receptionist, in Casualty.
In December 2016, Brammer played the role of Oliver in the Finale special of Vicious. Oliver served as main characters Freddie and Stuart's brand-new upstairs neighbour following the departure of Oliver's flat's previous occupant Ash (Iwan Rheon), whom Freddie and Stuart were close to.
From 22 July 2019, Brammer will play the role of Fiyero in the West End production of Wicked.
Filmography
Film & Television
Theatre credits
References
External links
English male film actors
People from Exmouth
1988 births
Living people
English male musical theatre actors
Musicians from Devon
Male actors from Devon
21st-century English male actors
Emil Julius Carl Kessler (20 August 1813 - 16 March 1867) was a German businessman and founder of the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen ('Esslingen Engineering Works').
Biography
Kessler was born in Baden-Baden, attended school there and later studied constructional and mechanical engineering in Karlsruhe. In 1837 he founded an engineering works with Theodor Martiensen in Karlsruhe, where tools, small machines and railway equipment were manufactured. In 1840/1841 the Royal Württemberg Railway Commission tendered for railway construction and the production of rolling stock to pave the way for the Royal Württemberg State Railways (Königlich Württembergische Staats-Eisenbahnen). Kessler's bid was successful and in 1841 he built his first steam locomotive, the Badenia for the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railway (Großherzoglich Badische Staatsbahn).
From 1842 Kessler was the sole owner of the new firm Kesslers Maschinenfabrik ('Kessler's Engineering Works'). In 1848 it was converted into a public limited company, but liquidated on 30 October 1851 and acquired in 1852 by the Baden government. One year later he founded a new company under the name of Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Karlsruhe ('Karlsruhe Engineering Works'), that again took up locomotive building and delivered its first engine in 1854. Because Württemberg also wanted to have its own production facility for the emerging railways, Emil Kessler founded the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen that delivered its first engine in 1847.
Emil Kessler died on 16 March 1867 in Esslingen am Neckar from a heart attack.
Literature
Max Mayer: "Lokomotiven, Wagen und Bergbahnen - Geschichtliche Entwicklung in der Maschinenfabrik Eßlingen seit dem Jahre 1846", VDI-Verlag G.M.B.H. Berlin SW 19, 1924
Ludwig Keßler: "Aus den Anfängen der Maschinenfabrik Eßlingen. Emil Keßler, sein Leben sein Werk". Erinnerungsschrift zur 125. Wiederkehr des Geburtstags von Emil Keßler, 1938
People from Baden-Baden
1813 births
1867 deaths
German railway mechanical engineers
German railway entrepreneurs
German railway pioneers
Engineers from Baden-Württemberg
Colonești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Călini, Colonești, Poiana, Satu Nou, Spria, Valea Mare and Zăpodia.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Facundo Jeremías Guichón Sisto (born 8 February 1991), is an Uruguayan footballer who plays as a left winger for Guayaquil City F.C. in the Liga PRO Ecuador.
Club career
Born in Florida, Guichón graduated with Peñarol's youth setup, and was promoted to the main squad in 2010, aged 19. He made his first-team debut on 15 May 2011, replacing injured Jonathan Urretavizcaya in a 1–4 home loss against River Plate for the Uruguayan Primera División championship.
Guichón subsequently served loan stints at Racing Montevideo and El Tanque Sisley, appearing sparingly in both clubs. On 1 September 2014 he signed for Spanish Segunda División side AD Alcorcón.
On 7 July 2015 Guichón rescinded his contract with the Madrid outfit, and moved to fellow league team Deportivo Alavés six days later, after agreeing to a two-year deal. Mainly used as a substitute, he contributed with 30 appearances and one goals as his side returned to La Liga after a ten-year absence.
On 22 July 2016, Guichón signed a one-year contract with UCAM Murcia CF, still in the second division. On 21 December, after appearing rarely, he rescinded his contract.
Guichón left Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho by mutual consent in July 2017.
Guichón is currently playing for Colombian club Independiente Santa Fe since the start of the 2018-II season with 2 goals so far.
Honours
Peñarol
Uruguayan Primera División: 2012–13
Alavés
Segunda División: 2015–16
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Florida Department
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Association football wingers
Peñarol players
Racing Club de Montevideo players
Rampla Juniors players
El Tanque Sisley players
AD Alcorcón footballers
Deportivo Alavés players
UCAM Murcia CF players
UE Costa Brava players
Deportes Iquique footballers
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho players
Alki Oroklini players
Guayaquil City F.C. footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Uruguayan Primera División players
Segunda División B players
Segunda División players
Veikkausliiga players
Categoría Primera A player
Cypriot Second Division players
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Manuel Sanroma (1977–1999) was a Spanish racing cyclist.
In late 1998 he became a stagaire in the Estepona team, winning three stages in the Tour of Venezuela. In 1999 he joined the Fuenlabrada team. In a stage in the Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana, he beat Mario Cipollini in the sprint.
He also won stages in the Volta ao Alentejo and the Tour of Asturias. In the Volta a Catalunya he started as a favorite for the second stage, but one kilometre before the finish in Vilanova i Geltru he fell head first on the curb stone. He died in an ambulance on his way to the hospital.
The only victory of the Fuenlabrada team that year after Sanroma's death was a stage win of Saúl Morales in the Tour of Venezuela. A year later, Saúl Morales died as well during an in-race accident.
References
1977 births
1999 deaths
Spanish male cyclists
Cyclists who died while racing
Sport deaths in Spain
Sportspeople from the Province of Ciudad Real
Robert Pintenat (1 May 1948 – 22 August 2008) was a French professional footballer who played as a striker. His clubs notably included Sochaux, Nancy and Toulouse. He won three caps for France.
He also had a career in management, including a spell as manager of the Gabon national football team.
He died in August 2008 following a long illness.
External links
Photo
Short bio
1948 births
2008 deaths
French footballers
France international footballers
FC Rouen players
Red Star F.C. players
Nîmes Olympique players
FC Sochaux-Montbéliard players
AS Nancy Lorraine players
Toulouse FC players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
French football managers
Association football forwards
AC Avignonnais players
AC Avigonnnais managers
Fuji (AGB-5001) was an icebreaker of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) in the mid-1960s. She is now a museum ship in Nagoya.
Construction and career
Fuji was laid down on 28 August 1964 and launched on 18 March 1965 by the Nippon Kokan Yokohama Shipyard. She was commissioned on 15 July 1965 and was homeported in Yokosuka.
On November 20, 1965, she left Tokyo at Harumi Pier and received a container containing messages and newspapers dropped by the 1st Fleet Air Corps P2V-7 on the southeastern sea of Amami Oshima. During the voyage, while conducting departmental training, an offshore memorial service was held off the coast of the Philippines for the war dead of World War II. On December 5, she called at Fremantle. During the port call, maintenance, supply, rest and goodwill events were carried out, and the ship departed on the 11th. On the 17th, it passed 55 ° S and entered the Antarctic Circle. On the 20th, the rust prevention of the aircraft was released, and on the 27th, the drift ice margining off Syowa Station and the entry into the drift ice area began. It reached 31 degrees 38 nautical miles of fast ice from Syowa Station on the 30th, and started full-scale air transportation on January 3, 1966, and Syowa Station was reopened on the 20th. From the 25th, in parallel with air transportation, we entered the inner part of Luzoholm Bay, and on the 27th, we berthed at Syowa Station, landed snowmobiles and large supplies, and completed the transportation of all 435 tons of supplies. February 1 The 7th Wintering Corps was established. On the same day, Fuji left Syowa Station, left the drift ice edge on the 2nd, visited the Soviet Union's base on the 3rd, met with the Obi on the same day, departed from the base on the 6th, started westbound, and left the Lower Board One base in Belgium on the 10th. Visited, left Antarctica on the 13th and headed for Cape Town. Passing 55 ° S on the 18th, arriving in Cape Town on the 24th, departing on March 3, arriving in Colombo on the 19th, departing on the 23rd. Returned to Tokyo Harumi Pier on April 8. She was on the expedition for 140 days.
On July 3, 1978, she participated in the launching ceremony of the Souya. On December 31 of the same year, during the 29th Red and White Song Battle, a phone call was made inside the Fuji before Hachiro Kasuga sang goodbye.
On November 25, 1982, after receiving Souya'''s whistle in front of the Museum of Maritime Science, she was sent to Shirase and the 37th Escort Flotilla (Ayase and Chitose) who took office on November 12 in Tokyo Bay and went to the last Antarctic line. This was the first mission of Shirase's self-defense ship. In December 1982, she was ranked 12th in the world in of icebreakers in the world as stipulated by Canadian regulations.
On April 20, 1983, with the voyage to Harumi Wharf, the role of the Antarctic research ship was transferred to Shirase, and the role of the second generation Antarctic research ship was completed.
The number of days of action was 2,869, the number of transport personnel was 800, the transport volume was 8,529.5 tons, and the number of charges in the ice sea was 23,416.Fuji was larger than its predecessor Sōya'' and had better icebreaking performance, but suffered many difficulties during the harsh Antarctic research mission. From the 7th to the 11th, we succeeded in berthing in a row, but on the return trip of the 11th action, after the accident of total breakage of 4 right propulsion wings, aging began to appear, and after that, we berthed at Syowa Station. Became only the 19th observation, and stayed at berthing 6 times out of 18 times, but even if he could not berth, he acted as planned and completed the mission.
Gallery
Citations
Ships built in Japan
1965 ships
Ships of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force
Icebreakers of Japan
Auxiliary ships of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force
Japanese Antarctic Program
Museum ships in Japan
The Thomas-Morse MB-3 was an open-cockpit biplane fighter primarily manufactured by the Boeing Company for the U.S. Army Air Service in 1922. The MB-3A was the mainstay fighter for the Air Service between 1922 and 1925.
Development
In March 1918, the United States Army Air Service requested several American aircraft manufacturers to design a new fighter, to be powered by a water-cooled Wright-Hispano H, a license-built Hispano-Suiza 8, to replace the French-built SPAD XIII. The Thomas-Morse Aircraft Corporation of Ithaca, New York proposed the MB-3, designed by its British-born chief designer B. Douglas Thomas, to meet this requirement, with an order for four prototypes being placed in September 1918.
The MB-3 was a single seat two-bay biplane of similar layout to the SPAD XIII that it was intended to replace. It was of wood and fabric construction with a fixed conventional landing gear. Powerplant was the expected Wright-Hispano water-cooled V-8 engine driving a two-bladed propeller and cooled by a radiator mounted on the center-section of the upper wing. The pilot sat in an open cockpit under a cut-out in the upper wing, with two 0.30 in Marlin machine-guns mounted ahead of the pilot.
The first MB-3 made its maiden flight on 21 February 1919. Testing showed that the fighter had good performance and handled well, but the cockpit was cramped and gave a poor view for the pilot. The prototypes were plagued with fuel leaks and suffered serious engine vibration, while maintenance was difficult, often requiring holes to be cut in the fuselage structure to allow access. Despite these problems, the Air Service was sufficiently impressed with the MB-3 to place an order for 50 aircraft with Thomas-Morse in June 1920.
The Air Service had a requirement for more fighters, and issued a request for tenders for a further 200 of a modified version of the MB-3, the MB-3A, which incorporated a number of changes developed by the Air Service as a result of testing at McCook Field, including a stronger structure and replacing the wing-mounted radiator with ones on each side of the fuselage in-line with the cockpit. Thomas-Morse was confident in winning orders for the MB-3A, investing in the necessary jigs for such a large production order, but was heavily underbid by Boeing, whose mass production methods allowed it to profit while still charging a lower price (in the case of the MB-3A, $7,240 per copy), saving almost half a million dollars over the 200 aircraft contract, awarded on 21 April 1921. Boeing credits this contract with rescuing the company from financial difficulties following the cancellation of orders after World War I, and with being the impetus for its rise as a premier manufacturer of military aircraft.
Thomas-Morse did manage to win a contract for 12 MB-3s for the US Marine Corps in May 1921, with the order later being changed to substitute two MB-7 racing aircraft, a MB-3 with the biplane wings replaced by parasol wings, for two MB-3s, with a further MB-3 purchased when one of the MB-7s crashed. Additionally, the Army ordered three MB-6, another racing version of the MB-3 with shorter span wings and a more powerful engine in May 1921.
Operational history
Two of the prototypes were entered in the 1920 Pulitzer Trophy race, with one finishing in second place behind the Verville VCP-R, completing the course in an average speed of . Completed MB-3s started to roll out of Thomas-Morse's factory in April 1921, but deliveries were delayed by an accident during testing when an MB-3 lost a section of the upper wing during diving tests, this causing the type to be grounded while the accident was investigated.
The 1st Pursuit Group began to receive MB-3s in January 1922, supplementing its elderly SPADs and S.E.5as. In service, the new type was troublesome, being unreliable (over a ten-day test period in May 1922, the number of serviceable MB-3s dropped from 20 out of 36 to just 3) and continuing to suffer the vibration problems encountered by the prototypes, eventually traced to the rigid engine mount.
The first delivery of the improved MB-3As took place on 29 July 1922, with the last aircraft delivered on 27 December that year. The last 50 MB-3As were fitted with larger tail surfaces. As well as allowing re-equipment of the four squadrons of the 1st Pursuit Group, the MB-3As were issued to a number of overseas squadrons, equipping two squadrons on Hawaii, one in the Philippines and one in the Panama Canal Zone.
From 1926, the MB-3A started to be replaced by the Curtiss PW-8 and Boeing PW-9 fighters. A number of aircraft were refurbished and used as MB-3M advanced trainers at Kelly Field, remaining in use until 1929.
The Marine Corps took delivery of its MB-3s in February–March 1922, but the type was unpopular with the Marines, being withdrawn from use in July that year and sold back to the Army for use as MB-3M trainers.
Variants
MB-3 Thomas-Morse built aircraft. 65 built. (Four prototypes, 50 production for Army Air Service and 11 for US Marine Corps.)
MB-3A 200 built by Boeing with a revised cooling system.
MB-3M MB-3As relegated to advanced training duties.
Operators
United States Army Air Service
United States Marine Corps
Specifications (MB-3A)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Angelucci, Enzo and Peter M. Bowers. The American Fighter. Sparkford, UK: Haynes, 1987. .
Bowers, Peter M. Boeing Aircraft since 1916. London: Putnam, 1989. .
Dorr, Robert F. and David Donald. Fighters of the United States Air Force. London:Temple Press/Aerospace, 1990. .
Green, William and Gordon Swanborough. The Complete Book of Fighters. New York, Smithmark, 1994. .
Pelletier, Alain J. "Made in America: Thomas Morse MB-3 and Boeing MB-3A". Air Enthusiast, No. 131, September/October 2007. pp. 46–51.
Swanborough, F.G. and Peter M. Bowers. United States Military Aircraft since 1909. London: Putnam, 1963.
Wegg, John. General Dynamics Aircraft and their Predecessors, London: Putnam, 1990. .
External links
1910s United States fighter aircraft
Thomas-Morse aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1919
Lawrence Edward Eschen (September 22, 1920 – June 9, 2015) was a Major League Baseball infielder who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics. He was born in Suffern, New York. He batted and threw right-handed. Eschen had no hits in 11 at-bats, in 12 games, with four walks. His father, Jim, also played in Major League Baseball, with the Cleveland Indians.
See also
List of second-generation Major League Baseball players
External links
Larry Eschen's obituary
1920 births
2015 deaths
Major League Baseball infielders
Baseball players from New York (state)
Philadelphia Athletics players
People from Suffern, New York
Lancaster Red Roses players
Binghamton Triplets players
Utica Braves players
Schenectady Blue Jays players
Baron William de Gelsey of Gelse and Beliscse (17 December 1921, Vienna – 26 February 2021, London), internationally known as William de Gelsey, was a British banker and economist of Hungarian origin. He was a chief adviser of the Board of Directors of UniCredit CAIB Securities and chairman of the board of directors at the pharmaceutical company Richter Gedeon Nyrt.
Family background
De Gelsey was the son of Dr. Henrik de Gelsey (1890–†?), lawyer and landowner, and Marguerite Lieser, a scion of the Baron Gutmann family of Gelse and Beliscse. His mother was Austrian. His father's family lost their Croatian estates after the First World War. His paternal great-grandfather, Henrik Gutmann (1805–1890) of Gelse, was the president of the Nagykanizsa Savings Bank, founder and president of the Nagykanizsa Trade and Industry Bank shareholders' association, a citizen of Nagykanizsa, who was granted nobility and the noble predicate of Gelse from King Franz Joseph I of Hungary on 26 December 1869; his paternal great-grandmother was Nanette Strasser (1819–1878). His paternal grandfather, Baron Vilmos Gutmann of Gelse and Beliscse (1847–1921), a resident of Nagykanizsa, was appointed a royal councillor on 25 February 1882 and was subsequently granted the rank of Baron as well as the predicate of Beliscse on 16 September 1904. In 1895, the generous Vilmos Gutmann of Gelse established the 'Vilmos Gutmann of Gelse Scholarship Foundation', which was intended for untiring students of exemplary conduct at the main grammar school of Nagykanizsa. Baron William de Gelsey's paternal grandmother, was the noble Krausz Rozália of Megyer (1854–1932). His maternal great-grandfather, Krausz Mayer (1809–1894), was a landowner and distiller, who had been granted nobility and the noble predicate of megyeri by the King on 3 September 1882. Baron William de Gelsey's aunt was Baroness Lilly Amália Gutmann of Gelse and Beliscse (1882–1954), whose husband, Baron Iván Skerlecz of Lomnica (1873–1951), was the Ban of Croatia-Slavonia.
Career
After studying at the Royal Catholic University High School in Budapest, he followed in his father's footsteps to obtain an MA in Natural Sciences from Trinity College, Cambridge. At that time he wanted to be a chemist.
After gaining experience at Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI), he turned to management consulting when it became apparent that as a Hungarian he had little chance of becoming head of the international division. In 1960 he turned to investment banking. First as managing director of Hill Samuel & Co, he later became managing director and then vice-chairman of Orion Royal Bank, a major international consortium (NatWest/Chase/WestLB/Royal Bank of Canada/Credito Italiano/Mitsubishi Tr). Gelsey's nickname at Orion was Wandervogel, 'world traveller'.
He visited Hungary only twice during the communism. In 1974, he represented Orion Royal Bank at the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Hungarian National Bank.
In 1988 he moved to Vienna, where he became an adviser to what is now UniCredit Bank (formerly Creditanstalt).
The Hungarian subsidiary of Creditanstalt acted as the advisor to the privatisation of Gedeon Richter after which, in 1995 Gelsey was elected as a member of the Richter board. Four years later, he became chairman of the board, a position he has held ever since 2011.
Charitable works
Together with his brother Alexander de Gelsey, they played an instrumental role in returning the more than 300-year-old Royal University Catholic High School (which was closed in 1948) to its original building. It took three years of litigation to get the building back from the capital's municipality. The brothers set up the Catholic University High School Foundation, which contributed more than 100 million forints to the modernisation of the building. William de Gelsey personally secured the application for the 'EEA and Norwegian Financial Mechanisms' tender as well as co-financed 15% of the project (€150,000).
Honours and awards
Arms
References
1921 births
2021 deaths
Hungarian emigrants
Hungarian businesspeople
Businesspeople from Vienna
Hungarian nobility
Gelsey, William de
Place Ravezies – Le Bouscat tram stop is located online of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation
The stations are located close to the Place Ravezies.
Junctions
SNCF
Ravezies station: TER Bordeaux St Jean – Pauillac – Le Verdon-sur-Mer
TBC Network
Réseau -Bus-
Trans Gironde Network
Close by
Place Ravezies
Gare Ravezies
Institut Technologique Forêt Cellulose Bois-construction Ameublement
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Tram stops in Bordeaux
Tram stops in Le Bouscat
Railway stations in France opened in 2008
The 2000–01 Australian Figure Skating Championships was held in Bibra Lake from 29 July through 5 August 2000. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including senior, junior, novice, adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of primary and intermediate.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Ice dancing
External links
results
2000 in figure skating
2001 in figure skating
Fig
Fig
Australian Figure Skating Championships
KRET-CD, virtual channel 45 (UHF digital channel 31), is a low-powered, Class A Heroes & Icons-affiliated television station licensed to Cathedral City, California, United States. Founded January 24, 1996, the station is owned by Charles R. Meeker.
History
The FCC granted an original construction permit to Charles R. Meeker on January 24, 1996, to build a low-power television station on UHF channel 45 to serve Cathedral City and Palm Springs, California. It was given the callsign K45ET and began broadcasting in late 1997 as an independent station. Its nickname was "Sun-TV" to represent the desert locale of the Coachella Valley. The station was licensed January 8, 1998, and took the call letters KPSP-LP one month later. In February 1999, Meeker-owned Palm Springs stations KPSP-LP and KDPX-LP switched call letters and programming (see next section), and channel 45 became Pax affiliate KDPX-LP. The station upgraded its license to Class A on September 10, 2001. In June 2005, the Pax network rebranded as i, the new name meaning "independent television" (later changed to "Ion Television"). In 2008, the call letters for the station were changed to KRET-CA. In May of that year, KRET added Retro Television Network. In 2011, KRET added MeTV to its main channel. On May 15, 2018, MeTV was replaced with Heroes & Icons.
From late July to late September 2013 due to a retransmission consent dispute between Time Warner Cable and Journal Broadcast Group's NBC affiliate KMIR-TV, that station subcontracted with KRET-CA to carry their evening newscasts during the dispute due to KRET's channel 14 position on TWC systems.
The station was issued its license for digital operation on October 8, 2014, and simultaneously changed its call sign to KRET-CD.
Station swap
When the station signed on as K45ET in late 1997, and later than KPSP-LP, it was an independent. However, in February 1999, Charles Meeker, who owned co-located UHF low-power stations on channels 45 and 58 in the Palm Springs area, switched callsigns and programming among his two stations; the Pax affiliate KDPX-LP on channel 58 became the Pax affiliate KDPX-LP on channel 45, while the independent station KPSP-LP on channel 45 became independent station KPSP-LP on channel 58. However, the licenses did not change.
Digital channels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
This TV affiliates
Antenna TV affiliates
Cathedral City, California
Mass media in Riverside County, California
RET-CD
Television channels and stations established in 1996
Low-power television stations in the United States
Heroes & Icons affiliates
Baldet is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the lava-flooded region between the craters Cori to the north, Stoney to the southwest, and the worn walled plain Minkowski to the southeast.
The rim of Baldet is low and worn, but generally retains its original circular shape. There is a slight outward bulge along the northwest rim, and the western interior wall is wider than elsewhere.
The flat, nearly featureless interior has been flooded by lava, and has a lower albedo than the surroundings giving is a darker hue. A smaller crater has broken into the eastern rim, leaving a gap where the two craters intersect that has been covered in lava. A similar-sized ghost crater lies just inside the northern rim, producing a raised ring in the crater surface. Another such formation lies just outside the southern rim of Baldet.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Baldet.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Sujjan Singh (born 12 September 1980) is an Indian professional golfer.
He turned professional in 2005 and joined the Professional Golf Tour of India, where he has two wins. In 2011 he joined the Asian Tour, and finished 32nd in the Order of Merit in his debut season to retain his card.
Singh was married to Irina Brar, a former Indian number one ladies' golfer. The couple have been separated since 2018. He is a close friend of fellow professional golfer Gurbaaz Mann. The two even formed a band together, in which Singh played drums. Sujjan was educated at Bishop Cotton School (Shimla), a prestigious boarding school. In 1998, he was the School Captain.
Professional wins (3)
Asian Development Tour wins (1)
Professional Golf Tour of India wins (2)
References
External links
Indian male golfers
Asian Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Chandigarh
1980 births
Living people
Firuz Kola or Firuz Kala () may refer to:
Firuz Kola-ye Olya (disambiguation)
Firuz Kola-ye Sofla (disambiguation)
Firuz Kola-ye Vosta
Weser was a German fishing trawler that was requisitioned in the Second World War by the Kriegsmarine for use as a vorpostenboot. She was sunk in November 1939 but was raised, repaired and returned to service. She was returned to her owners in 1941 and served until 1962, when she was scrapped.
Description
The ship was long, with a beam of . She had a depth of and a draught of . She was assessed at , . She was powered by a triple expansion steam engine, which had cylinders of , and diameter by stroke. The engine was built by Deschimag Seebeckwerft, Wesermünde, Germany. It was rated at 132nhp. It drove a single screw propeller via a low pressure turbine, double reduction gearing and a hydraulic coupling. It could propel the ship at .
History
Weser was built as yard number 616 by Deschimag Seebeckwerft, Wesermünde for the Hanseatische Hochseefischerei AG, Bremerhaven, Germany. She was launched in September 1938 and completed on 14 October. The fishing boat registration BX 267 was allocated, as were the Code Letters DOUP.
On 27 September 1939, Weser was requistioned by the Kriegsmarine for use as a vorpostenboot. She was allocated to 3 Vorpostenflotille as V 301 Weser. On 25 November, she struck a mine and sank in the Great Belt off Langeland, Denmark with the loss of seventeen lives. She was raised in December 1939, repaired and returned to service.
In December 1941, she was returned to the Hanseatische Hochseefischerei AG, with the registration PG 556. Her registration was changed to BX 348 in December 1948. She was scrapped by Eisen & Metall, Bremerhaven, West Germany in July 1962.
References
Sources
1938 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Fishing vessels of Germany
Steamships of Germany
World War II merchant ships of Germany
Auxiliary ships of the Kriegsmarine
Maritime incidents in November 1939
Fishing vessels of West Germany
Bioluminescent activated destruction or BLADe refers to a technique used to kill cancer cells.
It works by first altering the cells in an organism, once they become cancerous, to create the firefly light source luciferin and luciferase to create light. The light itself would have little effect on the cells if it wasn't for the addition of a photosensitizing agent which essentially makes the cells much more vulnerable to light. It can specifically eradicate the cancer cells with no negative side-effects to normal cells. Trials on humans have yet to be seen, although the trials on mice looked rather promising for it.
Notes
References
Zimmer, Marc; Glowing Genes: A revolution in Biotechnology
Kim, Y. R., Kim, S., Choi, J. W., Choi, S. Y., Lee, S. H., Kim, H., Hahn, S. K., Koh, G. Y., & Yun, S. H. (2015). Bioluminescence-activated deep-tissue photodynamic therapy of cancer. Theranostics, 5(8), 805–817. https://doi.org/10.7150/thno.11520
Experimental cancer treatments
The Witcher () is a six-issue comic books series, written by Maciej Parowski and illustrated by Bogusław Polch, mostly adapting Andrzej Sapkowski's early stories about The Witcher. It was released from 1993 to 1995 in the magazine published by . The comics were the first attempt to portray the Witcher universe outside the novels. While initially the series received mixed reviews, it has become more popular later, and is accepted as an important milestone in the development of the Witcher's franchise, as well as setting the visual style of the universe.
Publishing history
From 1993 to 1995, Andrzej Sapkowski's stories about The Witcher were adapted into six comic books by Maciej Parowski and Sapkowski (story) and Bogusław Polch (art). The series was released in the magazine published by .
The six albums are:
Droga bez powrotu (The Road with No Return) – Based on the short story "Droga, z której się nie wraca". Published in Komiks 8/93 (26), 1993.
Geralt – Based on the short story "Wiedźmin" ("The Witcher"). Published in Komiks 9/93 (27), 1993.
Mniejsze zło (The Lesser Evil) – Based on the short story with the same title. Published in Komiks 10/93 (28), 1993.
Ostatnie życzenie (The Last Wish) – Based on the short story with the same title. Published in Komiks 2/94 (30), 1994.
Granica możliwości (The Bounds of Reason) – Based on the short story with the same title. Published in Komiks 1/95 (31), 1995.
Zdrada (Betrayal) – Based on an "unused idea for a short story", consulted with and inspired by Sapkowski, this is the one and only original story (not based on previously published short stories). It features a young Geralt, and is set before most other works. Published in Komiks 2/95 (32), 1995.
The albums were later released in collected volumes, beginning with a two-part edition (each part collecting three albums) in 2001.
Reception
At first, the comics gained only a lackluster following and mixed reviews; it would not be until the television and video game version of the 2000s that the Witcher franchise became more widely recognized. Some blamed it for the demise of the Komiks magazine, which ceased publication in 1995, after publishing the last volume of the Witcher series. Many readers were disappointed with the art, saying that the world and characters drawn by Polch were "not as they imagined it". Technical issue with print quality and divergences from the original plot of the short stories were also criticized. Some compared the series, usually unfavorably, with the previous, well-received original series from Polch and Parowski, Funky Koval.
However, in time, the series gained a "second life", and become more positively reviewed as a pioneering endeavour—being the first visual representation of the Witcher universe—which, "while flawed, had many successful episodes and ideas". Later critics noted that much of the earlier criticism of Polch's art style was unfair, as Sapkowski's description of characters, including of Geralt of Rivia himself, were generally vague, and Polch had the difficult task to use what sparse descriptions there were and then meet the visions of the world as vividly imagined by the book readers. Polch's visual portrayal of Geralt, while initially controversial, became the basis for latter representation of him and the world of the Witcher in other media.
Significance
The comics were the first attempt to portray the Witcher universe outside the novels.
See also
The Witcher (Dark Horse Comics)
References
Polish comics titles
1993 comics debuts
The Witcher
Comics based on novels
Fantasy comics
The name Tiyamiyu is a derivative from the Yoruba word "Ti iya mi loju" which implies my mother is the greatest or dearest.
Oral traditional authority has it that the name which is similar to Tiamiyu and of the same meaning was first adopted by a male—in Iperu, Ogun state of Nigeria—whom was a pagan and upon conversion to Islam wanted a unique name but "funky".
The man named Amusan is the grandson of Bisuga (whose father was one of the earlier settlers with Akesan-Iperu), a chief of Iperu from the Amororo royal quarters in Iperu whom gave evidence during the quest for Remo independence from Ijebu ode.
It was Amusan, the grand child who was married to Sefinatu— that adopted the name Tiyamiyu., as against the Muslim variant 'Tiamiyu'
References
Yoruba given names
African given names
Clarence Victor Carnes (January 14, 1927 – October 3, 1988), known as The Choctaw Kid, was a Choctaw man best known as the youngest inmate incarcerated at Alcatraz and for his participation in the bloody escape attempt known as the "Battle of Alcatraz".
Early life
Clarence Carnes was born in Daisy, Oklahoma, the oldest of five children. He was raised in poverty, and his criminal activities began as a child, stealing candy bars from his school. He was sentenced to life imprisonment at the age of 16 for the murder of a garage attendant during an attempted hold-up. In early 1945, he escaped from the Granite Reformatory with a number of other prisoners, but was recaptured and sentenced to an additional 99 years for kidnapping a man, Jack Nance, while he was on the run. He was recaptured in April 1945 and sent to Leavenworth, but made another attempt to escape while in the custody of the United States Marshals Service and was transferred to Alcatraz along with an additional 5-year sentence. There, he was assessed by psychiatrist Romney M. Ritchey and found to have a psychopathic personality, and to be emotionally unstable with an I.Q. of 93.
Alcatraz
Carnes arrived on Alcatraz on July 6, 1945. On May 2, 1946, Carnes and five other inmates participated in a failed attempt to escape from Alcatraz which turned into the bloody "Battle of Alcatraz", so-called because three inmates and two prison officers died. After the escape failed, he was tried for murder along with the two other survivors, Sam Shockley and Miran Edgar Thompson, and was found guilty of participating in the plot. Shockley and Thompson were sentenced to death, however Carnes was not executed because he had not directly participated in the murders of the officers, instead being given a life sentence. Some corrections officers who had been taken hostage testified that he had refrained from following instructions to kill them.
Carnes remained on Alcatraz until its closure in 1963, spending most of the time there in the segregation unit. He claimed that he had received a postcard from Frank Morris and the Anglin brothers, John and Clarence, which read "Gone fishing", which was a code word that their escape had succeeded. No material evidence of such a postcard has been found.
Parole, re-incarceration, death
At the time of Carnes convictions, the federal government still had parole. Consequently, he was paroled in 1973, at the age of 46. However, Carnes's parole was revoked twice due to parole violations and he was sent back to prison with BOP# 61805-132. He died of AIDS-related complications on October 3, 1988, at the Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield, Missouri, and was buried in a paupers' grave.
In 1989, Massachusetts organized crime figure James J. "Whitey" Bulger, who had befriended Carnes while on Alcatraz, paid for his body to be exhumed and reburied on land in the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. Bulger reportedly bought a lavish $4,000 bronze casket and paid for a car to transport Carnes' remains from Missouri to Oklahoma. Carnes is buried at the Billy Cemetery in Daisy, Oklahoma.
In popular culture
Carnes' life was dramatized in the 1980 Telepictures Corporation TV movie Alcatraz: The Whole Shocking Story. The film, which aired in two 95 minute parts, starred Michael Beck as Clarence Carnes.
The Battle of Alcatraz was dramatized in the 1987 TV movie Six Against the Rock, based on the novel by Clark Howard. While most of the characters were given the names of the real inmates (such as Bernard Coy and Miran Thompson), Carnes' character was renamed Dan Durando, portrayed by Paul Sanchez.
Carnes' life was interpreted in Rolling Way the Rock, a performance piece by Tim Tingle, also a Choctaw man, which premiered in 2006 at the International Symposium of Artists of Conscience in Victoria, British Columbia.
On 2018, Derek Nelson portrayed Karnes in the film “Alcatraz,” which has Karnes as the central figure of the film, with interiors and exteriors shot at a prison Brighton, England and on Alcatraz Island, now a US National Park site.
References
External links
1927 births
1988 deaths
People from Atoka County, Oklahoma
Choctaw people
American escapees
Inmates of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
American people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in the United States federal government detention
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Oklahoma
Escapees from the United States federal government detention
Escapees from Oklahoma detention
AIDS-related deaths in Missouri
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Oklahoma
People paroled from life sentence
20th-century Native Americans
People convicted under the Federal Kidnapping Act
People convicted of murder by the United States federal government
The American Institutes for Research (AIR) is a nonprofit, nonpartisan behavioral and social science research, evaluation and technical assistance organization based in Arlington, Virginia. One of the world's largest social science research organizations, AIR has more than 1,800 staff in locations across the United States and abroad.
In 2010 and 2011, The Washington Post selected AIR as one of the top ten nonprofit firms in the Washington metropolitan area.
History
AIR's founder, John C. Flanagan, a pioneer in aviation psychology, is known for developing the critical incident technique, an innovative method for screening and selecting personnel. While working for the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II, Flanagan developed CIT as an aptitude test to identify potential combat pilots. Later, the technique was adapted for other industries, and CIT is still a model for numerous organizations and researchers.
Flanagan established American Institutes for Research in 1946. He focused on workforce education research and launched Project Talent, a longitudinal study following 400,000 high school students across the U.S., which has continued for the past 50 years and provided data for hundreds of researchers and publications.
Charles Murray, the controversial political scientist, worked at AIR, and left after determining his work was not making a difference.
At the end of 2019, AIR sold its student assessment division to Cambium Learning Group, Inc.
In 2020, AIR acquired IMPAQ, LLC (including subsidiary Maher & Maher), and Kimetrica.
Mission statement
"AIR's mission is to generate and use rigorous evidence that contributes to a better, more equitable world."
Areas of work
AIR conducts behavioral and social science research and delivers technical assistance, both domestically and internationally, in the areas of health, education and workforce productivity. Specific areas include early childhood; P-K-12 education, including teacher, school and district leadership; juvenile justice; mental health and well-being; higher education and career readiness; adult learning and workforce issues; chronic and infectious diseases; patient and family engagement; trauma informed care; healthcare knowledge translation; refugee and migrant populations; and social and emotional learning, among others.
Some of the work Flanagan and AIR are known for includes:
Project Talent, the largest and most comprehensive study of high school students ever conducted in the United States. Data from Project Talent is now being used to conduct research on aging and dementia; core evaluations for U.S. Department of Education programs; technical expertise on implementing the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) and how federal funds are used; Project A, the largest personnel survey in the history of the U.S. Army; and fully or partially-funded federal projects, including Regional Education Labs (RELs) and Comprehensive Centers, National Center for Family Homelessness, Center for Analysis of Longitudinal Data in Education Research (CALDER), College and Career Readiness and Success Center, Center for English Language Learners, among others.
Leadership
Education researcher David Myers is AIR's president and CEO and serves on its board of directors. Myers was senior vice president and chief strategy officer at Mathematica Policy Research prior to joining AIR.
The twelve-member board of directors is led by chair Patricia B. Gurin, professor emerita of social psychology and women's studies at University of Michigan and vice chair Lawrence D. Bobo, a professor of social sciences at Harvard University.
References
External links
Non-profit organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Research institutes in Washington, D.C.
Educational testing and assessment organizations
Think tanks established in 1946
1946 establishments in the United States
Anuja Jung (born 6 August 1971) is an Indian sport shooter from New Delhi, India.
Career
She won the gold medal in the Women's 50m Rifle 3 Positions with 670.7 points and the silver medal in Women's 50m Rifle 3 Positions (Pairs) with Anjali Bhagwat with 1142 points at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Personal life
She married Samaresh Jung, a reputed shooting sportsperson from India.
References
Indian female sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Living people
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
People from Sirmaur district
Sportswomen from Himachal Pradesh
Shooters at the 1998 Asian Games
1971 births
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Sport shooters from Himachal Pradesh
Asian Games competitors for India
I&R may refer to:
Initiative & Referendum Institute (I&R Institute)
Intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition, and reconnaissance (I&R Platoon)
Inverness and Richmond Railway (I&R Railway)
Imperial and Royal (I&R)
See also
INR (disambiguation)
R&I (disambiguation)
Othello is a series of paintings executed in 1985 by Nabil Kanso. The subjects of the paintings are loosely based on Shakespeare's tragedy Othello. The series comprises 60 paintings dealing with themes of love, race, jealousy, betrayal, and evil. They depict scenes embodying compositions of figural and metaphorical imagery that may be seen as visually reflecting the intimate and dramatic relationship between Othello and Desdemona, and the tense and uneasy relation that passes between and through Othello, Desdemona and Iago.
Description
The Othello paintings depict a sequence of figural images with oil and acrylic on canvases and paperboards ranging in size from 30×40 inches (102×76 cm) to 120×216 inches (300×550 cm). The overtones are often conveyed with wide-rugged brushstrokes of black against a red background with areas of orange and yellow, and with figures and shapes of animals, humans, hooded faces, and monsters. It is pointed out that in the painting surface of the works on paper, "the brushstrokes seem even more aggressive, often giving the figures the immediacy of gesture sketches."
The physical substance of the paintings reflects a process of forming imagery that may correspond in form, texture, tone, and color to the subject it represents. The intense colors and violent movement of the brush seem to add emphasis to the nature of the subject. The embraces of the figures representing Othello and Desdemona are viewed by some as scenes that move "from tender and loving to confusion and rage."
When the Othello were exhibited at the gallery space of a theater in Atlanta in 1985, the paintings were considered “too provocative” and were taken down the day after the exhibit had been hung.
The paintings in the series are divided almost equally in two parts. The first part consists of works often depicting compositions of naked human figures encountered in intimate situations heightened by the contrast of light and dark, and various sexual metaphors.
The second part contains about thirty canvases dealing with themes of intrigue, suspicion, and killing making direct references to the characters Iago, Othello, and Desdemona in Shakespeare's tragedy. They reveal images of aggressiveness, intensity, and violence with webs of turbulent rhythm, whirling forms, and allegorical concepts as a means of conjuring imagery with layers of meanings and symbols that may visually reinterpret the intensity of events leading to Othello killing of Desdemona.
References
External links
Othello paintings
works
Modern paintings
Series of paintings by Nabil Kanso
Othello (paintings)
1985 paintings
Paintings based on works by William Shakespeare
Black people in art
el:Οθέλος
es:Otelo (pinturas)
he:אותלו
sr:Отело (драма)
The Alps are one of the great mountain range systems of Europe stretching approximately 1,200 kilometres (750 mi) across eight Alpine countries from Austria and Slovenia in the east, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Germany, France to the west and Italy and Monaco to the south.
The flora of the Alps are diverse. In the mountains, the vegetation gradually changes with altitude, sun exposure, and location on the mountain. There are five successive life zones, each with distinct landscapes and vegetation characteristics: premontane, montane, subalpine, alpine, and alvar.
List of Alpine plants
A
Achillea atrata
Aconitum lycoctonum
Aconitum napellus
Adenostyles alliariae
Adenostyles leucophylla
Agrimonia eupatoria
Alchemilla alpina
Allium insubricum
Androsace alpina
Androsace brevis
Androsace carnea
Anemone vernalis
Antennaria dioica
Aquilegia alpina
Arctostaphylos alpinus
Arenaria pseudofrigida
Armeria alpina
Arnica montana
Artemisia mutellina
Asphodelus albus
Aster alpinus
Astrantia major
C
Caltha palustris
Campanula barbata
Campanula persicifolia
Campanula thyrsoides
Campanula zoysii
Carlina acanthifolia
Carlina acaulis
Carlina vulgaris
Carex curvula
Centaurea jacea
Centaurea montana
Centaurea phrygia
Centaurea scabiosa
Chamerion angustifolium
Chenopodium bonus-henricus
Cicerbita alpina
Cicerbita plumieri
Cirsium spinosissimum
Clematis alpina
Crocus vernus
Cyclamen europaeum
Cypripedium calceolus
D
Dactylorhiza fuchsii
Dactylorhiza maculata
Daphne cneorum
Dianthus monspessulanus
Dianthus pavonius
Digitalis grandiflora
Digitalis lutea
Digitalis purpurea
Doronicum grandiflorum
Dryas octopetala
E
Erinus alpinus
Eriophorum angustifolium
Eritrichium nanum
Eryngium alpinum
G
Gentiana acaulis
Gentiana alpina
Gentiana kochiana
Gentiana lutea*
Gentiana nivalis
Gentiana verna
Geranium silvaticum
Geum montanum
Gymnadenia conopsea
H
Heracleum sphondylium
Hieracium alpinum
Hieracium pilosella
Hieracum intybaceum
I
Inula montana
Iris pseudacorus
L
Leontopodium alpinum
Leucanthemopsis alpina
Lilium bulbiferum
Lilium martagon
Linaria alpina
Loiseleurie couchée
M
Melampyrum arvense
Melampyrum nemorosum
Melampyrum pratense
N
Nigritella rhellicani
O
Ophrys fuciflora
Opuntia
P
Papaver hi
Papaver rhaeticum
Phyteuma hemisphaericum
Phyteuma spicatum
Pinguicula alpina
Pinguicula grandiflora
Pinguicula vulgaris
R
Ranunculus glacialis
Ranunculus pyrenaeus
Rhododendron ferrugineum
Rosa pendulina
Rumex crispus
Rumex nivalis
S
Saxifraga oppositifolia
Saxifraga paniculata
Saxifraga stellaris
Scabiosa columbaria
Scabiosa lucida
Scilla bifolia
Sempervivum archnoideum
Sempervivum montanum
Senecio doronicum
Senecio fuchsii
Senecio leucophyllus
Silene acaulis
Silene rupestris
Silene vulgaris
Soldanella alpina
Stipa pennata
T
Trifolium alpinum
Trollius europaeus
V
Veratrum album
References
External links
Michael Hassler, University of Karlsruhe.
Alps
Alps
.Alps
Alps
Alps
Alps
Alps
This is a list of points scoring systems used to determine the outcome of the annual FIM Motorcycle Grand Prix World Championship and Constructors' Championship since 1949. The championship titles are awarded to the competitor and constructor who accumulate the most championship points over the course of the championship season.
Points scoring systems
Source:
See also
List of Formula One World Championship points scoring systems
List of American Championship car racing points scoring systems
List of NASCAR points scoring systems
Sources
External links
motogp.com Official Website
Motorcycle sport lists
FIM World Championship points scoring systems
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
Stephen Tiller (born 26 March 1987) is an Australian rules footballer for the Western Bulldogs of the AFL. The 54th overall pick in the 2004 AFL Draft, Tiller was recruited from the West Adelaide Football Club.
Stephen Tiller was born in the town of Wanilla, near Port Lincoln in South Australia. Previously attending Cummins High School, he also has two older brothers.
Following several years of development playing for the former Bulldogs VFL affiliate Werribee, Tiller was called up for his AFL debut against the West Coast Eagles in Round 17, 2007.
He was delisted by the Bulldogs on Wednesday 10 November 2010.
External links
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Western Bulldogs players
West Adelaide Football Club players
Werribee Football Club players
1987 births
Living people
In the early Roman Empire, from 30 BC to AD 212, a peregrinus (Latin: ) was a free provincial subject of the Empire who was not a Roman citizen. Peregrini constituted the vast majority of the Empire's inhabitants in the 1st and 2nd centuries AD. In AD 212, all free inhabitants of the Empire were granted citizenship by the Constitutio Antoniniana, with the exception of the dediticii, people who had become subject to Rome through surrender in war, and freed slaves.
The Latin peregrinus "foreigner, one from abroad" is related to the Latin adverb peregre "abroad", composed of per- "through" and an assimilated form of ager "field, country", i.e., "over the lands"; the -e () is an adverbial suffix.
During the Roman Republic, the term peregrinus simply denoted any person who did not hold Roman citizenship, full or partial, whether that person was under Roman rule or not. Technically, this remained the case during the Imperial era, but in practice the term became limited to subjects of the Empire, with inhabitants of regions outside the Empire's borders denoted barbari (barbarians).
Numbers
In the 1st and 2nd centuries, the vast majority (80–90%) of the empire's inhabitants were peregrini. By 49 BC, all Italians were Roman citizens. Outside Italy, those provinces with the most intensive Roman colonisation over the approximately two centuries of Roman rule probably had a Roman citizen majority by the end of Augustus' reign: Gallia Narbonensis (southern France), Hispania Baetica (Andalusia, Spain) and Africa proconsularis (Tunisia). This could explain the closer similarity of the lexicon of the Iberian, Italian and Occitan languages as compared to French and other oïl languages.
In frontier provinces, the proportion of citizens would have been far smaller. For example, one estimate puts Roman citizens in Britain c. AD 100 at about 50,000, less than 3% of the total provincial population of c. 1.7 million. In the empire as a whole, we know there were just over 6 million Roman citizens in AD 47, the last quinquennial Roman census return extant. This was just 9% of a total imperial population generally estimated at c. 70 million at that time.
Social status
Peregrini were accorded only the basic rights of the ius gentium ("law of peoples"), a sort of international law derived from the commercial law developed by Greek city-states, that was used by the Romans to regulate relations between citizens and non-citizens. But the ius gentium did not confer many of the rights and protections of the ius civile ("law of citizens" i.e. what we call Roman law).
In the sphere of criminal law, there was no law to prevent the torture of peregrini during official interrogations. Peregrini were subject to de plano (summary) justice, including execution, at the discretion of the legatus Augusti (provincial governor). In theory at least, Roman citizens could not be tortured and could insist on being tried by a full hearing of the governor's assize court i.e. court held in rotation at different locations. This would involve the governor acting as judge, advised by a consilium ("council") of senior officials, as well as the right of the defendant to employ legal counsel. Roman citizens also enjoyed the important safeguard (against possible malpractice by the governor), of the right to appeal any criminal sentence, especially a death sentence, directly to the emperor himself.
As regards civil law, with the exception of capital crimes, peregrini were subject to the customary laws and courts of their civitas (an administrative circumscription, similar to a county, based on the pre-Roman tribal territories). Cases involving Roman citizens, on the other hand, were adjudicated by the governor's assize court, according to the elaborate rules of Roman civil law. This gave citizens a substantial advantage in disputes with peregrini, especially over land, as Roman law would always prevail over local customary law if there was a conflict. Furthermore, the governor's verdicts were often swayed by the social status of the parties (and often by bribery) rather than by jurisprudence.
In the fiscal sphere, peregrini were subject to direct taxes (tributum): they were obliged to pay an annual poll tax (tributum capitis), an important source of imperial revenue. Roman citizens were exempt from the poll tax. As would be expected in an agricultural economy, by far the most important revenue source was the tax on land (tributum soli), payable on most provincial land. Again, land in Italy was exempt as was, probably, land owned by Roman colonies (coloniae) outside Italy.
In the military sphere, peregrini were excluded from service in the legions, and could only enlist in the less prestigious auxiliary regiments; at the end of an auxiliary's service (a 25-year term), he and his children were granted citizenship.
In the social sphere, peregrini did not possess the right of connubium ("inter-marriage"): i.e. they could not legally marry a Roman citizen: thus any children from a mixed union were illegitimate and could not inherit citizenship (or property). In addition, peregrini could not, unless they were auxiliary servicemen, designate heirs under Roman law. On their death, therefore, they were legally intestate and their assets became the property of the state.
Local authorities
Each province of the empire was divided into three types of local authority: coloniae (Roman colonies, founded by retired legionary veterans), municipia (cities with "Latin Rights", a sort of half-citizenship) and civitates peregrinae, the local authorities of the peregrini.
Civitates peregrinae were based on the territories of pre-Roman city-states (in the Mediterranean) or indigenous tribes (in the northwestern European and Danubian provinces), minus lands confiscated by the Romans after the conquest of the province to provide land for legionary veterans or to become imperial estates. These civitates were grouped into three categories, according to their status: civitates foederatae, civitates liberae, and civitates stipendariae.
Although the provincial governor had absolute power to intervene in civitas affairs, in practice civitates were largely autonomous, in part because the governor operated with a minimal bureaucracy and simply did not have the resources for detailed micro-management of the civitates. Provided that the civitates collected and delivered their assessed annual tributum (poll and land taxes) and carried out required services such as maintaining trunk Roman roads that crossed their territory, they were largely left to run their own affairs by the central provincial administration.
The civitates peregrinae were often ruled by the descendants of the aristocracies that dominated them when they were independent entities in the pre-conquest era, although many of these may have suffered severe diminution of their lands during the invasion period. These elites would dominate the civitas council and executive magistracies, which would be based on traditional institutions. They would decide disputes according to tribal customary law. If the chief town of a civitas was granted municipium status, the elected leaders of the civitas, and, later, the entire council (as many as 100 men), were automatically granted citizenship.
The Romans counted on the native elites to keep their civitates orderly and submissive. They ensured the loyalty of those elites by substantial favours: grants of land, citizenship and even enrollment in the highest class in Roman society, the senatorial order, for those who met the property threshold. These privileges would further entrench the wealth and power of native aristocracies, at the expense of the mass of their fellow peregrini.
Land ownership
The Roman Empire was overwhelmingly an agricultural economy: over 80% of the population lived and worked on the land. Therefore, rights over land use and product were the most important determinant of wealth. Roman conquest and rule probably led to a major downgrading of the economic position of the average peregrinus peasant, to the advantage of the Roman state, Roman landowners and loyal native elites. The Roman Empire was a society with enormous disparities in wealth, with the senatorial order owning a significant proportion of all land in the empire in the form of vast latifundia ("large estates"), often in several provinces e.g. Pliny the Younger's statement in one of his letters that at the time of Nero (r.54–68), half of all land in Africa proconsularis (Tunisia) was owned by just 6 private landlords. Indeed, the senatorial order, which was hereditary, was itself partly defined by wealth, as any outsider wishing to join it had to meet a very high property qualification (250,000 denarii).
Under Roman law, lands formerly belonging to an unconditionally surrendering people (dediticii) became the property of the Roman state. A proportion of such land would be assigned to Roman colonists. Some would be sold off to big Roman landowners in order to raise money for the imperial treasury.
Some would be retained as ager publicus (state-owned land), which in practice were managed as imperial estates. The rest would be returned to the civitas that originally owned it, but not necessarily returned to its previous ownership structure. Much land may have been confiscated from members of those native elites who opposed the Roman invaders, and, conversely, granted to those who supported them. The latter may also have been granted land that may once have been communal.
The proportion of land in each province confiscated by the Romans after conquest is unknown. But there are a few clues. Egypt is by far the best-documented province due to the survival of papyri in the dry conditions. There, it appears that probably a third of land was ager publicus. From the evidence available one can conclude that, between imperial estates, land assigned to coloniae, and land sold to Roman private landowners, a province's peregrini may have lost ownership of over half their land as a result of the Roman conquest. Roman colonists would routinely help themselves to the best land.
Little is known about the pattern of land ownership before the Roman conquest, but there is no doubt that it radically changed after the Roman conquest. In particular, many free peasants who had farmed the same plots for generations (i.e. were owners under tribal customary law) would have found themselves reduced to tenants, obliged to pay rent to absentee Roman landlords or to the agents of the procurator, the chief financial officer of the province, if their land was now part of an imperial estate. Even where their new landlord was a local tribal aristocrat, the free peasant may have been worse off, obliged to pay rent for land which he might previously have farmed for free, or pay fees to graze his herds on pastures which might previously have been communal.
Enfranchisement
The proportion of Roman citizens would have grown steadily over time. Emperors occasionally granted citizenship en bloc to entire cities, tribes or provinces e.g. emperor Otho's grant to the Lingones civitas in Gaul AD 69 or to whole auxiliary regiments for exceptional service.
Peregrini could also acquire citizenship individually, either through service in the auxilia for the minimum 25-year term, or by special grant of the emperor for merit or status. The key person in the grant of citizenship to individuals was the provincial governor: although citizenship awards could only be made by the emperor, the latter would generally act on the recommendation of his governors, as is clear from the letters of Pliny the Younger. As governor of Bithynia, Pliny successfully lobbied his boss, the emperor Trajan (r.98–117), to grant citizenship to a number of provincials who were Pliny's friends or assistants.
In addition, bribery of governors, or other high officials, was undoubtedly a much-used route for wealthy peregrini to gain citizenship. This was the case of the commander of the Roman auxiliaries who arrested St Paul the Apostle in AD 60. He confessed to Paul: "I became a Roman citizen by paying a large amount of money." Inhabitants of cities that were granted municipium status (as were many capital cities of civitates peregrinae) acquired Latin rights, which included connubium, the right to marry a Roman citizen. The children of such a union would inherit citizenship, providing it was the father who held citizenship.
Constitutio Antoniniana (212 AD)
In AD 212, the constitutio Antoniniana (Antonine decree) issued by Emperor Caracalla (ruled 211–217) granted Roman citizenship to all free subjects of the Empire, with the exception of the dediticii, people who had become subject to Rome through surrender in war, and freed slaves.
The contemporary historian Dio Cassius ascribes a financial motive to Caracalla's decision. He suggests that Caracalla wanted to make the peregrini subject to two indirect taxes that applied only to Roman citizens: the 5% levies on inheritances and on the manumission of slaves (both of which Caracalla increased to 10% for good measure).
But these taxes would probably have been outweighed by the loss of the annual poll tax previously paid by peregrini, from which as Roman citizens they would now be exempt. It seems unlikely that the imperial government could have foregone this revenue: it is therefore almost certain that the Antonine decree was accompanied by a further decree ending Roman citizens' exemption from direct taxes. In any case, citizens were certainly paying the poll tax in the time of Emperor Diocletian (r. 282–305).
In this way the Antonine decree would indeed have greatly increased the imperial tax base, primarily by obliging Roman citizens (by then perhaps 20–30% of the population) to pay direct taxes: the poll tax and, in the case of owners of Italian land and Roman coloniae, the land tax.
See also
Roman citizen
Pilgrim, from the Latin 'peregrinus'
Notes
Citations
References
Ancient
Bible New Testament (late 1st century)
Dio Cassius History of Rome (early 3rd century)
Pliny the Younger Epistulae (early 2nd century)
Tacitus Historiae (late 1st century)
Modern
Brunt, P. A. (1971) Italian Manpower
Burton, G. (1987) Government and the Provinces in J. Wacher ed. The Roman World Vol I
Duncan-Jones, Richard (1990) The Roman Economy
Duncan-Jones, Richard (1994) Money & Government in the Roman Empire
Goldsworthy, Adrian (2005) The Complete Roman Army
Mattingly, David (2006) An Imperial Possession: Britain in the Roman Empire
Scheidel, Walter (2006) Population & Demography (Princeton-Stanford Working Papers in Classics)
Thompson, D.J. (1987) Imperial Estates in J. Wacher ed. The Roman World Vol II
+
Roman citizenship
Social classes in ancient Rome
Jos de Putter (Terneuzen, 1959) is a Dutch film director, film critic and screenwriter who primarily makes Dutch documentary films. He studied political science and literature at the University of Leiden, and was a member of the editorial staff of the film magazine Skrien. He has also worked on a number of Dutch television programs and works as a creative producer for documentary production company Dieptescherpte BV.
As a visual artist de Putter was commissioned to make the installation'Earth' against the back wall inside the new Dutch parliament in 2021.
His documentaries have been shown and awarded at many film festivals. , His debut film, Het is een schone dag geweest (It's been a lovely day'), about the last year of work at his parents' farm was hailed internationally as "documentary in the purest form" and won the City of Utrecht Film Prize at the Dutch Film Festival. This documentary has been included in the Dutch Film Canon (list of 16 best Dutch films ever). He won the prestigious Joris Ivens Prize at the IDFA for Solo, de wet van de favela and 7 internationals festivals with his portrait of a Chechen children's dance troupe: Dans, Grozny dans (2002). The Chicago International Documentary Film Festival, the Brooklyn Academy of Music, The National Arts Museum Washington and the Pacific Film Archive featured a retrospective tribute to De Putter's work in 2005. The Festival dei Popoli in Florence featured a retrospective tribute in 2014.
De Putter ‘discovered' the Brazilian footballer Leonardo Vitor Santiago, whom he cast as the star of Solo, de wet van de favela at the age of 11. Twenty years later (2014), the two look back on life and film, de Putter's sequel documentary in Solo; Out of a Dream.
He wrote and directed Beyond the Game., How Many Roads (2005) and See No Evil (2014).
His documentary on Alexander Litvinenko (2017) was sold worldwide.
De Putter made video-installations for various museums, including 'Zeeuwse Klei' and 'Landscapes' for Zeeuws Museum Middelburg (2013 and 2017). This work led to the invitation to create the back wall inside the new Dutch parliament, in 2021.
From 2007-2013 De Putter was editor-in-chief of renowned VPRO documentary program 'Backlight'.
As of 2013 De Putter is commissioning editor of 'webdocumentaries' for Dutch news site De Correspondent and as of 2018 for Human/NPO. Short docs won the Locarno Filmfestival (2014) and the European Film Award (2016).
References
External links
Jos de Putter (official website)
1959 births
Living people
Dutch film directors
Dutch screenwriters
Dutch male screenwriters
People from Terneuzen
Dutch documentary filmmakers
1994 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1994 ACC men's basketball tournament
1994 ACC women's basketball tournament
1994 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
1994 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
1994 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
1994 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Lymphoproliferative response is a specific immune response that entails rapid T-cell replication. Standard antigens, such as tetanus toxoid, that elicit this response are used in lab tests of immune competence.
References
External links
Online Medical Dictionary, lymphoproliferative response
Immune system
Luciano Acquarone (born 4 October 1930) is an Italian athlete, known for his numerous long distance running world records in masters athletics marked in a period of 43 years, between 1972 and 2015, in the categories M40 to M85.
Biography
Career
Acquarone started running at age 16, competing and also later coaching for various clubs; SC Borgo Peri, US Maurina (a company of which he was also a coach, sporting director and chairman), GS Riviera dei Fiori, Pedal Blue, CUS Torino and Olimpia Amateurs Rimini. Club affiliations are important to the Italian system. He started running middle distance races early in his career, achieving success to the regional level, but no national recognition. But he persisted.
At age 37, work duties forced him to take a year off. The following year, in 1969, he expected to renew his athletics card with FIDAL, the Italian national governing body, but the Federation's "Federal Laws" Article 8, Paragraph 1 prohibited registering athletes over age 35 who had taken a break in competition. While he continued to compete in road races, it took a protracted battle and pressure on then FIDAL President Primo Nebiolo to prove his fitness and ultimately win his card to allow him to continue competing. This case is considered a cornerstone to the establishment of the Masters age divisions in Italy, generally unheard of in 1971 and opening the door to athletes competing with no age limit. A year after that, at age 41, Acquarone finished second, just 9 seconds behind the winner in the Italian National Championships Marathon in Rassina which should have qualified him to run in the 1972 Summer Olympics but he was not selected, possibly due to his age.
In the ensuing years Acquarone won numerous international races, the 1973 International Cross Country meet in Monte Carlo, the Vallecrosia Marathon and the Marseille Marathon. From 1977 to 1980, tendonitis set in and during the long recovery, Acquarone took to cycling, racing in Italy and France. He returned to racing in 1981 at age 50 where he first started setting what has become 7 world records and an additional six European records. He has held the M50, M60 and M75 world records for 3000 metres; the M50 and M60 world record for the 10000 metres; and the M60 and M75 world record for the marathon.
Personal life
He still resides in Imperia, married to his wife Anna, and worked for the same company Peter Isnardi for 40 years, receiving the "Loyalty at Work" Award from the Chamber of Commerce.
In 2005 he was awarded a knighthood in the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
World records
Masters athletics
Half marathon M85: 1:58:32 , Sanremo, 6 October 2015, current holder.
3000 m M80: 13:05.3 ( Imperia), 2 July 2011, until 26 July 2011 (broken by Ed Whitlock).
3000 m M75: 11:45.28 ( Chivasso), 25 June 2006, until 25 July 2006 (broken by Ed Whitlock).
Marathon M75: 3:10:57 ( Imperia), 16 October 2005, until 24 September 2006 (broken by Ed Whitlock).
3000 m M60: 10:12.0 ( Sinigaglia), 1 October 1994, until 27 October 1994.
10,000 m M60: 34:14.88 ( Turku), 20 July 1991, until 11 July 2013.
Marathon M60: 2:38:15 ( Turku), 28 July 1991, until 1 February 2009.
3000 m M50: 9:03.6 ( Imperia), 4 October 1982, until 9 April 2003.
10,000 m M50: 32:05.5 ( Genoa), 17 October 1981, until 1 May 1989.
Marathon M40: 2:20:21 ( Brussels), 11 June 1972, until 4 February 1973.
See also
List of European records in masters athletics
List of Italian records in masters athletics
References
External links
Luciano Acquarone at FIDAL
1930 births
Living people
Italian male long-distance runners
Italian male marathon runners
Italian masters athletes
World record setters in masters athletics
World record holders in masters athletics
People from Imperia
Sportspeople from the Province of Imperia
Serena Michelle Best , is a British academic, and the Professor of Materials Science at the University of Cambridge.
Best has a BSc from the University of Surrey, and a PhD from the University of London. She was elected Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering (FREng) in 2012.
In the 2017 Birthday Honours, Best was made a CBE, "For services to Biomaterials Engineering."
As of January 2019, Best is President of the Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining.
Selected publications
Araujo JV, Davidenko N, Danner M, Cameron RE, Best SM: Novel Porous scaffolds of pH Responsive Chitosan/Carrageenan-based Polyelectrolyte Complexes for Tissue Engineering. J Biomed Mater Res A. 2014 Feb 14.
Pawelec KM, Husmann A, Best SM, Cameron RE: Understanding anisotropy and architecture in ice-templated biopolymer scaffolds. Mater Sci Eng C Mater Biol Appl. 2014 Apr 1;37:141-7.
Pawelec KM, Husmann A, Best SM, Cameron RE: A design protocol for tailoring ice-templated scaffold structure. J R Soc Interface. 2014 Jan 8;11(92):20130958.
Shepherd JH, Ghose S, Kew SJ, Moavenian A, Best SM, Cameron RE: Effect of fiber crosslinking on collagen-fiber reinforced collagen-chondroitin-6-sulfate materials for regenerating load-bearing soft tissues. J Biomed Mater Res A. 2013 Jan;101(1):176-84.
Kew SJ, Gwynne JH, Enea D, Brookes R, Rushton N, Best SM, Cameron RE: Synthetic collagen fascicles for the regeneration of tendon tissue. Acta Biomater. 2012 Oct;8(10):3723-31.
Grover CN, Gwynne JH, Pugh N, Hamaia S, Farndale RW, Best SM, Cameron RE: Crosslinking and composition influence the surface properties, mechanical stiffness and cell reactivity of collagen-based films. Acta Biomater. 2012 Aug;8(8):3080-90.
Grover CN, Farndale RW, Best SM, Cameron RE: The interplay between physical and chemical properties of protein films affects their bioactivity. J Biomed Mater Res A. 2012 Sep;100(9):2401-11.
Grover CN, Cameron RE, Best SM: Investigating the morphological, mechanical and degradation properties of scaffolds comprising collagen, gelatin and elastin for use in soft tissue engineering. J Mech Behav Biomed Mater. 2012 Jun;10:62-74.
References
External links
Celebrating leading women in engineering: Professor Serena Best
Living people
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of the University of Surrey
Alumni of the University of London
British women academics
Fellows of St John's College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Female Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
21st-century women engineers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2009 Toulon Tournament was the 37th edition of the Toulon Tournament, and was held from 3 June to 12 June 2009. The tournament concluded with the final between France and Chile at Stade Mayol in Toulon as Chile won their first title after the final score of 1–0, scored by Gerson Martínez on 73rd minute.
Participant teams
(host)
Venues
The matches are being played in these communes:
Aubagne
Bormes
La Seyne
Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer
Toulon
Squads
Results
Group A
Standings
Fixtures
Group B
Standings
Fixtures
Semi-finals
Third-place playoff
Final
Winners
Goal scorers
4 goals
Diego Buonanotte
Gerson Martínez
3 goals
Fábio Coentrão
Eduardo Vargas
2 goals
Éver Banega
Yazalde
Ricky van Wolfswinkel
1 goal
Alejandro Gómez
Franco Jara
Diego Perotti
Mohamed Fawzi Abdalla
Bakary Sako
Marzouk Salah
Islam Ramadan
Younousse Sankharé
Donovan Deekman
Afroto
Lucas Trecarichi
Sultan Al-Menhali
Stanislas Oliveira
Jirès Kembo Ekoko
References
External links
Toulon Tournament
Toulon Tournament 2009 Schedule
2009
2008–09 in French football
2009 in youth association football
HMS Minotaur was the lead ship of the armoured frigates built for the Royal Navy during the 1860s. They were the longest single-screw warships ever built. Minotaur took nearly four years between her launching and commissioning because she was used for evaluations of her armament and different sailing rigs.
The ship spent the bulk of her active career as flagship of the Channel Squadron, including during Queen Victoria's Golden Jubilee Fleet Review in 1887. She became a training ship in 1893 and was then hulked in 1905 when she became part of the training school at Harwich. Minotaur was renamed several times before being sold for scrap in 1922 and broken up the following year.
Design and description
The Minotaur-class armoured frigates were essentially enlarged versions of the ironclad with heavier armament, armour, and more powerful engines. They retained the broadside ironclad layout of their predecessor, but their sides were fully armoured to protect the 50 guns they were designed to carry. Each was equipped with a plough-shaped ram that was also more prominent than that of Achilles.
The Minotaur-class ships were long between perpendiculars and long overall. They had a beam of and a draft of . The ships displaced . The hull was subdivided by 15 watertight transverse bulkheads and had a double bottom underneath the engine and boiler rooms.
Minotaur was considered "an excellent sea-boat and a steady gun platform, but unhandy under steam and practically unmanageable under sail" as built. Steam-powered steering improved her manoeuvring qualities significantly when it was installed in 1875 and she was judged "one of our very best manoeuvrers we have in the Navy" by Vice Admiral Philip Colomb in 1890. The ship's steadiness was partially a result of her metacentric height of .
Propulsion
Minotaur had a two-cylinder trunk steam engine, made by John Penn and Sons, that drove a single propeller. Ten rectangular fire-tube boilers provided steam to the engine at a working pressure of . The engine produced a total of during the ship's sea trials on 10 May 1867 and Minotaur had a maximum speed of . The ships carried of coal, enough to steam at . Minotaur was reboilered in 1893 and reached with .
The ship had five masts and a sail area of . Because her propeller could only be disconnected and not hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag, Minotaur only made under sail. Both funnels were semi-retractable to reduce wind resistance while under sail. Admiral George A. Ballard described Minotaur and her sisters as "the dullest performers under canvas of the whole masted fleet of their day, and no ships ever carried so much dress to so little purpose." In 1893–4, after her withdrawal from active service, Minotaur had two masts removed and was re-rigged as a barque.
Armament
The armament of the Minotaur-class ships was intended to be 40 rifled 110-pounder breech-loading guns on the main deck and 10 more on the upper deck on pivot mounts. The gun was a new design from Armstrong, but proved a failure a few years after its introduction. The gun was withdrawn before any were received by any of the Minotaur-class ships. They were armed, instead, with a mix of and rifled muzzle-loading guns. All four nine-inch and 20 seven-inch guns were mounted on the main deck while four seven-inch guns were fitted on the upper deck as chase guns. The ship also received eight brass howitzers for use as saluting guns. The gun ports were wide which allowed each gun to fire 30° fore and aft of the beam.
The shell of the 14-calibre 9-inch gun weighed while the gun itself weighed . It had a muzzle velocity of and was credited with the ability to penetrate a of wrought iron armour at the muzzle. The 16-calibre 7-inch gun weighed and fired a shell. It was credited with the ability to penetrate armour.
Minotaur was rearmed in 1875 with a uniform armament of 17 nine-inch guns, 14 on the main deck, two forward chase guns and one rear chase gun. The gun ports had to be enlarged to accommodate the larger guns by hand, at a cost of £250 each. About 1883 two breech-loading guns replaced two 9-inch muzzle-loading guns. Four quick-firing (QF) 4.7-inch (120-mm) guns, eight QF 3-pounder Hotchkiss guns, eight machine guns and two torpedo tubes were installed in 1891–2.
Armour
The entire side of the Minotaur-class ships was protected by wrought iron armour that tapered from at the ends to amidships, except for a section of the bow between the upper and main decks. The armour extended below the waterline. A single 5.5-inch transverse bulkhead protected the forward chase guns on the upper deck. The armour was backed by of teak.
Construction and service
HMS Minotaur was originally ordered on 2 September 1861 as HMS Elephant, in honour of the ship once commanded by Nelson seventy years before, but her name was changed to Minotaur during construction. She was laid down on 12 September 1861 by the Thames Ironworks in Blackwall, London. She was launched on 12 December 1863, commissioned in April 1867 and completed on 1 June 1867. The lengthy delay in completion was due to frequent changes in design details, and experiments with her armament and with her sailing rig. The ship cost a total of £478,855.
Minotaur finally commissioned in Portsmouth as the flagship of the Channel Squadron, a position which she retained until 1873. In 1872 the ship nearly rammed the ironclad as they were leaving Belfast Lough. Minotaur lost her bowsprit and fore topgallant mast, but Bellerophon only suffered some minor flooding. She paid off for a long refit in 1873 and resumed her position in 1875 when she rejoined the Channel Squadron. Minotaur became the first ship in the Royal Navy to receive a permanent installation of an electric searchlight in 1876.
The ship was the flagship of Vice Admiral Sir William Hewett, who had earned the Victoria Cross in the siege of Sevastopol in 1854, during Queen Victoria's Golden Jubilee Fleet Review on 23 July 1887. Minotaur was paid off at the end of 1887 in Portsmouth and assigned to the Reserve until 1893 when she became a training ship at Portland. She was renamed HMS Boscawen II in March 1904 and transferred in 1905 to Harwich as part of the training school . The ship was renamed 11 June 1906 as HMS Ganges and then to Ganges II on 25 April 1908. She was sold on 30 January 1922 for scrap.
Notes
Footnotes
References
External links
A photo of HMS Minotaur and HMS Valiant in dock c. 1870
A National Maritime Museum engraving of HMS Minotaur c. 1863
Lower deck plan of HMS Minotaur, c. 1890
Minotaur-class ironclads
Ships built in Leamouth
1863 ships
Victorian-era battleships of the United Kingdom
is a compilation of all five Darkstalkers arcade games that were released in Japan only for the PlayStation 2 in 2005. Darkstalkers Collection was also released together with Hyper Street Fighter II: The Anniversary Edition as part of one of the Value Pack compilations for the PS2 in 2008 in Japan.
Gameplay
This compilation features the original arcade versions of the games, as well as hidden arranged versions of the three Vampire Savior games, which introduce a Corrupt Dhampir version of Donovan, Dee, as a secret playable character with his own storyline.
Contents
Reception
IGN called it "one of the finest compilations ever" and a "true, wait-free arcade perfection". Siliconera stated that "the fighting engine has aged considerably. It's really designed for people who love the series and Capcom's more traditional 2D fighters".
References
2005 video games
Darkstalkers video games
Japan-exclusive video games
PlayStation 2-only games
Capcom video game compilations
Trilogies
Video games developed in Japan
PlayStation 2 games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Blackout is a children's picture book written and illustrated by John Rocco, published by Disney Hyperion in 2011. It features a New York City family during an electrical power outage. During the blackout, the lack of distraction by their technological devices leads to a renewal of the family members' connections with each other.
Blackout was a 2012 Caldecott Honor Book, one runner-up for the annual Caldecott Medal. Fox 2000 has optioned it for a live-action feature. In 2013, the book was made into an animated film narrated by Stanley Tucci.
References
2011 children's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
We're on the Jury is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes and starring Victor Moore and Helen Broderick. The screenplay by Franklin Coen was based on the 1929 play, Ladies of the Jury, written by John Frederick Ballard. The film was produced by RKO Radio Pictures, which premiered it in New York City on February 11, 1937, with a national release the following day on February 12. The film received mixed reviews, one reviewer stated Broderick and Moore's performances "redeem an otherwise mediocre picture."
References
External links
Films directed by Ben Holmes
RKO Pictures films
1937 comedy films
1937 films
American comedy films
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
This is a list of episodes of the Chinese variety show Running Man in season 2. The show airs on ZRTG: Zhejiang Television.
Episodes
References
External links
Running Man China Official Homepage
2015 Chinese television seasons
Brinkibon Ltd v Stahag Stahl GmbH [1983] 2 AC 34 is a landmark decision of the House of Lords on the formation of a contract using modern communication. The Lords largely accepted the earlier leading decision of Entores v Miles Far East Co. [1955] 2 QB 327 on acceptance via telex.
Facts
Brinkibon was a London company that bought steel from Stahag, a seller based in Austria. Brinkibon sent their acceptance to a Stahag offer by Telex to Vienna. Brinkibon later wanted to issue a writ against Stahag and applied to serve an out of jurisdiction party. They would only be able to do so if the contract had been formed in England.
The question at issue was where the contract was formed.
Judgment
The Judges decided that the contract was formed in Vienna. They accepted the principle in Entores v Miles Far East Co where in the case of instantaneous communication, which included telex, the formation generally occurs in the place where the acceptance is received.
Lord Wilberforce, however, did not see the rule as applying in all circumstances:
Lord Brandon said the following.
See also
English contract law
References
House of Lords cases
English agreement case law
Lord Wilberforce cases
1982 in British law
1982 in case law
Henry Wise (16 August 1802 – 25 December 1866) was a mariner and merchant associated with the Far East.
Born in Oxford, Wise worked his way up as a mariner in the East India Company's Marine Service from midshipman in 1819 to chief officer in 1831, and then a supercargo in the China trade. His logbooks from voyages in the Castle Huntly, Astell, and Elizabeth are preserved at the National Maritime Museum.
He invented several schemes related to speeding travel between England and the East, publishing a book proposing the use of steam and a 'propellor' in 1839, a 'Plan for the Acceleration of the China Mails' (i.e. their conveyance from Suez via Ceylon to Hong Kong direct)
submitted to her Majesty's Government 14 September 1843, and advocating a canal across Siam in 1859.
By 1838, he was settled in London and he is principally known for his subsequent involvement with James Brooke: he helped fit out the ship for his 1839 voyage and became the agent in London to the now Rajah of Sarawak in 1841. This relationship soured around 1847 when the Eastern Archipelago Company was set up at considerable advantage to Wise who contributed rights handed to him by Brooke to mine coal in Labuan in return for fees, equity, and the job of Managing Director. The Rajah also blamed Wise for his loss of money when the firm of Melville & Street collapsed in 1848. Legal wrangles instituted by the Rajah established that the EAC was undercapitalised and only got its charter by very creative accounting, in which officials acquiesced. Fraudulent or not, the company was ambitious, but struggled until finally being wound up in 1857. Wise lost money as a shareholder in the fraudulent Royal British Bank, which had had the same founding Chairman as the Eastern Archipelago Company, one John MacGregor MP.
He died in Hampstead in 1866, leaving a wife, Elizabeth, two daughters (Henrietta Elizabeth b.1848 and Harriet Grace b.1850), and 'effects under £1500' in his will. Elizabeth died 26 March 1872, at 27, Fairfax-road, South Hampstead, aged 62.
References
1802 births
1866 deaths
British merchants
British sailors
People from Oxford
19th-century British businesspeople
Chartered Mathematician (CMath) is a professional qualification in Mathematics awarded to professional practising mathematicians by the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications (IMA) in the United Kingdom.
Chartered Mathematician is the IMA's highest professional qualification; achieving it is done through a rigorous peer-reviewed process. It provides formal recognition of a member's qualifications in Mathematics, professional practise of Mathematics at an advanced level, technical standing, and commitment to remain at the forefront of Mathematics theory and practise throughout one's professional career.
The required standard for Chartered Mathematician registration is typically an accredited UK MMath degree, at least five years of peer-reviewed professional practise of advanced Mathematics, attainment of a senior-level of technical standing, and an ongoing commitment to Continuing Professional Development.
A Chartered Mathematician is entitled to use the post-nominal letters CMath, in accordance with the Royal Charter granted to the IMA by the Privy Council. The profession of Chartered Mathematician is a 'regulated profession' under the European professional qualification directives.
See also
Institute of Mathematics and its Applications
References
External links
Institute of Mathematics and its Applications website
Mathematics education in the United Kingdom
Mathematician
Mathematics
Brunswick Estate may refer to:
Brunswick (Hove), Sussex
Brunswick, West Midlands (Wednesbury)
"Date Rape" is a song by the band Sublime originally recorded for their 1992 debut album, 40 Oz. to Freedom. It was first released as a single in 1991, but did not become a hit until four years later, when the Los Angeles radio station KROQ began adding it into their playlists and it quickly became one of their most requested songs.
Lyrics and meaning
The song is about a woman who gets date raped by a man who in return gets anally raped while in prison.
Background
Bradley Nowell explained,
"I've never raped anyone at least as far as I can remember. We were at a party a long time ago and we were all talking about how much date rape sucked. This guy was like, "Date rape isn't so bad; if it wasn't for date rape I'd never get laid." Everyone at the party was bummed out about it, but I was cracking up and I wrote a funny song about it."
Although "Date Rape" is one of Sublime's most popular songs, it barely made it on their first CD. Nowell and the other members of the band thought of it as one of their worst songs, often being reluctant to play it during live shows when fans screamed out requests for it.
Music video
Pornographic actor Ron Jeremy stars in the "Date Rape" music video. Jeremy plays both the judge at the rape trial and the "large inmate" who rapes the man who sexually assaulted the female protagonist of the song.
Legacy
The song was covered by Fishbone (whom Sublime cited as an influence) on both the 2005 Sublime tribute album Look at All the Love We Found and Fishbone's own 2006 album Still Stuck in Your Throat. The cover's video was directed by Renee Tod and Josh Fischel (of the band Bargain Music), the latter of which is the director of the Sublime documentary Stories, Tales, Lies & Exaggerations.
"Date Rape" is also featured in the soundtrack for the video game BMX XXX.
References
External links
Date Rape lyrics
A flyer written by Bradley and the rest of the band about the song (JPG, 110 kB)
1991 debut singles
1995 singles
Sublime (band) songs
1991 songs
MCA Records singles
Songs written by Bradley Nowell
Songs about prison
Works about rape
Songs about sexual assault
Maïga may refer to:
Abdoulaye Idrissa Maïga (born 1958), prime minister of Mali in 2017
Abdoulaye Maïga, ambassador of Mali to the United States in 1960 and Czechoslovakia, Bulgaria and Rumania in 1964
Abdoulaye Maïga (officer) (born 1981), appointed interim prime minister of Mali in August 2022
Abdoulaye Maïga (footballer) (born 1988), Malian professional footballer
Aïssa Maïga (born 1975), Senegalese/French actress
Aminata Maïga Ka (1940–2005), Senegalese writer
Choguel Kokalla Maïga (born 1958), prime minister of Mali 2021–2022
Habib Maïga (born 1996), Ivorian footballer
Modibo Maïga (born 1987), Malian footballer
Ousmane Issoufi Maïga (born 1946), prime minister of Mali 2004–2007
Soumeylou Boubèye Maïga (1954–2022), prime minister of Mali 2017–2019
Surnames
Surnames of African origin
Reial Club Deportiu Espanyol de Barcelona is a Spanish association football club based in Barcelona. This list encompasses honours won by Espanyol and records set by the club and their players.
Statistics
Statistics in La Liga
Seasons in La Liga: 85
Best position in La Liga: 3 (2 times)
Worst position in La Liga: 20 (2019–20)
Most goals scored in a season: 82 (1950–51)
Most goals scored in a match: Espanyol 8 - Real Sociedad 0 (1941–42)
Most goals conceded in a match: Athletic Bilbao 9 - Espanyol 0 (1928–29)
Overall seasons table in La Liga
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Pos.
! Club
! Season In D1
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! Dif.
! Pts
!Champion
!2nd place
!3rd place
!4th place
|-
|align=center|7
|Espanyol
|align=center|85
|align=center|2740
|align=center|979
|align=center|642
|align=center|1119
|align=center|3720
|align=center|4034
|align=center|-314
|align=center|2919
| align=center bgcolor=gold| 0
| align=center bgcolor=silver| 0
| align=center bgcolor=bronze| 4
| align=center | 5
|}
Last updated: 1 September 2020
Pos. = Position; Pl = Match played; W = Win; D = Draw; L = Lost; GS = Goals Scored; GA = Goals against; P = Points.
Colors: Gold = winner; Silver = runner-up.
General statistics
All-time top scorer: Raúl Tamudo with 140 goals
Most Appearances: Raúl Tamudo with 389 matches
Player who has won most titles: José Prat, David García, Alberto Lopo, Mauricio Pochettino and Raúl Tamudo with 2 titles
Milestone goals in La Liga
Goalscoring records
Domestic league goals
Zamora Winners
References
Records And Statistics
Espanyol
Records
Kratié municipality () is a municipality (krong) located in Kratié province, in Cambodia.
Administration
The district is subdivided into 5 communes (khum).
References
Districts of Kratié province
Sterling Sharp (born May 30, 1995) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Boston Red Sox organization. He has previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Miami Marlins.
Career
High school and college
Sharp was originally selected by the Atlanta Braves in the 30th round of the 2013 MLB draft out of North Farmington High School in Farmington Hills, Michigan. He elected not to sign, instead honoring a commitment to Eastern Michigan University. Three years later, Sharp was drafted by the Washington Nationals in the 22nd round of the 2016 MLB draft and elected to sign. At the time he was drafted by the Nationals, Sharp was playing for the Drury University Panthers after transferring from Eastern Michigan. He was only the second player from Drury to be drafted by an MLB team at the time of his signing.
Washington Nationals
Sharp made his professional debut with the GCL Nationals, and after posting a 3–0 record with a 3.24 earned run average (ERA) and 1.27 walks plus hits per inning pitched (WHIP), was promoted to the Auburn Doubledays, where he made one start to end the season. He began 2017 with the Hagerstown Suns and was later promoted to the Potomac Nationals. In 24 total games (22 starts) between both teams, he pitched to a 6–11 record, a 3.97 ERA and a 1.33 WHIP in combined innings. He was also called upon by the major-league club toward the end of the year to pitch to hitters rehabbing from injury or preparing for the 2017 National League Division Series.
In 2018, Sharp returned to the Potomac Nationals and was named a Carolina League All-Star. He was promoted to the Double-A Harrisburg Senators for the first time in June 2018. He also made the MLB Pipeline list of top Nationals prospects, being ranked as the organization's 14th-best prospect the following month, the Nationals' fastest riser on the list. After the 2018 season, Baseball America ranked Sharp as the Nationals' eighth-best prospect. In 2019, Sharp battled injury issues, missing almost three months of the regular season with an oblique strain. Making up for lost time, he pitched for the Surprise Saguaros in the Arizona Fall League, earning pitcher-of-the-week honors for the week of October 7, 2019.
Miami Marlins
On December 12, 2019, Sharp was selected third overall in the 2019 Rule 5 draft by the Miami Marlins. He did not play in the minor leagues during 2020, as the minor-league season was cancelled. On August 5, 2020, Sharp made his MLB debut. He was designated for assignment on August 24. In four major-league appearances, Sharp pitched to a 10.13 ERA, having allowed 6 earned runs over innings of relief while striking out three batters.
Washington Nationals (second stint)
On August 27, 2020, Sharp was returned to the Nationals organization by the Marlins. The Nationals added him to their 60-man player pool at their alternate training site in Fredericksburg, Virginia. During 2021, Sharp split time between Double-A Harrisburg and the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings; in 19 total appearances (17 starts), he compiled a 4–6 record with 4.43 ERA while striking out 59 batters in innings. Sharp again pitched for Rochester in 2022, posting a 2–5 record in 18 appearances (13 starts) with 59 strikeouts in innings and a 6.62 ERA. On August 5, 2022, Sharp was released by the Nationals.
Boston Red Sox
On August 9, 2022, Sharp signed a minor-league contract with the Boston Red Sox.
Pitching style
Sharp pitches right-handed. In 2017, after studying footage of Blake Treinen, Zach Britton, and others, he developed a sinker that had become his primary pitch by the 2018 season, largely supplanting his low-90s fastball in his arsenal. In addition to his sinker and straight fastball, Sharp also throws an above-average changeup and a slider.
In the media, Sharp has drawn some attention for the similarity of his name to retired National Football League wide receiver Sterling Sharpe.
See also
Rule 5 draft results
References
External links
Drury Panthers bio
1995 births
Living people
African-American baseball players
Auburn Doubledays players
Baseball players from Michigan
Drury Panthers baseball players
Eastern Michigan Eagles baseball players
Gulf Coast Nationals players
Hagerstown Suns players
Harrisburg Senators players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Miami Marlins players
People from Farmington Hills, Michigan
Potomac Nationals players
Rochester Red Wings players
Surprise Saguaros players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
Madison Mallards players
21st-century African-American men
Trailer Life is a magazine that reviews recreational vehicles, provides articles on travel trailers and towing as well a focus on the outdoors, recent trends and popular destinations.
History
Trailer Life was founded in July 1941 as Western Trailer Life, in California. In 1958, Los Angeles advertising executive Art Rouse purchased the magazine. In 1992, Trailer Life Enterprises became part of the umbrella company Affinity Group Inc., since renamed Good Sam Enterprises.
References
External links
Trailer Life Magazine Website
Instagrammable Places In London
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Caravans and travel trailers
Magazines established in 1941
Magazines published in California
Mass media in Ventura County, California
Tourism magazines
The fifth season of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants, created by former marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg, aired on Nickelodeon from February 19, 2007, to July 19, 2009, and contained 20 half-hour episodes. The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom. The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg and writer Paul Tibbitt, who also acted as the showrunner.
The season received high acclaim from media critics and fans. The show itself received some recognition, including the Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon in 2007. At the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards, the episodes "The Inmates of Summer" and "The Two Faces of Squidward" were nominated for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour), but lost to The Simpsons episode "Eternal Moonshine of the Simpson Mind". The show won the 2007 BAFTA Children's Awards for the International category. Tom Kenny was nominated at the 35th Annie Awards for Best Voice Acting in an Animated Television Production for his role as SpongeBob SquarePants in the episode "Spy Buddies".
Several compilation DVDs that contained episodes from the season were released. The SpongeBob SquarePants: Season 5, Volume 1 and 2 DVDs were released in Region 1 on September 4, 2007, and November 18, 2008, respectively, while the complete season set was released in Region 2 on November 3, 2008, and Region 4 on November 7, 2008. The first volume was released before the episode "Fungus Among Us" aired in the United States; the second volume was released before the episode "Goo Goo Gas" aired. On November 13, 2012, The Complete Fifth Season DVD was released in Region 1.
Production
The season aired on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom, and was produced by United Plankton Pictures and Nickelodeon Animation Studio. The season's executive producers were series creator Stephen Hillenburg and Paul Tibbitt, who also acted as the series' showrunner. While most episodes consisted of two shorts that were about eleven minutes long or specials that lasted the whole episode, certain episodes were made of one full eleven-minute episode, and two shorts, one of which was seven minutes long and the other only four minutes long. The animation was handled overseas in South Korea at Rough Draft Studios. Throughout the series run, from 1999 to 2008, SpongeBob SquarePants was drawn and animated using pencils. In 2008, the crew shifted and used Wacom Cintiqs for the drawings, instead of pencils. The episode "Pest of the West" was the first episode in the series that the crew used it. Series background designer Kenny Pittenger said that "the only real difference between the way we draw now and the way we drew then is that we abandoned pencil and paper during the fifth season." The crew began the shift while they were working on the episode. Pittenger said that "it was while we were working on 'Pest of the West', one of the half-hour specials, that we made the switch... did you notice?" The shift to Wacom Cintiqs let the designers and animators draw on computer screen and make immediate changes or undo mistakes. Pittenger said "Many neo-Luddites—er... I mean, many of my cohorts—don't like working on them, but I find them useful. There's no substitute for the immediacy of drawing on a piece of paper, of course, but digital nautical nonsense is still pretty fun."
Animation directors credited with episodes in the fifth season included Larry Leichliter, Andrew Overtoom, Alan Smart, and Tom Yasumi. Episodes were written by a team of writers, which consisted of Casey Alexander, Steven Banks, Charlie Bean, Luke Brookshier, Nate Cash, Zeus Cervas, Tim Hill, Tom King, Dani Michaeli, Greg Miller, Chris Mitchell, Mike Mitchell, Richard Pursel, Chris Reccardi, Eric Shaw, Aaron Springer, and Tuck Tucker. The season was storyboarded by Alexander, Bean, Brookshier, Cash, Cervas, King, Miller, Chris Mitchell, Mike Mitchell, Reccardi, Springer, and Tucker.
Cast
The fifth season featured Tom Kenny as the voice of the title character SpongeBob SquarePants and his pet snail Gary. SpongeBob's best friend, a starfish named Patrick Star, was voiced by Bill Fagerbakke, while Rodger Bumpass played the voice of Squidward Tentacles, an arrogant and ill-tempered octopus. Other members of the cast were Clancy Brown as Mr. Krabs, a miserly crab obsessed with money who is SpongeBob's boss at the Krusty Krab; Mr. Lawrence as Plankton, a small green copepod and Mr. Krabs' business rival; Jill Talley as Karen, Plankton's sentient computer sidekick; Carolyn Lawrence as Sandy Cheeks, a squirrel from Texas; Mary Jo Catlett as Mrs. Puff, SpongeBob's boating school teacher; and Lori Alan as Pearl, a teenage whale who is Mr. Krabs' daughter.
In addition to the regular cast members, episodes feature guest voices from many ranges of professions, including actors, musicians, and artists. In the episode "The Original Fry Cook", American comedian and actor Patton Oswalt guest starred as the voice of Jim, a fry cook who had worked at the Krusty Krab before SpongeBob was hired. Oswalt reflected on his voice-over work for the episode, saying "The best part was that I sat next to Clancy Brown in the studio. I'm a big Highlander fan, so to see him do Mr. Krabs was really fun." In the episode "Night Light", Ernest Borgnine and Tim Conway returned to reprise their roles as Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy, respectively. Bob Joles replaced John Rhys Davies as the voice of Man Ray, as they both previously starred in The Jungle Book 2 as the respective voices of Ranjan's father and Bagheera. It was also guest starred by Mark Hamill as the voice of the Moth. Brian Doyle-Murray reprised his role as the Flying Dutchman for "Money Talks". American film and book critic Gene Shalit made a vocal cameo in "The Krusty Sponge" as his "[fish-]likeness", Gene Scallop. In the special episode and television film SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis, English musician and actor David Bowie guest starred as Lord Royal Highness (LRH). Bowie accepted the role when he was persuaded by his 6-year-old daughter, Alexandria Zahra, who is a fan of the show. Bowie wrote in his blog that he "[is] hit the Holy Grail of animation gigs. We, the family, are thrilled. Nothing else need to happen this year, well, this week anyway." In "BlackJack", Marion Ross returned to reprise her role as the voice of Grandma SquarePants. The episode was also guest starred by John DiMaggio as BlackJack SquarePants, SpongeBob's cousin. In "The Inmates of Summer", R. Lee Ermey appeared as the Prison Warden. In the entry "20,000 Patties Under the Sea", American musician and Kiss vocalist Gene Simmons guest starred as the Sea Monster, while his wife, Shannon Tweed, voiced the Mother. Ray Liotta guest starred in the episode "WhoBob WhatPants?" as Trevor, the leader of New Kelp City's Bubble Poppin Boys gang, and the main villain in the episode. In "Banned in Bikini Bottom", Andrea Martin voiced the character of Ms. Gristlepuss. English-American actor and director Christopher Guest voiced Stanley S. SquarePants, SpongeBob's cousin, in the episode of the same name.
Reception
In 2008, Tom Kenny was nominated at the 35th Annie Awards for Best Voice Acting in an Animated Television Production for his role as SpongeBob SquarePants in the episode "Spy Buddies". At the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards, the episode "The Inmates of Summer"/"The Two Faces of Squidward" was nominated for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour), but lost to The Simpsons episode "Eternal Moonshine of the Simpson Mind". At the BAFTA Children's Awards, the show won the International category. At the 2008 Golden Reel Awards, the episode "SpongeHenge" won the Best Sound Editing in Television: Animated category. The show itself received some recognition, including the Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon in 2009 and 2010. The series was nominated for the award in 2008, but lost to Avatar: The Last Airbender. The series also won the same category at the Philippines Kids' Choice Awards and Indonesia Kids' Choice Awards, held in 2008 and 2009, respectively. At the 2009 ASTRA Awards, the show was nominated for the Favourite International Program category. Furthermore, the show won the Choice TV Animated Show category at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards.
The season received largely positive reviews from media critics and fans. In his review for DVD Talk, Paul Mavis "highly recommended" the Volume 1 season set, saying "[This] is another winner from Nickelodeon DVD, and a must-have for parents who can't get enough of the braying little yellow sponge. Oh yeah; the kids will probably like it, too." Mavis also praised the voice actors who contributed on the show, and wrote "As funny as the stories are, and in this collection, there are some real gems, I can't stress enough the importance of those voice talents in conveying the unhinged, manic quality that is so integral to the success of SpongeBob SquarePants. In a separate review for the Volume 2 DVD, Mavis only "recommended" the set and wrote "SpongeBob may, and I repeat, 'may,' be starting to level off." He particularly criticized the later entries as "indication of that potential trend."
Roy Hrab of DVD Verdict was positive on the season, but wrote "I do not think that adults will be as entertained as in previous seasons. The comedy is more targeted at the kids than in the past." In particular, Hrab cited the episode "Rise and Shine" as "tiresome (for adults, anyway; kids will enjoy it)." In conclusion, he said "there's nothing new here and adults will be disappointed, but the latest installment of SpongeBob SquarePants delivers a lot of silly and good-natured fun for the kids and there's nothing wrong with that." In the Volume 2 review also for the DVD Verdict, Dennis Prince said "[The season] is not the series' best work but, nevertheless, is an improvement". He added "[It] delivers more of what SpongeBob fans crave."
Episodes
The episodes are ordered below according to Nickelodeon's packaging order, and not their original production or broadcast order.
DVD release
The first 20 segment episodes of the fifth season were released on DVD by Paramount Home Entertainment in the United States and Canada on September 4, 2007. The "Volume 1" DVD release features bonus material including "Bubble Burst Trivia" for "Friend or Foe" and "The Krusty Sponge". The remaining 21 segment episodes of the season were also released under the title "Volume 2" in the United States and Canada on November 18, 2008. In Region 2 and 4, the DVD release for the season was a complete set. On November 13, 2012, The Complete Fifth Season DVD was released in Region 1, three years after the season had completed broadcast on television.
Notes
References
External links
Season 5 at IMDb
Season 5 at Metacritic
2007 American television seasons
2008 American television seasons
2009 American television seasons
SpongeBob SquarePants seasons
The Roman Catholic Church in Tanzania is composed of 7 ecclesiastical provinces and 27 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Tanzania
Ecclesiastical Province of Arusha
Archdiocese of Arusha
Diocese of Mbulu
Diocese of Moshi
Diocese of Same
Ecclesiastical Province of Dar-es-Salaam
Archdiocese of Dar-es-Salaam
Diocese of Morogoro
Diocese of Tanga
Diocese of Zanzibar
Diocese of Ifakara
Diocese of Mahenge
Ecclesiastical Province of Dodoma
Archdiocese of Dodoma
Diocese of Kondoa
Diocese of Singida
Ecclesiastical Province of Mbeya
Archdiocese of Mbeya
Diocese of Iringa
Diocese of Sumbawanga
Ecclesiastical Province of Mwanza
Archdiocese of Mwanza
Diocese of Bukoba
Diocese of Bunda
Diocese of Geita
Diocese of Kayanga
Diocese of Musoma
Diocese of Rulenge-Ngara
Diocese of Shinyanga
Ecclesiastical Province of Songea
Archdiocese of Songea
Diocese of Lindi
Diocese of Mbinga
Diocese of Mtwara
Diocese of Njombe
Diocese of Tunduru-Masasi
Ecclesiastical Province of Tabora
Archdiocese of Tabora
Diocese of Kahama
Diocese of Kigoma
Diocese of Mpanda
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Tanzania
Catholic dioceses
Csonka is a Hungarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Árpád Csonka (born 1991), Slovak football striker
Ferenc Csonka (fl. 1950s), Hungarian sprint canoer
János Csonka (1852–1939), Hungarian engineer
Larry Csonka (born 1946), American football (NFL) fullback
Paul Csonka (1905–1995), Austrian composer and opera conductor
Zsófia Csonka (born 1983), Hungarian sport-shooter
See also
Csonka (disambiguation)
Hungarian-language surnames
Horus Engels (1914–1991), German painter
Richard Engels, American politician, state representative in South Dakota
Rick Engles (born 1954), professional American football player
See also
Richard Engel (disambiguation)
Shipman is a census-designated place (CDP) in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 507.
Bon Aire and the Oak Ridge Railroad Overpass are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
Virginia Trend Report 2: State and Complete Places (Sub-state 2010 Census Data)
Census-designated places in Nelson County, Virginia
The Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Documentary Feature is a retired award given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association from 1995 to 2015. In 2016, the association started a new set of awards for documentary features called the Critics' Choice Documentary Awards.
List of winners and nominees
1990s
1995: Crumb
1996: When We Were Kings
1997: 4 Little Girls
1998: Wild Man Blues
1999: Buena Vista Social Club
2000s
2000: The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg
2001: N/A
2002: Bowling for Columbine
The Kid Stays in the Picture
Standing in the Shadows of Motown
2003: Capturing the Friedmans
The Fog of War
Ghosts of the Abyss
2004: Fahrenheit 9/11
Control Room
Metallica: Some Kind of Monster
Super Size Me
2005: March of the Penguins
Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room
Grizzly Man
Mad Hot Ballroom
Murderball
2006: An Inconvenient Truth
Dixie Chicks: Shut Up and Sing
This Film Is Not Yet Rated
Who Killed the Electric Car?
Wordplay
2007: Sicko
Darfur Now
In the Shadow of the Moon
The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters
No End in Sight
Sharkwater
2008: Man on Wire
Darfur Now
I.O.U.S.A.
Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired
Standard Operating Procedure
Young@Heart
2009: The Cove
Anvil! The Story of Anvil
Capitalism: A Love Story
Food, Inc.
Michael Jackson's This Is It
2010s
2010: Waiting for "Superman"
Exit Through the Gift Shop
Inside Job
Joan Rivers: A Piece of Work
Restrepo
The Tillman Story
2011: George Harrison: Living in the Material World
Buck
Cave of Forgotten Dreams
Page One: Inside the New York Times
Project Nim
Undefeated
2012: Searching for Sugar Man
Bully
The Central Park Five
The Imposter
The Queen of Versailles
West of Memphis
2013: 20 Feet from Stardom
The Act of Killing
Blackfish
Stories We Tell
Tim's Vermeer
2014: Life Itself
Citizenfour
Glen Campbell: I'll Be Me
Jodorowsky's Dune
Last Days in Vietnam
The Overnighters
2015: Amy
Cartel Land
Going Clear
He Named Me Malala
The Look of Silence
Where to Invade Next
See also
Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature
BAFTA Award for Best Documentary
Critics' Choice Documentary Award for Best Documentary Feature
Golden Globe Award for Best Documentary Film
Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature
References
External links
Official website of Critics' Choice Awards
F
Lists of films by award
American documentary film awards
Awards established in 1995
Awards disestablished in 2015
The (CERO) is a Japanese entertainment rating organization based in Tokyo that rates video game content in console games with levels of ratings that informs the customer(s) of the nature of the product and what age group it is suitable for. It was established in June 2002 as a branch of Computer Entertainment Supplier's Association, and became an officially recognized nonprofit organization under Japanese law in December 2003.
CERO rating marks
On March 1, 2006, CERO implemented the latest revision of its rating system. The symbols that CERO uses are stylized Latin letters, named after academic grading, except "F" is replaced with "Z". Each is meant to convey a game's suitability for minors. "CERO rating marks" are grouped broadly into "age classification marks" and "other marks". Age classification marks include the following five marks. One of the marks is indicated on the left bottom of the game box front, and a corresponding color bar is also shown on the box spine. (Bar colors: black for "A"; green for "B"; blue for "C"; orange for "D"; red for "Z")
Content icons
In April 2004, CERO defined the following "content icons". Content icons represent that the age classification decision has been made based on the expressions belonging to one (or more) of the content icons. They are grouped into nine categories. These icons are displayed on the back of all game boxes except on those rated "A" or "Educational/Database".
Rating process
According to Kazuya Watanabe, CERO's senior director, the group of assessors is composed of five regular people unaffiliated with the game industry. They are trained by rating past games. The rating process is determined by 30 different expressions, each with an upper limit. The expressions that exceed the upper limit are designated as "banned expressions". In addition, six expressions are not allowed and are also considered to be banned expressions. The expressions are categorized into four different types: "Sex-related expression type" (Love, Sexual Content), "Violence expression type" (Violence, Horror), "Antisocial act expression type" (Drinking/Smoking, Gambling, Crime, Drugs), and "Language and ideology-related expression type" (Language). Each expression is rated using the A to Z scale that the rating marks use. After the group evaluates the game, the results are sent to CERO's main office where the final rating attempts to use the majority of the evaluators' ratings.
Scandals and controversy
One month after the initial release of Atelier Meruru: The Apprentice of Arland, shipments of it were halted due to it having been mis-rated. It was re-released a few days later with a B rating from CERO. Its A (All Ages) rating was revoked and it was given a B (Ages 12+) rating instead, due to some suggestive themes featured in the game. The game was originally rated for all ages due to Gust allegedly not providing them with the complete content of the game for them to review.
CERO has been criticized for being stricter on content in games when compared to other rating boards, a 2020 example being The Last of Us Part II. Despite receiving a Z (Ages 18+ only) rating, which is the maximum rating a game could receive from CERO, it was still censored with an example being the game's sexual content, where a sex scene that is featured in the game was censored. In the Japanese version, the scene cuts out just a short time after both characters begin kissing, removing the nudity seen in other versions of the game. The game also received some censorship of its violence, as some of the gore and dismemberment seen in the game was removed in the Japanese version.
References
External links
Video game organizations
Video game content ratings systems
Entertainment rating organizations
Video gaming in Japan
2002 establishments in Japan
Organizations established in 2002
Censorship in Japan
Mass media companies
George St George (2 July 1682 – 23 December 1762) was an Irish politician. He sat in the Irish House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Athlone from 1723 to 1761.
He was the son of Henry St George of Wooodsgift, County Kilkenny, which had been granted to the St George family in 1666, and Ann Hatfield, daughter of Ridgely Hatfield, Alderman of Dublin.
He married Elizabeth Bligh, daughter of Thomas Bligh and Elizabeth Napier, and sister of John Bligh, 1st Earl of Darnley. They were the parents of Sir Richard St George, 1st Baronet.
References
1682 births
1762 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for Athlone
Irish MPs 1715–1727
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Irish MPs 1761–1768
Sni-A-Bar may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Missouri:
Sni-A-Bar Creek
Sni-A-Bar Township, Jackson County, Missouri
Sni-A-Bar Township, Lafayette County, Missouri
Heinrich Albert (16 July 1870 – 12 March 1950) was a German guitarist, composer and teacher – the most prominent German classical guitarist of his time.
Life
Heinrich Albert was born in Würzburg and initially learned violin and horn, studying the latter at the Königliche Musikschule [Royal Music School] Würzburg (1881–8). Following his studies he played in various orchestras in Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, and Russia. Between 1895 and 1900 he was a member of the Kaim Orchestra, the predecessor of the Munich Philharmonic, playing under such renowned conductors as Felix Weingartner, Arthur Nikisch, Ferdinand Löwe, and Gustav Mahler. Around 1892 he began to teach himself the guitar, aided, from about 1905, by Luigi Mozzani. His performing career, both as guitarist and as conductor of a mandolin orchestra, lasted from 1900 to 1943. In 1900 he began to establish himself as a full-time teacher of guitar and mandolin in Munich. Among his most prominent pupils were Luise Walker and the comedian Karl Valentin. In 1909, he was appointed "Kammervirtuose" [chamber virtuoso] by Marie of Bavaria. Around 1910, he founded a unique guitar quartet following the principles of the string quartet, using instruments in various sizes. Apart from his compositions and arrangements, Albert edited a number of guitar tutorials, notably the Moderner Lehrgang des künstlerischen Gitarrespiels (5 volumes, 1914–9). The increasing success of the Spanish approach to the guitar after 1920 seems to have frustrated him.
The Hamburg-based Heinrich Albert Duo is named after him. In 2007, they issued a CD with the collected duos by Albert (see 'Selected recordings').
Music
As a teacher, composer and editor of guitar music around 1900, Heinrich Albert's only "rival" in Europe was Francisco Tárrega. In comparison to Tárrega, Albert was more active in editing chamber music including the guitar, less so for solo guitar. He arranged and published 11 volumes of "Hausmusik" for flute or violin, viola and guitar and 23 volumes of Die Gitarre in der Haus- und Kammermusik vor 100 Jahren [The guitar in home and chamber music 100 years ago] (from 1918).
Albert's 5-volume guitar method was unrivalled in German-speaking countries for several decades and have unjustly fallen into neglect, as several experts acknowledge their value to this day.
As a composer, Albert was a Classicist, occasionally using a freer harmonic approach with an accessible degree of technical difficulty. Some of his music makes use of elements of Italian and Spanish folkmusic. His works were played by most major guitarists in the first half of the 20th century. He was then largely forgotten and has been rediscovered only after around 2000.
Selected compositions
Original compositions
for guitar: 2 solo sonatas, 2 solo sonatinas, 8 duos, 4 trios, 2 quartets
chamber music with guitar: Hausmusik (11 vols.) for flute/violin, viola, guitar; 4 chamber trios for the same
songs with guitar accompaniment, e.g. Moderne Gitarre- und Lautenlieder (5 vols., Leipzig & Berlin, 1919)
Methods
Moderne Lauten- oder Gitarre-Schule (2 vols.; Leipzig, 1912 and 1923)
Neue Mandolinenschule (Leipzig, 1913)
Moderner Lehrgang des künstlerischen Gitarrespiels (5 vols.; Munich, 1914–9)
Gitarre. Solospiel-Studien (Leipzig, 1923)
Gitarre. Etüden-Werk (6 vols.; Leipzig 1927–8)
Der junge Gitarrist (Berlin, 1937)
Der junge Mandolinist (Berlin, 1937)
Editions
23 volumes of Die Gitarre in der Haus- und Kammermusik vor 100 Jahren (Berlin, 1918 ff.); incl. works for guitar and piano; ; for violin and guitar; for flute, viola and guitar; for 3 guitars; for guitar and string quartet, by Luigi Boccherini, Leonhard von Call, Ferdinando Carulli, Anton Diabelli, Mauro Giuliani, Filippo Gragnani, Joseph Kreutzer, Wenzel Matiegka, Francesco Molino.
Selected recordings
Heinrich Albert: Ausgewählte Werke für Gitarre solo, performed by Andreas Stevens, on: Aurea Vox 2009-4 (CD, 2006). Contains 22 works for solo guitar.
Heinrich Albert: 8 Duos for Guitars, performed by Heinrich Albert Duo (Joachim Schrader & Jan Erler), on: Musikproduktion Dabringhaus & Grimm MDG 603 1429-2 (CD, 2007)
SoloDuoTrioQuartett, performed by Volker Höh (solos) and the Cantomano Quartet, on: Naxos Deutschland 8.551291 (CD, 2012). Contains: Sonate Nr. 1 (1920) and Walzer (1947) for guitar solo and the Quartet no. 2 in C minor (1913), also works by Bruno Henze (1900–1978) and Simon Schneider (1886–1971).
Gitarrenmusik der deutschen Romantik, performed by David Silvan Weiß, on: Vitula Musik [no catalogue number]. Contains: Sechs Konzert-Etüden (Six Concert Studies) (1928), also works by Eduard Bayer and Adam Darr.
Fogli d'album, performed by Alberto La Rocca (10-string guitar) on CD GuitArt 10/2015. Contains: Sonata no. 1.
Bibliography
Philipp Schweitzer: "Heinrich Albert", in: Die Zupfmusik, no. 2, June 1970.
Luise Walker: Ein Leben mit der Gitarre. Hommage für Heinrich Albert (Frankfurt: Zimmermann, 1989).
Jürgen Libbert: "In memoriam Heinrich Albert", in: Gitarre aktuell 21 (2000), no. 1, p. 50–5.
Andreas Stevens: "Heinrich Albert und die Volksmusik", in: Sänger & Musikanten 48 (2005) no. 1.
Andreas Stevens: "Heinrich Albert und die Mandoline", in: Concertino 59 (2006) no. 4, p. 202–6.
References
1870 births
1950 deaths
20th-century classical composers
20th-century German composers
20th-century German male musicians
20th-century guitarists
Composers for the classical guitar
German classical composers
German classical guitarists
German male classical composers
German male guitarists
German mandolinists
Musicians from Würzburg
This is a list of television programs broadcast by Boomerang in the UK and Ireland.
Current programming
Be Cool, Scooby-Doo! (5 October 2015 - 2018; 2019 - present)
Ben 10 (23 September 2017-2017; 2021-present)
The Boss Baby: Back in Business (2 March 2020 - 2 April 2021; 2022 - present)
Grizzy and the Lemmings (2016-2017; 2018; 2019-2020; 2021-present)
Looney Tunes Cartoons (7 June 2021-6 September 2021; 1 November 2021-31 January 2022; 2022-present)
Moley (4 October 2021-present)
Mr. Bean: The Animated Series (2010-present)
Mush-Mush and the Mushables (1 March 2021-1 March 2022; 2022-present)
Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu (22 August 2022 - present)
Scooby-Doo and Guess Who? (7 October 2019 - present)
Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated (6 September 2010 - 2018; 2019 - 2020; 2021 - present)
The Tom and Jerry Show (12 April 2014 - 22 October 2021, 2022 - present)
Tom and Jerry in New York (1 November 2021-present)
Tom and Jerry Tales (24 February 2006 - 2021; 2022 - present)
What's New Scooby-Doo? (7 April 2003 - present)
Reruns of Ended series
Former programming
The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo
The Addams Family
The Addams Family
The Adventures of Puss in Boots
The Amazing Adrenalini Brothers
The Amazing World of Gumball
Animaniacs (original series)
Atom Ant
Baby Looney Tunes
The Banana Splits
Bananas in Pyjamas
Best Ed
Blue Water High
Bunnicula
Camp Lazlo
Captain Caveman and the Teen Angels
Casper's Scare School
Challenge of the GoBots
The Charlie Brown and Snoopy Show
Chowder
Cow and Chicken
Count Duckula
The Cramp Twins
Danger Mouse
Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines
Dexter's Laboratory
Dink the Little Dinosaur
Doraemon
Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz
DreamWorks Dragons
Droopy
Duck Dodgers
Dynomutt
Fangface
The Flintstones
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends
Fraggle Rock
Frankenstein Jr. and The Impossibles
Gadget Boy
Galaxy Goof-Ups
Garfield and Friends
The Garfield Show
The Gary Coleman Show
George of the Jungle (2007 reboot)
Firehouse Tales
The Happos Family
Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!
The Hillbilly Bears
Hong Kong Phooey
Huckleberry Hound
Inch High Private Eye
Inspector Gadget (original series)
Inspector Gadget (2015 reboot)
Jabberjaw
Jelly Jamm
The Jetsons
Johnny Bravo
Jonny Quest
Josie and the Pussycats
Josie and the Pussycats in Outer Space
The Jungle Bunch
King Arthur's Disasters
Kingdom Force
Krypto the Superdog
Laff-A-Lympics
The Land Before Time
Lamput
The Latest Buzz
LazyTown
Life With Derek
Looney Tunes
The Looney Tunes Show
Magilla Gorilla
Make Shake & Jake
Masha and the Bear
Master Moley by Royal Invitation (TV special)
Mighty Mike
Mr. Bean (live action)
My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic
My Spy Family
New Looney Tunes (formerly Wabbit)
The New Scooby-Doo Movies
The New Scooby-Doo Mysteries
The New Yogi Bear Show
Oddbods
The Owl & Co
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop
The Pink Panther
Pink Panther & Pals
The Pink Panther Show
Pat the Dog
Pixie and Dixie
Popeye
Pororo the Little Penguin
Pound Puppies
The Powerpuff Girls (original series)
The Powerpuff Girls (2016 reboot)
Puppy in My Pocket: Adventures in Pocketville
Quick Draw McGraw
The Raccoons
Roobarb and Custard
Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo
Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo
The Scooby-Doo Show
Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!
Shaggy & Scooby-Doo Get a Clue!
Secret Squirrel
Sitting Ducks
Skatoony
The Smurfs
The Snorks
Sonic Boom
Space Ghost
Spaced Out
Strawberry Shortcake's Berry Bitty Adventures
The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries
Taffy
Talking Tom and Friends
The Tex Avery Show
Thunderbirds
Tiny Toon Adventures
Tom and Jerry
Tom & Jerry Kids
Top Cat
Touché Turtle and Dum Dum
Wacky Races (original series)
Wacky Races (reboot series)
Wally Gator
Yabba-Dabba Dinosaurs
Yogi Bear
Yogi's Gang
Yogi's Space Race
Yogi's Treasure Hunt
The ZhuZhus
References
Boomerang (TV network)
British television-related lists
Boomerang
Boomerang
Cartoon Network-related lists
Warner Bros. Discovery EMEA
Mary Nelson "Nellie" Spicer (born July 3, 1987) is an American indoor volleyball player. She is a setter. Spicer is a member of the United States women's national volleyball team. She played college women's volleyball at UCLA.
References
1987 births
Living people
American women's volleyball players
Setters (volleyball)
People from Barrington, Illinois
Sportspeople from Illinois
American expatriate sportspeople in China
American expatriate sportspeople in Poland
American expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Expatriate volleyball players in China
Expatriate volleyball players in Poland
Expatriate volleyball players in Azerbaijan
UCLA Bruins women's volleyball players
HBO Comedy Half-Hour is a stand-up comedy television series of specials by various comedians, usually live from The Fillmore in San Francisco, with the format of a single comedian presenting a routine for thirty minutes. The series ran on HBO from 1994 to 1999. Comedians who appeared on the show include Louis C.K., Janeane Garofalo, Chris Rock, Dave Chappelle, Dave Attell, Gilbert Gottfried, Bobcat Goldthwait, Patton Oswalt, Norm Macdonald, Margaret Cho, Laura Kightlinger, David Cross, Steve Harvey, and many others.
Episode listing
Season 1 (1994)
Season 2 (1995)
Season 3 (1996)
Season 4 (1997)
External links
HBO Comedy Half-Hour in the Internet Movie Database
HBO original programming
1994 American television series debuts
1999 American television series endings
1990s American stand-up comedy television series
English-language television shows
Television series by Home Box Office
Eric D. Spoto (born October 22, 1976) is an American arm-wrestler and powerlifter, who specializes in the bench press. He previously held world record in the raw (unequipped) bench press with 722 lb (327.5 kg) achieved on May 19, 2013.
Early life
Eric Spoto was born and raised in Long Island, New York. He was interested in strength sports and powerlifting from early on. In the 90s he moved to Las Vegas with his family. While having never competed in a powerlifting meet he started competing in armwrestling occasionally and had unofficial practice match victories against arm wrestling champions including Allen Fisher, Michael Todd, Dave Randall and Travis Bagent.
Powerlifting career
Having previously trained with bench press world record-holder Scot Mendelson in Los Angeles, Spoto realized his potential of breaking Mendelson's raw bench press world record of . He decided to pause his arm wrestling career to start training specifically for the bench press in pursuit of that record. While training at Super Training Gym in Sacramento, California, owned by Mark Bell, lifting with Stan Efferding and Creed Childress, Spoto became popular in the powerlifting scene for posting bench press videos on YouTube, showing him pressing in excess of for multiple repetitions.
Eric entered his first official competition weighing on October 20, 2012 at Boad's Kings Of The Bench VII in Las Vegas, Nevada, where he benches pressed on his first and on his second attempt, becoming one of only three men in history to ever bench press 700 lb raw in an official competition and winning the prize money for the "Biggest Benchpress of the Show". Spoto also won the "500 Pound Strict-Bench-For-Reps Challenge" of the competition by pressing the 500 lb raw easily for ten repetitions with plenty more in the tank, outclassing the runner-up Al Davis by 3 reps.
In his second competition on November 3, 2012 at the 2012 SPF Mens Fall Open, titled "Backyard Meet of The Century", competing on the raw bench-only flight, Eric Spoto was expected to break the 715.0 lb raw record, but failed three times at attempting .
At the 2013 Southern Powerlifting Federation (SPF) California State Powerlifting Meet in Sacramento, California on May 19, 2013 Spoto competed again and finally broke the record. Eric successfully bench pressed on his first, 716 lb on his second and 722 pounds (327.5 kg) on his third attempt wearing only a singlet, belt and wrist wraps. By pressing 722 lb raw Eric Spoto achieved the highest bench press ever performed without the aid of a bench shirt, surpassing the previous mark of 715 lb, set by Scot Mendelson 8 years before in 2005. Eric Spoto is currently the #3 ranked raw bench presser in the world as of March 2020, when Julius Maddox set the American and world bench press record at 770 pounds 350 kg at the Arnold Sports Classic in Columbus.
Personal records
Powerlifting competition records:
done in official powerlifting meets
Raw Bench press – 722.0 lb (327.5 kg) @ 315.5 lb (SHW) raw with only wrist wraps and belt (May 19, 2013 SPF)
Powerlifting gym records (unofficial):
done in the gym (based on video footage)
Raw Bench press – for 45 reps
Raw Bench press – for 26 reps
Raw Bench press – for 17 reps
Raw Bench press – for 8 reps
Raw Bench press – for 4 reps
Raw Bench press – for 3 reps
Raw Bench press – for 2 reps 3 board press
Bench press – for 2 reps with slingshot
Bench press – for 1 rep with slingshot
Raw Bench Press Video Compilation http://ericspoto.com/videos/
Personal life
Born on October 22, 1976, Eric Spoto grew up in Nesconset, New York. He was the second of three children born to Danny and Pauline Spoto. He has two sisters – Stephanie and Gary. Today, he lives in Henderson, Nevada in the Las Vegas Valley.
See also
Progression of the bench press world record
Scot Mendelson
Big James Henderson
Jim Williams
Ted Arcidi
Siamand Rahman
References
Living people
American powerlifters
American people of Italian descent
1976 births
People from Nesconset, New York
People from Henderson, Nevada
Rio Bravo (Spanish: Río Bravo, meaning "Fierce River") is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California. It is located on the Southern Pacific Railroad south of Shafter, at an elevation of .
A post office operated at Rio Bravo from 1912 to 1919.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Unincorporated communities in California
Kharman Kola (, also Romanized as Kharman Kolā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 194, in 49 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
George Babington Parker (3 September 1839 – 13 March 1915) was a nineteenth-century Member of Parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand.
Parker was born in 1839. His parents were the judge Sir James Parker and his wife Mary Parker (née Babington). His grandfather was Thomas Babington. Archibald Smith was his brother-in-law, and James Parker was his younger brother.
He represented the Gladstone electorate from to 1875 when he retired.
He died in London in 1915.
References
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
1839 births
1915 deaths
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Ian Glen Collins (23 April 1903 – 20 March 1975) was a Scottish tennis player who represented Great Britain in the Davis Cup.
Collins, primarily a doubles player, never fully recovered from a broken leg in his youth but still had a lengthy tennis career. It was said that due to the contortion he made when he served he looked like a "monkey mounting a pole". He had broken his leg soon after arriving at Magdalen College, Oxford, from Harrow School. Prior to Harrow, he was educated at Sandroyd School. While at Harrow he had appeared in every Eton v Harrow cricket match from 1919 to 1922. He played cricket for the university as a batsman and in 1925 appeared in a first-class match against Middlesex. Two years later he represented Scotland in a first-class match against Ireland.
In 1927 he made his Wimbledon debut, the first of 12 Wimbledon Championships that he entered. He missed the Championship in 1933 after injuring himself riding, but appeared in the event every other time until 1939.
His Davis Cup partnership with Colin Gregory proved successful as they were undefeated in their six matches together, in 1929 and 1930. They also combined in major tournaments and made the finals of both the Australian Championship and Wimbledon in 1929. Collins and Gregory lost to Jack Crawford and Harry Hopman in the Australian final 6–1, 6–8, 4–6, 6–1, 6–3, but beat them in the 1930 Davis Cup. They narrowly lost the Wimbledon final in another five setter, to Wilmer Allison and John Van Ryn, 6–4, 5–7, 6–3, 10–12, 6–4. Collins was also a mixed doubles finalist in the 1929 Wimbledon Championship and again in 1931.
As a singles player, Collins had his best showing in 1930 when he reached the fourth round, before being eliminated by Bunny Austin. The following year he had the best win of his career when he defeated number one seed Henri Cochet in the second round of the 1931 Wimbledon Championship, 6–2, 8–6, 0–6, 6–3.
He won the Scottish Championships three consecutive times between 1926 and 1928, he was a finalist on six occasions between 1926 and 1936.
Grand Slam finals
Doubles : 2 runners-up
Mixed doubles : 2 runners-up
References
External links
1903 births
Scottish male tennis players
Scottish cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
People educated at Sandroyd School
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Sportspeople from Glasgow
1975 deaths
British male tennis players
ISO 3166-2:TL is the entry for East Timor in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for East Timor, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 12 municipalities and 1 special administrative region.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of East Timor. The second part is two letters.
Before it became independent from Indonesia in 2002, East Timor was officially assigned the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code . Moreover, it was also assigned the ISO 3166-2 code under the entry for Indonesia.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
ISO 639-1 and ISO 639-2 codes are used to represent subdivision names in the following administrative languages:
(pt): Portuguese
(-): Tetum
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998. ISO stopped issuing newsletters in 2013.
See also
Subdivisions of East Timor
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: TL
Districts of Timor-Leste, Statoids.com
2:TL
ISO 3166-2
East Timor geography-related lists
Russefjella is a mountain ridge in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has a length of about five kilometers, and is located east of Skilfonna. The highest peak on the ridge is 580 m.a.s.l.
References
Mountains of Spitsbergen
USS City of Corpus Christi (SSN-705), a , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Corpus Christi, Texas. The Navy originally planned to use the name "USS Corpus Christi."
Etymology
The "City of" prefix was added before its 1983 commissioning to clarify that the ship is meant to honor the city, in response to Catholic politicians who protested against naming a warship using Latin words which translate to "Body of Christ."
History
The contract to build her was awarded to the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation in Groton, Connecticut on 31 October 1973 and her keel was laid down on 4 September 1979. She was launched on 25 April 1981 sponsored by Mrs. John Tower, and commissioned on 8 January 1983. The ship's patch was chosen by the crew based on entries to an art contest sponsored by the Corpus Christi, Texas city government.
During the naval Exercise Malabar, between the navies of India, the United States and Japan, in a simulated battle, the Indian Navy's reportedly scored a kill against City of Corpus Christi. Sindhudhvaj is a Soviet-built , but upgraded with the Indian USHUS sonar.
The ship is currently berthed at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in Bremerton, Washington, having moved there after being deactivated on 30 May 2016.
References
This article includes information collected from the Naval Vessel Register and various press releases.
External links
Los Angeles-class submarines
Cold War submarines of the United States
Nuclear submarines of the United States Navy
Corpus Christi, Texas
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
1981 ships
Submarines of the United States
Lance J. Horbach (born February 14, 1958, in Grundy Center, Iowa) is the Iowa State Representative from the 40th District. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1998.
Horbach currently serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Economic Growth committee; the Judiciary committee; and the Labor committee, where he is the ranking member. He also serves on the Justice System Appropriations Subcommittee. His prior political experience includes serving as a Tama County Zoning Commissioner from 1996 to 1998.
A Republican, Horbach was re-elected in 2006 with 6,249 votes (55%), defeating Democratic opponent Sharon Owens.
Early life and education
Horbach was raised in Tama-Toeldo. He graduated from South Tama High School and received his BS from Iowa State University.
Career
Outside politics Horbach works for the Independent Insurance Services in Marshalltown, Iowa. He began working here in 2000 and is in charge of managing the IIS Nursing Home Program.
Organizations
He is a member of the following organizations:
Eagles Club
Lions Club
Farm Bureau
Family
Horbach is married to his wife Jody and together they have four children: Amy, Kendra, Melissa and Nick. They also have eight grandchildren.
References
External links
Representative Lance Horbach official Iowa General Assembly site
Profile at Iowa House Republicans
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Living people
1958 births
Iowa State University alumni
Iowa Republicans
People from Grundy Center, Iowa
People from Tama, Iowa
Do Do Sol Sol La La Sol () is a South Korean television series starring Go Ara, Lee Jae-wook and Kim Joo-hun. It was scheduled to premiere on KBS2 and Netflix on August 26, 2020. However, KBS postponed its premiere date to prevent the spread of COVID-19. The series aired from October 7 to November 26, 2020, every Wednesday and Thursday at 21:30 (KST).
Synopsis
A romantic-comedy about an energetic and cheerful pianist named Goo Ra-ra. She lost everything she had in a sudden, turning her lucky rich life to rags. While trying to rebuild her new life, she meet a mysterious, warm-hearted multi part-time worker guy named Sunwoo Joon. Since their unpredictable meeting, Sunwoo Joon tends to help Goo Ra-ra by paying for her life cost and even build a small place for piano lesson course called 'Lala Land' in order to make Goo Ra-ra get back on her feet.
They get involved together with the people at countryside in a small city, called Eunpo City.
This is the place where their secrets, pain, stories, and reason behind Sunwoo Jun's thoughtful acts towards Goo Ra-ra slowly started to leak out.
Cast
Main
Go Ara as Goo Ra-ra
Park So-yi as young Ra-ra
Man-su's only daughter and heiress of Ra-ra Cosmetics, a down-on-her-luck but optimistic pianist whose talent of seeing the best in people and any situation brightens and touches the lives of those around her.
Lee Jae-wook as Sunwoo Joon
Shim Ji-wan as young Joon
A mysterious and aloof albeit good looking and warm-hearted soul who has his own secrets and pains. While he keeps and maintains his distant demeanor from others, always showing his best level of alpha power, he finds himself instantly drawn, captivated and hooked by Goo Ra-ra's positive and childlike charms.
Kim Joo-hun as Cha Eun-seok
An orthopedic surgeon feeling the effects of Burnout Syndrome. He is a voice and presence that could instantly inspire trust - or not - from others. A divorcee, who was once a piano talent. He also finds himself drawn to Goo Ra-ra, marvelling at her simplicity, energy and warm personality.
Supporting
Eunpo residents
Ye Ji-won as Jin Sook-kyeong, Ha-young's mother and owner of the Jin's Beauty Salon
Shin Eun-soo as Jin Ha-yeong, Sook-kyeong's daughter
Yoon Jong-bin as Lee Seung-gi (name after a famous ballad singer), Ha-young's best friend who secretly likes her
Lee Soon-jae as Kim Man-bok, old man who does various jobs around Eunpo
as Shin Jae-min, a child prodigy who can play piano just by listening the music
Park Sung-yeon as Seung-gi's mother, Sook-kyeong's friend and customer at Jin's Beauty Salon
Lee Seon-hee as Ye-seo's mother, Sook-kyeong's friend and customer at Jin's Beauty Salon
Kim Jung-yeon as Mi-ran, Sook-kyeong's friend and customer at Jin's Beauty Salon
People around Sunwoo Joon
Seo Yi-sook as Jo Yoon-sil, Joon's overprotective mother
Choi Kwang-il as Sunwoo Myung, Joon's father
Lee Si-woo as Kim Ji-hoon, Sunwoo Joon's friend
Kwon Eun-bin as Jung Ga-yeong
People around Goo Ra-ra
Um Hyo-sup as Goo Man-su, Goo Ra-ra's father and President of Rara Cosmetics
Moon Hee-kyung as Gong Mi-sook, a professor who taught Ra-ra piano from her childhood to college with passion and sincerity
Ahn Nae-sang as Secretary Moon, Man-su's secretary, he disappeared after the bankruptcy of Rara Cosmetics
Moon Tae-yoo as Bang Jeong-nam, Ra-ra's ex-fiancé and Eun-seok's junior at medical school
Jeon Soo-kyung as Im Ja-kyung, Jeong-nam's mother
as Kim Si-ah, Ra-ra's university friend
Others
Choi Kwang-je as Chu Min-su, a private detective who is looking for Joon
Lee Soo-mi as Oh Young-joo as Eun-seok's ex-wife
Kang Hyung-seok as Ahn Joong-ho, a mysterious fellow in Eunpo
Kim Bum-suk as Detective Kang Min-guk
Production
The drama is helmed by director Kim Min-kyung and penned by screenwriter Oh Ji-young, who wrote Shopaholic Louis (2016) and My Secret, Terrius (2018).
The first script reading took place early May 2020 in South Korea.
The series was originally scheduled to premiere on August 26, 2020. However, one of the cast member Heo Dong-won was tested positive for COVID-19 and as a preventative measure, KBS halted all production activities until further notice. The series resumed filming on September 1, 2020 after the cast members tested negative.
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
Part 7
Part 8
Part 9
Part 10
Part 11
Part 12
Part 13
Part 14
Part 15
Part 16
Classical music quoted
Episode 1
Twelve Variations on "Ah vous dirai-je, Maman", nursery rhyme arr. W.A. Mozart.
Grande valse Brilliante in E-flat, Op. 18, by Chopin.
La Campanella by Franz Liszt.
Sonatine (Mouvement de Menuet), by Ravel.
Six Moments Musicaux, by Rachmaninoff.
Episode 2
Twelve Variations on "Ah vous dirai-je, Maman", nursery rhyme arr. W.A. Mozart.
Je te veux, by Erik Satie. Arranged for clarinet, piano, and cello.
Episode 3
Prelude & Fugue 2 in c minor by J.S. Bach
Prelude No 1 in C major from the Well-tempered Clavier by J.S. Bach
Goldberg variations (Aria da capo) by J.S. Bach
Pathétique piano sonata in c minor by Ludwig van Beethoven
Prelude in D from the Well-tempered Clavier by J.S. Bach
Toccata and Fugue in d minor by J.S. Bach
A maiden's prayer by Tekla Bądarzewska-Baranowska
Episode 4
Je te veux, by Erik Satie. Arranged for solo piano.
Etude in C major no 1, Opus 10 by Frédéric Chopin
Ratings
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Korean-language television shows
2020 South Korean television series debuts
2020 South Korean television series endings
Korean Broadcasting System television dramas
South Korean romantic comedy television series
Television productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Television series by Monster Union
Korean-language Netflix exclusive international distribution programming
Jambukeswarar Temple, Thiruvanaikaval (also Thiruvanaikal, Jambukeswaram) is a famous Shiva temple in Tiruchirapalli (Trichy) district, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. Though it is that Kocengannan (Kochengat Cholan), one of the Early Cholas, have built this temple. It is located in the Srirangam island, which has the famous Ranganathaswamy temple.
Thiruvanaikal is one of the five major Shiva Temples of Tamil Nadu (Pancha Bhoota Stalam) representing the Mahābhūta or five great elements; this temple represents the element of water, or neer in Tamil. The sanctum of Jambukeswara has an underground water stream and in spite of pumping water out, it is always filled with water.
It is one of the 275 Paadal Petra Sthalams, where all the four most revered Nayanars (Saivite Saints) have sung glories of the deity in this temple. The temple has inscriptions from the Chola period.
Legend
Once Parvati mocked Shiva's penance for betterment of the world. Shiva wanted to condemn her act and directed her to go to the earth from Kailasam (Shiva's abode) to do penance. Parvathi in the form of Akilandeswari as per Shiva's wish found Jambu forest (Thiruvanaikoil) to conduct her penance. She made a lingam out of water of river Cauvery (also called as river Ponni) under the Venn Naaval tree (the Venn Naaval tree on top of the saint Jambu) and commenced her worship. The lingam is known as Appu Lingam (Water Lingam). Siva at last gave darshan to Akilandeswari and taught her Siva Gnana. Akilandeswari took Upadesa (lessons) facing East from Shiva, who stood facing west.
There were two Siva Ganas (Siva's disciples who live in Kailash): 'Malyavan' and 'Pushpadanta'. Though they are Siva Ganas they always quarrel with each other and fight for one thing or other. In one fight 'Malyavan' cursed 'Pushpadanta' to become an elephant on earth and the latter cursed the former to become a spider on earth. The elephant and the spider came to Jambukeswaram and continued their Siva worship. The elephant collected water from river Cauvery and conducted ablution to the lingam under the Jambu tree (Eugenia jambolana, the java plum tree) daily. The spider constructed his web over the lingam to prevent dry leaves from dropping on it and prevent sunlight directly falling on it. When the elephant saw the web and thought it was dust on lingam. The elephant tore them and cleaned the lingam by pouring water and the practice continued daily. The spider became angry one day and crawled into the trunk of the elephant and bit the elephant to death, killing itself. Siva, in the form of Jambukeswara, moved by the deep devotion of the two, relieved them from the curse. As an elephant worshipped Siva here, this place came to be known as Thiru Aanai Kaa (thiru means holy, aanai is elephant, kaa (kaadu) means forest). Later the name 'Thiruaanaikaa' become 'Thiruvanaikaval' and 'Thiruvanaikoil'.
As an outcome of having committed a sin by killing the elephant, in the next birth, the spider was born as the King Kochengot Chola (kotchengannan cholan meaning red-eyed king) and built 70 temples and this temple is the one among them. The account of the Chola building seventy temples along with this temple is mentioned in Nalayira Divya Prabandham. Remembering his enmity with the elephant in his previous birth, he built the Siva Sannathi (sanctorum) such that not even a small elephant can enter. The entrance on the sanctorum of Jambukeswara is only 4 foot high and 2.5 foot wide.
There was a story behind the king's red eyes - When he was in his mother's womb the palace astrologer predicted a sacred time to give birth to enable the newborn's well-being. The queen went into labor early, before the time predicted by the astrologer. The queen hence told the servant to hang her upside down for the time to come so that she could have a wise and virtuous son who could head the kingdom righteously. This waiting time inside the womb made the baby's eyes red. After becoming the king, he built the temple for Siva and Goddess Akilandeswari in the name of Aanaikka (elephant protected) later days it changed to Thiruvanaikovil.
Architecture
The massive outer wall covering the fifth precinct, known as the Vibudi Prakara, stretches over a mile and is two feet thick and over 25 feet high. Legend maintains that the wall was built by Shiva working with the laborers. The fourth precinct contains a hall with 796 pillars and measures 2436 feet by 1493. It also has a small tank fed by perpetual springs. The third enclosure is 745 feet by 197 surrounded a wall 30 feet high. This area has two gopurams (gateway towers) 73 and 100 feet tall, a coconut thoppu and a small water tank. The second enclosure is 306 feet by 197, a gopuram 65 feet high and several small shrines. The inner most enclosure measuring 126 feet by 123 has the sanctum.
The sanctum sanctorum is a square structure, found independently situated at the center of the innermost enclosure. There is a vimana on the roof of the sanctum. The structure is open on three sides, with a shallow moat separating it from the circumambulatory path of the innermost enclosure. The sthala-vriksham, or holy tree here is the White Jambuka (Tamil: வெண் நாவல் மரம்) (Syzygium cumini), found growing along the south-eastern wall of the sanctum sanctorum. The trunk of the tree is protected by a walled structure. The western side of the sanctum, from where the deity is viewed, is continuous with a large closed hall, the Mukha Mantapa, containing four-pillars and housing a bronze idol of Nandi. The Mukha Mantapa has a large, ornate western door gilded with silver that forms the principal entrance. There are two additional entrances to the Mukha Mantapa on the southern and North Eastern sides as well. A set of three steps descend to the level of the sanctum sanctorum from the Mukha Mantapa.
The deity is viewed through a stone window that forms an integral part of the western face of the sanctum sanctorum. The window has nine viewing apertures, believed to represent the Navagraha. There is a panel in bas-relief over the window depicting the sthala puranam: The jambuka tree growing out of a meditating sage's head on the extreme right; the linga of Jambukeswarar under the tree; a spider and an elephant worshiping the linga along with the Goddess Parvati who stands to the left of the linga. The sanctum sanctorum is divided into the Ardha Mantapam or Antaralam (whose western wall bears the window) and the Garbha Griha where the deity of Jambukeswarar is housed. Entrance into the Sanctum is through a small door on the southern wall, about 4 feet in height. The Ardha Mantapa is about 4 feet X 4 feet and contains an idol of Goddess Parvati on the right side of the door to the Garbha Griha. Devotees are admitted in groups of six into the Ardha Mantapa during sevas like Abhishekam or on payment of a small fee. The Garbha Griha is a wider structure compared to the Ardha Mantapa. At the center, the Brahma Sthana, is the self-manifested linga of Jambukeswarar. The upper conical part of the linga is of the color of copper, whereas the yoni-bhaga or the pedestal is of black granite. A brass ring is seen at the point of attachment of the linga to the pedestal. The height of the linga is about 3 feet from the floor of the sanctum. The Garbha Griha and the Ardha Mantapa are unadorned from the inside, the only source of illumination within the sanctum being ghee lamps.
A stream of water is said to emerge from the linga, which is usually demonstrated as the soaking wet clothes in which it is draped. The water flow increases significantly during the Monsoon.
The main deity of the temple is Jambukeswara, representing the element water. Jambukeswara is depicted sitting under a jambu tree, which grows over a small stream that engulfs the deity during the rainy season. The temple is also considered the abode of goddess Akilandeswari, one of the forms of the goddess Parvati. The greatest of works related to this temple include Tiruvanaikaval and Kilvelur Akshyalingaswamy temple. [Explain]
Goddess Akilandeshwari's shrine
The temples idols are installed opposite to each other - Such temples are known as Upadesa Sthalams. As the Devi was like a student and Jambukeswara like a Guru (teacher) in this temple, there is no Thiru Kalyanam (marriage) conducted in this temple for Shiva and Parvathi, unlike the other Shiva temples. The sannathy of the goddess Akilandeshwari and the sannathy of Prasanna Vinayaka are in the shape of the pranava manthra called "Aum". It is believed that the Amman in the temple was in deep anger hence during one of Adi Sankara's visit he installed the Prasanna Ganapathy idol right opposite to her Sannathy and installed a pair of Sri chakras thaatankas (ear-rings) to reduce her anger.
The sculpture of Ekapada Trimurti, an aspect of Shiva with the deities Vishnu and Brahma emerging from it, is present in the temple, which can be seen only in Thyagaraja Temple, Tiruvottiyur.
There are a lot of inscriptions from various Chola kings from 11th - 12th century indicating grants to the temple. The temple was widely expanded by Hoysala king, Someswara, the son of Vira Narasimha. During 1236-37 CE, he built a lot of shrines namely Vallaliswara, Padumalisvara, Vira Narasingeswara and Somleswara evidently named after his grandfather Ballalla II, grandmother Padmaladevei, father Vira Narasimha and aunt Somala Devi. The 7-tiered rajagopuram is also believed to have constructed by the Hoysala king. There are separate shrines beyond the temple compound namely Aadhi having a typical structure as the main shrines. The temple and its pagodas were subject to frequent conquest between French and English forces between 1751 and 1755 CE. The temple is being widely maintained by Vellalars and the Nattukottai Chettiars during the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Religious significance of the temple
Pancha Bhoota Sthalam (Sanskrit: पञ्चभूतस्थलानि Pañcabhūtasthalāni) refers to the five Shiva temples, each representing the manifestation of the five prime elements of nature - space, air, fire, water, earth. Pancha indicates five, Bhoota means elements and Sthala means place. All these temples are located in South India with four of these temples at Tamil Nadu and one at Andhra Pradesh. The five elements are believed to be enshrined in the five lingams and each of the lingams representing Shiva in the temple have five different names based on the elements they represent. In the Thiruvaanaikaval temple, Shiva is said to have manifested himself in the form of water (Appu Lingam). The other four manifestations are Prithivi Lingam (representing land) at Ekambareswarar Temple, Akasa Lingam (representing sky) at Thillai Nataraja Temple, Chidambaram, Agni Lingam (representing fire) at Annamalaiyar Temple and Vayu Lingam (representing air) at Srikalahasti Temple.
Culture
In the third enclosure, there is a coconut grove having a small tank where the festival image of Vaishnavite Srirangam temple used to be brought one day a year. As Akilandeswari worshipped Lord Shiva in this temple, even today at noon the 'Archakar' (priest) dresses like a female and does Pooja to Jambukeswara and 'Go Maatha' (Cow). The noon pooja is very famous and a host of pilgrims attends it every day. A special variety of black cow, called Karum Pasu is used for the occasion. Annabhishekam to lingam (ablution with cooked rice) is a daily ritual performed in the temple. The temple is one of the hosts for the annual Natyanjali, a festival of classical Indian dance. The temple has also a school for training nadhaswaram, a classical pipe instrument in Tamil Nadu.
There is a legend that Parvathi worshipped Shiva here and installed the idol in the sanctum. Following the legend, a priest performs the pooja every day. It is believed that Adi Sankara offered ear rings called Thadanga to Akilandeshwari. There are a total of nine waterbodies associated with the temple.
Administration
The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Gallery
Notes
References
External links
Shakti temples
Shiva temples in Tiruchirappalli district
Pancha Bhoota Stalam
Padal Petra Stalam
Hindu temples in Tiruchirappalli
Maadakkoil
Chola architecture
Dravidian architecture
ca:Thiruvanaikaval
es:Thiruvanaikaval
hi:अकिलन्देश्वरी मन्दिर, तिरुवनैकवल
te:జంబుకేశ్వరం
Fight for Your Lady is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and written by Ernest Pagano, Harry Segall and Harold Daniel Kusel. The film stars John Boles, Jack Oakie, Ida Lupino, Margot Grahame, Gordon Jones, Erik Rhodes, Billy Gilbert and Paul Guilfoyle. The film was released on November 5, 1937, by RKO Pictures.
Plot
"Honest" Ham Hamilton needs money. A wrestling promoter in London, he places a wager and tells his champion Mike Scanlon to lose on purpose, but Mike wins anyway to impress Marcia Trent, an actress who has bet on him to win.
Hamilton ingratiates himself with Marcia and her betrothed, singer Robert Densmore, then sees Robert become suicidally depressed after Marcia leaves him for Mike. On a night In Budapest, a drunken Robert is persuaded by equally inebriated reporter Jim Trask make a play for a nightclub singer, Marietta, and incur the wrath of her jealous beau, Spadissimo. He will be challenged to a duel and that will grant Robert's wish to die.
Trouble ensues when Marietta becomes genuinely attracted to Robert and lies that his mother desperately needs him. Spadissimo takes pity until Marcia informs him Robert has no mother. The duel is on until Hamilton throws himself at the swordsman's mercy on Robert's behalf, disguised as his mother.
Cast
John Boles as Robert Densmore
Jack Oakie as Honest Hamilton
Ida Lupino as Marietta
Margot Grahame as Marcia Trent
Gordon Jones as Mike Scanlon
Erik Rhodes as Anton Spadissimo
Billy Gilbert as Boris
Paul Guilfoyle as Paris Tribune Reporter Jim Trask
Georges Renavent as Joris
Charles Judels as Felix Janos
Maude Eburne as Nadya
Charles Coleman as Densmore's Butler
Leona Roberts as Cleaning Woman
Forrester Harvey as Referee
References
External links
1937 films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Benjamin Stoloff
1937 comedy films
American comedy films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Ka Choung is a waterfall in Ratanakiri province in Cambodia. The falls are located in Ban Lung District about 7 kilometres north west of the provincial capital Banlung.
References
Waterfalls of Cambodia
Geography of Ratanakiri province
Arthur Blackburne Poynton (28 June 1867 – 8 October 1944) was an English classical scholar. He was a Fellow and later Master of University College, Oxford.
Early life and family
Poynton was born in Kelston, Somerset, the son of the Rev. Francis John Poynton (1831–1903) and Frances Mary Billinge (1837–1930). He was educated at Marlborough College and went up to Balliol College, Oxford, in 1885.
In 1896 he married Mary Sargent (1867–1952), the daughter of John Young Sargent, a Fellow of Hertford College. They had two sons (the classical scholar John Blackburne Poynton (1900–1995) and the civil servant Sir Arthur Hilton Poynton (1905–1996)) and three daughters.
Career
Poynton was a fellow of Hertford College, Oxford, from 1889 to 1894. In 1894, he was elected a fellow and tutor of University College, Oxford, where he would spend the rest of his career. At University College, he was a tutor to the author and academic C. S. Lewis from 1919 to 1920 and the classical scholar E. R. Dodds. He also served as bursar of University College from 1900 to 1935, and its Master from 1935 to 1937. He retired from Oxford in 1937, and was made an honorary fellow of his old college.
He was a Public Orator at the University of Oxford for seven years, from 1925 to 1932. He delivered the oration for Albert Einstein at his honorary degree ceremony in the Sheldonian Theatre on 23 May 1931.
Poynton died on 8 October 1944 as the result of a motor car accident in the High Street at Oxford.
References
External links
Books by Arthur Blackburne Poynton from Amazon.co.uk.
1867 births
1944 deaths
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
English classical scholars
Public Orators of the University of Oxford
Fellows of University College, Oxford
Masters of University College, Oxford
Pedestrian road incident deaths
Road incident deaths in England
Plopana is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Budești, Dorneni, Fundu Tutovei, Ițcani, Plopana, Rusenii Răzești, Rusenii de Sus, Străminoasa and Țâgâra.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Faisal Islamic Bank of Sudan is an Islamic bank in Sudan. The bank describes itself as having "Islamic orientation" and "Sudanese features". The Indian site Siasat Daily describes it as Sudan's "largest lender", and one that as of 2016 "favours low-risk, short-term loans and quick returns".
History
According to the bank, it was founded in May 1977, by "86 Sudanese and Saudi founders as well as other nationals of some Islamic States" who "prescribed and paid up half of the authorized capital". The bank is headquartered in Khartoum and lists 65 branches mostly in Khartoum, Khartoum North or Umm Durman. Bloomberg lists it as having 1,288 Employees.
According to the Chicago Tribune, the bank was founded by Al Shamal Islamic Bank and four other parties. According to public records, 19 percent of the Faisal Islamic Bank is owned by the Dar Al-Maal Al-Islami Trust, or simply DMI Trust, also headed by Prince Faisal. The $3.5 billion DMI Trust, whose slogan is "Allah is the purveyor of success," was founded in 1981 to foster the spread of Islamic banking across the Muslim world. Its 12-member board of directors includes Haydar Mohamed Bin Laden, a half-brother of Osama bin Laden, according to a DMI spokesman. Other shareholders include:
Adel Batterjee, also chairman as recently as 2002.
Al Baraka Investment and Development Corporation
The bank is partially owned by Saudi Arabia.
See also
List of banks
List of banks in Sudan
References
External links
CooperativeResearch link on Al-Shamal Islamic Bank
Mbendi profile
Banks of Sudan
Islamic banks
Banks established in 1977
1977 establishments in Sudan
Companies based in Khartoum
Holderness is an English surname, relating to the peninsula of Holderness in Yorkshire. Notable people with the surname include:
Fay Holderness (1881–1963), American actress
George Holderness (1913–1987), British Anglican bishop
Graham Holderness (born 1947), English writer and critic
Henry Holderness (1889–1974), New Zealand cricketer
Sue Holderness (born 1949), English actress
Thomas Holderness (1849–1924), Indian Civil Service officer
The Holderness Family, American YouTubers
See also
Holness
English-language surnames
English toponymic surnames
Dabu-dabu is a type of spicy condiment commonly found in Manado cuisine of North Sulawesi, Indonesia. Dabu-dabu consists of diced red chili peppers, bird's eye chili, shallots, red and green tomatoes, salt, sugar, and mixed with fresh calamansi juice locally known as lemon cui or jeruk kesturi, sometimes replaced by kaffir lime or lemon juice. The chili pepper and citrus gives it a fresh, sour, and spicy flavour.
Dabu-dabu is sometimes described as Manadonese raw sambal. It is usually used as a condiment for seafood, especially in various recipes of ikan bakar (grilled fish). It is similar to Mexican salsa.
See also
Sambal
Balado
Colo-colo
Rica-rica
Woku
Paniki
Tinutuan
Pico de gallo
References
External links
Dabu-dabu recipe
Chili pepper dishes
Dips (food)
Indonesian condiments
Manado cuisine
Spicy foods
Serial concatenated convolutional codes (SCCC) are a class of forward error correction (FEC) codes highly suitable for turbo (iterative) decoding. Data to be transmitted over a noisy channel may first be encoded using an SCCC. Upon reception, the coding may be used to remove any errors introduced during transmission. The decoding is performed by repeated decoding and [de]interleaving of the received symbols.
SCCCs typically include an inner code, an outer code, and a linking interleaver. A distinguishing feature of SCCCs is the use of a recursive convolutional code as the inner code. The recursive inner code provides the 'interleaver gain' for the SCCC, which is the source of the excellent performance of these codes.
The analysis of SCCCs was spawned in part by the earlier discovery of turbo codes in 1993. This analysis of SCCC's took place in the 1990s in a series of publications from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL). The research offered SCCC's as a form of turbo-like serial concatenated codes that 1) were iteratively ('turbo') decodable with reasonable complexity, and 2) gave error correction performance comparable with the turbo codes.
Prior forms of serial concatenated codes typically did not use recursive inner codes. Additionally, the constituent codes used in prior forms of serial concatenated codes were generally too complex for reasonable soft-in-soft-out (SISO) decoding. SISO decoding is considered essential for turbo decoding.
Serial concatenated convolutional codes have not found widespread commercial use, although they were proposed for communications standards such as DVB-S2. Nonetheless, the analysis of SCCCs has provided insight into the performance and bounds of all types of iterative decodable codes including turbo codes and LDPC codes.
US patent 6,023,783 covers some forms of SCCCs. The patent expired on May 15, 2016.
History
Serial concatenated convolutional codes were first analyzed with a view toward turbo decoding in "Serial Concatenation of Interleaved Codes: Performance Analysis, Design, and Iterative Decoding" by S. Benedetto, D. Divsalar, G. Montorsi and F. Pollara. This analysis yielded a set of observations for designing high performance, turbo decodable serial concatenated codes that resembled turbo codes. One of these observations was that "the use of a recursive convolutional inner encoder always yields an interleaver gain." This is in contrast to the use of block codes or non-recursive convolutional codes, which do not provide comparable interleaver gain.
Additional analysis of SCCCs was done in "Coding Theorems for 'Turbo-Like' Codes" by D. Divsalar, Hui Jin, and Robert J. McEliece. This paper analyzed repeat-accumulate (RA) codes which are the serial concatenation of an inner two-state recursive convolutional code (also called an 'accumulator' or parity-check code) with a simple repeat code as the outer code, with both codes linked by an interleaver. The performance of the RA codes is quite good considering the simplicity of the constituent codes themselves.
SCCC codes were further analyzed in "Serial Turbo Trellis Coded Modulation with Rate-1 Inner Code". In this paper SCCCs were designed for use with higher order modulation schemes. Excellent performing codes with inner and outer constituent convolutional codes of only two or four states were presented.
Example Encoder
Fig 1 is an example of a SCCC.
The example encoder is composed of a 16-state outer convolutional code and a 2-state inner convolutional code linked by an interleaver. The natural code rate of the configuration shown is 1/4, however, the inner and/or outer codes may be punctured to achieve higher code rates as needed. For example, an overall code rate of 1/2 may be achieved by puncturing the outer convolutional code to rate 3/4 and the inner convolutional code to rate 2/3.
A recursive inner convolutional code is preferable for turbo decoding of the SCCC. The inner code may be punctured to a rate as high as 1/1 with reasonable performance.
Example Decoder
An example of an iterative SCCC decoder.
The SCCC decoder includes two soft-in-soft-out (SISO) decoders and an interleaver. While shown as separate units, the two SISO decoders may share all or part of their circuitry. The SISO decoding may be done is serial or parallel fashion, or some combination thereof. The SISO decoding is typically done using Maximum a posteriori (MAP) decoders using the BCJR algorithm.
Performance
SCCCs provide performance comparable to other iteratively decodable codes including turbo codes and LDPC codes. They are noted for having slightly worse performance at lower SNR environments (i.e. worse waterfall region), but slightly better performance at higher SNR environments (i.e. lower error floor).
See also
Convolutional code
Viterbi algorithm
Soft-decision decoding
Interleaver
BCJR algorithm
Low-density parity-check code
Repeat-accumulate code
Turbo equalizer
References
External links
"Concatenated codes", Scholarpedia
"Concatenated Convolutional Codes and Iterative Decoding", Willian E. Ryan
Data
Error detection and correction
Encodings
How Green Is the Valley is the second studio album of The Men They Couldn't Hang. It was released in 1986 after the band were signed to MCA Records following the success of their previous album Night of a Thousand Candles. It is the last album to feature co-founder Shanne Bradley on bass guitar.
Singles
Three singles were released from the album: "Gold Rush", which included "Gold Strike" on the 12" version, "Ghosts of Cable Street" and "Shirt of Blue". "Ghosts of Cable Street", a song detailing the battle of Cable Street in 1936, used actual recordings of mounted police which could be heard outside the Wapping studios as it was during the time of the Wapping Printers Strike. "Shirt of Blue" was another song, typical of The Men They Couldn't Hang writing material on British history, was the subject of the UK miners' strike (1984–1985). The video features press footage of the conflict between striking miners and the police. The cassette version is the only one to feature additional tracks which were recorded during a live performance at the Electric Ballroom in London's Camden Town.
Personnel
Credits adapted from AllMusic.
The Men They Couldn't Hang
Shanne Bradley - bass guitar
Stefan Cush (a.k.a. Cush) – vocals, guitar, horn
Jon Odgers – drums, percussion
Philip Odgers (a.k.a. Swill) – vocals, guitar, tinwhistle, melodica, recorder
Paul Simmonds - guitar, bouzuki, mandolin, lute, biscuits
Additional musicians
Lindsey Lowe – trumpet
Bobby Valentino – Violin
Additional personnel
Mick Glossop – production and engineering
Richard Haughton – album artwork
Paul Cox – photography
Track listing
References
1986 albums
The Men They Couldn't Hang albums
MCA Records albums
Ang Thong Province Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Ang Thong Province, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Angthong F.C. The stadium holds 6,000 people.
References
Football venues in Thailand
Multi-purpose stadiums in Thailand
Angthong F.C.
Events from the year 1596 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Elizabeth I
Events
June – Sir John Norreys and Sir Geoffrey Fenton travel from England to Connacht to parley with the local lords.
An envoy of King Philip II of Spain arrives to make inquiries of survivors of the Spanish Armada in Ireland but is successful in only eight cases.
Births
Deaths
Donald McCarthy, Earl of Clancare, noble.
References
1590s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
The Magdalo faction of the Katipunan chapter in Cavite. A Philippine revolutionary organization with the aim to gain independence from Spain during the Philippine Revolution.
It was named after Mary Magdalene, patroness of Kawit, Cavite. It was officially led by Baldomero Aguinaldo, but his cousin Emilio Aguinaldo (whose own Katipunan codename was "Magdalo") was its most famous leader.
The Magdalo had a rivalry with the other Katipunan chapter in Cavite, the Magdiwang (both factions are terminologies for feasts: "dalo" in Tagalog means to attend, diwang means to celebrate). When the Manila-based Katipunan leader Andres Bonifacio went to Cavite to mediate between them, the Magdalo argued for the replacement of the Katipunan by a revolutionary government. The Magdiwang initially backed Bonifacio's stance that the Katipunan already served as their government, but at the Tejeros Convention, both factions were combined into one government body under Emilio Aguinaldo who was elected as the president.
Some of the civil and military officials of the First Philippine Republic came from this group.
Magdalo Leaders
Baldomero Aguinaldo - President
Edilberto Evangelista - Vice President
Candido Tirona - Secretary of War
Felix Cuenca - Secretary of Interior
Glicerio Topacio - Secretary of Public Works
Cayetano Topacio - Secretary of Finance
Emilio Aguinaldo - Flag Officer
Magdalo Municipalities
Cavite El Viejo
Imus
Silang
Bakood
Carmona
Mendez-Nuñez
Dasmariñas
Amadeo
References
Further reading
Rebel groups in the Philippines
Katipunan
History of Cavite
Eisingen is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
A smoke ring is a region of pink colored meat in the outermost 8-10 millimeters of smoked meats. It is usually seen on smoked chicken, pork, and beef. There is some debate as to whether or not the presence of the smoke ring is actually an indicator of quality of the finished barbecue product but it is widely considered to be a desirable characteristic of barbecue.
Occurrence
The pinkish color in meat is typically due to the presence of a compound called myoglobin. Myoglobin typically darkens and turns brown when heated above a certain temperature. This is why the perimeter of a cooked steak is darker in color than the red inside; as the lower temperature of the middle of the steak was not sufficient to cause the myoglobin to lose its pigment.
When smoking meat, a different process occurs than in other cooking methods. Organic fuels such as wood and charcoal, when burned, produce nitrogen dioxide () gas. When this gas dissolves into the meat, it reacts with the hydrogen molecules and becomes nitric oxide (NO). The NO combined with the myoglobin form a stable pink molecule that does not denature in the heat. The depth of the smoke ring is determined by how far the smoke can permeate into the meat.
In a smoker
There are several considerations when smoking meat that will determine the extent at which a smoke ring will form. However, the most important factor is the fuel source and that source's production of . The highest concentrations of atmospheric can be achieved in a smoker through the utilization of charcoal briquets, or wood fires; both of which are capable of producing up to 200ppm (parts per million) in the cooking chamber. It has been suggested that greener woods produce more , but are less suitable for cooking.
Cooking "low and slow" is said to be key in the development of a smoke ring. This methodology, often cooking at temperatures between for long periods of time, allows smoke to penetrate the meat and react with the myoglobin before the temperature causes a reaction with it causing it to darken. For this reason, keeping the exterior of the meat moist via basting or spritzing is often recommended.
Artificially
Methods exist to achieve a smoke ring on cooked meats that can be achieved outside of a smoker (or utilized when a propane or electric smoker are used). Marinating or soaking meats in curing salts is one methodology to cure the exterior layers of meat (in similar fashion to how a ham is cured) and cause the perimeter of the meat to remain pink throughout the cooking process.
See also
List of smoked foods
References
Cooking techniques
Smoked meat
Bychki () is a rural locality (a khutor) in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Zsófia Kovács may refer to:
Zsófia Kovács (triathlete) (born 1988), Hungarian triathlete
Zsófia Kovács (gymnast) (born 2000), Hungarian gymnast
The Benetton B188 is a Formula One racing car designed by Rory Byrne and raced by Benetton team in the 1988 Formula One season and in the first half of the 1989 Formula One season. Dating back to when the team started as Toleman in , the B188 was the first car produced by the team not to be powered by a turbocharged engine.
1988
Background and design
Benetton was effectively the Ford works team as they had exclusive use of the 3.5L Ford DFR V8 engine for 1988 where others running Ford-Cosworth power had to make do with 's DFZ engine. When the FIA announced that turbos would be banned after 1988, Ford made the decision to halt development of the V6 Ford TEC turbocharged engine used in the B188's predecessor the B187, and instead concentrated on the development of an engine for the new 3.5L rules. As Benetton were under contract to run the Ford engine (a contract they did not wish to break), the teams designers were forced to design a car to take the naturally aspirated V8 rather than the turbocharged V6. Despite this, the B188 was visually similar to the B187 it replaced, though it featured a bulkier engine cover to house both the larger engine and a larger fuel tank, as well as featuring larger twin air intakes (located above each sidepod, rather than above the drivers head as would become the norm). The B188 also featured a longer, sleeker looking nose section to take advantage of the rule that would come in from that meant the drivers feet had to be behind the front axle line.
The DFR, a development of the Cosworth DFV that had been introduced to F1 by Lotus in , developed approximately , the most powerful 'atmo' engine of the season. This compared to the of the turbocharged Honda and Ferrari engines and only for the older DFZ V8. However, where as the turbo powered cars were restricted to a fuel tank size of 150 litres, the atmospheric cars fuel tank size was able to be much larger. The B188 reportedly had the largest fuel tank on the grid at 215 litres.
Competition history
The B188 was driven by the teams driver, Belgian Thierry Boutsen, and the hard charging, chain smoking Italian Alessandro Nannini, who had joined Benetton for his 3rd F1 season after two years driving the uncompetitive Minardis with their overweight and underpowered Motori Moderni turbo engines. The B188 was a consistent performer and was usually the class of the atmospheric cars, a class which also included the F1 Constructors' Champions of the previous two years Williams, and the up-and-coming March team (whose car was designed by a young Adrian Newey), both of whom were using the new Judd CV V8 engine.
Boutsen would score 27 points, including 5 podium finishes, to claim 4th in the Drivers' Championship with five 3rd-place finishes, while Nannini scored 12 points, including his first ever podium with 3rd at the British Grand Prix (despite two spins on the very wet Silverstone Circuit) and a second 3rd place later in the season in Spain. Overall with the B188, Benetton finished 3rd in the Constructors' Championship with 39 points, 16 points in front of 4th placed Lotus, who not only used the same Honda engines as the dominant McLarens, but also had reigning World Champion Nelson Piquet as lead driver. Benetton would have in fact finished the season with 46 points but both cars were disqualified from the Belgian Grand Prix for using irregular fuel. The disqualification of the Benettons was not made official until a month after the season had finished, so many published records list Boutsen and Nannini as having finished third and fourth respectively at Spa.
1989
Background and design
For Boutsen left to join Williams and was replaced by British rookie Johnny Herbert while the highly rated Nannini assumed the role of lead driver. The B188 was to be replaced by the B189 early in the season which would also see the team with exclusive use of the new development Ford HB4 V8 engine. Unfortunately due to delays with the new engine and a testing crash by Nannini before the San Marino Grand Prix, the team was forced to use the B188 with the old DFR engine as the new motor was designed around the new car and didn't fit in the 1988 model (the DFR was a 90° V8 while the new HB was a 75° V8. Using the DFR in the B189 would have required a complete re-design of the rear suspension and engine cover).
Competition history
Despite the B188 being seen by the team as obsolete being a previous years model and with other teams now running customer DFR's, Nannini and Herbert scored 13 points in the first six races of the season with the best being Nannini's 3rd at San Marino. Herbert, who was also recovering from a horrific Formula 3000 crash at Brands Hatch in 1988, scored points on debut in Brazil, finishing 4th (only 1.123 seconds behind 3rd placed Maurício Gugelmin's March-Judd and only 10.493 behind the Ferrari of race winner Nigel Mansell), and two places and 8 seconds ahead of Nannini. Despite a 5th-place finish in the desert heat in Phoenix where the race ran its full two hours, it became obvious in the opening rounds that he needed more time to recover from injuries that included both legs being badly broken (he was actually still in laid up hospital when the team announced him as their new 1989 driver at the 1988 Spanish Grand Prix). Herbert was replaced after the Canadian Grand Prix by McLaren test driver Emanuele Pirro. Pirro was chosen as even though he was an F1 rookie, he had experience driving F1 cars with McLaren, and as an Italian he satisfied the team owners want for an Italian driver. Despite driving for Benetton for from the French Grand Prix until the end of the season, Pirro was mostly based in Japan where he continued working with Honda as McLaren's test driver at the Suzuka Circuit.
Nannini debuted the B189 at the 1989 French Grand Prix while the last race for the B188 was by Pirro at the British Grand Prix. He qualified 26th and last and finished 11th.
The Ford V8 powered Benetton B188 competed in 24 races, scoring 52 points and 8 podium finishes. Nannini also scored the car's only fastest lap at the 1988 German Grand Prix at a wet Hockenheimring.
Complete Formula One results
(key) (Results in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* 26 points scored in using Benetton B189
References
External links
B188
1988 Formula One season cars
1989 Formula One season cars
The Tallinn Museum of Orders of Knighthood (Estonian: Tallinna Rüütliordude Muuseum) is a private museum of history and culture in Tallinn, Estonia. The main focus of the museum is the history of orders of knighthood and merit from all over the world. The museum is located in a historical medieval building at Kuninga 3 in Tallinn Old Town, and the permanent exhibition consists of close to a thousand original costumes, collars, stars, badges and other items related to orders of knighthood with the oldest exhibits dating to the beginning of the 18th century.
History
The opening of the museum took place in January 2017. A medieval merchant's house in Tallinn Old Town – contemporary to some of the oldest orders of knighthood in the museum – was chosen as the location.
In September 2017, Tallinn Museum of Orders of Knighthood hosted the XI European Conference of Phaleristic Societies. Conference materials were published by the museum in 2018.
Specialized exhibitions held by the museum include Jewels of Freemasonry (2020), Treasures from King Street (2020), 100 years of the Order of the Estonian Red Cross (2019); 800th Anniversary of the Order of the Dannebrog (2019), Orders of Estonia - an Integral Symbol of Independence (2018).
Collection
The museum presents the history of orders and awards through the centuries, focusing above all on the beauty and craftsmanship of the badges as 'wearable awards', especially when it comes to the diamond studded pieces. The permanent exhibition is presented in three halls covering the history of orders and the awarding system and its significance in Europe, the Americas, Africa, and the Far East. The beauty of the orders with their various symbolic distinctions and especially ribbon colours are often strongly connected to their national or principal identity. Another subject of the exhibition are the most beautiful and exquisite cases in which the badges, stars and collars are presented.
Many older orders have interesting origin stories, which are based both in fact and in fiction. Such as the Danish Order of the Dannebrog, which is closely tied with Tallinn through the Battle of Lyndanisse; the Japanese Order of the Sacred Treasures, which refers to the time when Japan received its first Emperor; the Order of the Garter, allegedly named for a ladies garter which fell to the floor during a ball; and the most romantic order of them all – the Order of the Rose of the Empire of Brazil, with its motto For Love and Fidelity (Portuguese: Amor e Fidelidade).
In 2021 the basic exhibition of the Museum was completely renewed to better present a clearer difference between grand orders in one grade and orders of merit in several grades and their evolution into today's awarding system. Additionally, the collection was divided into subject themes, such as exclusive military orders for bravery on the battlefield and orders for military and civil services awarded in peace time. Orders exclusively for ladies, a tradition dating back to the 17th Century, are presented in two separate showcases. Separately presented are orders and awards for Science and Art and Red Cross decorations.
The exhibition also includes original robes of such orders as the Bavarian Order of St George, the English Order of the Garter, the Maltese Order and others.
Some of the most significant exhibits in the museum are the badge of the Polish Order of the White Eagle that belonged to Russian Emperor Peter the Great, the neck badge of the Austrian Order of the Golden Fleece worn by chancellor Klemens von Metternich, the badge of the Order of Saint Alexander Nevsky presented to French president Paul Deschanel, the Order of the Starry Cross which belonged to Empress Charlotte of Mexico.
Work with the community
The museum supports young collectors. In 2018 the museum took an active part in the International Philatelic Exhibition in Tallinn, presenting its own prize for Best Exhibit by Young Collectors.
The museum has a fully equipped Scientific Laboratory. It supports future young scientists and curators with its annual summer programme.
The museum offers guided tours tailored to the specific audience. There is a special educational programme aimed at children.
Research and publications
There have been several publications about the museum in the Bulletin Société des Amis du Musée de la Légion D'honneur Orders et Distinctions, France; Numismaatikko, Finland; Svensk Numismatisk Tidskrift, Sweden; Eesti Ajalugu, Estonia, and others. The museum was featured of the Estonian TV Programme Herald's Stories, ETV+ Morning Programme and others.
Publications
TALLINN MUSEUM OF ORDERS OF KNIGHTHOOD – A SHORT HISTORY OF ORDERS FROM THE COLLECTION OF THE MUSEUM A short guide to the Tallinn Museum of Orders of Knighthood, with photographs of the insignia displayed at the museum and short information on the orders. In 4 languages: Estonian, Russian, English, Finnish.
ESTONIAN RED CROSS 100 EXHIBITION CATALOGUE. In 3 languages: Estonian, Russian, English.
MATERIALS OF THE XI EUROPEAN CONFERENCE OF PHALERISTIC SOCIETIES. In English.
Articles by the museum's researchers are also published in scientific publications and on the museum's website.
References
Museums in Tallinn
2017 establishments in Estonia
Museums in Estonia
Orders, decorations, and medals of Estonia
Orders of chivalry
Orders of chivalry for women
Ornduffia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae, native to Australia. Aquatic or wetland herbs, they were split off from Villarsia in 2009.
Species
Currently accepted species include:
Ornduffia albiflora (F.Muell.) Tippery & Les
Ornduffia calthifolia (F.Muell.) Tippery & Les
Ornduffia marchantii (Ornduff) Tippery & Les
Ornduffia parnassiifolia (Labill.) Tippery & Les
Ornduffia reniformis (R.Br.) Tippery & Les
Ornduffia submersa (Aston) Tippery & Les
Ornduffia umbricola (Aston) Tippery & Les
References
Asterales genera
Michael Arthur Chadwick Porter Kaye (11 January 1916 – 22 September 1988) was an English first-class cricketer and British Army officer. Kaye played first-class cricket predominantly for Cambridge University and the Free Foresters between 1937 and 1949. He also served in the British Army with the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry, seeing action in the Second World War. He later served as a deputy lieutenant for the West Riding of Yorkshire.
Early life and university cricket
Kaye was born at Kensington in January 1916 and was educated at Harrow School, where he was a part of the Harrow School contingent of the Officers' Training Corps. After leaving Harrow he enlisted in the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry as a second lieutenant in July 1935, before going up to Pembroke College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge he made his debut in first-class cricket for Cambridge University against the touring New Zealanders at Fenner's in 1937. His only other first-class appearance in 1937 came for the Free Foresters against Cambridge University. He appeared in eight first-class matches for the university in 1938, before touring Jamaica with a combined Oxford and Cambridge Universities team in August 1938, playing two first-class matches against Jamaica at Kingston. In nine first-class matches for Cambridge, he scored 244 runs with a high score of 78, while with his right-arm medium-fast bowling he took 26 wickets at an average of 34.50, with best figures of 5 for 89 against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1938, which saw him dismissed Denis Compton for a duck. He gained a blue in 1938, and after graduating from Pembroke in the same year, he made a further first-class appearance for the Free Foresters against Cambridge University in 1939. He was also promoted to the rank of lieutenant in July 1938.
Later military career and life
Kaye served with the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry during the Second World War, holding the war substantive rank of captain by its conclusion. He resumed playing first-class cricket for the Free Foresters after the war, making four further appearances against Cambridge University between 1946 and 1949. In six matches for the Free Foresters, he scored 127 runs and took 4 wickets. He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel in May 1947. He was awarded the Territorial Decoration in February 1949, while in March 1955 he was appointed as an honorary colonel of a Territorial Army unit. Kaye resigned his commission in April 1959. He was appointed as a deputy lieutenant for the West Riding of Yorkshire in June 1960. He died at Charing Cross in September 1998.
References
External links
1916 births
1998 deaths
Sportspeople from Kensington
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Pembroke College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Oxford and Cambridge Universities cricketers
King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Deputy Lieutenants of the West Riding of Yorkshire
María Reyes Maroto Illera (born 19 December 1973) is a Spanish economist and politician who has been serving as Minister of Industry, Trade and Tourism in the government of Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez since 2018.
Early life and education
Although Maroto was born in the town of Medina del Campo (province of Valladolid), her parents are natives and residents of the also Valladolid town of Ataquines, where she spent her childhood and youth. She graduated in Economics from the University of Valladolid.
Career in academia
Maroto worked in the Ideas for Progress Foundation between 2011 and 2013, and has been an associate professor in the Department of Economics at the Charles III University of Madrid.
Political career
Regional deputy
Candidate number 20 on the list of the Spanish Socialist Worker's Party (PSOE) for the regional elections of May 2015 in the Community of Madrid, Marto was elected and became deputy of the Assembly of Madrid, in which she served as socialist spokeswoman in the Committee of Budgets, Economy, Finance and Employment. She resigned from her parliamentary seat on 6 June 2018.
Minister of Industry, Trade and Tourism, 2018–present
Maroto was appointed by Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez to integrate his new Council of Ministers, following the motion of censure that the PSOE presented against the previous government of Mariano Rajoy (PP) and that was approved by the Congress of Deputies on 1 June 2018. Felipe VI sanctioned her appointment as holder of the portfolio of Industry, Commerce and Tourism by royal decree, becoming the first woman to hold the post. On 7 June she took office as Minister before the King at Palace of Zarzuela.
Controversy
On 26 April 2021, Reyes Maroto received an envelope with a bloodstained razor or knife, days after Minister of Interior Fernando Grande-Marlaska, former Second Deputy Prime Minister Pablo Iglesias, and Director of the Guardia Civil María Gámez received envelopes with bullets inside of them.
When the Cumbre Vieja volcano on La Palma began to erupt on 19 September 2021, Reyes Maroto declared that the eruption on La Palma could be used as a tourist attraction to lure visitors. Her comments caused widespread criticism, because the Cumbre Vieja volcano is dotted with numerous homes, public buildings and businesses which began to be destroyed by the lava flows. Later, due to mounting criticism, including from opposition politicians, Reyes Maroto retracted her words.
References
1973 births
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Government ministers of Spain
Industry ministers
Living people
Members of the 10th Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 13th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the Socialist Parliamentary Group (Assembly of Madrid)
People from Medina del Campo
Charles III University of Madrid
Spanish economists
Industry ministers of Spain
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
University of Valladolid alumni
Women government ministers of Spain
Women members of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 14th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Mavai-ye Sofla () may refer to:
Mavai-ye Sofla, Kerman
Mavai-ye Sofla, Kermanshah
Hirofumi Miyase (, born 11 April 1971) is a Japanese professional golfer.
Miyase was born in Chiba Prefecture and would join the Japan Golf Tour after turning professional. He won his first title on the Japan Golf Tour in 1997 and would add six more wins between then and 2007.
In 2004, Miyase played on the PGA Tour in the United States after finishing T28 at qualifying school. He made only five cuts in 27 starts and lost his tour card. His best finish was a T9 at the FedEx St. Jude Classic.
Professional wins (7)
Japan Golf Tour wins (7)
Japan Golf Tour playoff record (4–2)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Note: Miyase only played in The Open Championship.
Results in World Golf Championships
1Cancelled due to 9/11
QF, R16, R32, R64 = Round in which player lost in match play
NT = No tournament
Team appearances
World Cup (representing Japan): 1992
See also
2003 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
Japanese male golfers
Japan Golf Tour golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Chiba Prefecture
1971 births
Living people
Dulce María Loynaz Muñoz (Havana, Cuba; 10 December 1902 – 27 April 1997) was a Cuban poet, and is considered one of the principal figures of Cuban literature. She was awarded the Miguel de Cervantes Prize in 1992. She earned her Doctorate in Civil Law at University of Havana in 1927.
Early life
Dulce María Loynaz was the daughter of the famous General Enrique Loynaz del Castillo, a hero of the Cuban Liberation Army and author of the lyrics of the march theme, "El Himno Invasor", and sister of poet Enrique Loynaz Muñoz. Dulce María was born in Havana, Cuba on December 10, 1902, to a family of great sensibility towards artistic and cultural manifestations and deep patriotic feelings. Homeschooled as a child, Loynaz grew up in a familiar environment highly propitious for poetry.
Although Loynaz had a sheltered childhood, her early adulthood was much more adventurous, including experiences available at that time only to wealthy young women, even outside of Cuba. She published a number of poems in her teens and twenties.
Education
She completed the Doctorate of Civil Law at the University of Havana in 1927, but rarely practiced law, and stopped practicing altogether in 1961 out of dislike. She was able to travel widely. In addition, her talents and her family's social position brought her into personal contact with some of the major Spanish-language authors of the century, including Spanish author Federico García Lorca, Chilean poet Gabriela Mistral who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1945, Cuban author Alejo Carpentier, and the Spanish writer Juan Ramón Jiménez who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1956.
Publications and Poetry
Loynaz published her first poems in La Nación in 1920. She traveled extensively including to Turkey, Syria, Libya, Palestine, and Egypt. Loynaz also visited Mexico in 1937 and various countries in South America from 1946-47, and the Canary Islands in 1947 and 1951 where she as declared adoptive daughter.
Loynaz began writing Jardin in 1928 and completed the novel in 1935, shortly after Cuban women obtained the right to vote. During these early decades of the twentieth century, a time of great feminist activity, a dynamic and effective women's movement flourished in Cuba, and women's rights became part of the Cuban political consciousness. The feminist attitude Loynaz displays in Jardin is tied strongly to the image of the city. The novel begins and ends with the heroine looking out from the garden toward a city that resembles Havana.
In 1950, she published weekly chronicles at different publications of the epoch such as El País, Excélsior, Social, Grafos, Diario de la Marina, El Mundo, Revista Cubana, Revista Bimestre Cubana and Orígenes. In 1953, she attended as the university's guest, celebrations that marked the 700th year since the naming of Salamanca University.
Her book Poemas sin nombre (Untitled Poems) was translated to Italian in 1955. She participated in conferences and readings, not only in Cuba but also in Spain and Latin America. She was elected as a member of the Arts and Literature National Academy in 1951, of the Cuban Academy of Language in 1959 and the Spanish Royal Academy of Language in 1968.
The Royal Academy of Spanish Language nominated her for the Miguel de Cervantes Prize in 1984. In 1985, Poesías Escogidas (Selected Poems) and Bestarium (a book of poems written before 1959) were published in Havana. During these years, she participated in conferences, gave speeches, and received prizes and awards bestowed by different Cuban cultural institutions.
The sobriety of her lyric expression, her exquisite handling of language, and master use of Castilian language were the main reasons taken into account to confer her the King Alfonso X the Wise Order and on November 5, 1992, the Miguel de Cervantes Prize, an honorable distinction she received in Spain in 1992 from King Juan Carlos I's hands. This is considered the Nobel prize in the world of the Spanish literature.
In 1959 she voluntarily stopped writing and publishing in Cuba. In a situation such as Cuba's over the past 40 years, it is not surprising that a person as private in temperament as Dulce María Loynaz would seclude herself, or that her public statements have always been extremely discreet, patriotic, and yet non-political. More perplexing is the fact that, according to all her closest friends, she entirely stopped writing poetry when the Revolution triumphed in 1959. Although her work was characterized by so many of her friends as a private vocation, perhaps the total disappearance of the social world which fostered it, silenced her.
The discovery of her work by a large and enthusiastic audience in her home country when she was in her 80s, really for the first time and after more than 25 years of internal exile, must have been like the return of the dove in her poem, “Noah,” carrying the green branch that signifies a safe harbor. Fe de vida (Life's Faith), her last work, saw the light in 1993, while celebrating in Pinar del Río, the First Ibero American Meeting about her work and life. Furthermore, some texts from her delicate creation have been adapted into music by different singers and songwriters.
She received several awards among them: National Order of Carlos Manuel de Céspedes, Order of Félix Varela of the Culture, National Culture Distinctive Award, the Alejo Carpentier Medal (Cuba), and The Civil Order of Alfonso X the Wise in 1947. She was awarded the Cuban National Prize for Literature (1987).
Death
Dulce María Loynaz died in 1997 and was interred in the Colón Cemetery, Havana.
Work
Versos (Verses). Madrid, 1950.
Canto a la mujer esteril, 1938.
Juegos de agua. Versos del agua y del amor, 1947.
Obra lirica, 1955.
Ultimos dias de una casa, 1958.
Poesias escogidas, 1984.
La novia de Lazaro, 1991.
Poesia completa, 1993.
Antologia lirica, 1993.
Finas redes, 1993.
Poemas escogidos, 1993.
Miel imprevista (anthology), 1997.
Melancolia de otoño, 1997.
Diez sonetos a Cristo, 1998.
El aspero sendero, 2001.
Poemas sin nombre (Nameless Poems). Aguilar.
Bestiarium (Bestiary). Poems
Poemas naúfragos (Shipwrecked poems). Editorial Letras Cubanas, 1991.
Jardín (Garden). Lyric novel. Aguilar, Madrid, 1951.
Un verano en Tenerife (A summer in Tenerife). Memoir. Aguilar, Madrid, 1958.
Carta de Amor al Rey Tut-Ank-Amen (Love Letter to King Tutankhamen).
Poems Without Name. Bilingual: English translations by Harriet de Onís. Editorial José Martí, 1993.
A woman in her garden: selected poems of Dulce Maria Loynaz. Dulce María Loynaz; Judith Kerman, 2002.
See also
Caribbean literature
Cuban literature
Caribbean poetry
Further reading
English
Modern Spanish American poets. First series / María Antonia Salgado, 2003
A place in the sun?: Women writers in Twentieth-century Cuba / Catherine Davies, 1997
Tropics of history: Cuba imagined / Alan West, 1997
“Dulce María Loynaz: A Woman Who No Longer Exists” / Ruth Behar, Michigan Quarterly Review, Fall 1997, 529-537.
Feminist readings on Spanish and Latin-American literature / Lisa P Condé, 1991
Spanish
La música del agua: poesía y referencia en la obra de Dulce María Loynaz / María Lucía Puppo, 2006
Contra el silencio: otra lectura de la obra de Dulce María Loynaz / Zaida Capote, 2005
Jardín, Tenerife y poesía: fe de vida de Dulce María Loynaz / Virgilio López Lemus, 2005
Dulce María Loynaz cien años después / Humberto López Cruz, 2004
Dulce María Loynaz: estudios de la obra de una cubana universal / Virgilio López Lemus, 2000
Escrituras poéticas de una nación: Dulce María Loynaz, Juana Rosa Pita y Carlota Caulfield / Jesús J Barquet, 1999
Margen acuático: poesía de Dulce María Loynaz / Asunción Horno Delgado, 1998
Un encuentro con Dulce María Loynaz / Vicente González Castro, 1994
Homenaje a Dulce María Loynaz: obra literaria, poesía y prosa, estudios y comentarios / Ana Rosa Núñez, 1993
Dulce María Loynaz / Pedro Simón, 1991
Tres poetas hispanoamericanos: Dulce María Loynaz, Jaime Torres Bodet, José Martí / Alicia G R Aldaya, 1978
External links
Website about Dulce María Includes pictures, poems in English and in Spanish by Dulce María.
Poems by Dulce María in Spanish.
The Poets.
Dulce
1902 births
1997 deaths
Premio Cervantes winners
Cuban women poets
20th-century Cuban women writers
20th-century Cuban poets
University of Havana alumni
The Murut are an indigenous ethnic group, comprising 29 sub-ethnic groups inhabiting the northern inland regions of Borneo. The Murutic languages are a family of half a dozen closely related Austronesian languages. The Murut can be found mainly in Sabah, Malaysia including in Sarawak, Malaysia, Brunei, and Kalimantan, Indonesia.
Etymology
The literal translation of murut is "hill people".
Demographics
A large percentage of the Murut communities are in the southwest interior of Sabah, East Malaysia, specifically the districts of Keningau, Tenom, Nabawan, and Beaufort along the Sapulut and Padas rivers. They can also be found inhabiting the border areas of Sarawak, (especially around the Lawas and Limbang areas, where they are also referred to as Tagal people), North Kalimantan (traditionally concentrated in Malinau and Nunukan), and Brunei.
The Murut population in Brunei is mainly found in the sparsely populated Temburong district. They once supplied military might to the Sultans of Brunei. Their population has dwindled in recent years. They are defined as one of the seven indigenous groups that are considered to be Bumiputera in Brunei.
The Murut are divided between lowland (Timugon) and highland (Tagol) subgroups. They speak the Murutic languages, a branch of the Austronesian family. The Tagol Murut language serves as their lingua franca.
Customs and religion
The Murut were the last of Sabah's ethnic groups to renounce headhunting. As with the Iban of Sarawak, collecting heads of enemies traditionally served a very important role in Murut spiritual beliefs. For example, a man could only get married after he presented at least one head to the family of the desired girl.
The Murut were shifting cultivators of hill padi and tapioca, supplementing their diet with blowpipe hunting and with some fishing. They live in communal longhouses, usually near rivers, using the rivers as their highways. Most have now converted to Christianity, with about a fifth of the population being Muslims. However, they still maintain their culture.
Traditional dress for men was a jacket made of tree bark (Artocarpus tamaran), a red loincloth, and a headdress decorated with Argus pheasant feathers. Women wore a black sleeveless blouse and sarong, which fell just below the knees. Like most of the other indigenous groups in Sabah, the Murut decorated their clothing with distinctive beadwork and also made belts out of old silver coins. Another belt made of reddish-brown glass beads plus yellow and blue beads was hung loosely around the waist.
Murut wedding or funeral feasts can last several days. Ancient Chinese jars hold a prominent status in Murut customs. Jars are also a place of spirits, and larger jars were formerly used as coffins.
Musical heritage
The Murut have a musical heritage consisting of various types of agung ensembles – ensembles composed of large hanging, suspended or held, bossed/knobbed gongs which act as a drone without any accompanying melodic instrument.
Murut also used bamboo as a musical instrument, by using bamboo to compose songs. Some musical instrument like tangkung (similar to that of a guitar, except it has only two strings) is made from wood. Tangkung is usually played during their leisure time.
Antanum
Antanum was a famous and influential Murut warrior from Sabah who according to local oral history claimed to have supernatural powers. Because of this, he was able to receive support from the chiefs and villagers from around Keningau, Tenom, Pensiangan, and Rundum and led the Rundum uprising against the British North Borneo Company but was killed during fighting with the company army in Sungai Selangit near Pensiangan.
Sub-ethnic groups
The Murut people are divided into three linguistic groups, namely:-
Murutic languages cluster:
Okolod (North Kalimantan, Indonesia)
Keningau Murut (Keningau, Sabah, Malaysia)
Tagal or Tahol Murut (Sabah, Malaysia)
Paluan (Sabah, Malaysia)
Selungai Murut (North Kalimantan, Indonesia)
Timugon Murut (Sabah, Malaysia)
Bulusu Murut (Kalimantan, Indonesia)
Tingalan Murut (Kalimantan, Indonesia)
Agabag Murut (Kalimantan, Indonesia)
Northern languages cluster:
Bookan (Sabah, Malaysia)
Tidong languages cluster:
Tidung people (Tarakan, North Kalimantan, Indonesia)
Bulungan people (Bulungan Regency, North Kalimantan, Indonesia)
Kalabakan (Sabah, Malaysia)
Sembakung Murut (Sabah, Malaysia)
Serudung Murut (Sabah, Malaysia)
Notable figures
Antanum – Murut warrior who fought against the British North Borneo Company but was killed while fighting with the company army in Sungai Selangit near Pensiangan
Gaunon Lulus – Murut man who built a railroad from Tanjung Aru to Melalap, Tenom, with Arthur Joseph West
Andre Anura – Malaysian athlete from Tenom, Sabah
Noorita Sual – Malaysian Parliament member
Raime Unggi – former member of the Malaysian Parliament
Tun Ahmad Koroh – fifth head of state of Sabah, also of partial Dusun ancestry
Tun Mohamad Adnan Robert – sixth head of state of Sabah
Tan Sri Suffian Koroh – former deputy chief minister of Sabah
John Daukom – Olympic sprinter
References
Ethnic groups in Indonesia
Ethnic groups in Sabah
Dayak people
Headhunting
The Penitent Thief, also known as the Good Thief, Wise Thief, Grateful Thief or the Thief on the Cross, is one of two unnamed thieves in Luke's account of the crucifixion of Jesus in the New Testament. The Gospel of Luke describes him asking Jesus to "remember him" when Jesus comes into his kingdom. The other, as the impenitent thief, challenges Jesus to save himself and both of them to prove that he is the Messiah.
He is officially venerated in the Catholic Church. The Roman Martyrology places his commemoration on 25 March, together with the Feast of the Annunciation, because of the ancient Christian tradition that Christ (and the penitent thief) were crucified and died exactly on the anniversary of Christ's incarnation.
He is given the name Dismas in the Gospel of Nicodemus and is traditionally known in Catholicism as Saint Dismas (sometimes Dysmas; in Spanish and Portuguese, Dimas). Other traditions have bestowed other names:
In Coptic Orthodox tradition and the Narrative of Joseph of Arimathea, he is named Demas.
In the Codex Colbertinus, he is named Zoatham or Zoathan.
In the Arabic Infancy Gospel, he is named Titus.
In Russian Orthodox tradition, he is named Rakh (Russian: Рах).
Gospel of Luke
Narrative
Two men were crucified at the same time as Jesus, one on his right and one on his left, which the Gospel of Mark interprets as fulfillment of the prophecy of Isaiah 53:12 ("And he was numbered with the transgressors"). According to the Gospels of Matthew and Mark, respectively, both of the thieves mocked Jesus; Luke, however, relates:
Attempts have been made to reconcile the apparent contradiction between Luke's account and that of Mark and Matthew. Augustine of Hippo suggested that the authors of Mark and Matthew, for the sake of concision, employed a figure of speech whereby the plural was put for the singular. Later commentators, such as Frederic Farrar, have drawn attention to the difference between the Greek words used: "The two first Synoptists tell us that both the robbers during an early part of the hours of crucifixion reproached Jesus (ὠνείδιζον), but we learn from St Luke that only one of them used injurious and insulting language to Him (ἐβλασφήμει)."
"Amen ... today ... in paradise"
The phrase translated "Amen, I say to you, today you will be in paradise" in Luke 23:43 ("Ἀμήν σοι λέγω σήμερον μετ' ἐμοῦ ἔσῃ ἐν τῷ παραδείσῳ." Amén soi légo sémeron met' emoû ése en tôi paradeísoi) is disputed in a minority of versions and commentaries. The Greek manuscripts are without punctuation, so attribution of the adverb "today" to the verb "be", as "Amen I say to you, today you will be with me in paradise" (the majority view), or the verb "say", as "Amen I say to you today, you will be with me in paradise" (the minority view), is dependent on analysis of word order conventions in Koine Greek. The majority of ancient Bible translations also follow the majority view, with only the Aramaic language Curetonian Gospels offering significant testimony to the minority view. As a result, some prayers recognize the good thief as the only person confirmed as a saint—that is, a person known to be in Paradise after death—by the Bible, and by Jesus himself. Thomas Aquinas wrote:
Unnamed
Only the Gospel of Luke describes one of the criminals as penitent, and that gospel does not name him.
Augustine of Hippo does not name the thief, but wonders if he might not have been baptized at some point.
According to tradition, the Good Thief was crucified to Jesus' right and the other thief was crucified to his left. For this reason, depictions of the crucifixion of Jesus often show Jesus' head inclined to his right, showing his acceptance of the Good Thief. In the Russian Orthodox Church, both crucifixes and crosses are usually made with three bars: the top one, representing the titulus (the inscription that Pontius Pilate wrote and was nailed above Jesus' head); the longer crossbar on which Jesus' hands were nailed; and a slanted bar at the bottom representing the footrest to which Jesus' feet were nailed. The footrest is slanted, pointing up towards the Good Thief, and pointing down towards the other.
According to John Chrysostom, the thief dwelt in the desert and robbed or murdered anyone unlucky enough to cross his path. According to Pope Gregory I, he "was guilty of blood, even his brother's blood" (fratricide).
Named
"Dismas"
Luke's unnamed penitent thief was later assigned the name Dismas in an early Greek recension of the Acta Pilati and the Latin Gospel of Nicodemus, portions of which may be dated to the late fourth century. The name "Dismas" may have been adapted from a Greek word meaning "sunset" or "death". The other thief's name is given as Gestas. In Syriac Infancy Gospel's Life of the Good Thief (Histoire Du Bon Larron French 1868, English 1882), Augustine of Hippo said, the thief said to Jesus, the child: "O most blessed of children, if ever a time should come when I shall crave Thy Mercy, remember me and forget not what has passed this day."
Anne Catherine Emmerich saw the Holy Family "exhausted and helpless"; according to Augustine of Hippo and Peter Damian, the Holy Family met Dismas, in these circumstances. Pope Theophilus of Alexandria (385–412) wrote a Homily on the Crucifixion and the Good Thief, which is a classic of Coptic literature.
"Demas"
In Coptic Orthodoxy, he is named Demas. This is the name given to him in the Narrative of Joseph of Arimathea.
"Titus"
The apocryphal Syriac Infancy Gospel calls the two thieves Titus and Dumachus, and adds a tale about how Titus (the good one) prevented the other thieves in his company from robbing Mary and Joseph during their flight into Egypt.
"Rakh"
In the Russian tradition, the Good Thief's name is "Rakh" (Russian: Рах).
Sainthood
The Catholic Church remembers the Good Thief on 25 March. In the Roman Martyrology, the following entry is given: "Commemoration of the holy thief in Jerusalem who confessed to Christ and canonized him by Jesus himself on the cross at that moment and merited to hear from him: 'Today you will be with me in Paradise.
A number of towns, including San Dimas, California, are named after him. Also, parish churches are named after him, such as the Church of the Good Thief in Kingston, Ontario, Canada—built by convicts at nearby Kingston Penitentiary, Saint Dismas Church in Waukegan, Illinois, the Old Catholic Parish of St Dismas in Coseley and the Church of St. Dismas, the Good Thief, a Catholic church at the Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, New York.
The Eastern Orthodox Church remembers him on Good Friday, along with the crucifixion. The Synaxarion offers this couplet in his honor:
Eden's locked gates the Thief has opened wide,
By putting in the key, "Remember me."
He is commemorated in a traditional Eastern Orthodox prayer said before receiving the eucharist: "I will not speak of Thy Mystery to Thine enemies, neither like Judas will I give Thee a kiss; but like the thief will I confess Thee: Remember me, O Lord in Thy Kingdom."
Art
In medieval art, St Dismas is often depicted as accompanying Jesus in the Harrowing of Hell as related in and the Apostles' Creed (though neither text mentions the thief).
In the Eastern Orthodox Church, one of the hymns of Good Friday is entitled, "The Good Thief" (or "The Wise Thief", Church Slavonic: "Razboinika blagorazumnago"), and speaks of how Christ granted Dismas Paradise. Several compositions of this hymn are used in the Russian Orthodox Church and form one of the highlights of the Matins service on Good Friday.
In Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot, the main characters Vladimir and Estragon briefly discuss the inconsistencies between the Four Evangelists' accounts of the penitent and impenitent thieves. Vladimir concludes that since only Luke says that one of the two was saved, "then the two of them must have been damned [...] why believe him rather than the others?"
In popular culture
The thief features in Christian popular music, as in Christian rock band Third Day's 1995 song "Thief", and the name of the Christian rock band Dizmas. The thief also is the narrator in Sydney Carter's controversial song "Friday Morning".
Portrayed by Stelio Savante in the award-winning Good Friday film Once We Were Slaves directed by Dallas Jenkins
St. Dismas is central to the early plot of the video game Uncharted 4: A Thief's End in which treasure hunter Nathan Drake uses a St. Dismas statue to aid in his search for pirate treasure.
Dismas is the name of one of two starting characters in the video game The Darkest Dungeon. He is also referred to as a rogue, thief, and highwayman in the in-game descriptions. A comic showing his backstory, as well as in-game item descriptions, implies that he is attempting to redeem himself after killing an innocent woman and her child. A special achievement is granted if both starting characters reach the game's final challenge, fittingly titled "On the old road, we found redemption."
In the 1967 romantic comedy caper film Fitzwilly, butler mastermind Claude Fitzwilliam (Dick Van Dyke) and his larcenous staff operate St. Dismas Thrift Shoppe in Philadelphia, a fictional charity where they send and store their stolen loot.
St. Dismas is prominently mentioned throughout the 1946 film The Hoodlum Saint starring William Powell, Esther Williams and Angela Lansbury.
Dismas Hardy is the main protagonist in a series of legal and crime thriller novels by John Lescroart.
See also
Impenitent thief Gestas, the other thief crucified alongside Jesus
Life of Jesus in the New Testament
Passion (Christianity)
List of names for the biblical nameless
Saint Dismas, patron saint archive
San Dimas A city named after the Penitent Thief
References
External links
The Wise Thief hymn from Eastern Orthodox Good Friday service (in English)
Saint Dismas – Freebase
Christian saints from the New Testament
10s births
30s deaths
Christian folklore
Gospel of Luke
Followers of Jesus
People executed by crucifixion
Saints from the Holy Land
Year of birth unknown
Unnamed people of the Bible
Survivor's Law (Traditional Chinese: 律政新人王) is a 25-episode TVB drama broadcast between July 14, 2003 to August 15, 2003. It is the direct prequel to 2007's Survivor's Law II (律政新人王II).
Cast
Raymond Lam as Lok Bun 樂斌 (Ben)
Myolie Wu as Chung Ching-Ling 鍾清鈴 (Ling Ling)
Sammul Chan as Cheuk Wai-Ming 卓偉名 (Vincent)
Bernice Liu as Chiang Si-Ka 蔣思嘉 (Jessica)
Lok Ying Kwan as Hung Ting-Wai 洪定威 (Homer)
Ruby Wong as Kwok Yim-Na 郭艷娜 (Angela)
Lee Kwok Lun as Lee Ming-Kit 李明杰 (Marco)
Hui Siu Hung as Lok Kin 樂健
Chan Ka Yee as Yuen Siu-Fong 袁小芳
Casper Chan as Lok Nga 樂雅 (Go Go)
Lee Sing Cheung as Chung Hon-Sing 鍾漢星
Rosanne Lui as Leung Fung-Ping 梁鳳萍
Liu Kai Chi as Cheuk Fan 卓凡
Winnie Yeung as Nancy
Juno Mak as Ma Ching-Kin 馬青見 (Ah Leng)
Helen Tam as Lee Mei-Lei 李美利 (Money)
Cha Cha Chan as Miu Choi-Si 苗賽詩 (Cecilia)
Synopsis
H.K. Firm is a down-and-out law firm looked upon with scorn and derision by the law fraternity. Owner Homer Hong Dingwei (Lok Ying Kwan), a lawyer who had his license removed for offending the judge, has no choice but to recruit fresh law graduates to revamp the firm.
Ben Lok (Raymond Lam) had been sacked by his previous employer because of his unconventional image and attitude. Saddled with his family's financial burdens, Ben has no other choice but to work at H.K Firm. There, he meets three other young lawyers, all of whom are working for Homer for different reasons.
Vincent Cheuk (Sammul Chan) refuses to be a small fry following a big lawyer around and so joins a small firm to fight his own cases independently.
Chung Ching-Ling (Myolie Wu), ostracized at the previous law firm for her passionate and righteous ways, decides to make her career in H.K. Firm instead.
Jessica Chiang (Bernice Liu), she has followed her heart and Vincent into the firm.
Through time and trial, all four become tight friends. Nevertheless, a complicated love rectangle, misunderstandings and ambitions threaten to break their bond…
Plot
The series first begin with some realistic and interesting civil cases such as custody battles, divorce settlements, and a case featuring a severed finger. The four lawyers work brilliantly on these cases and at the same time, grows closer to each other.
A divorce case brings Homer and Jessica's aunt Angela, another well-known lawyer, heads on as the two defend their own genders in an amusing case of banter. It is revealed the two of them used to be together. Homer, however, now has a wife and throughout the show is frequently seen as easily intimidated by Angela.
During a custody battle case, Ching-Ling learns that her mother was not her biological mother. By the time she learned of this, her real mother had died. Furious at being denied the chance to ever meet her real mother, she leaves home and starts living with Jessica instead. Her personal feelings interfere with her case performance, causing her to lose, but the parents were so moved by her words the child was allowed to see both parents.
In a case dealing with corporations trying to take more money from their customers, Vincent and Jessica work together and he teaches her to be more confident and sure of herself. When they win the case, Jessica wants to give Vincent a hug, but when he holds out his hands for a high-five instead she accepts it.
Ben gets a similar case where his parents are pressured by a company to sign a contract they never wanted, Ben helps them take the case to court. He first intended to play the role of a son and not a lawyer, but after a while could not resist pointing out to the judge several laws that could work to his family's favour. The judge, amused, ends the case in Ben's favour.
For a real mystery, the case of the severed finger is given. Vincent and Ben are called up by Homer in the middle of a night to a street, where they find Homer's friend throwing up. All he could say was 'water bottle', and when Ben picks it up, he sees to his horror a severed finger in it. They convince the innocent man not to flee and instead report to the police - headed by none other than Vincent's father. All four lawyers, with help from Homer himself, try to find out more information and in the end, even finds the real culprit.
The possible romance is already hinted as it is revealed that Jessica has been in love with Vincent for a while, much to the teasing of Ben. However, due to a series of hilarious misunderstandings, the firm believes that Jessica and Ben are together. Meanwhile, Ben falls for Ching-Ling, but he holds back when it is revealed that she is starting a relationship with Vincent. Vincent figured out Ben harboured feelings for Ching-Ling, but Ben promised not to interfere. Vincent and Ching-Ling seem like the 'ideal' couple, and neither Ben nor Jessica was willing to ruin it.
Vincent's ambitions and Ching-Ling's sense of justice soon came to a clash when he illegally disturbed the prosecution witnesses in the hopes of winning his own cases. It didn't help that his father and Ben were also involved. Ben's client was accused of murder, but he wasn't responsible because at that time, he was helping smuggle drugs. The sole witness: A police officer who chased him for several streets. The police officer: Vincent's father, who had used the drugs Ben's client threw away to frame a drug dealer.
Ben wanted Vincent's father to testify so that his client could be cleared, but Vincent objected. If his father testified and admitted he went against police protocol by framing the dealer, his father could go to jail. In Vincent's eyes, drug smugglers were the scum of society and nowhere as important as a police officers, so he couldn't see why Ben was so intent on helping them. Just as Ben's and Vincent's friendship looked as if it were being placed on its limits, Vincent's father voluntarily confesses everything in court. Ben's client was cleared, but now Vincent's father had to go through the court system. Vincent tried defending his father, but it was a lost case, and Vincent's father was sentenced to jail.
The unhappy Vincent then got himself drunk and encountered Ching-Ling at that state. She, however, was disappointed and disgusted with him and his methods, and refused to be with him any longer. In a sick twist, Ben arrived at the scene and witnessed the whole thing. Vincent then accused him of stealing Ching-Ling away, revealing to her that Ben had feelings towards her. Furious at what she thought were false accusations to Vincent's best friend, she leaves with Ben.
Later, Vincent asked for a vacation and momentarily leaves the firm. Homer granted it to him, deciding he needed some time to recover from losing both a father and love interest. Ben, in a move showing his deep friendship with Vincent, tells Ching-Ling not to be angry at Vincent for he did harbour feelings for her. However, he knows not to pursue on them, and she accepts this.
After a few more cases, Vincent returns. On the surface, he had recovered and was once again friendly towards his co-workers. This quickly turned out to be a front, for now he was using any possible means to win his new cases. This contrasted with his friends, who always tried to help anyone who was wronged. Vincent was now helping those with money, unconcerned whether they were guilty or not. He disappointed everyone, those in the law firm, his father, and his friends. Only Jessica openly remained supportive of him.
Ching-Ling soon starts having feelings for Ben, but the timing could not have been any more cruel. Ben's friend, who was in jail, had called him due to new evidence. Ben arrived, and it is revealed that one of the reasons Ben became a lawyer was because seven years ago his friend was wrongly prosecuted and sentenced to jail for a crime he did not commit. The inmate told Ben that he heard from one of the other prisoners that a man named 'Saw-Pao' (Literally 'Crazy Leopard') was responsible for the crime he was imprisoned for. The crime was the stabbing of a girl in a park. With Jessica's help, Ben reviews over the case, and sees that the sole witness to the crime was Ching-Ling herself.
For appeal grounds, Ben shows how there was evidence of a third party due to blood found on the crime scene that did not belong to anyone identified. Then, he and Jessica track Saw-Pao down and takes some of his blood to be tested for DNA.
Ching-Ling knew nothing about this. So when Ben asked to meet her, she thought he was going to ask her whether they could try starting a relationship. When Ben informs her he plans to reopen the case, she is furious and emotionally upset. Her own reason for becoming a lawyer was also because of this case, the cruel murder of her best friend, hence her earlier sensitivity to any cases related to violence against woman. It was obvious that once again, Ben and Ching-Ling were denied a chance to be together.
The next time they met was in court. Ben, the defense lawyer, asked Ching-Ling, the witness, why she was so sure the defendant was guilty. She says that he was always following her friend around, but was constantly rejected. Ben pointed out that the crime occurred at night and there were no lights around so she couldn't have seen the face of the culprit. Ching-Ling counters she saw the abnormally large nose and that was enough for her to know who the murderer was. Ben then holds up several photos, all of them completely covered except for their noses. He asks her to identify which nose belonged to the culprit. When she chooses one of pictures, he lifts the cover off to show Saw-Pao's face, and announces to the court Saw-Pao's blood was also found on the crime scene seven years ago. The court and Ching-Ling realized that they had sentenced the wrong person, and Ben's friend was finally released.
Following the case's ending, a new one began as Saw-Pao now has to go through court. He hired his own lawyer: Vincent. His friends were dismayed, and tried to tell him not to accept the case. Not only did he refuse to listen to them, but he pursued the case like it was a way of revenge. He questioned Ben's credibility and described gave Ching-Ling a poor impression to the court. Not wanting to sink to his level, Ben tried to look for more evidence, and soon found a driver that could testify Saw-Pao was present on the day of the crime. Ben and Ching-Ling were happy, for the case looked as if it were going to finish quickly and smoothly.
What the two didn't expect was Vincent's now cruel cunning. Vincent had figured out Ben's feelings for Ching-Ling earlier, but now he had also figured out Jessica's feelings for him. So he charmed her to tell him Ben's progress with the case, and found out about the driver. He confronted Saw-Pao about it, telling him this can make things unpleasant. Saw-Pao then gives Vincent a cheque and told him to give it to a certain person at a bar. Vincent did as told, not suspecting what the cheque was for. Later, in the middle of a trial, the news was out that the driver had been killed 'in a fire', the trial ended with Saw-Pao walking away free.
At last, Jessica gave up on him. She slapped Vincent on the face and yelled at him, telling him he was no more than a dog of Saw-Pao now. Vincent never meant for things to go this far, but it appeared now that not only was everyone in the law firm disappointed in him, they were disgusted with him. Things were only made worst when Saw-Pao cornered Ching-Ling and graphically described how he killed her best friend, traumatizing her. Vincent told him to stop, but Saw-Pao was no friend of his and reminded Vincent that Saw-Pao was practically his only companion now. To seal Vincent's losses, in his next visit to his father he is told how disappointed his father is with him, and tells Vincent that unless he can go back to the right path, don't ever visit him again.
Solemn, Vincent wanders out aimlessly and nearly gets hit by a car. Ben pulls him away and when Vincent asks him why, Ben answers that he wouldn't give up hope so easily when it comes to his friends. Now given a spark of hope, Vincent decides to amend for his mistakes, and goes to the bar that he had given the cheque away to. He never met the man again, and instead it is Saw-Pao who greets him.
Saw-Pao starts talking of how worthless and incapable Vincent now was. The words deeply affected Vincent is his state, and Saw-Pao decides to go further. He places a gun on the table and tells Vincent to shoot him, and when Vincent hesitated Saw-Pao points out how weak Vincent was. He then talks of how he had some lackeys of his to go kidnap Jessica, the one whom Saw-Pao had figured Vincent cared for. Vincent watched as Saw-Pao picked up his cell phone and started talking about how his lackeys should treat Jessica. Frightened and enraged, Vincent picks up the gun and shoots Saw-Pao in the head - right in front of the bartender.
As it turns out, Jessica was not kidnapped or harmed at all, Saw-Pao was simply lying to blackmail Vincent. Yet now that Vincent had killed someone, he has to go to court. He chooses Ben as his defense lawyer, and when the latter asks why Vincent chose him, Vincent tells him he was hoping what Ben said was true - that he wouldn't give up on friends so easily. Ben took the case, and during trial Vincent saw that everyone was present. The trial ended in Vincent's favour, and he was released.
The four returned to being friends, but it quickly turned into something more. Ben finally got together with Ching-Ling and the same thing occurred between Vincent and Jessica.
External links
Review and more details
TVB dramas
Hong Kong legal television series
2003 Hong Kong television series debuts
2003 Hong Kong television series endings
Paul Jacques Marie Desfarges (born 7 May 1944, in Saint-Etienne in Loire (department)) is a retired French-Algerian Jesuit priest who served as the Archbishop of Algiers from 2016 to 2021.
Career
Desfarges arrived in Algeria in 1965 for military service. He taught as a civilian in a White Fathers school in Ghardaia.
Returning to France, he decided to become a Jesuit and joined the novitiate on 14 October 1967. After his vows as religious, and theological studies, he was ordained a priest on 14 June 1975. He made his solemn profession on 30 April 1981.
Desfarges then spent nearly 30 years in Constantine, where, among other subjects, he taught psychology at the university from 1976 to 2006. In 1982, he obtained Algerian citizenship.
Beginning in 2006, he headed the spiritual center Ben Smen to Algiers, while the upper Algiers Jesuit community.
Pope Benedict XVI appointed him Bishop of Constantine and Hippo on 21 November 2008. He succeeded Bishop Gabriel Piroird, who retired for reasons of age. Desfarges was consecrated on 12 February 2009 and installed as the bishop of Constantine eight days later.
On 24 December 2016 Pope Francis named Desfarges the Archbishop of Algiers. He submitted his resignation when he reached the mandatory retirement age of 75 and his resignation was accepted by Francis 27 December 2021.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bdesfar.html
French Roman Catholic archbishops
1944 births
Living people
French Jesuits
Jesuit archbishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Constantine
French expatriate bishops
Roman Catholic archbishops of Algiers
21st-century Algerian people
Dan White is a former Ohio House of Representatives member who was appointed to replace Kathleen Walcher in 2006.
He lost the 2006 election for the seat to Matt Barrett.
References
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Living people
Ohio Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Woodhull is an unincorporated community located in the town of Lamartine, Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States.
Location
Woodhull is located at the junction of County Road Y and Forest Ave. Our Risen Savior Catholic Church is located on the south eastern corner of the intersection. There is one bar, and a few houses throughout the remainder of the community.
History
A post office called Woodhull was established in 1864, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1904. The community was named for Nathaniel Woodhull, a military general in the American Revolutionary War or possibly for John Woodhull, the deputy postmaster at Fond du Lac, Wisconsin at the time.
Images
References
Unincorporated communities in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Karancsalja (Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary, in Salgótarján District.
Karancsalja has probably been inhabited since the time of the Hungarian conquest, since its area – the northern side of the valley – is slightly raised from its surroundings, thus providing a suitable place for settlement.
Like other settlements of the Karancs region, at the beginning of its history, Karancsalja was a typical village on a highway, and it was established along the road connecting the Great Plain and the Highlands. Until the middle of the 19th century, this was an important trade route for the county and even for the country. The traffic here was of considerable economic importance.
Despite its favorable geographical conditions, Karancsalja did not become a large settlement, although in the second half of the 19th century, with the emergence and rapid development of mining, the village began to grow. More than 1400 people live in Karancsalja today.
Etymology
The village is first documented in 1335, as Korunchalya. The name Karancs refers to the Karancs Hills, and it derives from a male given name which has Turkic origin. The word alja means 'foot of [a hill]'.
Geography
Karancsalja is located in the northern part of Nógrád county, in the heart of the former Palócföld region. It lies among the northern ranges of the Karancs Hills in its valley. Karancsalja is bordered by Karancsberény in the north, Karancslapujtő in the west, Salgótarján in the east and Etes in the south. It lies near the border between Hungary and Slovakia.
Footpaths and forest tracks are available from the village to the Karancs Hills.
Climate
Karancsalja, typically for its Central European location, has a humid continental climate.
History
Karancsalja is a settlement of the Árpádian age in the valley of the Dobroda stream.
It was named after the 729-metre-high (2392 ft) Karancs peak, which is situated a few kilometres northeast of the village, on the border of Slovakia and Hungary, is also called "Palóc Olympus".
The village already existed in the Árpádian period. According to legend, in 1241 King Béla IV found refuge there one night when he had to flee after bloody battle of Mohi against the Tatars. Tradition holds that the King's daughter, St. Margaret, built the Margaret Chapel on the summit of Karancs to commemorate this famous event.
The history of the village during the Turkish occupation and in the late medieval period is rather unexamined.
In 1548 it was owned by Ferenc Bebek.
In 1715, the census recorded 8, and in 1720, 14 Hungarian households.
In 1770 László Jankovich, at the beginning of the 19th century Antal Jankovics, and in the early 1900s Géza Balla were the most important landowners of the village.
The mansion in the village was built by Miklós Jankovich at the beginning of the 19th century, but was rebuilt by its new owner in 1909 and demolished in the 1950s.
In 1873 a large cholera epidemic devastated the settlement.
The coal mines on the outskirts of Karancsalja were of great importance to the life of the population, providing a livelihood for many people in the 19th and 20th centuries. At the end of 1944, the Karancslejtős mine at Etes, a few kilometres from the village, was the scene of a tragic event when seven of the miners who refused to work, to get better conditions, were shot dead.
Population
Ethnic groups
In 2001, 99% of the population of the settlement declared themselves to be Hungarian and 1% Romani.
At the 2011 census, 88.5% of the population said they were Hungarian, 2.9% Romani, 0.3% German, 0.3% Slovak (11.5% did not answer; due to dual identities, the total may be more than 100%).
Religion
The distribution of religion was as follows: Roman Catholic 47.4%, Reformed 1.9%, Lutheran 0.8%, non-denominational 22.3% (25.6% did not answer).
The Roman Catholic church in Karancsalja was built in 1886.
Politics
List of mayors
1990–1994: Ponyi Ferenc (independent)
1994–1998: Ponyi Ferenc (independent)
1998–2002: Lantos Sándor (independent)
2002–2006: Lantos Sándor (MSZP)
2006–2010: Lantos Sándor (MSZP)
2010–2013: Pál Gyula (independent)
2013–2014: Sulyok Oszkár Jánosné (independent)
2014–2019: Sulyok Oszkár Jánosné (independent)
from 2019: Sulyok Oszkár Jánosné (independent)
Education
There is a kindergarten (Karancsaljai Napfény Óvoda) and a primary school (Mocsáry Antal Általános Iskola Karancsaljai Tagintézménye) in the village. There are no secondary and vocational schools in the village.
Transport
The village is located in the northeastern part of Nógrád county, only five Kilometres northwest of the county capital Salgótarján. From Salgótarján, the easiest way to reach Karancsalja is by Road 2206 (a side road of the Dual carriageway 21 between Litke and Salgótarján), it is the first settlement from the county capital.
The village used to be isolated from Budapest, Hungary's main transport hub. However, the completion of the Dual carriageway 21 means Budapest can now be reached in under 1.5 hours. Karancsalja is also accessible from the Main road 22, from where one has to turn east-northeast in Ságújfalu, to the 7-km-long (4.35 mi) Side road 22109 through Etes.
Although Karancsalja is not served by train, the nearest train station in Salgótarján is available by regional buses (cca 10 minutes journey time), from where Budapest is available by coach (direct service) or by train (with 1 change in Hatvan).
The village today
The infrastructure (water, gas, drainage, telephone, cable TV) is fully developed, the roads have been renovated. A pavement was built on an 800 m long section in the centre of the village.
The flag and coat of arms of the village were consecrated in 2000, and a memorial erected in honor of the victims of World War I & II was completed that year, and an ornamental park was established soon after. In 2003, the sports field was renovated.
A popular excursion destination is the "Tavas" recreation park, where cultural and sports programs are organized on public holidays. The most visited events in the village are the Village Day on the last Saturday of July, as well as the harvest parade and ball in early October.
In 2015, the Village Library opened in a new location. The bookstore, the children's corner, the furniture and the Internet browsing places create opportunities for everyone from young to old. The installed Internet creates a direct connection with the Balassi Bálint County Library.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Buġibba Battery (), also known as Elbene Battery (), was an artillery battery in Buġibba, limits of St. Paul's Bay, Malta. It was built in the 18th century, by the Order of St. John, as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the coasts of the Maltese islands. The battery no longer exists, but its rock-hewn ditch and some foundations can still be noticed.
History
Buġibba Battery was built in the 18th century during one of the building programmes of coastal batteries in Malta. Sources conflict as to whether it was built in 1715–16, or sometime between 1747 and 1784. It was one of a series of fortifications defending St. Paul's Bay, with the nearest ones to it being Wignacourt Tower to the southwest and Qawra Tower to the northeast.
The battery's exact layout is not known, but it had a semi-circular gun platform with a parapet, and a blockhouse at the rear. It was surrounded by a ditch which was filled with seawater.
Present day
Today, the battery no longer exists, but some of its rock-hewn foundations and ditch can still be seen. The ditch and the remains are listed on the National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands.
Further reading
References
External links
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
Batteries in Malta
Hospitaller fortifications in Malta
Buildings and structures completed in the 18th century
Demolished buildings and structures in Malta
St. Paul's Bay
Limestone buildings in Malta
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
18th-century fortifications
Buildings and structures in St. Paul's Bay
Foreign Correspondent is a weekly Australian documentary series and current affairs program screened on ABC, Tuesdays at (AEDT), Wednesdays at 11.30am as well as on ABC News on Saturdays at 6.30pm. It is also available on iView or on the Foreign Correspondent website. ABC News also repeats the program on Thursdays at 2.30pm if parliament is in recess. The program premiered at on Saturday 14 March 1992. Its aim is to provide information about the happenings in other countries either on the light side of life or during crises.
Foreign Correspondent has been one of Australia's leading programs in its genre since its premiere, and has won several awards, including the Walkley Awards for Excellence in Journalism and White House News Photographers' Association. Since its launch, the news teams have travelled more than 170 countries and produced more than 1,650 reports.
Impact
Correspondents on the program have received attention from other media outlets than the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Crikey covered Eric Campbell's presence in Thailand after he became a subject of the country's lèse majesté laws, which forbids criticism of the monarchy. The Sydney Morning Herald website featured an article about foreign correspondent Sally Sara as she opened up about her experience in an Afghan military hospital.
There are currently 15 correspondents on Australian Foreign Correspondent. Their work can be found on several media platforms: TV, radio, online and on social media.
The United States, Canada, Europe and Asia all have their own versions of the program.
In 2014, China warned ABC that there would be wider implications over its program on Xinjiang.
See also
List of longest-running Australian television series
Notes
External links
Foreign Correspondent archives - abc.net.au
Australian non-fiction television series
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
1992 Australian television series debuts
2000s Australian television series
2010s Australian television series
English-language television shows
Jürgen Kurt Moser (July 4, 1928 – December 17, 1999) was a German-American mathematician, honored for work spanning over four decades, including Hamiltonian dynamical systems and partial differential equations.
Life
Moser's mother Ilse Strehlke was a niece of the violinist and composer Louis Spohr. His father was the neurologist Kurt E. Moser (July 21, 1895 – June 25, 1982), who was born to the merchant Max Maync (1870–1911) and Clara Moser (1860–1934). The latter descended from 17th century French Huguenot immigrants to Prussia. Jürgen Moser's parents lived in Königsberg, German empire and resettled in Stralsund, East Germany as a result of the second world war. Moser attended the Wilhelmsgymnasium (Königsberg) in his hometown, a high school specializing in mathematics and natural sciences education, from which David Hilbert had graduated in 1880. His older brother Friedrich Robert Ernst (Friedel) Moser (August 31, 1925 – January 14, 1945) served in the German Army and died in Schloßberg during the East Prussian offensive.
Moser married the biologist Dr. Gertrude C. Courant (Richard Courant's daughter, Carl Runge's granddaughter and great-granddaughter of Emil DuBois-Reymond) on September 10, 1955 and took up permanent residence in New Rochelle, New York in 1960, commuting to work in New York City. In 1980 he moved to Switzerland, where he lived in Schwerzenbach near Zürich. He was a member of the Akademisches Orchester Zürich. He was survived by his younger brother, the photographic printer and processor Klaus T. Moser-Maync from Northport, New York, his wife, Gertrude Moser from Seattle, their daughters, the theater designer Nina Moser from Seattle and the mathematician Lucy I. Moser-Jauslin from Dijon, and his stepson, the lawyer Richard D. Emery from New York City. Moser played the piano and the cello, performing chamber music since his childhood in the tradition of a musical family, where his father played the violin and his mother the piano. He was a lifelong amateur astronomer and took up paragliding in 1988 during a visit at IMPA in Rio de Janeiro.
Work
Moser completed his undergraduate education at and received his Dr. rer. nat. from the University of Göttingen in 1952, studying under Franz Rellich. After his thesis, he came under the influence of Carl Ludwig Siegel, with whom he coauthored the second and considerably expanded English language edition of a monography on celestial mechanics. Having spent the year 1953 at the Courant Institute of New York University as a Fulbright scholar, he emigrated to the United States in 1955 becoming a citizen in 1959. He became a professor at MIT and later at New York University. He served as director of the Courant Institute of New York University in the period of 1967–1970. In 1970 he declined the offer of a chair at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton. After 1980 he was at ETH Zürich, becoming professor emeritus in 1995. He was director (sharing office with Armand Borel in the first two years) of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at ETH Zürich in 1984–1995, where he succeeded Beno Eckmann. He led a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty. Moser was president of the International Mathematical Union in 1983–1986.
Students
Among Moser's students were Mark Adler of Brandeis University, Ed Belbruno, Charles Conley (1933–1984), Howard Jacobowitz of Rutgers University, and Paul Rabinowitz of University of Wisconsin.
Awards and honours
Moser won the first George David Birkhoff Prize in 1968 for contributions to the theory of Hamiltonian dynamical systems, the James Craig Watson Medal in 1969 for his contributions to dynamical astronomy, the Brouwer Medal of the Royal Dutch Mathematical Society in 1984, the Cantor Medal of the Deutsche Mathematiker-Vereinigung in 1992 and the Wolf Prize in 1995 for his work on stability in Hamiltonian systems and on nonlinear differential equations. He was elected to membership of the National Academy of Sciences in 1973 and was corresponding member of numerous foreign academies such as the London Mathematical Society and the Akademie der Wissenschaften und Literatur, Mainz
. At three occasions he was an invited speaker at the quadrennial International Congress of Mathematicians, namely in Stockholm (1962) in the section on applied mathematics, in Helsinki (1978) in the section on Complex Analysis, and a plenary speaker in Berlin (1998). In 1990 he was awarded honorary doctorates from University of Bochum and from Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris. The Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics established a lecture prize in his honor in 2000.
Notes
References
External links
1928 births
1999 deaths
Brouwer Medalists
ETH Zurich faculty
Wolf Prize in Mathematics laureates
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
20th-century German mathematicians
Scientists from Königsberg
German emigrants to the United States
Scientists from New Rochelle, New York
Mathematical analysts
PDE theorists
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Foreign Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Dynamical systems theorists
Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences faculty
20th-century American mathematicians
Mathematicians from New York (state)
Presidents of the International Mathematical Union
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
The Nuragic bronze statuettes (bronzetti in Italian, brunzitos or brunzitus in Sardinian) are typical Nuragic Sardinian bronze sculptures of the final phase of the Bronze Age and the early Iron Age.
During the archaeological excavations in Sardinia, more than 500 of these bronze statuettes have been discovered, mainly in places of worship like the holy wells and the so-called megara temples but also in villages and nuraghes. Several statues were also found in excavations carried out in Etruscan tombs of central Italy from the 9th-8th century BC.
Probably obtained with the lost wax technique, they can measure up to 39 cm. They represent scenes of everyday life of the nuragic people, depicting characters from various social classes, animal figures, warriors, chiefs, divinities, everyday objects and ships.
Archaeologists have not been able yet to date the figures accurately: they were allegedly made between the IX° century BC and the VI° century BC; however, the recent discoveries at Orroli and at Ballao of fragments of bronze statues dating from the XIII° century BC have called into question their effective date.
Arcaehologist Ralph A. Gonzalez dated the earliest types of bronze statuettes to the 12th-11th century BC.
Gallery
Notes
Bibliography
AA.VV., La civiltà in Sardegna nei secoli, Torino, Edizioni ERI.
Casula F.C., La storia di Sardegna, Sassari, 1994.
Foddai L., Sculture zoomorfe. Studi sulla bronzistica figurata nuragica, Cargeghe, 2008.
Lilliu, G. La civiltà dei Sardi dal neolitico all'età dei nuraghi, Torino, Edizioni ERI, 1967.
Lilliu G. Sculture della Sardegna nuragica, Verona, 1962.
Archaeology of Sardinia
Sardinia
George William Forbes (; 12 March 1869 – 17 May 1947) was a New Zealand politician who served as the 22nd prime minister of New Zealand from 28 May 1930 to 6 December 1935.
Forbes was born in Lyttelton and later began farming near Christchurch. He became active in local politics. Forbes first entered the House of Representatives in 1908 as a member of the Liberal Party, and when that party declined he became the leader of the newly created United Party in 1928. His rise to power as Prime Minister was unexpected, and some believed him unsuited to the post; it was his misfortune to hold office during the very worst period of the Great Depression. He nevertheless remained in power for five years. Forbes headed the United–Reform coalition Government that eventually became the modern National Party.
Often referred to as "Honest George", Forbes had a reputation for probity, rare debating skill, and impressive memory. His courteous and friendly attitude earned him the liking and respect of parliamentarians from all sides of the House. Throughout his time in national politics his Hurunui constituents held Forbes in high regard: even when Prime Minister he would roll up his sleeves and help load sheep from his farm on the railway wagons for market.
Early life
Forbes was born in Lyttelton, just outside the city of Christchurch. He gained his education at Christchurch Boys' High School in Christchurch, and did not attend university. He became known for his ability at sport, particularly in athletics, rowing, and rugby where he captained the Canterbury team. After finishing school he briefly worked in his father's ships' chandlery business in Lyttelton, but later established himself as a successful farmer near Cheviot, to the north of Christchurch. He quickly became active in the local politics of the region, particularly with regard to the Cheviot County Council and the Cheviot Settlers' Association.
Entry to Parliament
At the , Forbes made his first attempt to enter national politics, standing for the electorate. He stood as an independent, having failed to gain the Liberal Party nomination. He lost the election. At the , however, he became the Liberal Party's official Hurunui candidate, and won the seat of Hurunui. He would hold this seat for thirty-five years.
Forbes remained a backbencher for some time, but became the Liberal Party's Whip when party leader Thomas Mackenzie became Prime Minister in March 1912. He retained this position when his party went into Opposition on 10 July 1912. However, he had considerably higher status within the party than his official responsibilities indicated, although few thought of him as a potential leader.
By the early 1920s, the Liberal Party faced a decision as to its political future. The Reform Party government of William Massey dominated the political scene, having secured the conservative vote, while the growing Labour Party had started to undermine Liberal's progressive voter-base. Many members of the Liberal Party believed an alliance with the Reform Party inevitable, seeing such co-operation as necessary to counteract the "radicalism" of the Labour Party. When Massey died in 1925, Liberal leader Thomas Wilford decided to approach Massey's successor with a merger-proposal, suggesting that the new party could use the name "the National Party". The Liberal Party chose Forbes to represent them at a joint conference. The new Reform Party leader, Gordon Coates, rejected the proposal, although Wilford declared that Liberal would adopt the name "National" regardless.
Party leader
Shortly after the merger proposal was rejected, Wilford resigned as leader, and Forbes unexpectedly became party leader. In the election later that year, however, the party did very badly, gaining only eleven seats compared with Reform's fifty-five. To compound the injury, Forbes no longer even held the post of Leader of the Opposition – the Labour Party had won twelve seats, enabling its leader Harry Holland to claim seniority in Opposition, although with two independents sitting in opposition as well the position of Leader of the Opposition remained vacant until Labour won the 1926 Eden by-election.
The party's poor fortune did not last long, however. In 1927, Liberal Party politician Bill Veitch secured an alliance with Albert Davy, a former Reform Party organiser who had become dissatisfied with what he saw as Reform's paternalism and intrusive governance. The remains of the Liberal Party, still calling itself National, absorbed Davy's new "United New Zealand Political Organization", and adopted the name "the United Party". Forbes and Veitch both vied as candidates for the leadership of the United Party, but the position eventually went to a former Liberal Party Prime Minister, Joseph Ward. Forbes became one of two deputy leaders, having particular responsibility for the South Island.
Under the United banner, bolstered by Reform Party dissidents, the remnants of the old Liberal Party once again gained traction. In the 1928 election, United unexpectedly won as many seats as Reform, and formed a government with backing from the Labour Party. Forbes gained the portfolios of Lands and Agriculture.
Ward had been in poor health for most of the 1920s, and continued to decline throughout his second tenure as Prime Minister. By the spring of 1930, Ward could no longer carry out his duties, leaving Forbes as acting Prime Minister in all but name. In May 1930, Ward finally gave his official resignation, and Forbes succeeded him as United Party leader and Prime Minister. He also served as his own Minister of Finance.
Prime Minister
As Prime Minister, Forbes, described as "apathetic and fatalistic", reacted to events but showed little vision or purpose. Opponents also criticised him for relying too much on the advice of his friends. However, the depression years proved a difficult time for many governments around the world, and his defenders claim that he did the best job possible in the circumstances of the economic crisis. During his premiership, Forbes also served as the Minister of External Affairs between 1930 and 1935.
The Forbes government began to show signs of instability when the Labour Party withdrew its support. Labour expressed dissatisfaction with a number of the government's economic measures – Forbes intended them to reduce the government deficit and to stimulate the economy, but Labour claimed that they unnecessarily harmed the interests of poorer citizens. Forbes had perforce to continue with reluctant support from the Reform Party, which now feared Labour's growing popularity.
In late 1931, Forbes called for a "grand coalition" of United, Reform, and Labour to resolve the country's economic problems. Forbes told a joint conference that he would not implement the measures he deemed necessary without broad backing. Labour refused to join this coalition, but ex-PM Coates (prompted by the Reform Party's finance spokesperson, William Downie Stewart Jr) eventually agreed.
In the 1931 election, the United-Reform Coalition performed well, winning a combined total of fifty-one seats. Forbes remained Prime Minister, but surrendered the finance role to William Stewart. Slowly, however, many people came to believe that Coates held significantly too much power, and that Forbes showed himself overwilling to give in to Coates' demands. This view became reinforced when Coates and Stewart argued over financial policy – although Forbes was known to prefer Stewart's policy, he publicly sided with Coates, and Stewart resigned.
Coates replaced Stewart as Minister of Finance, and became even more dominant in the coalition. Stewart, noting this, complained that "the Prime Minister is too passive and the Minister of Finance is too active". Both Forbes and Coates, however, increasingly took the blame for the country's ongoing economic problems, and could not avoid public dissatisfaction. In the election of 1935 the Labour Party defeated the coalition government, gaining fifty-five votes to the coalition's nineteen.
In 1935, Forbes was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal, and in 1937, he was awarded the King George VI Coronation Medal.
Retirement
By 1935 Forbes had become increasingly weary of politics, writing that he agreed with Stewart's description of the profession as "slavery that is miscalled power". Nevertheless, Forbes reluctantly allowed his colleagues to select him as Leader of the Opposition, and from May 1936 led the new National Party (created out of United and Reform) until October 1936 when Adam Hamilton became the party leader. Both party and leader agreed on Forbes's tenure as leader of the new National Party as a temporary measure, as Forbes had indicated his desire to withdraw from the limelight, and younger figures in the party saw his past tenure as a political liability.
Forbes retained his parliamentary seat until 1943, when he retired after 35 years as a Member of Parliament. He declined the offer of the customary knighthood, and four years after his retirement he died at Crystal Brook, his farm near Cheviot.
The national memorial for Forbes, the George Forbes Memorial Library, forms part of Lincoln University near Christchurch.
References
Further reading
Work of Forbes
Works about Forbes
External links
Encyclopaedia of New Zealand 1966 (George William Forbes)
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
Attorneys-General of New Zealand
Prime Ministers of New Zealand
Local politicians in New Zealand
New Zealand farmers
New Zealand finance ministers
New Zealand foreign ministers
New Zealand Liberal Party MPs
New Zealand National Party MPs
Leaders of political parties in New Zealand
People from Lyttelton, New Zealand
1869 births
1947 deaths
People educated at Christchurch Boys' High School
Leaders of the Opposition (New Zealand)
United Party (New Zealand) MPs
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
New Zealand members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Donald E. Noble (January 21, 1915 – June 30, 2002) was an American businessman and the CEO of Wooster Rubber Company, the predecessor of Rubbermaid, from 1959 to 1980. He also founded TechniGraphics in Wooster.
Education and work history
Noble was born January 21, 1915, in Lansing, Michigan, and he was raised in Cleveland, Ohio. Noble worked through the Depression while in university at National City Bank of Cleveland, starting as a messenger and advancing over his eight years of employment to a management position. He earned a degree in business administration from Western Reserve University in 1941.
Noble moved to Wooster, Ohio, in 1941 to join the Wooster Rubber Co, predecessor of Rubbermaid Inc., initially as chief accountant and assistant office manager. He was named CEO of Rubbermaid in 1959 and held the position until his retirement in 1980. During his tenure, Rubbermaid made the transformation from rubber products to plastic products, increased sales and developed a business plan which provided innovation through research and development. He increased sales over 1100 percent from $24.5 million to $305 million. Net earnings during his time as CEO increased from 21 cents to $2.96 per share.
Community involvement
Noble was a noted benefactor to the College of Wooster, where he served on the board of trustees for 41 years. With his wife Alice he formed the Donald and Alice Noble Foundation in Wooster, Ohio. Shortly before his death, Noble built an ice rink in Wooster. He also helped found TechniGraphics, Inc. a mapping and engineering services company in Wooster.
Family
Donald and Alice Noble were married on July 8, 1939, and were married for more than 60 years. Together they had four children: Richard, David, Jeanne and Nancy.
References
Noble, Donald E. (1996). Like Only Yesterday, The Wooster Book Company. .
20th-century American businesspeople
1915 births
2002 deaths
Aaj Ka Hindustan () is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Jayant Desai and starring Rose, Prithviraj Kapoor, Ishwarlal, Sitara Devi and comedian Charlie. It was produced by Movietone. The film is the story of two brothers – one a nationalist (Prithviraj).
References
External links
1940 films
1940s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films directed by Jayant Desai
“Bailey Park” is a song by Tullycraft, recorded with producer Pat Maley in the Capitol Theater at Yoyo Studios in Olympia, Washington. The birds heard at the beginning of the track are not a sample, Maley hung a second microphone out of a second floor theatre window while Tollefson was recording his vocals. The birds heard on the track are downtown Olympia birds recorded at the same time as the vocals. Guitarist Gary Miklusek once said: “'Bailey Park' ranks as a top song for me. Live it was a blast to play and almost a guaranteed string-breaker… perhaps my only sore memories of Tullycraft.”
“Sweet” was the b-side. "Sweet" also appeared on the band's debut album Old Traditions, New Standards. In 2007 the song was used in a television commercial for the hot dog chain Wienerschnitzel. It was licensed without the band's knowledge or permission. The licensing was handled by Darla, the California-based record label that had reissued Old Traditions, New Standards. Tullycraft were not very happy when they learned of the commercial.
“Pedal” was a short re-working of the song that Tollefson had written and recorded with the band Crayon. Pat Maley introduced the idea and even integrated samples of Beat Happening and Tiger Trap from master tapes found in the studio. The idea was to spoof a Pet Shop Boys dance track. In 1997, the Vancouver-based band, Gaze covered the song “Pedal” on their So Sad single.
Track listing
"Bailey Park"
"Sweet"
"Pedal"
Personnel
Sean Tollefson – vocals, bass
Jeff Fell – drums
Gary Miklusek – guitar, backing vocals
Pat Maley – production, audio engineering
Aaron Gorseth – production assistance
Rose Melberg – backing vocals on "Pedal"
References
Strong, M. C. (2003). The Great Indie Discography (2nd Edition) pg. 1041. Published by Canon Books Ltd. (US/CAN) .
Discogs . Bailey Park. Retrieved on November 14, 2008.
Johnston, M. . The Case Of The Wienerschnitzel Song. Retrieved on November 15, 2008.
Discogs . So Sad. Retrieved on November 14, 2008.
1990 singles
1990 songs
PGA National Resort is a resort in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. It has five championship 18-hole golf courses, the most famous of which is "The Champion", which has hosted the 1983 Ryder Cup, the 1987 PGA Championship, the Senior PGA Championship for 19 consecutive years from 1982 to 2000, and the PGA Tour's Honda Classic since 2007.
It has been home to the Professional Golfers' Association of America since the resort's establishment, but the PGA has announced that it will move to new headquarters in Texas in summer 2022.
The resort also includes 339 hotel rooms, nine restaurants and lounges, a 34,000-square-foot conference wing, a 40,000-square-foot spa, 33,000-square-foot health and racquet club with 19 tennis courts, a golf academy, and a members club. It was sold by the developer, E. Llwyd Ecclestone Jr., to Walton Street Capital in 2006 for $170 million, before being sold again in 2018, to Brookfield Asset Management for $218m.
Courses
The Champion - The Champion course opened in 1981 on November 17. It was the site of the Ryder Cup in 1983, the PGA Championship in 1987 (won by Larry Nelson), and the Senior PGA Championship for 19 years, from 1982–2000. The course underwent a $4 million renovation in December 2002 and became the home of The Honda Classic on the PGA Tour in 2007. The tough three hole stretch of the par-3 15th, par-4 16th, and par-3 17th holes is known as "The Bear Trap," named after Jack Nicklaus, who is nicknamed the Golden Bear and redesigned the course. The course was host to the 2018 Governor Cup for the first time in its history.
The Fazio - Originally the Haig Course, named for golfing great Walter Hagen. It was the first course opened for play at PGA National Resort, on March 4, 1980, then was renovated and renamed The Fazio upon opening in November, 2012.
The Palmer - The Palmer, named for golf legend and course designer Arnold Palmer, was the last of the original four courses built at PGA National, opening on February 28, 1984.
The Estates - The Estates originally opened in November 1984 as Stonewall Golf Club, and has been part of PGA National since August 28, 1988.
The Match - Borne from the old Squire Course, the Match Course opened for play in the fall of 2021 and was designed with match play in mind. It delivers a unique golf experience sure to appeal to purists, players and beginners alike.
The Staple - With holes ranging from 60–130 yards, this 9-hole course is perfect for experimenting with a variety of shots and is fun for players of all abilities.
Earlier clubs
BallenIsles
The original PGA National Golf Club (1964–1973) in Palm Beach Gardens was nearby to the east, and is now the BallenIsles Country Club. The Champions Course (now the East Course at BallenIsles) hosted the PGA Championship in 1971, won by Nicklaus in late February. It also was the site of eight consecutive Senior PGA Championships (1966–1973), and the original qualifying school tournaments for the PGA Tour.
Dunedin
An earlier PGA National Golf Club (1944–1962) was on the western side of the state at Dunedin, northwest of Tampa. Designed by noted architect Donald Ross it opened in 1927 as a municipal course. Acquired by the PGA of America in 1944, the course was renamed and hosted the for eighteen consecutive years (1945–1962). The PGA of America moved its national offices from Chicago to Dunedin in 1956, then sold its holdings in the course back to the city in 1962 and relocated to eastern Florida in 1965 at Palm Beach Gardens. Now the Dunedin Golf Club, the course was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
Scorecard
References
Golf clubs and courses in Florida
Sports venues in Palm Beach County, Florida
Ryder Cup venues
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida
1980 establishments in Florida
Otto, the Merry (; 23 July 1301 – 17 February 1339), a member of the House of Habsburg, was Duke of Austria and Styria from 1330, as well as Duke of Carinthia from 1335 until his death. He ruled jointly with his elder brother Duke Albert II.
Biography
Otto was born in the Austrian capital Vienna, the youngest son of King Albert I of Germany and Elizabeth of Carinthia, a member of the House of Gorizia-Tyrol (Meinhardiner). His elder brothers were Rudolf III, who became King of Bohemia in 1306, Frederick the Fair, elected King of the Romans in opposition to Louis the Bavarian in 1314, the Austrian dukes Leopold I and Albert II as well as Henry the Friendly.
After the murder of King Albert I in 1308, the Habsburgs lost out in the struggle around the German throne, when Frederick the Fair was defeated by his Wittelsbach rival Louis in the 1322 Battle of Mühldorf. In the course of a rapprochement of both dynasties, Otto married Elizabeth of Wittelsbach, a daughter of Duke Stephen I of Bavaria. In 1327 he founded Neuberg Abbey in Styria, on the occasion of the birth of his first son Frederick II, and the Chapel of Saint George in the Augustinian Church in Vienna. When his wife Elizabeth died in 1330, she was buried at the Neuberg Abbey church.
From 1329 onwards, Otto administrated the original Habsburg possessions in Swabia (Further Austria). In 1330, he and his brother Albert II were enfeoffed with the Austrian duchy. Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor since 1328, also vested Otto with the title of an Imperial vicar. In February he developed close ties with the mighty House of Luxembourg by secondly marrying Anna of Bohemia, daughter of King John the blind and sister of future emperor Charles IV, in the Moravian royal city of Znojmo.
Two months later, Otto's maternal uncle, the Meinhardiner duke Henry of Carinthia died without male heirs, whereupon Emperor Louis IV on 2 May 1335 ceded the Duchy of Carinthia, the adjacent March of Carniola and the southern part of the Tyrol to Otto and Albrecht as Imperial fiefs in Linz. Otto was enthroned as duke in accordance with the archaic Carantanian rite on the Zollfeld plain, and, from that time onwards, took care of Carinthia rather than of the Austrian duchy. In 1337 he founded the knightly order Societas Templois for the crusade against the pagan Prussian and Lithuanian tribes. His nickname the Merry refers to the festive life at his court.
Otto died at Neuberg Abbey at the age of 37. His sons and titular successors Frederick II and Leopold II died shortly afterwards in 1344 (presumably poisoned), and the line became extinct.
Marriages and children
On 15 May 1325, Otto married his first wife Elizabeth of Bavaria. She was a daughter of Stephen I, Duke of Bavaria and Jutta of Schweidnitz. They had two children:
Frederick II (10 February 1327 – 11 December 1344)
Leopold II, Duke of Austria (1328 – 10 August 1344)
Elizabeth of Bavaria died on 25 March 1330. Otto remained a widower for almost five years. On 16 February 1335, Otto married his second wife Anna of Luxembourg, daughter of King John of Bohemia and his first wife Elizabeth, a member of the Přemyslid dynasty. They would have no children. Anna died on 3 September 1338.
Otto had four illegitimate sons who appear in genealogies. The identities of their mother or mothers and their later fates are unknown:
Otto
Leopold
Johann
Leopold.
Ancestry
|-
External links
Otto the Merry
Otto the Merry
14th-century dukes of Austria
Otto the Merry
Otto the Merry
People of the Northern Crusades
"Girl Code" is a song by American television personality Luann de Lesseps, under the stage name and former courtesy title of Countess Luann. It was released on July 3, 2015, through Eloli Music, as a standalone single. Jerry "Wonda" Duplessis produced the song and co-wrote it with de Lesseps, Arden Altino, Angela Ann Hunte, Tzvetin T. Todorov, and Urales Vargas. Despite having no plans to release new music, de Lesseps was inspired by her fellow The Real Housewives of New York City cast members and convinced by the series' producer Andy Cohen to release a third single.
"Girl Code" is a funk-influenced dance song that features backing vocals from de Lesseps' daughter, Victoria. She premiered the song during an episode of Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, and its lyrics partially reference an argument between de Lesseps and American author Carole Radziwill that occurred while vacationing in the Turks and Caicos Islands. It received mixed reviews from music critics, with E! Online referring to it as a guilty pleasure song.
Background and release
According to Luann de Lesseps, she did not have any plans to release additional music in her career. In 2010, she was signed to Ultra Music, and collaborated with New York City-based musician Chris Young as her producer and co-songwriter. Together, they released "Money Can't Buy You Class" in 2010, and "Chic C'est la Vie" in 2011. Her appearances on The Real Housewives of New York City proved to be a source of inspiration for developing her third single, "Girl Code"; she said in an interview: "I got really inspired... I'm thrilled with it because the song is really different from what I've done before." The series' producer Andy Cohen also helped convince de Lesseps to release a new song. "Girl Code" was written by de Lesseps, Jerry "Wonda" Duplessis, Arden Altino, Angela Ann Hunte, Tzvetin T. Todorov, and Urales Vargas, while production was handled by Duplessis.
de Lesseps premiered "Girl Code" as a live performance on the American late-night talk show Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen. The episode, which was broadcast on June 23, 2015, featured both de Lesseps and Real Housewives co-star Sonja Morgan; During the appearance, de Lesseps answered a fan's phone-in question regarding the song's subject matter and title: "I think every woman can understand what that means. When you break the girl code, when you cross the line, and you just do something that is – you know – unforgivable unless someone apologizes." The song was released on July 3, 2015, when it was distributed for digital download and streaming through Eloli Music. Some publications have referred to the song by the alternative title "Girl Code (Don't Be So Uncool)". A music video for the song was filmed during the last week of June 2015.
Music and lyrics
"Girl Code" is a funk-influenced dance song. de Lesseps' daughter, Victoria, provides backing vocals. Dave Quinn and Jessica Fecteau, writers from People, both noted the song's girl power theme, with the former calling it funky.
Lyrically, "Girl Code" refers to a moment in de Lesseps' life where she felt betrayed by her friends. While vacationing with the Real Housewives cast in the Turks and Caicos Islands, she took issue with some members, specifically author Carole Radziwill, for entering a relationship with the former boyfriend of de Lesseps' niece. Specifying, de Lesseps revealed to E! Online that "Girl Code" is not entirely about just one incident, but rather "how friends have to look out for each other" and what happens when they do not. One of the lyrics references a catchphrase de Lesseps coined during the trip ("Don't be all, like, uncool"). In the chorus, "I'm just doing me / You broke the girl code / So don't be so uncool / I gotta let you go", Ben Rimalower from Vulture felt she expresses her want of "support and company" from her friendships.
Critical reception
Chris Harnick from E! Online referred to "Girl Code" as a guilty pleasure song. Bustles Kristie Rohwedder ranked de Lesseps' three singles, and provided the lowest score to "Girl Code"; however, she enjoyed its lyrics, danceability, and catchiness. Lynsey Eidell of Glamour encouraged her readers to listen to the song "if only for a chuckle".
Retrospectively, Sadie Gennis from TV Guide Magazine listed "Girl Code" as the tenth best Real Housewives song in a 2017 article. She called the song nonsense and said Victoria de Lesseps' feature was the best part of the song. In a similar 2019 list by People, Quinn listed it as the franchise's 18th best song, and labeled it as "a banger".
Track listing
Release history
Notes
References
External links
2015 singles
2015 songs
Countess Luann songs
The Real Housewives
Song recordings produced by Jerry Duplessis
Songs written by Arden Altino
Songs written by DJ Buddha
Drăgănești de Vede is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Drăgănești de Vede, Măgura cu Liliac and Văcărești.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
This article describes the group stage of the 2015–16 LEN Champions League.
Format
12 teams were drawn into two groups of six teams, where they play each other twice. The top fthree teams will advance to the final six.
Groups
The matchdays are 28 October, 11 November, 28 November, 16 December 2015 and 3 February, 10 February, 12 March, 16 April, 30 April and 18 May 2016.
Group A
Group B
External links
Official website
2015–16 LEN Champions League
USS Enterprise may refer to the following ships and other vessels:
United States Navy
Ships
List of ships of the United States Navy named Enterprise
, a Continental Navy sloop captured from the British, burned to prevent recapture in 1777
, a schooner that fired the first shots in the First Barbary War
, a schooner, stationed primarily in South America to patrol and protect commerce
, a steam-powered sloop-of-war used for surveying, patrolling, and training until 1909
, a motorboat (1917–1919) used in World War I as a non-commissioned section patrol craft
, an aircraft carrier (1938–1947), the most decorated U.S. ship of World War II
, the world's first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier (1961–2017)
, a Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carrier, under construction and scheduled to enter service by 2028
Training facility
, a building and ship simulator at the U.S. Navy training command in Great Lakes, Illinois
Other American ships
, a Continental Navy schooner, formerly a privateer, used in Chesapeake Bay as a convoy and patrol ship until 1777
, a commercial steamboat that delivered supplies and troops during the Battle of New Orleans
, a merchant vessel in the coastwise slave trade in the early 19th century
, a J-class yacht that won the 1930 America's Cup
, an American cargo ship (1944–1952)
(2003–2008), former name of TS Kennedy, a training ship at the Massachusetts Maritime Academy
American aircraft and spacecraft
, a balloon used by the Union Army during the American Civil War
(OV-101), the first orbiter built for NASA's Space Shuttle system
, a NASA conceptual design for an interstellar ship,
(2009–2014), a Virgin Galactic commercial spaceplane that broke apart during a test flight
Star Trek fictional spacecraft
, a list, timeline and brief description of starships in the fictional history of Star Trek
, the principal setting of Star Trek: Enterprise
, the principal setting of the original Star Trek television series and the first three-Star Trek feature films
, the closing setting of the fourth Star Trek feature film and the principal setting of the fifth and sixth Star Trek feature films
, the opening setting of the seventh Star Trek feature film
, a starship in "Yesterday's Enterprise", an episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation
, the principal setting of Star Trek: The Next Generation and the seventh Star Trek feature film
, the principal setting of the eighth, ninth, and tenth Star Trek feature films
, a non-player flagship in the game Star Trek Online (non-canon)
, a starship referenced in "Azati Prime", an episode of Star Trek: Enterprise
, a starship replica of NCC-1701, designated a museum ship, in the video mini-series Star Trek: Of Gods and Men (non-canon)
See also
Enterprise (disambiguation)
, a list of ships of the British Royal Navy
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Lakatnik Point, Smith Island
Laki Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Lale Buttress, Davis Coast
Lamantin Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Lambreva Beach, Nelson Island
Lambuh Knoll, Trinity Peninsula
Lamya Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Landreth Glacier, Smith Island
Lapa Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Lapteva Island, Anvers Island
Lardeya Ice Piedmont, Sentinel Range
Lardigo Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Laskar Point, Graham Coast
Latinka Cove, Danco Coast
Lavrenov Point, Robert Island
Lazuren Bryag Cove, South Orkney Islands
Lebed Point, Clarence Island
Ledenika Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Leeve Island, Robert Island
Lepitsa Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Leppe Island, Biscoe Islands
Leshko Point, Liège Island
Lesicheri Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Lesidren Island, Zed Islands
Leslie Gap, Livingston Island
Lesnovo Hill, Alexander Island
Lesura Cove, Two Hummock Island
Letnitsa Glacier, Smith Island
Levenov Point, Brabant Island
Levski Peak, Livingston Island
Levski Ridge, Livingston Island
Limets Peninsula, Low Island
Limoza Island, D'Urville Island
Linevo Cove, Smith Island
Linus Beach, Snow Island
Linzipar Lake, Livingston Island
Lipen Glacier, Anvers Island
Lisiya Ridge, Graham Coast
Liverpool Beach, Livingston Island
Mount Llana, Clarence Island
Lobosh Buttress, Trinity Peninsula
Lom Peak, Livingston Island
Lopyan Crag, Trinity Peninsula
Lorna Cove, Trinity Island
Lovech Heights, Nordenskjöld Coast
Lozen Nunatak, Livingston Island
Lozen Saddle, Livingston Island
Ludogorie Peak, Livingston Island
Lukovit Point, Livingston Island
Lukovo Point, Livingston Island
Luna Island, Biscoe Islands
Lyaskovets Peak, Livingston Island
Lyubimets Nunatak, Alexander Island
Lyulin Peak, Livingston Island
Lyutibrod Rocks, Low Island
Lyutitsa Nunatak, Greenwich Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Aaron Michael Heilman (born November 12, 1978) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. Heilman was drafted by the New York Mets out of Notre Dame in 2001. He came up through the Mets system as a starting pitcher, but was converted to a relief pitcher in 2005.
High school years
Heilman was born in Logansport, Indiana and attended Logansport High School, where he was a letterman in baseball. As a senior, he was a team M.V.P. and an All-State selection. Heilman graduated from Logansport High School in 1997.
College career
After a successful college career at the University of Notre Dame, he was selected by the New York Mets in the first round of the 2001 amateur draft with the 18th overall pick. Heilman was a management information systems and philosophy major in the Mendoza College of Business at the University of Notre Dame.
He was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 55th round of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft and by the Minnesota Twins in the first round (31st overall) of the 2000 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign either for either team.
Major League Baseball career
New York Mets
Heilman was selected by the Mets in the first round (18th overall) of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft. He signed and made his professional debut that year with the Class-A Advanced St. Lucie Mets. He pitched for the Double-A Binghamton Mets and Triple-A Norfolk Tides in 2002, and began the 2003 season with the Tides.
Heilman made his major league debut at Shea Stadium on June 26, 2003 in a 6-1 loss to the Florida Marlins. He posted an earned run average of 5.93 as a starter for 2003, 2004 and the beginning of 2005. Heilman's finest game came as a starter on April 15, 2005, when he made a start in place of the injured Kris Benson and pitched a one-hit complete game shutout. However, he was converted to a relief pitcher for the rest of 2005 and excelled with an ERA of only 2.18. In the second half of the 2005 season, he held a 0.68 ERA, leading the league.
In Game 7 of the 2006 National League Championship Series, Heilman surrendered a tie-breaking, two-run home run in the top of the ninth inning to Yadier Molina of the St. Louis Cardinals, putting St. Louis ahead 3-1. St. Louis would hold on to the lead to win the National League pennant, while Heilman suffered the loss for the Mets.
Seattle Mariners
After a dismal 2008 season, Heilman was traded to the Seattle Mariners in a three team trade for J. J. Putz.
Chicago Cubs
On January 28, 2009, the Mariners traded him to the Chicago Cubs for Ronny Cedeño and Garrett Olson.
Arizona Diamondbacks
On November 19, 2009 Heilman was acquired by the Diamondbacks, in return for Scott Maine and Ryne White. He elected free agency on November 7, 2010.
He re-signed with them on January 18, 2011. He was expected to compete for a spot in the starting rotation. He was released on July 19, 2011.
Philadelphia Phillies
The Phillies signed a minor league contract with Heilman on July 22, 2011. He was assigned to the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs.
He was released on August 20, 2011.
Pittsburgh Pirates
Heilman signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates on August 21, 2011, and was assigned to the Triple-A Indianapolis Indians. He elected free agency on November 2, 2011.
Seattle Mariners
Heilman signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners on January 10, 2012, with an invite to Spring Training. He was released on April 1.
Texas Rangers
Heilman signed a minor league deal with the Texas Rangers on April 4, 2012 and was assigned to the Triple-A Round Rock Express. He elected free agency on November 2, 2012.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
New York Mets players
Chicago Cubs players
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Baseball players from Indiana
Major League Baseball pitchers
Notre Dame Fighting Irish baseball players
People from Logansport, Indiana
St. Lucie Mets players
Norfolk Tides players
Binghamton Mets players
Lehigh Valley IronPigs players
Indianapolis Indians players
Round Rock Express players
All-American college baseball players
Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks players
A total lunar eclipse took place between 27 and 28 September 2015. It was seen on Sunday evening, 27 September, in the Americas; while in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, it was seen in the early hours of Monday morning, 28 September. It was the latter of two total lunar eclipses in 2015, and the final in a tetrad (four total lunar eclipses in series). Other eclipses in the tetrad are those of 15 April 2014, 8 October 2014, and 4 April 2015.
The Moon appeared larger than normal, because the Moon was just 1 hour past its closest approach to Earth in 2015 at mid-eclipse, sometimes called a supermoon. The Moon's apparent diameter was larger than 34' viewed straight overhead, just off the coast of northeast Brazil.
The total lunar eclipse was darker than expected, possibly due to ash left behind from eruptions of the Calbuco volcano in April 2015.
Background
A lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes within Earth's umbra (shadow). As the eclipse begins, Earth's shadow first darkens the Moon slightly. Then, the shadow begins to "cover" part of the Moon, turning it a dark red-brown color (typically – the color can vary based on atmospheric conditions). The Moon appears to be reddish because of Rayleigh scattering (the same effect that causes sunsets to appear reddish) and the refraction of that light by Earth's atmosphere into its umbra.
The following simulation shows the approximate appearance of the Moon passing through Earth's shadow. The Moon's brightness is exaggerated within the umbral shadow. The northern portion of the Moon was closest to the center of the shadow, making it darkest, and most red in appearance.
Visibility
The eclipse was visible over Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and America.
Timing
† The Moon was not visible during this part of the eclipse in this time zone.
* The penumbral phase of the eclipse changes the appearance of the Moon only slightly and is generally not noticeable.
Gallery
Supermoon
This eclipsed moon appeared 12.9% larger in diameter than the April 2015 lunar eclipse, measured as 29.66' and 33.47' in diameter from earth's center, as compared in these simulated images.
A supermoon is the coincidence of a full moon or a new moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit, resulting in the largest apparent size of the lunar disk as seen from Earth. This was the last supermoon lunar eclipse until 31 January 2018.
Related eclipses
Eclipses of 2015
A total solar eclipse on 20 March.
A total lunar eclipse on 4 April.
A partial solar eclipse on 13 September.
A total lunar eclipse on 28 September.
The eclipse was one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the descending node of the Moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations, or 354 days (shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.
Saros series
It is part of Saros series 137.
Half-Saros cycle
A lunar eclipse will be preceded and followed by solar eclipses by 9 years and 5.5 days (a half saros). This lunar eclipse is related to two annular solar eclipses of solar saros 144.
See also
List of lunar eclipses and List of 21st-century lunar eclipses
References
External links
Hermit eclipse: 2015-09-28
2015-09
2015 in science
Articles containing video clips
September 2015 events
Mühlhausen is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Yoram Keyes Bauman (born November 19, 1973) is an American economist and stand-up comedian.
History
Bauman grew up in San Francisco. He received an undergraduate degree in mathematics at Reed College in Portland, Oregon. In 2003, Bauman attended graduate school at the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington, where he obtained a Ph.D. in Economics.
Bauman is an environmental economist. He works as a professor at the University of Washington, in the Program on the Environment, Bainbridge Graduate School, and Lakeside School. He is the co-author of the 1998 book Tax Shift which advocates switching taxation from income and property to resource consumption.
Bauman bills himself as the "world's first and only stand-up economist." His video Principles of Economics, translated has more than 1 million views on YouTube.
Political activism
Bauman is a strong supporter of a carbon tax, in particular, a revenue-neutral carbon tax. He started an organization called CarbonWA which gathered signatures to put a revenue-neutral carbon tax on the ballot for the Washington elections, 2016. This initiative, known as Washington Initiative 732, would have imposed a steadily increasing tax on emissions of carbon dioxide, and used the revenue to offset other taxes. Washington relies on a sales tax for much of its revenue, making its state tax code one of the most regressive tax codes in the nation. Had it passed, its supporters asserted that it would have decreased the sales tax, eliminated the business and occupation tax on manufacturing, and expanded the state's earned-income tax credit for low-income households.
Selected publications
The Cartoon Introduction to Economics, Volume 1: Microeconomics (with Grady Klein)
The Cartoon Introduction to Economics, Volume 2: Macroeconomics (with Grady Klein)
Stand-Up Economics: The Micro Textbook
Tax Shift (with Alan Durning)
The Cartoon Introduction to Climate Change (with Grady Klein)
The Cartoon Introduction to Calculus (with Grady Klein)
References
External links
Yoram Bauman's website
1973 births
Living people
Economists from California
Environmental economists
American male comedians
Reed College alumni
University of Washington College of Arts and Sciences alumni
People from San Francisco
Comedians from California
21st-century American economists
21st-century American comedians
GSAT-11 is an Indian geostationary communications satellite. The 5854 kg satellite is based on the new I-6K Bus and carry 40 transponders in the Ku-band and Ka-band frequencies (32 Ka × Ku-Band Forward Link Transponders and 8 Ku × Ka band Return Link Transponders), which are capable of providing up to 16 Gbit/s throughput. GSAT-11 is India's heaviest satellite.
Launch
Initially the satellite was planned to be launched in May 2018, but was delayed after ISRO recalled it back to India from the launch site in French Guiana for additional checks weeks after ISRO lost communication to another communication satellite, the GSAT-6A, soon after its launch in March 2018.
After the satellite was found fit for the launch, the new launch date had been set to 4 December 2018. GSAT 11 was launched successfully from the European Spaceport, French Guiana (Guiana Space Center) on 20:37 UTC, 4 December 2018 along with GEO-KOMPSAT-2A of KARI.
Satellite
GSAT-11 was developed at the cost of Rs. 579 Crores and its launch was procured at cost of Rs. 810.94 Crores. The payload consists of 40 high power Ku, Ka band transponders built at Space Applications Centre in Ahmedabad.
See also
Ariane flight VA246
GSAT
References
External links
Official GSAT-11 page
GSAT satellites
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Spacecraft launched by India in 2018
Ariane commercial payloads
December 2018 events in South America
2018 in French Guiana
The Toolern Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the Toolern Creek in the outer western suburb of Melton in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Connections
North end at
South end at
References
External links
Friends of Toolern Creek
Melton Shire Council - Trail Information
Bike paths in Melbourne
Michael D. Whalley (November 16, 1953 – March 1, 2008) was a Republican member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, he lived in Alton Bay, New Hampshire and represented the Belknap 5th District since 2002, after having served the towns of Bow and Dunbarton since 1992. He served as the House Republican Leader during the 2007–2008 House session until his death on March 1, 2008. Whalley had previously served as Vice Chairman of the Resources, Recreation & Development Committee, Vice Chairman and later Chairman of the Election Law Committee, Majority Whip and Deputy Speaker.
After graduating from the University of New Hampshire in 1975 with a degree in Business Administration, Mike went into business as a motorcycle and powersport vehicle dealer at HK Powersports with his brothers, Steven and Jim. He married his college sweetheart, Purr Gow, in 1977 and had twins, John and Caitlin, in 1981. In October 2007, he was diagnosed with a glioblastoma. He died at Concord Hospital from complications of injuries caused by an accidental slip on the ice outside his home.
References
External links
The New Hampshire House of Representatives - Michael Whalley official NH government website
Project Vote Smart - Representative Michael Whalley (NH) profile
Follow the Money - Michael Whalley
2006 2004 2002 2000 1998 campaign contributions
Mike Whalley Memorial NHPR, Dan Gorenstein
1964 births
2008 deaths
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
People from Alton, New Hampshire
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Yablanitsa Glacier, Smith Island
Yagodina Knoll, Trinity Peninsula
Yakoruda Glacier, Greenwich Island
Yambol Peak, Livingston Island
Yamen Glacier, Sentinel Range
Yamforina Cove, Oscar II Coast
Yana Point, Livingston Island
Yankov Gap, Livingston Island
Yantra Cove, Livingston Island
Yarebitsa Cove, Smith Island
Yarlovo Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Yasen Point, Livingston Island
Yastreb Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Yato Rocks, Wilhelm Archipelago
Yatrus Promontory, Trinity Peninsula
Yavorov Peak, Livingston Island
Yoglav Crag, Trinity Peninsula
Yordanov Nunatak, Oscar II Coast
Yordanov Island, South Orkney Islands
Yovkov Point, Greenwich Island
Yozola Glacier, Alexander Island
Yunak Peak, Brabant Island
Yundola Cove, Robert Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Jacques Vergnes (born 21 July 1948) is a French former professional footballer who played as a striker. He made one appearance for the France national team in 1971, scoring in that one match.
External links
Stats
1948 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hérault
Association football forwards
French footballers
France international footballers
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Red Star F.C. players
Nîmes Olympique players
SC Bastia players
Stade de Reims players
Stade Lavallois players
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
Montpellier HSC players
Footballers from Occitania (administrative region)
The 30th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1890 New Brunswick general election, the 30th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 30th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 10th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1982 New Brunswick general election, the 50th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 50th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 50th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Peter Seidel (December 2, 1926, Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American architect-planner turned writer.
Life
Seidel moved from Ann Arbor, Michigan to Ohio to plan a new town outside of Cincinnati, Ohio. His plans for the new town never came to fruition, but he instead built an eco-community in Clermont County on 188 acres of land. Seidel's goal for this was a place where residents could get a feel of nature.
Seidel lives in Northside, Cincinnati.
Works
Projects
1964, "Central–Linear City: An environmentally and sociologically sound alternative to urban sprawl". Virginia Polytechnic Institute, Virginia Engineering Extension Series Circular No. 2.
1968, "A Proposal for Urban Development, a further development of Central-Linear City done at the University of Michigan".
1968, "Peter Seidel's Model City". one hour documentary, University of Michigan Television.
1971, Winter. "New Cities of Man: a Proposal". Illinois Institute of Technology, Technology and Human Affairs, pp. 19–22,
1972, "'Idustructure', a Vertical Industrial Park Designed for Use in the Central City". Inland Architect, August–September 1972, pp.22-23.
1972, "One Man's, Dream". The Cincinnati Enquirer, July 30, 1972, pp. 14 – 20. About an unrealized eco-community.
1974, "Proposal for an Integrated Energy System for Buildings, Utilizing Solar Energy". The Eco-Tech Foundation, Inc.
1979, "Six Units on 7, 600 sq. ft." Housing, February, 1979, pp. 60–63. An example of energy conserving, high density, urban infill housing.
1981, "Stacked Condos at 27 Units per Acre". Housing, December, 1981, pp. 38–39. An example of energy conserving, high density, urban infill housing.
1989-90, "Invisible Walls". Preproduction funding for one-hour television documentary. Production funding not obtained.
Books
1998, Invisible Walls: Why We Ignore the Damage We Inflict on the Planet ... and Ourselves. Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books.
2006, Global Survival: The Challenge and its Implications For Thinking and Acting. edited with Ervin Laszlo. New York: Select Books.
2009, 2045: a Story of our Future. Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books.
2020, Uncommon Sense: Shortcomings of the Human Mind for Handling Big-Picture, Long-Term Challenges. Arlington: Steady State Press.
Articles
1982, "Developing Increased Density Condominiums". Commercial Investment Journal, vol. 1 (Summer 1982): 34-37.
1985, "Mies today: Thoughts of a Former Student". Inland Architect, March/April 1985, p. 45.
1994, "Cities and the Real World". World Futures, vol. 39, No. 4, 1994, pp. 183–195.
1998, "The Cost of Wealthy Modern Cities". Indian Journal of Applied Economics, July–September, 1998, pp. 291–301.
2009, September, "Is it Inevitable that Evolution Self Destruct?" Futures, vol.41, no. 10 (December, 2009): 754–75.
References
1926 births
Living people
Architects from Milwaukee
University of Michigan faculty
The Pink Palace, also known as the Mrs. Marshall Field House and the Inter-American Defense Board, is a historic house located in the Adams Morgan neighborhood in Washington, D.C. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1991. George Oakley Totten Jr. was the architect for the structure that was completed in 1906. Additions were made to the house in 1912 and 1988.
References
Houses completed in 1906
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Adams Morgan
1906 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Jomon Kuriakose, also known as Chef Jomon, is the Executive Chef at LaLiT London, England making him one of the youngest executive chefs in London. He was previously the Chef de Cusine at LaLiT London. senior Chef de Partie and then Sous-chef under Vivek Singh (chef) at the Cinnamon Collections in London. He has also participated in MasterChef (British TV series) 2018 where he trained Spencer Matthews and Frankie Bridge.
He was a competitor on the National Chef of the Year, 2021 and also writes regularly for Malayala Manorama Online.
Early life and education
Born and raised in Mavelikkara, Kerala, India, Jomon completed a Bachelor's Degree in Hotel Management from Sarosh Institute of Hotel Administration under Mangalore University. After graduation, Jomon joined Speciality Restaurant Pvt Ltd and later in 2008, he moved to London and took up the role of Chef de Partie. Bombay Palace, where he specialised in authentic Indian cuisine and developed his skills in fine Anglo-Indian dining. He joined Baluchi at the Lalit London as Chef de Cuisine in 2017.
Awards and Recognition
He was recognised as a culinary hero (2021) by the Craft Guild of Chefs
100 most influential Malayalis in the UK
The news person of the year 2019, British Malayali
References
Further reading
Podcast https://music.amazon.com/podcasts/b7439a05-c050-491c-8a7f-23afe2373007/episodes/8a46f101-bb60-4919-a73e-56e2ce5e125d/aanakaryam-chenakaryam-in-conversation-with-chef-jomon
External links
Living people
Indian television chefs
Businesspeople from Kerala
Year of birth missing (living people)
Harmeet Singh Kalka (born 23 August 1968) is an Indian politician and was a member of the Shiromani Akali Dal. Kalka was a member of the Delhi Legislative Assembly from the Kalkaji constituency of the South Delhi.
He is currently serving as President of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee.
References
People from New Delhi
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Delhi
Members of the Delhi Legislative Assembly
Living people
21st-century Indian politicians
1968 births
The Soleau envelope (), named after its French inventor, , is a sealed envelope serving as proof of priority for inventions valid in France, exclusively to precisely ascertain the date of an invention, idea or creation of a work. It can be applied for at the French National Institute of Industrial Property (). The working principles were defined in the ruling of May 9, 1986, published in the official gazette of June 6, 1986 (Journal officiel de la République française or JORF), although the institution of the Soleau envelope dates back to 1915.
The envelope has two compartments which must each contain the identical version of the element for which registration is sought. The INPI laser-marks some parts of the envelope for the sake of delivery date authentication and sends one of the compartments back to the original depositary who submitted the envelope.
The originator must keep their part of the envelope sealed except in case of litigation. The deposit can be made at the INPI, by airmail, or at the INPI's regional subsidiaries. The envelope is kept for a period of five years, and the term can be renewed once.
The envelope may not contain any hard element such as cardboard, rubber, computer disks, leather, staples, or pins. Each compartment can only contain up to seven A4-size paper sheets, with a maximum of thickness. If the envelope is deemed inadmissible, it is sent back to the depositary at their own expense.
Unlike a patent or utility model, the depositor has no exclusivity right over the claimed element. The Soleau envelope, as compared to a later patent, only allows use of the technique, rather than ownership, and multiple people might submit envelopes to support separate similar use, before a patent is later granted to restrict application.
See also
Poor man's copyright
Reference list
External links
The envelope Soleau on the French IP institute website
Envelopes
French intellectual property law
Belyayevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2002.
Geography
Belyayevskaya is located 12 km south of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Konets is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Karl Otto Götz (22 February 1914 – 19 August 2017) often simply called K.O. Götz, was a German artist, filmmaker, draughtsman, printmaker, writer and professor of art at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf. He was one of the oldest living and active artists older than 100 years of age and is best remembered for his explosive and complex abstract forms. His powerful, surrealist-inspired works earned him international recognition in exhibitions like documenta II in 1959. Götz never confined himself to one specific style or artistic field. He also explored generated abstract forms through television art. Götz is one of the most important members of the German Art Informel movement. His works and teachings influenced future artists such as Sigmar Polke, Nam June Paik and Gerhard Richter. He lived in Wolfenacker from 1975 until his death.
Personal life
Born in Aachen, Germany, Götz began painting in secondary school in 1924. In 1930 he began painting abstracts. He attended the School of Applied Arts from 1932 to 1933. His early paintings were characterized by the modernist/avant-garde movements, surrealism and expressionism. Gӧtz was specifically influenced by artists such as Max Ernst, Juan Gris, Wassily Kandinsky and Paul Klee. After the takeover of Germany by the Nazi Party, painting became difficult for Gӧtz. He was banned from painting and exhibiting due to the national disapproval of abstract and surrealist art. However, he was able to make a living by creating and selling landscape paintings.
Götz was drafted into the Wehrmacht Air Force and served his mandatory military service from 1936 to 1938. In World War II he became a signal officer in German-occupied Norway. Götz was able to continue to experiment with various media such as spray paint, photograms (created without the use of a camera by placing objects on photographic paper exposed then exposing it to light), and abstract cine-films. He moved to Dresden, Saxony and concentrated on abstract painting, combining geometric and organic elements. His early paintings were destroyed in the Bombing of Dresden in 1945. Gӧtz returned from Norway after the end of the war and married artist Anneliese Brauckmeyer (née Hager). Their marriage ended in 1965 and Götz remarried, to German artist Rissa, also known as Karin Martin.
Career
Experimentation with Television Art
Television art can be defined as art made for or with broadcast television. Because of the medium's electronic makeup, poor resolution, small scale images and various viewing conditions, television art began less related to avant-garde film and more closely related to abstract art. This medium was primarily worked with artists who focused on non-figurative representations in other media.
During the war, Gӧtz worked with many ground-based radars. He began to manipulate these radars electronically in order to create moving abstract forms. His goal of creating the large rastered pictures was to create ‘electron paintings' imitating the form animated television pictures. Gӧtz's work and theoretical ideas influenced artist like Nam June Paik, a Korean American artist who is considered the founder of video art. It is said that these experiments have led to Gӧtz making the decision to only create abstract works.
Early career
Götz's early post-War work included extensive experimentation with techniques and imagery in prints and drawings that included drawings made using an airpump. He produced woodcuts and watercolours that featured fantastical plant forms and creatures, among them a series of monotype prints of bird-humans. During the late 1940s he continued to producing abstract-figurative monotypes and surrealistic experimental photo works, but his painting became predominantly abstract.
In 1946 he began experimenting with solarization, a process similar to photograms. Gӧtz had his first one-man show in 1947. Two years later in 1949, Gӧtz completely moved away from figurative art altogether. That same year he became the first German to join the European avant-garde movement COBRA. COBRA was an avant-garde movement based in Europe and was active from 1948-51. This group, though together very briefly, put together a series of publications and exhibitions. The work of the COBRA group contributed to the emergence of Art Informel in the period after 1950 as a “universal language” for European artists involved in the development of European abstract expressionism and Tachisme.
In 1952, Gӧtz co-founded the Frankfurt QUADRIGA along with Otto Gries, Heinz Kreutz, and Bernard Schultze. The members in QUADRIGA were pioneers of Art Informel in Germany. These were a group of artists painting in a Tachist style influenced by Wols and Automatism. During the group's brief existence, before the divergence of its loosely associated members' artistic development led to its dissolution in 1954, Quadriga played an important pioneer role in introducing Art informel to Germany From then on, he became a leading figure in the German Art Informal and was showcased in major shows such as the Venice Biennale of 1958 and Documenta II exhibition in Kassel in 1959. That year, he was appointed professor of art at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf.
As Götz moved away from clearly defined forms, his approach to painting became more dynamic. In a technique Götz has continued to use throughout his later painting career, the image is developed through a lengthy, intense process, often involving a large number of preliminary sketches and gouaches. Once the preparation is complete, the artist applies dark paint onto a light background with a paintbrush, working in a fast and focused way. The paint is then “raked” - partially removed using a type of spatula known as a “rake” - before the contrast between the light and dark areas of the still-moist surface is softened using a dry paintbrush.
Later career
Starting in 1971, Götz began conducting experiments at the Düsseldorf Academy on visual perception and personality. His research is recognized by international psychologists. From 1995 to 2001, Götz began to create ceramic pieces. Some of these ceramic works, such as his plates and vases, are decorated with his unique gestural and bold brushstrokes. In other instances, these brushstrokes take on three dimensional forms. Several of his low relief sculptures reflect the same fluid and dynamic movement that can be found in his unique painting technique.
Götz's contemporary work (2010) features deeply colored abstract collages and hand-painted pieces based on a computer-generated random pixelation process. In 1997 the KO Götz and Rissa Foundation was founded. Its purpose is to promote art and culture by making the works of KO Götz and Rissa's work more available to the public. This will be accomplished by presentations of the works by both artists in museums and other art associations. Götz turned 100 in February 2014. He died on 19 August 2017 at the age of 103.
Influence
Apart from his artistic work, Götz was also successful as a teacher of art. From 1959-79, during his time as a professor at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, a large number of later famous artists were his students. For instance, in 1959, Götz's first students were Gotthard Graubner, HA Schult and Kuno Gonschior. From 1961 on, Gerhard Richter and Sigmar Polke also studied under Götz. Furthermore, Rissa (Götz's later wife), and Franz Erhard Walther were among his students.
Recent Exhibitions
Berlin, Neue Nationalgalerie, "KO Götz, A Retrospective on the 100th Birthday", Traveling exhibition, together with the Küppersmühle, Duisburg, and the Museum Wiesbaden
Duisburg, Küppersmühle, "KO Götz, A Retrospective on the 100th Birthday", traveling exhibition, together with the Neue Nationalgalerie, Berlin, and the Museum Wiesbaden
Wiesbaden, "KO Götz, A Retrospective on the 100th Birthday", traveling exhibition, together with the Neue Nationalgalerie, Berlin, and the Küppersmühle, Duisburg
Berlin, Art Wolfgang Werner, "Karl Otto Götz: Works 1947-2012", Kronberg im Taunus, gallery Uwe Oppermann, "Karl Otto Götz: Lithographs 1983-2004"
Aachen, Suermondt Ludwig Museum, "Karl Otto Götz, painting and Byways, An exhibition on the 100th Birthday", Wismar, St George's Church, "KO Götz: Lithography"
Munich, gallery Maulberger, "Karl Otto Götz and the Quadriga A legend is 100"
Saarbrücken, gallery Elitzer, KO Götz 100th - Graphics from its own holdings
Chemnitz Art Collections, "KO Götz 100th birthday - Paintings and artwork in its own inventory"
Aachen, Gallery at Elisengarten, "KO Götz - 100th Birthday", Kaiserslautern, Volksbank Kaiserslautern-Nordwestpfalz, "Karl Otto Götz's 100th birthday - works on paper from seven decades"
Aachen, Schürenberg - KUNSTHANDEL, "KO Götz - Retrospective", Düsseldorf, Museum Kunst Palast, "KO Götz 100th birthday pictures from the Foundation collection Kemp"
Koblenz, Rhine Gorge Museum, "KO Götz - Special Presentation at his 100th birthday"
Hilden, Cultural Affairs Art Space Business Park South, "100 Years of Karl Otto Götz - the graphic work"
Dresden, Gallery ART EXHIBITION IN A COOL, "KO Götz's 100th birthday, surreal working group of the '40s"
Solingen, construction sites gallery, "KO Götz and his friends" (with Müller-Kraus, Master Man, Dahmen)
Königswinter, Siebengebirgsmuseum, "KO Götz - Retrospective .. at 100 - works from the Hennemann collection"
Beaulieu/France, Association culturelle ABBAY DE BEAULIEU - Centre d'Art, "traits ... très noirs - Homage to Karl Otto Götz"
Ehingen/Donau, castle Mochental, Galerie Ewald Karl Schrade, Karlsruhe/Mochental, together with Bernard Schultze, "Karl Otto Götz. Bernard Schultze - Works on Paper 1949-2003", King Winter, studio monkey, "Karl Otto Götz". Lithographs, Frankfurt, THE GALLERY, "Karl Otto Götz", Sindelfingen, City Gallery of Sindelfingen, "KO Götz - painters, poets and scientists"
Kleve, Museum Kurhaus Kleve, Götz room on the occasion of the 100th birthday of Koblenz, Galerie Eva Tent
See also
List of German painters
References
External links
Official website
Hans-Joachim Müller, "K. O. Götz – Energie ist gleich Autonomie", Welt, December 12, 2013.
Ingeborg Wiensowski, "Karl-Otto-Götz-Ausstellungen:100 Jahre alt, jetzt auch richtig teuer", Der Spiegel, February 18, 2014.
...Also für mich war Abstrakt ist schöner ein Programm... Antworten von Karl Otto Götz auf Fragen von Carolin Weber (2010)
K. O. Götz & Rissa Ausstellung Villa Wessel 2011 in Iserlohn
Mittelrhein Museum Koblenz: K.O. Götz & Rissa Saal
1914 births
2017 deaths
Luftwaffe personnel of World War II
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
21st-century German painters
21st-century German male artists
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
German watercolourists
Kunstakademie Düsseldorf faculty
German centenarians
Men centenarians
Khaooohs is the second album by band Pan.Thy.Monium. It was released in 1993.
Track listing
"I Månens Sken Dog En Skugga" – 1:50
"Under Ytan" – 3:56
"Jag & Vem" – 5:54
"Lava" – 7:37
"Lömska Försåt" - 6:55
"I Vindens Våld" - 0:50
"Klieveage" - 2:48
"Ekkhoeece III" - 0:44
"Khaooohs I" - 4:47
"Utsikt" - 8:12
"Khaooohs II" - 0:40
Personnel
Derelict aka Robert "Robban" Karlsson - vocals
Winter aka Benny Larsson - drums, percussion and violin
Day DiSyraah aka Dan Swanö - bass, keyboards and effects
Mourning aka Robert Ivarsson - rhythm guitars
Äag aka Tom Nouga aka Dag Swanö - lead guitars, organ and baritone saxophone
Production
All tracks written by Day DiSyraah, Winter and Mourning
Vocal parts written by Derelict
Lead guitar and saxophone parts written by Aag
Lyrics by Dr. Dark except "Klieveage" & "Ekkhoeece" by Pan-Thy-Monium
"Khaoohs" by Derelict
"I Månens Sken Dog En Skugga" and "I Vindens Våld" written and performed by Day DiSyraah
"Khaoohs II" written and performed by Winter, Day DiSyraah and Derelict
Produced by Pan-Thy-Monium & Raagoonshinnaah
Recorded and mixed in Unisound studio by Day DiSyraah May 1993
"Utsikt" recorded and mixed in Unisound studio by Day DiSyraah January 1993
Drawings and Khaooohs logo by Annah
Cover painting by Fritz Quasthoff
3d painting by Bo Lundstedt
Re-released by Osmose Productions in '01, along with "Dawn of Dreams"
External links
Encyclopaedia Metallum page
1993 albums
Pan.Thy.Monium albums
Swedish-language albums
The Puelo River has its origin in Lake Puelo in Argentine, and flows north-west through
the Andes into Chile and the Reloncaví Estuary of the Reloncaví Sound at the northern end of the Gulf of Ancud.
Course
Just downstream from its source in Puelo Lake, the river enters Inferior Lake. After leaving the lake, the river flows in a generally northwesterly direction, receiving the waters of a chain of lakes, the largest being Azul and Las Rocas. It also receives the waters of Ventisquero and Traidor rivers. A part of the northernmost border of Pumalín Park approximately parallels the course of the Ventisquero River. Traidor River rises in Hornopirén National Park.
A large northern tributary of the Puelo, the Manso, has its sources in Mascardi Lake and other lakes and streams south-east of the Cerro Tronador, also in Argentina, and flows south-west through the Andes to unite with the Puelo a few kilometers west of the 72nd meridian. Puelo river's lower course is impeded in such a manner as to form three small lakes, called Superior, Inferior and the Tagua Tagua Lake.
References
Puelo River
Puelo River
Rivers of Los Lagos Region
Rivers of Chubut Province
International rivers of South America
Berzunți is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Berzunți, Buda and Dragomir.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Renaud Jamoul (born 10 June 1984) is a Belgian rallying co-driver. He partnered with Adrien Fourmaux for M-Sport Ford World Rally Team in the World Rally Championship and World Rally Championship-2 categories in 2019-2021. Mid 2021, he was replaced by Alexandre Coria
Rally career
Jamoul made his WRC debut at the 2006 Rally Catalunya. The current partnership with the French driver Adrien Fourmaux was started in 2019, with both of them are set to drive for M-Sport Ford World Rally Team in the sport's top tier.
Rally results
WRC results
* Season still in progress.
References
External links
Renaud Jamoul's e-wrc profile
1984 births
Living people
Belgian rally co-drivers
World Rally Championship co-drivers
Carenum speciosum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1888.
References
splendens
Beetles described in 1888
Benigno 'Nino' Lema Mejuto (born 12 September 1964) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back, and a coach.
Playing career
Born in Vigo, Pontevedra, Lema played since the age of seven with local giants Celta de Vigo. He made his La Liga debut on 31 August 1985 in a 1–1 away draw against Real Sociedad, and finished his debut season with 27 games and one goal as the Galicians suffered relegation with only 14 points; during his contract, he also played in the lower leagues with Arosa SC and CD Alcoyano, on loan.
Lema left Celta in June 1987 after winning promotion, and played in both the top and second divisions for the remainder of his career, representing RCD Mallorca, CD Tenerife, RCD Español and Rayo Vallecano. Both major levels of Spanish football combined he appeared in 279 matches over the course of 11 seasons, and achieved five promotions to the top level.
Coaching career
After retiring as a player, Lema settled in Alicante and worked with amateur teams in the Valencian Community, his first appointment being with Torrellano CF. During his beginnings, he also worked as a radio commentator in local matches.
In 2007–08, Lema signed for what would be his main club in the following years, CD Dénia, leading it through its first season ever in the third level and helping to a 12th-place finish. Subsequently, he moved to the professionals with Alicante CF (division two), but would only be in charge of the team for five games as one of four managers during the 2008–09 campaign, which ended in relegation.
Returned to Dénia in summer 2009, Lema led the side to the fifth position in the first year in his second spell, just five points shy of the promotion playoffs. At the end of the 2011–12 season he decided to leave after their relegation, even though the permanence was achieved on the pitch.
On 24 October 2012, Lema was appointed at Orihuela CF after the sacking of Sergio Inclán.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Vigo
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
RC Celta de Vigo players
CD Alcoyano footballers
RCD Mallorca players
CD Tenerife players
RCD Espanyol footballers
Rayo Vallecano players
Spanish football managers
Segunda División managers
Segunda División B managers
Alicante CF managers
"This Is an Emergency" is the first single from The Pigeon Detectives second album Emergency. It was first played on 24 March 2008 on BBC Radio 1 and was released on 12 May 2008. The B-sides, "Get the Message" and "Make You Mine", were both recorded in the album sessions with Stephen Street.
Track listing
CD
This Is an Emergency
Get the Message
Make You Mine
Gatefold 7"
This Is an Emergency
Get the Message
Standard 7"
This Is an Emergency
Make You Mine
Use in media
The track appeared briefly on Eastenders on 18 August 2008. It was also used for the video highlights of the 2008 Chinese Grand Prix on the Official Formula One website. It has been played at Villa Park not long before players come out of the tunnel for Aston Villa games. This track was also used for the BBC series, Junior Doctors: Your Life in Their Hands, as the theme song for the first season.
Chart performance
"This Is an Emergency" is to date The Pigeon Detectives' second biggest UK chart hit. It debuted in the UK Singles Chart at #24 on 11 May 2008, via download sales alone. It rose ten places the following week to its peak at #14, just two places behind their biggest UK hit "I'm Not Sorry" released the year before. It is the band's fourth UK Top 20 single, and as of 2021, it remains their last UK Top 40 hit.
Chart positions
2008 singles
2008 songs
The Pigeon Detectives songs
Song recordings produced by Stephen Street
The Unimog 421 is a vehicle of the Mercedes-Benz Unimog series, made by Daimler-Benz. In total, 18,995 units of the Unimog 421 were built from 1966 to 1989 in the Mercedes-Benz Gaggenau plant. It is a medium-sized vehicle bigger than the traditional Unimog 411, but smaller than the Unimog 406. Introduction of new heavy models and Unimog 411 production ceasing in the mid-1970s changed the Unimog 421's role in the Unimog lineup; it became the predecessor of the light Unimog series and thus succeeded the Unimog 411.
Both short and long wheelbase versions, as well as "front half only" OEM part versions, were made. Technically, the Unimog 421 is based on the Unimog 406 and Unimog 411. The plane ladder frame and axles are Unimog 411 parts, and the engines used for the 421-series are also passenger car engines. Cab and gearbox are Unimog 406-related. The 421 closed cab version looks almost exactly like a 406-series cab, but the cabrio version is a bit more narrow and "squat". A 406-series can be differentiated from a 421-series by the position of the air-intake: A 421-series has the air-intake on the right-hand side of the bonnet, and a 406-series on the left-hand side.
In Argentina, a copy of the Unimog 421, the 431-series, was produced under licence. From 1969 to 1971, 601 cabrios and 152 closed cab units of the Unimog 431 were made. Daimler-Benz produced CKD-kits in Gaggenau, which were then shipped to Argentina for manufacture. The 431-series was fitted with a engine, but has the short wheelbase – this combination was not available for the original 421-series.
Engines
The 421-series was made with straight-four precombustion chamber Diesel engines. Prototypes included, four different engines were used, which are all passenger car engines.
Types of the 421-series
In total 20 different types of the 421-series were made, out of which four were made as OEM parts for other manufacturers.
Mercedes-Benz types
Types made for third party manufacturers
Several Unimog 421 types were custom-made as OEM parts for third party manufacturers.
Technical specifications
Gallery
References
External links
Historical Daimler-Benz commercial video on YouTube; 9:39 min
Tractors
Mercedes-Benz trucks
Vehicles introduced in 1966
USS Catamount (LSD-17) was a Casa Grande-class dock landing ship of the United States Navy, named in honor of the Catamount Tavern in Old Bennington,
which served as headquarters for Ethan Allen's Green Mountain Boys while making their plans against the New Yorkers and the British. The Catamount was also the meeting place of Vermont's only form of government then: the Vermont Council of Safety.
Catamount was launched on 27 January 1945 by Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Co., Newport News, Va., sponsored by Mrs. Dave E. Satterfield, Jr.; commissioned on 9 April 1945, Commander C. A. Swafford in command; and reported to the U.S. Pacific Fleet.
Catamount sailed out of Pearl Harbor on 16 June 1945 laden with landing craft for Guam and Eniwetok. Through the remainder of the war, she ferried landing craft, dredges, and other equipment from Espiritu Santo to Kwajalein, Guam, and the Philippines. On 19 August she cleared Guam with special equipment to be used in the occupation of Japan, and on 26 August she stood up Tokyo Bay. Here she operated a boat pool and tended landing craft until 6 October, when she cleared on the first of two voyages to Manila to ferry troops and boats for the Japanese occupation. After a final voyage from Guam to Samar, Catamount cleared for San Francisco and Norfolk, where she arrived 11 February 1946. Joining the Atlantic Fleet, Catamount took part in amphibious training and midshipman cruises until the outbreak of the Korean War.
Korean War
Leaving Norfolk on 15 August 1950, Catamount called at San Diego en route Kobe where she embarked marines bound for the invasion of Inchon. In the landings at Wonsan, Catamount sailed with the important repair and salvage group. It was in November 1950, that Catamount achieved a notable first, when, as part of Commander Stephen M. Archer's Task Element 95.69, she became the first LSD to take part in minesweeping operations, at Chinnampo, port city of P'yŏngyang. It was essential that this port be opened so that the advancing U.S. Eighth Army ashore could be supplied by sea, and all types of minesweepers were summoned for the urgent task. Catamount served as tanker and supply ship to this varied fleet, as well as mothering a swarm of LCVPs which were able to sweep waters too shallow for larger craft.
In December 1950, Catamount took part in the withdrawal of marines and soldiers from Hungnam to Pusan, then returned to Yokosuka, Japan to replenish. She returned to tend landing craft at Korean ports through April 1951, when she began duty transporting equipment and supplies from Sasebo to Inchon and Pusan. On 31 May, she cleared Yokosuka for an overhaul at San Diego.
Catamount had two more tours of duty in the Korean War, from 3 November 1951 to 24 July 1952, and from 29 October 1952 to 8 April 1953. She made her first post-war tour from 5 August 1953 to 18 April 1954. During each of these tours, she tended small craft, and transported personnel, as well as taking part in exercises off Japan and Okinawa. From her base at San Diego, she conducted local operations, and in the summer of 1954, made two voyages to Naknek, Alaska, with landing craft and oil barges.
1955 – 1965
On 3 January 1955, Catamount cleared for the Far East once again, arriving at Yokosuka 25 January. Almost at once she sailed for the Taiwan Straits to take part in the evacuation of the Tachen Islands early in February. She returned to San Diego 24 April. After local operations, she spent 16 January to 30 August 1956 in the central Pacific in Operation Redwing, a series of nuclear tests. In the summer of 1957, Catamount sailed from Seattle on resupply missions to stations of the Distant Early Warning Line (DEW Line) in the Arctic.
From 12 June to 8 December 1958, she cruised in the Far East once more, returning for duty off the coast of southern California. Among her assignments was qualifying helicopter pilots in landings on ships of her type, and participating in amphibious landing exercises based on the relatively new concept of vertical envelopment. Special operations off the northwest coast of the United States and British Columbia in the spring and summer of 1959 preceded a deployment to Hawaii for amphibious training. Later in the year she was overhauled in Portland, Oregon, returning to operations from San Diego 25 March 1960.
After a brief period of operations and supplementary overhaul in San Diego, Catamount sailed on 25 June on a special mission, carrying landing craft to southern Chile, devastated by the Great Chilean earthquake. Transferred to the Chilean Navy, these landing craft provided critically needed transportation in regions where piers had been destroyed by tsunami. Catamount returned to San Diego on 13 August, operated on the west coast and on 22 November sailed for another tour with the U.S. 7th Fleet in the Far East.
Vietnam War
Catamount served several tours in the Vietnam War.
Catamount was decommissioned on 31 March 1970, and struck from the Naval Register on 15 October 1976.
She was sold for scrapping, 4 December 1975 by the Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service (DRMS) for $178,148.15 to Max Rouse & Sons, Beverly Hills, Calif.
Catamount received seven battle stars for Korean War service and seven campaign stars for Vietnam War service.
References
External links
Casa Grande-class dock landing ships of the United States Navy
1945 ships
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Cold War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Vietnam War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Ships built in Newport News, Virginia
ASG Vorwärts Kamenz was an East German association football club from the city of Kamenz, Saxony.
Following World War II, Germany was occupied by the victorious Allies and a separate state – the German Democratic Republic (German: Deutsche Demokratische Republik, DDR; commonly in English, East Germany) – emerged in the Soviet-held eastern part of the country. The formation of an independent East German football competition soon followed. The name Vorwärts was used in East Germany by those clubs associated with the armed forces, paramilitary organizations, and police.
History
Vorwärts Kamenz was established in 1960 and played lower-tier football early in its existence. In 1974, the first team side of Vorwärts Cottbus was transferred to Kamenz and the club became a fourth division side in the Bezirksliga Dresden. They enjoyed success in local cup play over the next several seasons, capturing the Dresden Cup in 1976, 1978, and 1979.
The improvement of the team propelled them into the second division DDR-Liga in 1979, where they finished in second place in their debut campaign. They remained part of the DDR-Liga until they were sent down to the third division DDR-Bezirksliga following a 10th-place finish in 1984. They were dropped again to the fourth division in 1985 after ending at 15th place. The club folded in 1986.
Vorwärts was a frequent participant in FDGB-Pokal (East German Cup) play (1975, 1977, 1979–84), but never advanced out of the preliminary rounds.
References
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
Football clubs in Germany
Defunct football clubs in Saxony
Football clubs in East Germany
ASG Vorwärts
1960 establishments in East Germany
1986 disestablishments in Germany
Association football clubs established in 1960
Association football clubs disestablished in 1986
Kamenz
Military association football clubs in Germany
Ennio Filonardi (1466–1549) was an Italian bishop and Cardinal. He was born in Bauco, present-day Boville Ernica.
As bishop of Veroli, from 1503 to 1538, he left an architectural mark on the cathedral. In 1538 he was bishop of Montefeltro; on April 25, 1549 he resigned as Bishop of Montefeltro in favor of his nephew Ennio Massari Filonardi.
From the time of his status as close advisor to Pope Innocent VIII, he became one of the salient figures of the papal court. He acted as papal nuncio to Switzerland. He became Bishop of Albano in 1546.
He died during the conclave that elected Pope Julius III, having himself been considered papabile. This is quite unlikely, since Filonardi was already eighty-three years old; he was not on any list of papabili provided by any of the Crowns; and he received not a single vote from the first ballot on 4 December to the day of his death on 19 December 1549.
Notes and references
External links
www.catholic-hierarchy.org
www.menteantica.it
www.verbanensia.org
1466 births
1549 deaths
People from the Province of Frosinone
16th-century Italian cardinals
Bishops in Lazio
Cardinal-bishops of Albano
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Qarchak (; also known as Qar chak) is a city and capital of Qarchak County, in Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 173,832, in 42,508 families. Qarchack is 35 kilometers from central Tehran.
References
Populated places in Qarchak County
Cities in Tehran Province
Luwuk is the capital of Banggai Regency, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. Its area is 72.82 km2 following boundary changes in 2012 and 2015. There used to be an oil industry in the region. At the 2020 census it had a total population of 34,849 in the town.
The universities in Luwuk are UNTIKA and UNISMUH. Syukuran Aminuddin Amir Airport serves the area.
Luwuk has 3 indigenous ethnic groups - Saluan, Balantak, and Banggai.
Climate
Luwuk has a tropical savanna climate (Aw) with little to moderate rainfall year-round. It is one of the driest places in Indonesia.
References
Banggai Regency
Districts of Central Sulawesi
Regency seats of Central Sulawesi
Monument of the Great October Revolution () is a bronze monument dedicated to the October Revolution and establishment of the Soviet rule in Rostov-on-Don. Sculptor V. Dubovik and architect E. Polyanskiy created design of the sculptures of three men: a soldier, a seaman and a peasant. The peasant keeps the flag flying. The seaman take purchase on a rifle. The sculptures stand on the red granitical 4.5-metre pedestal. By design, general appearance of the monument symbolize steadfastness of the triumph of the Revolution. The sculpture composition was opened in 1979. It is located at the spot where a rally for establishment of the Soviet rule in the city took place on October 26 1917. The front of the base carries a bronze plaque reminding about this event:
Historical background
After the triumph of the February Revolution the broad Bolshevik's political activities began in the Don region. Nashe znamya "Our standard" newspaper explained bolshevik policies and its objectives, strengthened, expanded party organizations, prepared toiling masses to a communist revolution. Rostov-Nakhichevan committee of the Bolsheviks contacted other Don bolshevik groups, helped to constitute new groups, strengthen current party organisations and strengthen political work to earn the trust of the masses through the newspaper.
The number of armed groups of workers has increased every day. Workers with the support of peasants and revolutionary soldiers were ready to advocate overthrow of the Russian Provisional Government. After obtain information about triumph of the communist revolution in Petrograd and proclamation the Soviet power of workers and peasants Rostov-Nakhichevan committee organized a council of Workers' and Soldiers' Deputies on October 26 1917. The council decided to take full power and constitute a Military-Revolutionary Committee led by Sergey Syrtsov contrary to violent resistance from the Mensheviks and the Socialist Revolutionary Party. After the session the rally of workers and the soldier took place in a city garden near a rotunda. Numerous participants supported the revolution and agreed to provide the needed approval to the council and the Military-Revolutionary Committee. The monument had been built to commemorate this huge milestone.
References
Outdoor sculptures in Russia
1979 sculptures
Statues in Russia
Bronze sculptures in Russia
Sculptures of men in Russia
Monuments and memorials in Rostov-on-Don
The fernwren (Oreoscopus gutturalis) is a species of bird in the family Acanthizidae. It is monotypic within the genus Oreoscopus.
It is endemic to northern Queensland in Australia. Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forest and tropical moist montane forest.
Taxonomy
The fernwren was first described by the English zoologist and ornithologist Charles Walter De Vis in 1889, and grouped with the scrubwrens as Sericornis gutturalis. It was later included in the genus Crateroscelis, along with three species of mouse-warblers found in New Guinea, but was subsequently moved to the monotypic genus Oreoscopus (established by North in 1905). The fernwren is a basal (subfamily) member of Acanthizidae and sister to the genus Pachycare.
The generic name Oreoscopus derives from the Ancient Greek oros meaning 'mountain' and scopos meaning 'guardian' or 'watcher'. The specific epithet gutturalis is Mediaeval Latin for 'of the throat', referring to the prominent white throat of this species. It was also known colloquially as the collared scrubwren.
Description
The fernwren has a white eyebrow and throat, enclosing a dark brown face. Beneath the white throat, it has a black bib. It has a long-slender bill. The upperparts are dark olive-brown and the underparts paler. It is in length. The female is very similar to the male. Juveniles are dark brown without the white facial markings of the adult.
Distribution and habitat
The fernwren is found in northeast Queensland rainforest between above sea-level, although more often above . It is found in the Paluma Range, near Townsville, and from the Tully Gorge National Park northwards to Cape Tribulation. It is sedentary and classified as endangered on the IUCN Red List.
Behaviour
The fernwren forages in the moist leaf-litter amongst the ferns and dense shrubbery, particularly in shady gullies of highland rainforests. As it searches through the accumulated debris of the forest floor, it frequently bows its head and flicks its short tail. It feeds on arthropods and small skinks (Scincidae). It has a variety of calls, including high-pitched squeaks and whistles, a softer chattering sequence, and a buzzing, scolding call.
Breeding
In the breeding season from July to January (mainly October and November), the male and female fernwrens together construct a domed nest, often hidden beneath an overhanging bank, fallen log or in a small cave amid the ferns. The nest is composed of twigs, rootlets, moss, and lichen. The female lays a clutch of two eggs, which are glossy white, sometimes finely spotted chestnut and tan. The eggs measure long by wide. Incubation by the female lasts about 29 days, and nestlings are fed by both sexes for 21-23 days.
References
Acanthizidae
Birds of Queensland
Endemic birds of Australia
Birds described in 1889
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ravinder Singh (Punjabi: ਰਵਿੰਦਰ ਸਿੰਘ, born 16 September 1969) is a British Punjabi Sikh humanitarian and founder and CEO of the international non-profit aid and relief organization Khalsa Aid.
Although born in India, Singh refused the 2018 ‘Indian Person of the Year' award as he does not like being associated with India due to his ideology.
Career
Ravi has been working as a Sikh humanitarian since 1999, when he had the idea of taking the ideals of the Khalsa, to regions of the world that needed it the most with the hope that it will help to rekindle people's trust in humanity.
Ravi shot to fame in the UK in 2014 when he mobilized his charity to help the people of Somerset after heavy rain and high winds caused huge amounts of damage to property and land. Later that year the people of Somerset nominated him to appear on the national hit TV show 'Surprise Surprise' as a way of saying thank you for his support. He received a family holiday and a new car.
In 2015 Ravi helped the people of Nepal after an earthquake killed nearly 9,000 people and injured nearly 25,000. He encouraged his newly made friends from Somerset to help.
The BBC made a film about Ravi in 2016 titled 'The Selfless Sikh' which documented his journey to northern Iraq, where he provides aid to Yazidi families who have fled their homes to escape the brutality of Islamic State. The film follows Singh into the heart of Iraqi Kurdistan as he delivers aid to Yazidi refugees in makeshift camps, barely 70 kilometres from the IS stronghold of Mosul.
In 2016 Ravi's team assisted motorists stranded in the Dover traffic chaos by delivering 6000 water bottles. Some travelers spent up to 15 hours at a standstill on the M20. Ravi was praised widely on social media. Ravi Singh also stepped in to provide relief to flood victims in multiple Indian states impacted in the 2019 Indian floods.
Awards and recognition
Sep 2018: Received 'The Award Of Excellence and Achievement' by the Punjabi Society Of British Isles at a ceremony in the British Parliament.
May 2018: He refused the ‘Indian of the Year' Award nomination for his humanitarian contributions because he does not identify himself as an Indian but as a Punjabi/Khalsa.
Dec 2017: Honoured with the Bhagat Singh Thind Community Empowerment Award at a national gala dinner in Maryland USA.
Sep 2017: Received the 'International Sensation Award' at Darpan Awards ceremony in Surrey, Canada.
Dec 2014: Awarded 'Sikh of the Year 2014' at an award ceremony in Amritsar
See also
List of British Sikhs
References
1969 births
Living people
British humanitarians
People educated by school in Berkshire
People from Slough
Yazidi
British Sikhs
Kristof D'haene (born 6 June 1990) is a Belgian professional football player. He plays as winger as well as wing back and is currently on the books of Kortrijk.
Career
He made his Cercle Brugge debut in the UEFA Europa League confrontation against TPS Turku, when he replaced Frederik Boi in the 78th minute. Cercle Brugge eventually won the match 1–2. On 21 November 2010, Kristof D'haene scored the only goal in the Bruges derby. Kristof D'haene played for Club Brugge until mid-2010. He joined, Belgian club, KV Kortrijk in 2015 and he became an integral part of the team, making 41 appearances in 2018–19 season.
References
Kristof D'haene player info at the official Cercle Brugge site
Cerclemuseum.be
Club - Cercle 0-1 (21 Nov 2010, match report)
Belgium Stats at Belgian FA
External links
Kristof D'haene at Soccerway
Living people
1990 births
Belgian footballers
Belgium under-21 international footballers
Royal Excel Mouscron players
Club Brugge KV players
Cercle Brugge K.S.V. players
K.V. Kortrijk players
Association football defenders
Belgian First Division A players
Sportspeople from Kortrijk
Footballers from West Flanders
K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen players
Gallo-Roman culture was a consequence of the Romanization of Gauls under the rule of the Roman Empire. It was characterized by the Gaulish adoption or adaptation of Roman culture, language, morals and way of life in a uniquely Gaulish context. The well-studied meld of cultures in Gaul gives historians a model against which to compare and contrast parallel developments of Romanization in other, less-studied Roman provinces.
Interpretatio romana offered Roman names for Gaulish deities such as the smith-god Gobannus, but of Celtic deities only the horse-patroness Epona penetrated Romanized cultures beyond the confines of Gaul.
The barbarian invasions beginning in the late third century forced upon Gallo-Roman culture fundamental changes in politics, in the economic underpinning, in military organization. The Gothic settlement of 418 offered a double loyalty, as Western Roman authority disintegrated at Rome. The plight of the highly Romanized governing class is examined by R.W. Mathisen, the struggles of bishop Hilary of Arles by M. Heinzelmann.
Into the seventh century, Gallo-Roman culture would persist particularly in the areas of Gallia Narbonensis that developed into Occitania, Cisalpine Gaul, Orléanais, and to a lesser degree, Gallia Aquitania. The formerly Romanized north of Gaul, once it had been occupied by the Franks, would develop into Merovingian culture instead. Roman life, centered on the public events and cultural responsibilities of urban life in the res publica and the sometimes luxurious life of the self-sufficient rural villa system, took longer to collapse in the Gallo-Roman regions, where the Visigoths largely inherited the status quo in 418. Gallo-Roman language persisted in the northeast into the Silva Carbonaria that formed an effective cultural barrier with the Franks to the north and east, and in the northwest to the lower valley of the Loire, where Gallo-Roman culture interfaced with Frankish culture in a city like Tours and in the person of that Gallo-Roman bishop confronted with Merovingian royals, Gregory of Tours. Based upon mutual intelligibility, David Dalby counts seven languages descended from Gallo-Romance: Gallo-Wallon, French, Franco-Provençal (Arpitan), Romansh, Ladin, Friulian, and Lombard. However, other definitions are far broader, variously encompassing the Rhaeto-Romance languages, Occitano-Romance languages, and Gallo-Italic languages.
Politics
Gaul was divided by Roman administration into three provinces, which were sub-divided in the later third century reorganization under Diocletian, and divided between two dioceses, Galliae and Viennensis, under the Praetorian prefecture of Galliae. On the local level, it was composed of civitates which preserved, broadly speaking, the boundaries of the formerly independent Gaulish tribes, which had been organised in large part on village structures that retained some features in the Roman civic formulas that overlaid them.
Over the course of the Roman period, an ever-increasing proportion of Gauls gained Roman citizenship. In 212, the Constitutio Antoniniana extended citizenship to all free-born men in the Roman Empire.
Gallic Empire
During the Crisis of the Third Century, from 260 to 274, Gaul was subject to Alamannic raids during the civil war. In reaction to local problems the Gallo-Romans appointed their own emperor, Postumus. The rule over Gaul, Britannia, and Hispania by Postumus and his successors is usually called The Gallic Empire although it was just one set of many usurpers who took over parts of the Roman Empire and tried to become emperor. The capital was Trier, which was often used as the northern capital of the Roman Empire by many emperors. The Gallic Empire ended when Aurelian decisively defeated Tetricus I at Chalons.
Religion
The pre-Christian religious practices of Roman Gaul were characterized by syncretism of Graeco-Roman deities with their native Celtic, Basque or Germanic counterparts, many of which were of strictly local significance. Assimilation was eased by interpreting indigenous gods in Roman terms, such as with Lenus Mars or Apollo Grannus. Otherwise, a Roman god might be paired with a native goddess, as with Mercury and Rosmerta. In at least one case – that of the equine goddess Epona – a native Gallic goddess was also adopted by Rome.
Eastern mystery religions penetrated Gaul early on. These included the cults of Orpheus, Mithras, Cybele, and Isis.
The imperial cult, centred primarily on the numen of Augustus, came to play a prominent role in public religion in Gaul, most dramatically at the pan-Gaulish ceremony venerating Rome and Augustus at the Condate Altar near Lugdunum annually on 1 August.
Christianity
Gregory of Tours recorded the tradition that after the persecution under the co-emperors Decius and Gratus (250–251), future pope Felix I sent seven missionaries to re-establish the broken and scattered Christian communities, Gatien to Tours, Trophimus to Arles, Paul to Narbonne, Saturninus to Toulouse, Denis to Paris, Martial to Limoges, and Austromoine to Clermont.
In the fifth and sixth centuries, Gallo-Roman Christian communities still consisted of independent churches in urban sites, each governed by a bishop; Christians experienced loyalties divided between the bishop and the civil prefect, who operated largely in harmony within the late-imperial administration. Some of the communities had origins that predated the third-century persecutions. The personal charisma of the bishop set the tone, as fifth-century allegiances, for pagans as well as Christians, switched from institutions to individuals: most Gallo-Roman bishops were drawn from the highest levels of society as appropriate non-military civil roads to advancement dwindled, and they represented themselves as bulwarks of high literary standards and Roman traditions against the Vandal and Gothic interlopers; other bishops drew the faithful to radical asceticism. Bishops often took on the duties of civil administrator after the contraction of the Roman imperial administration due to the Barbarian invasions of the 5th century, helping fund building projects and even acting as arbiters of justice in the local community. Miracles attributed to both kinds of bishops, and holy men and women, attracted cult veneration, sometimes very soon after their death; a great number of locally venerated Gallo-Roman and Merovingian saints arose in the transitional centuries 400–750. The identification of the diocesan administration with the secular community, which took place during the fifth century in Italy, can best be traced in the Gallo-Roman culture of Gaul in the career of Caesarius, bishop and Metropolitan of Arles from 503 to 543. (Wallace-Hadrill).
Language
Before Roman incursion, most of Gaul spoke Celtic dialects that are today considered to be the Gaulish language, with considerable variation. The south-western region that would later become Gascony spoke the Aquitanian language, which may have been the parent language of Basque, while parts of the coast near Marseille spoke Ligurian with some Greek-speaking colonies on the Mediterranean coast, notably including Massilia. In the northeastern zone of Belgica, there may have been some presence of Germanic languages, although this is disputed. In the late empire, there was some settlement in Gaul by tribes speaking Germanic or Eastern Iranian languages, such as the Alans.
The Gaulish language is thought to have survived into the 6th century in France, despite considerable Romanization of the local material culture. The last record of spoken Gaulish deemed to be plausibly credible was when Gregory of Tours wrote in the 6th century (c. 560–575) that a shrine in Auvergne which "is called in the Gallic tongue" was destroyed and burnt to the ground. Coexisting with Latin, Gaulish helped shape the Vulgar Latin dialects that developed into French, with effects including loanwords and calques (including , the word for "yes"), sound changes, and influences in conjugation and word order.
The Vulgar Latin in the region of Gallia took on a distinctly local character, some of which is attested in graffiti, which evolved into the Gallo-Romance dialects which include French and its closest relatives. The influence of substrate languages may be seen in graffiti showing sound changes that matched changes that had earlier occurred in the indigenous languages, especially Gaulish. The Vulgar Latin in the North of Gaul evolved into the langues d'oïl and Franco-Provencal, while the dialects in the South evolved into the modern Occitan and Catalan tongues. Other languages held to be "Gallo-Romance" include the Gallo-Italic languages and the Rhaeto-Romance languages.
Latin epigraphy in Gaul has peculiarities such as the occasional variant instead of .
Gallo-Roman art
Roman culture introduced a new phase of anthropomorphized sculpture to the Gaulish community, synthesized with Celtic traditions of refined metalworking, a rich body of urbane Gallo-Roman silver developed, which the upheavals of the third and fifth centuries motivated hiding away in hoards, which have protected some pieces of Gallo-Roman silver, from villas and temple sites, from the universal destruction of precious metalwork in circulation. The exhibition of Gallo-Roman silver highlighted specifically Gallo-Roman silver from the treasures found at Chaourse (Aisne), Mâcon (Saône et Loire), Graincourt-lès-Havrincourt (Pas de Calais), Notre-Dame d'Allençon (Maine-et-Loire), and Rethel (Ardennes, found in 1980).
Gallo-Roman sites
The two more Romanized of the three Gauls were bound together in a network of Roman roads that linked cities. Via Domitia (laid out in 118 BC), reached from Nîmes to the Pyrenees, where it joined the Via Augusta at the Col de Panissars. Via Aquitania reached from Narbonne, where it connected to the Via Domitia, to the Atlantic Ocean through Toulouse to Bordeaux. Via Scarponensis connected Trier to Lyon through Metz.
Sites, restorations, museums
At Périgueux, France, a luxurious Roman villa called the Domus of Vesunna, built round a garden courtyard surrounded by a colonnaded peristyle enriched with bold tectonic frescoing, has been handsomely protected in a modern glass-and-steel structure that is a fine example of archaeological museum-making (see external link).
Lyon, the capital of Roman Gaul, is now the site of the Gallo-Roman Museum of Lyon (rue Céberg), associated with the remains of the theater and odeon of Roman Lugdunum. Visitors are offered a clear picture of the daily life, economic conditions, institutions, beliefs, monuments and artistic achievements of the first four centuries of the Christian era. The "Claudius Tablet" in the Museum transcribes a speech given before the Senate by the Emperor Claudius in 48, in which he requests the right for the heads of the Gallic nations to participate in Roman magistracy. The request having been accepted, the Gauls decided to engrave the imperial speech on bronze.
In Metz, once an important town of Gaul, the Golden Courtyard Museums displays a rich collection of Gallo-Roman finds and the vestiges of Gallo-Roman baths, revealed by the extension works to the museums in the 1930s.
In Martigny, Valais, Switzerland, at the Fondation Pierre Gianadda, a modern museum of art and sculpture shares space with Gallo-Roman Museum centered on the foundations of a Celtic temple.
Other sites include:
Towns
Arles – remains include the Alyscamps, a large Roman necropolis
Autun
Divodurum (modern Metz) – remains include the Basilica of Saint-Pierre-aux-Nonnains and the thermae
Glanum, near Saint-Rémy-de-Provence
Narbonne
Nîmes – remains include the Maison Carrée
Orange
Tongeren (Belgium) – Gallo-Roman Museum of Tongeren
Vaison-la-Romaine
Velzeke-Ruddershove (Belgium) – Provincial Archaeological Museum of Velzeke
Amphitheatres
Arelate (modern Arles)
Grand
Lugdunum (modern Lyon)
Nemausus (modern Nîmes)
Lutetia (modern Paris): Arènes de Lutèce
Mediolanum Santonum (modern Saintes)
several Roman amphitheatres are still visible in France (see List of Roman amphitheatres for a list)
Aqueducts
Pont du Gard
Barbegal aqueduct
See also
Culture of Ancient Rome
Sidonius Apollinaris
Syagrius
Via Domitia, the first Roman road built in Gaul
Pillar of the Boatmen
Thraco-Roman
Loupian Roman villa
Gallo language
Ausonius
Venantius Fortunatus
Hilary of Arles
Roman villas in northwestern Gaul
Romano-British culture
Romano-Germanic culture
Daco-Roman
Illyro-Roman
Notes
Bibliography
Wallace-Hadrill, J.M. 1983. The Frankish Church (Oxford University Press) , 1983
Drinkwater, John, and Hugh Elton, eds. Fifth-Century Gaul: a crisis of identity? (Cambridge University Press) 2002.
Omrani, Bijan. Caesar's Footprints: Journeys to Roman Gaul (Head of Zeus) 2017.
External links
Gallo-Roman Museum, Lyon
Vesunna Gallo-Roman Museum by Jean Nouvel
Gallo-Roman Museum Tongeren – Belgium
7th-century disestablishments in Europe
Ancient Roman culture
Roman assimilation
The Saint Michael's line is a postulated ley line connecting monasteries dedicated to the Archangel Michael in Europe and in the Middle East. The aligned monasteries include Skellig Michael (Ireland), St Michael's Mount in Cornwall (UK), Mont Saint-Michel in Normandy (France), Sacra di San Michele (Italy), Chiesa di San Galgano (Italy), Tempio di San Michele di Perugia (Italy), Santuario di San Michele del Gargano (Italy), Delphi (Greece), Island of Delos (Greece), Symi (Greece), Kourion (Cyprus), and Mount Carmel (Israel). The term is also used to refer to a similar alignment of sites linked to Saint Michael in the UK.
Another interesting thing is that the Sacred Line is perfectly aligned with the sunset on the day of the Northern Hemisphere's Summer Solstice.
Interpretation
As with other ley lines, no scientific evidence indicates that the alignment was planned and meaningful, making the claim pseudoscientific, but commonly reported at these sites. Physicist Luca Amendola noted that the deviation of these sites from the loxodrome that allegedly connects them ranges between 14 km and 42 km. The alignment is likely to be a coincidence, as Europe has a high density of religious buildings and because of the prominence of Saint Michael in Christianity.
According to legend the Sacred Line of Saint Michael the Archangel represents the blow the Saint inflicted the Devil, sending him to hell.
Some also say that it is a reminder from Saint Michael that the faithful are expected to be righteous, walking the straight path.
Gallery
References
Pseudoscience
Christian monasteries
Ley lines
Psychogeography
Antrodemus ("chamber bodied") is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur from the Kimmeridgian-Tithonian age Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of Middle Park, Colorado. It contains one species, Antrodemus valens, first described and named as a species of Poekilopleuron by Joseph Leidy in 1870.
The first described fossil specimen was a bone obtained secondhand by Ferdinand Vandeveer Hayden in 1869 (original discoverer unknown). It came from Middle Park, near Granby, Colorado, probably from Morrison Formation rocks. The locals had identified such bones as petrified horse hooves. Hayden sent his specimen to Joseph Leidy, who identified it as half of a tail vertebra, and tentatively assigned it to the European dinosaur genus Poekilopleuron as Poicilopleuron [sic] valens. He later decided it deserved its own genus, Antrodemus.
In 1920, Charles W. Gilmore came to the conclusion that the tail vertebra named Antrodemus by Leidy was indistinguishable from those of Allosaurus, and that Antrodemus should be the preferred name because, as the older name, it had priority. Antrodemus became the accepted name for this familiar genus for over fifty years, until James Madsen published on the Cleveland-Lloyd specimens of Allosaurus and concluded that the Allosaurus name should be used because Antrodemus was based on material with poor, if any, diagnostic features and locality information (for example, the geological formation that the single bone of Antrodemus came from is unknown). Subsequent authors have agreed with this assessment and have considered Antrodemus a nomen dubium.
References
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of North America
Allosaurids
Nomina dubia
Fossil taxa described in 1873
Taxa named by Joseph Leidy
Paleontology in Colorado
During the 1995–96 Dutch football season, AFC Ajax competed in the Eredivisie.
Players
First-team squad
Reserve squad
Transfers
In
Arnold Scholten – Feyenoord
Out
Rob Alflen – Vitesse
Tarik Oulida – Sevilla
Peter van Vossen – İstanbulspor
Frank Rijkaard – retired
Clarence Seedorf – Sampdoria
Competitions
Eredivisie
League table
KNVB Cup
Dutch Supercup
UEFA Champions League
Group stage
Knockout phase
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Intercontinental Cup
UEFA Super Cup
References
Notes
AFC Ajax seasons
AFC Ajax
Dutch football championship-winning seasons
The Boston Pre-Release Center is a minimum security correctional facility located on Canterbury Street in Roslindale, Massachusetts. The current facility opened in 2003 and it is under the jurisdiction of the Massachusetts Department of Correction. As of January 6, 2020 there were 90 inmates in general population beds.
History
In November 1972, the Boston Pre-Release Center became the first pre-release correctional facility in the commonwealth of Massachusetts. On October 31, 2003, the BPRC opened its doors at its new location on Canterbury Street in Roslindale, Massachusetts.
COVID-19 Cases
Pursuant to the Supreme Judicial Court's April 3, 2020 Opinion and Order in the Committee for Public Counsel Services v. Chief Justice of the Trial Court, SJC-12926 matter, as amended on April 10, April 28 and June 23, 2020 (the “Order”), the Special Master posts weekly reports which are located on the SJC website here for COVID testing and cases for each of the correctional facilities administered by the Department of Correction and each of the county Sheriffs' offices. The SJC Special master link above has the most up to date information reported by the correctional agencies and is posted for the public to view.
Facility
The Boston Pre-Release Center is a 200-bed facility designed to provide inmates gradual transition from prison life to the community. The facility utilizes inmate work crews supervised by correction officers to work through the city of Boston and the surrounding towns.
Boston Pre-Release Center
430 Canterbury Street
Roslindale, MA 02131
References
External links
Boston Pre-Release Center at mass.gov
Buildings and structures in Boston
Prisons in Massachusetts
2003 establishments in Massachusetts
Lorica is a genus of chitons in the family Schizochitonidae.
Species
L. haurakiensis
This rare species is present in New Zealand.
L. volvox
Synonym: Chiton rudis Hutton, 1872
This species can reach a length of about . It is present in Australia (New South Wales).
Extinct representatives
Extinct representatives of the genus are known from the Cretaceous of America and the Eocene & Miocene of Oceania.<
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Loricidae
Extant Cretaceous first appearances
The 2018–19 season is Klubi i Futbollit Tirana's 80th competitive season, 78th in the Kategoria Superiore and 98th year in existence as a football club.
Season overview
June
On 1 June 2018, Tirana announced to have signed a new two-year contract with manager Zé Maria, making him the highest paid coach in Albania. The defender Erion Hoxhallari agreed a new contract until June 2020 despite interest from several European clubs. Then he was sent on loan at fellow Superliga side Laçi on a short-term contract only for their UEFA Europa League campaign.
On 14 June, Tirana reached a principal agreement with striker Michael Ngoo for the contract renewal. The club announced their first summer transfer nine days later, the Macedonian striker Dejan Blazhevski, who signed a 1+1 contract.
On 29 June, the youngster Ernest Muçi signed his first professional contract that will link him with Tirana for the next three years. The club also presented their second signing of summer transfer window, the midfielder Eni Imami who signed for the next two seasons.
July
Tirana begun the month by completing the signing of Vincent Atinga on a contract until June 2021. Youngsters Jurgen Çelhaka and Marsel Ismailgeci both signed three-year contracts, their firsts as professionals. The club then announced the next signing, the Ghanaian midfielder Winful Cobbinah, who signed a three-year deal.
The club did not offer a new deal the youngster Patrik Bardhi who left as a free agent and later signed for Kastrioti Krujë. After one season, Alked Çelhaka left the club by terminating the contract by mutual consent.
On 16 July, Asion Daja and Dorian Kërçiku both signed contracts for the new season. On 23 July, Tirana beat the concurrence of their rivals Partizani and signed the midfielder Edon Hasani on a two-year contract. The next days, Tirana announced that they were going to play friendly matches with Apolonia Fier, Flamurtari Pristina and Prishtina.
In the first friendly, Tirana recorded a 2–0 win at Selman Stërmasi Stadium against Apolonia Fier with the goal coming from newcomers Dejan Blazhevski and Edon Hasani. On 27 July, Sedat Berisha was unveiled as Tirana's newest player by signing a one-year contract with an option to renew. In the second one, Tirana won again, this time 3–0 versus Flamurtari Pristina.
August
Club vice-captain Gentian Muça returned in training after more than a year after healing from the Spinal disc herniation and a neck tumor which he discovered in July of the previous year. In the third and final friendly against Prishtina, Tirana suffered the first loss, as the Football Superleague of Kosovo side won 3–1 with Albi Doka scoring the consolation goal for the team.
On 14 August, Tirana acquired the services of goalkeeper Shpëtim Moçka as a free agent. Moçka, who previously played for Teuta Durrës, signed a contract running until the end of the 2018–19 season. Tirana commenced the Kategoria Superiore season four days later by playing against Kamza at home; the team surprisingly lost via a Sebino Plaku late winner. The following week, Tirana didn't go more than a goalless draw against Teuta Durrës, earning their first championship point.
Players such as Rei Qilimi, Alvaro Bishaj, Jurgen Vrapi, Hardy Binguila and Kenneth Muguna were all released by the club.
On 29 August, Tirana was drawn in the first round of the 2018–19 Albanian Cup against Iliria Fushë-Krujë.
On 31 August 2018, Nnamdi Oduamadi joined the club on a two-year contract.
September
Tirana begun the new month by playing in the third league match against Kukësi at Loro Boriçi Stadium; youngster Ernest Muçi scored the consolation goal for the team which was defeated 3–1. Two goals from Cobbinah and one each from Blazhevski and Turtulli secured a 4–1 victory in the first leg of the Albanian Cup, first round, over Iliria Fushë-Krujë.
Back in league, Tirana won their first championship match on 16 September by defeating Luftëtari Gjirokastër 3–1 at home; Blazhevski, Turtulli and Greca gave Tirana their first top-flight win after 484 days. The team then played Skënderbeu Korçë away in the matchday 5; despite opening the score with a header from Edon Hasani, the team conceded in the last minutes in a match which was marred by referee's mistakes.
On 25 September, Tirana won comfortably the second leg of Albanian Cup first round against Iliria Fushë-Krujë; Sentamu scored a hat-trick which was followed by Ngoo's goal. The team will play Flamurtari Vlorë in the second round.
Three days later, Tirana played their first derby match against Partizani Tirana after more than a year; the team lost again, making it 14 consecutive matches without winning. The loss also meant the team's worst Kategoria Superiore start since 2007–08 season.
October
Tirana's October begun with a 3–2 win at Kastrioti Krujë for the second win of the season. A brace by Blazhevski and an owngoal from Stijepović sealed the victory for the white&blues. It was Tirana's first away win in Kategoria Superiore since February 2016.
In the next league match, Tirana fell at the hands of Laçi; the guests won 1–0 at Selman Stërmasi Stadium thanks to a goal of Redon Xhixha while Blazhevski missed a crucial penalty in the last minutes. Following the match, striker Nnamdi Oduamadi was sent to hospital with a broken rib due to heavy challenges from Laçi players.
Players
Squad information
From youth squad
Transfers
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Kategoria Superiore
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Albanian Cup
First round
Second round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Squad stats
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|-
!
! style="width:70px;"|League
! style="width:70px;"|Cup
! style="width:70px;"|Total Stats
|-
|align=left|Games played ||24 || 5 || 29
|-
|align=left|Games won ||7 || 4 || 12
|-
|align=left|Games drawn ||8 || 0 || 8
|-
|align=left|Games lost ||9 || 1 || 10
|-
|align=left|Goals scored ||28 || 13 || 41
|-
|align=left|Goals conceded ||25 || 2 || 27
|-
|align=left|Goal difference ||+3 ||+11 || +14
|-
|align=left|Clean sheets ||6 || 3 || 9
|-
Top scorers
Last updated: 3 October 2018
Clean sheets
The list is sorted by shirt number when total appearances are equal.
Last updated: 25 September 2018
References
External links
Official website
KF Tirana seasons
Tirana
The 1975–76 1. Slovenská národná hokejová liga season was the 7th season of the 1. Slovenská národná hokejová liga, the second level of ice hockey in Czechoslovakia alongside the 1. Česká národní hokejová liga. 12 teams participated in the league, and TJ Lokomotíva Bučina Zvolen won the championship. TJ Spartak BEZ Bratislava relegated.
Regular season
Standings
Qualification to 1976–77 Czechoslovak Extraliga
TJ Gottwaldov – TJ Lokomotíva Bučina Zvolen 4–3 (6–0, 4–2, 1–4, 1–3, 5–3, 1–4, 4–2)
TJ Gottwaldov won the series 4–3 and qualified to 1976–77 Czechoslovak Extraliga.
References
External links
Season on avlh.sweb.cz (PDF)
Season on hokejpoprad.sk
Czech
1st. Slovak National Hockey League seasons
2
Blanca Romero Ezama (born 2 June 1976) is a Spanish actress, model, and singer.
Biography
Blanca Romero was born on 2 June 1976 in Gijón. Her parents are of Peruvian and Romani descent.
Career
At age 14, she appeared in her first fashion show at a boutique in Gijón. As a result, she became interested in the subject of fashion; at 17 she moved to Madrid, and two years later to Paris to work at fashion magazines such as Givenchy and Madame Figaro.
She composed her first song in 2001. In mid-2006, she began a short-lived musical career under the stage name La Perra.
She took part in some reports for the Antena 3 television program PuntoDoc. An appearance on on LaSexta led to her being noticed by the creative team for the teen drama series Física o Química, and she made the leap to acting. She went on to act in and Supermodelo 2006. She has appeared on the cover of the Spanish edition of Elle on several occasions, and posed nude in a special issue to raise awareness of water scarcity and pollution issues for Expo 2008 in Zaragoza.
She made her film debut in 2009 with After, for which she was nominated for Best New Actress at the 24th Goya Awards. She followed this with in 2011 and The End in 2012.
In 2015, she starred in the first season of the Antena 3 series Bajo sospecha, playing an undercover police officer partnered with Yon González. After its renewal for a second season, it was published that Romero would not continue in the project, and would be replaced by Olivia Molina. A year later, it was announced that she had signed on for the miniseries La luz de la esperanza on La 1, alongside Isak Férriz, Natalia de Molina, and .
In 2020, it was confirmed that she would reprise her role as Irene Calvo Azpeolea in Física o químicaː El reencuentro for the platform Atresplayer Premium.
Personal life
On 11 September 1998, she gave birth to her first child, a girl, whom she called Lucía Romero Ezama. On 10 July 2015 she revealed the identity of the biological father of her daughter Lucía through an Instagram photo.
On 26 October 2001 she married the bullfighter Cayetano Rivera Ordóñez in the church of San Pedro in Gijón. Cayetano legally adopted Blanca's daughter, Lucía. They divorced in 2004.
On 21 July 2012 she gave birth to her second child, a boy, whom she called Martín Romero Ezama.
Filmography
Television
Movies
References
External links
1976 births
21st-century Spanish women singers
Actors from Asturias
Living people
People from Gijón
Singers from Asturias
Spanish female models
Spanish television actresses
The 2020 Oregon Democratic presidential primary took place on Tuesday, May 19, 2020, and was the only contest on that date in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The Georgia and Kentucky primaries, previously scheduled for May 19, were delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic, while Oregon already had a total vote-by-mail primary. The Oregon primary was a closed primary. The state awarded 74 delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention, of whom 61 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the primary results. Joe Biden won the primary with 66% of the vote. Bernie Sanders, who had suspended his campaign a month earlier, received 20.6%.
Procedure
Oregon was the only state to vote on May 19, 2020 in the Democratic primaries. Two bills had been introduced in the state house in January 2019 that would have shifted the whole primary date to the second Tuesday in March in even-numbered years (which would be tantamount to a primary a week after Super Tuesday), with the first empowering the Oregon secretary of state the power to shift the date and the second permitting a primary move for the purpose of regional clustering, but neither bill moved beyond committee. Another bill introduced by Republicans in the state senate in March 2019 had also proposed shifting the Oregon primary to join Super Tuesday states on the first Tuesday in March with a separate presidential primary rather than a consolidated primary, but no further action was taken on the bill since an initial public hearing.
Oregon, a vote-by-mail state, was expected to accept mail-in ballots until 8:00 p.m. local time. Candidates had to meet a threshold of 15% at the congressional district or statewide level to be considered viable. The 61 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the primary results. Of these, between 6 and 12 were allocated to each of the state's five congressional districts and another 7 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 13 at-large pledged delegates. Originally planned with 52 delegates, the final number included an approximate 20% bonus of 9 additional delegates awarded by the Democratic National Committee due to the May date, which belonged to Stage III on the primary timetable.
Congressional district conventions and state conventions instead of meeting voted by mail between May 27 and June 12 on district-level and statewide delegates to the Democratic National Convention. The 61 pledged delegates Oregon sent to the national convention were joined by 13 unpledged PLEO delegates (6 members of the Democratic National Committee; 6 members of Congress, including both senators and four U.S. representatives; and the governor Kate Brown).
Candidates
The following candidates were on the ballot in Nebraska:
Joe Biden
Tulsi Gabbard (withdrawn)
Bernie Sanders (withdrawn)
Elizabeth Warren (withdrawn)
Polling
Results
See also
2020 Oregon Republican presidential primary
Notes
Additional candidates
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Democratic Party of Oregon Delegate selection Plan
FiveThirtyEight Oregon primary poll tracker
Democratic primary
Oregon Democratic
2020
CNTC may refer to:
China Tobacco, the state tobacco monopoly in China
National Confederation of Central African Workers
Drömmen om en vän in Swedish and Drømmen om en venn in Norwegian (in English The Dream about a Friend;) is a novel by Margit Sandemo. This was the first novel Margit Sandemo wrote. The novel was published in 1997, but was written as untitled in 1963. Margit Sandemo thought that it must have got lost, but found it again while she moved and cleaned up cupboards in her home.
Plot
"Drömmen om en vän" is the story of Lindis, a seventeen year old girl. Lindis has always felt as an outsider in the family, and after a rude comment from a classmate, she has almost stopped eating, and her weight is plummeting. One day her mother tells Lindis that she is not their biological daughter. Lindis gets really upset, and runs off to the sea to think. She falls off a small cliff, and is trapped on a narrow brim of beach when the tide comes in. A young man, Lo, comes to her rescue and Lindis, who believes that he is a geologist, helps him collect mineral samples. He also encourages her to start eating again. The next time they meet, Lindis realises that Lo is not a human, but an extraterrestrial being.
In the end Lindis travels with Lo and his superior to their planet.
References
1997 novels
Novels by Margit Sandemo
Dead angle is a battle term that refers to a location that cannot be defended against. It may also refer to:
Dead Angle, a 1988 video game from Seibu Kaihatsu
A location at Cheatham Hill in Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, once known as the "Dead Angle."
"Dead Angle", a song by the Japanese band Saver Tiger.
The Dead Angle, a short story collection by Aleksandar Tišma
"Dead Angle", an episode of the anime Golgo 13.
"The Dead Angle", a volume of the manga Monster.
Marzling is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
References
External links
Freising (district)
Roger A. Powell is a retired male badminton player from England.
Career
Powell won the gold medal at the 1968 European Badminton Championships in men's doubles with David Eddy. They were men's doubles runners-up at the prestigious All-England Championships in both 1969 and 1970.
References
English male badminton players
Living people
Sportspeople from Wirral
Year of birth missing (living people)
Walter Clarence "Buck" Taylor, III (born May 13, 1938) is an American actor and artist, best known for his role as gunsmith-turned-deputy Newly O'Brian in the CBS television series Gunsmoke. He is the son of Florence Gertrude Heffernan and character actor Dub Taylor. Taylor graduated from North Hollywood High School, where he became a talented gymnast. Actor Guinn "Big Boy" Williams sponsored him to go to the U.S. Olympic Trials as a gymnast, but he failed to qualify for the 1960 Summer Olympics. He served two years in the United States Navy.
His first important acting role was as Trooper Shattuck in the 1961 Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theatre episode "Image of a Drawn Sword". His other early roles were in a 1964 episode of The Outer Limits entitled "Don't Open Till Doomsday", and as John Bradford (Brad) in four episodes of the 1966 ABC Western series The Monroes.
Gunsmoke
From 1967 to 1975, Taylor played Newly O'Brian in the television series Gunsmoke. He replaced deputy marshal Roger Ewing after he had left the show. The character came to Dodge City as a gunsmith, and later became a deputy marshal. He reprised his role in the 1987 television movie Gunsmoke: Return to Dodge, where he played the city's marshal.
In 1981, the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum inducted Taylor into the Cowboy Hall of Fame, and awarded him the Trustee Award for his performance on Gunsmoke.
Artwork
Taylor attended the Chouinard Art Institute, and has been selling his watercolor and acrylic paintings of cowboys, Native Americans, and horses since 1993. Many of his paintings are of characters and scenes from movies and television series in which he has appeared. These images are made into prints, which are sold in various sizes. He is the official artist for many rodeos and state fairs, and creates their promotional posters.
Filmography
Film
1966 - The Wild Angels as Dear John
1976 - Pony Express Rider as Bovey Kingman
1978 - Beartooth
1981 - The Legend of the Lone Ranger as Robert Edward Gattlin
1981 - Cattle Annie and Little Britches as Dyamite Dick
1983 - Triumphs of a Man Called Horse as Sgt. Bridger
1984 - No Man's Land as Feeny
1990 - Big Bad John as Bob Simmons
1991 - Conagher as Tile Coker
1993 - Gettysburg as Colonel William Gamble
1993 - Tombstone as “Turkey Creek” Jack Johnson
1998 - Hard Time as Capt. Adam Gunther
2003 - Gods and Generals as General Maxcy Gregg
2005 - Truce as Harry Dodds
2006 - Flicka as Wagner
2007 - The Mist as Ambrose Cornell
2011 - Cowboys & Aliens as Wes Claibourne
2017 - The Road to Valhalla as Union Veteran
2016 - Indiscretion as Abe
2016 - Hell or High Water as Old Man
2019 - Trading Paint'' as Ben
Television
References
1938 births
Living people
American male television actors
Chouinard Art Institute alumni
North Hollywood High School alumni
Male actors from Hollywood, Los Angeles
20th-century American male actors
Western (genre) television actors
Piatra is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Piatra.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The 2007–08 season was the 109th season of competitive league football in the history of English football club Wolverhampton Wanderers. They played the season in the 2nd tier of the English Football system, the Football League Championship. The season saw them finish seventh, narrowly missing out on a play-off place only by virtue of goal difference.
This season was the first under the ownership of Steve Morgan, ending the seventeen-year reign of Sir Jack Hayward. Morgan had bought the club for the nominal sum of £10, with the proviso that he invested £30 million into the club.
Season review
The close season saw businessman Steve Morgan take control of the club for a nominal £10 fee in return for a £30 million investment into the club, resulting in the departure of Sir Jack Hayward after 17 years as chairman. The protracted takeover, originally announced in May, was finally completed on 9 August 2007. The announcement of the deal saw the club set out their future ethos:
After last season's unexpected play-off finish, hopes were high for the club to go one step further this time, with manager stating automatic promotion was his aim. The side was strengthened by signing Freddy Eastwood, Stephen Elliott and Michael Gray, but last season's Player of the Year, goalkeeper Matt Murray - who had only just recovered from a broken shoulder - missed the whole campaign after suffering a knee injury in pre-season training.
On the field, the team started the season inconsistently, but a strong October and November saw them push as high as third, just three points from the summit. However, an injury suffered by key player Michael Kightly seemed to severely weaken the team's creativity and preceded a dismal Christmas period that saw them pick up just 4 points from a possible 21, leaving them mid-table and without hopes of an automatic finish.
More players were brought in during the January transfer window, most crucially striker Sylvan Ebanks-Blake from Plymouth Argyle, who scored 12 goals in the remainder of the season, finishing the division's top scorer on 23 goals. However, his goals alone could not bring about a second successive play-off finish as the side finished outside the final spot on goal difference, two goals short of Watford. Despite suffering just two defeats in their final 15 games, several crucial late goals that were conceded in the second half of the season ultimately proved costly. Indeed, just two more goals on the final day of the season would have booked them a playoff place.
Results
Pre season
"Wolves XI" pre season results: 0–0 v Brighton & Hove Albion (26 July; home), 7–0 v Holyhead Hotspur (28 July; away)
Football League Championship
A total of 24 teams competed in the Championship in the 2007–08 season. Each team would play every other team twice, once at their stadium, and once at the opposition's. Three points were awarded to teams for each win, one point per draw, and none for defeats. The provisional fixture list was released on 14 June 2007, but was subject to change in the event of matches being selected for television coverage.
Final table
Results summary
Source: Statto.com
Results by round
FA Cup
League Cup
Players
Statistics
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|||align="left"|
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|||align="left"|
|30||0||2||0||0||0||style="background:#98FB98"|32||0||1||0||
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||||2||1||1||0||||||5||0||
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||||1||0||0||0||||||8||0||
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|||align="left"| (c)
|||0||1||0||0||0||||0||3||0||
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|||||1||0||1||1||||||2||0||
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||||||1||||0||||||1||0||
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||||2||0||2||0||||||8||0||
|-
|align="left"|||align="left"|FW||align="left"|
|||||3||2||2||1||||11||2||0||
|-
|align="left"|10||align="left"|FW||align="left"| ¤
|||||3||1||0||0||||||3||0||
|-
|align="left"|11||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||0||1||0||||0||||0||3||0||
|-
|align="left"|12||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||||||0||2||0||||||3||0||
|-
|align="left"|14||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||0||3||0||||0||||0||3||0||
|-
|align="left"|15||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|||0||0||0||0||0||||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|16||align="left"|||align="left"|
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|17||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||||2||0||0||0||style="background:#98FB98"|||||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|18||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|0||0||0||0||1||0||||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|19||align="left"|FW||align="left"|
|||||||1||0||0||style="background:#98FB98"|||||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|20||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|0||0||0||0||2||0||||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|21||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|||0||0||0||0||0||||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|22||align="left"|||align="left"|
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|23||align="left"|FW||align="left"|
|||||||0||2||1||style="background:#98FB98"|||||1||0||
|-
|align="left"|24||align="left"|||style="background:#faecc8" align="left"|
|||||||0||0||0||||||5||0||
|-
|align="left"|25||align="left"|||style="background:#faecc8" align="left"|
|||0||0||0||2||0||||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|26||align="left"|||align="left"|
|10||||0||0||0||0||style="background:#98FB98"|10||||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|27||align="left"|FW||align="left"|
|20||12||0||0||0||0||style="background:#98FB98"|20||12||2||0||
|-
|align="left"|28||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤ †
|0||0||0||0||||0||||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|29||align="left"|||align="left"|
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|30||align="left"|||align="left"|
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|31||align="left"|||align="left"|
|46||0||3||0||0||0||49||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|32||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||||3||0||2||0||style="background:#98FB98"|||||1||0||
|-
|align="left"|33||align="left"|||align="left"|
|||||||0||1||0||style="background:#98FB98"|||||3||0||
|-
|align="left"|34||align="left"|||align="left"| †
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|34||align="left"|FW||style="background:#faecc8" align="left"|
|||||1||0||0||0||||||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|35||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|0||0||0||0||2||0||||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|36||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|37||align="left"|FW||align="left"| ¤
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|38||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|39||align="left"|||align="left"|
|0||0||0||0||||0||||0||0||0||
|-
|align="left"|40||align="left"|||align="left"|
|15||0||0||0||0||0||style="background:#98FB98"|15||0||3||0||
|-
|align="left"|41||align="left"|||align="left"| ¤
|0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||
|}
Awards
Transfers
In
Out
Loans in
Loans out
Kit
The season saw a new away kit, navy blue with an old gold and white trim. The home kit remained the same as the previous campaign and that season's white away kit was retained as a third kit for this term. The kits were manufactured by Le Coq Sportif, Chaucer Consulting sponsored the club for a fourth season.
References
2007-08
2007–08 Football League Championship by team
This is a list of television channels that broadcast in Welsh language.
Current channels
S4C: general entertainment channel, news, documentaries, children's programmes, dramas, sport and films broadcasting in Wales.
Cyw: Children's channel on satellite with programmes in Welsh, with a range of home-produced and foreign dubbed programmes.
Bay TV Swansea: private television station in the Swansea Bay area. Mainly broadcasts in English, but has Welsh-language programming.
Previous channels
S4C 2: Welsh parliament channel, broadcasting in both Welsh and English between September 1999 and December 2010.
S4C Clirlun was a high-definition service simulcasting S4C's main channel between 30 April 2010 and July 2012.
See also
List of Welsh-language programmes
Television in Wales
List of television channels in Celtic languages
External links
S4C website
Cyw website
Television in Wales
Welsh
Steve Ellis is an American comic book artist and illustrator who has worked for Wizards of the Coast, DC Comics, Wildstorm, White Wolf, Moonstone Books and Marvel Comics.
Career
Ellis is the illustrator and co-creator behind The Silencers (with Fred Van Lente) and High Moon (with David Gallaher).
Steve Ellis' work has been featured on CD covers, computer games, trading cards, books, RPGs, magazines, toys and comics. Ellis worked for Marvel Comics, DC Comics, Wizards of the Coast, and Upper Deck, among other companies. His Dungeons & Dragons work for Wizards of the Coast includes interior illustrations for Libris Mortis, Frostburn, Lords of Madness, Complete Adventurer, and Player's Handbook II.
While acting as penciler and inker for Marvel Comics and DC Comics' famous properties like Lobo, Iron Man, and Green Lantern, Ellis has spearheaded such new titles as Wildstorm's Jezebelle and the Marvel/Epic lines' Crimson Dynamo. He has created the critically successful science fiction comic series Tranquility, his super-powered Mob epic The Silencers (with co-conspirator Fred Van Lente) and has had success winning the Zuda Comics online comics competition with fan favorite High Moon. He has also done numerous cover illustrations for books and games. Steve Ellis took over artistic duties on Green Lantern Corps for DC Comics during their "Convergence" event in 2015.
Affiliations
Ellis has been a Society of Illustrators member since 2000, and is a founding member of Drawbridge studio (Hypothetical Island/XOXO).
Awards
Ellis's creation High Moon (with collaborator David Gallaher and Scott O. Brown) won the "Best Online Comic" Harvey award for 2009.
Ellis was nominated for a 2010 Harvey Award for Best Inker. as well as "Best Online Comic" for High Moon
Ellis was nominated for a 2011 Harvey Award for Best Inker.
Ellis was nominated for a 2013 Harvey Award for Best Inker and Best Cover
Ellis (with collaborator David Gallaher and Scott O. Brown) was nominated for a 2014 Harvey Award for "The Only Living Boy" in the "Best Graphic Publication for Young Readers" category
Ellis (with collaborator David Gallaher) was nominated for a 2016 Harvey Award for "The Only Living Boy" in the "Best Graphic Publication for Young Readers" category
Ellis was nominated for "Best Artist" in the 2019 Ringo Awards for his work on "The Only Living Boy". His work The Only Living Boy Omnibus also received a nomination for "Best Presentation in Design" category
Bibliography
Acclaim Comics
H.A.R.D Corps
Ninjak
Amazon Studios
It Came In The Mail storyboards
AMC
Turn
Breaking Bad: The Cost of Doing Business
Breaking Bad: All Bad Things
Better Call Saul: Client Development
Archaia
Immortals: Gods & Heroes
Bottled Lightning
The Only Living Boy (with writer and co-creator David Gallaher)
The Only Living Girl (with writer and co-creator David Gallaher)
comiXology
Box 13 (with writer and co-creator David Gallaher)
Box 13: The Pandora Process (with writer and co-creator David Gallaher)
Dark Horse Comics
The Silencers
DC Comics
High Moon - Zuda webcomic imprint - with writer and co-creator David Gallaher
Green Lantern
Green Lantern Corps
Hawkman
Lobo
Image Comics
Deadlands: The Devil's Six Gun (with writer and co-creator David Gallaher)
White Wolf
Aberrant's Aberrant: Elites
Aberrant's Aberrant Players Guide
Aberrant's Aberrant: The Directive
Aberrant's Aberrant Worldwide: Phase I
Aberrant's Aberrant: Year One
Changeling: The Dreaming's The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner
Changeling: The Dreaming's Land of Eight Million Dreams
Demon: The Fallen's Demon Storytellers Companion
Demon: The Fallen's Demon: The Fallen Rulebook
Hunter: The Reckoning's Hunter Book: Avenger
Hunter: The Reckoning's Hunter Book: Defender
Hunter: The Reckoning's Hunter Survival Guide
Kindred of the East's Killing Streets
Mage: The Ascension's Guide to the Technocracy
Mage: The Ascension's Mage: The Ascension Revised Edition
Vampire: The Masquerade's Clanbook: Ventrue Revised
Werewolf: The Apocalypse's Apocalypse
Werewolf: The Apocalypse's Werewolf: The Apocalypse Revised Edition
World of Darkness (old)'s World of Darkness: Time of Judgment
DreamSmith Books Publishers
Tranquility (as artist, co-creator, and co-writer)
Scholastic Books
Confessions of a Teenage Vampire (as artist and co-creator)
Wildstorm
Jezebelle with co-creator Ben Raab
Gen 13
Marvel Comics
Iron Man
Spider-Woman
Crimson Dynamo with co-creator John Jackson Miller
All-New Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A to Z: Update (2007)
Darkhawk
Hulk: Winter Guard
Darkstar and The Winter Guard
Moonstone Books
Werewolf: The Apocalypse Bone Gnawers - 'Scavenger Hunt: Project Reaper'
Werewolf: The Apocalypse Fianna
References
External links
Read High Moon on Zuda
High Moon Production Blog
The Silencers on Moonstone Books
20th-century American painters
21st-century American painters
American bloggers
American comics writers
American graphic novelists
American illustrators
American male bloggers
American male novelists
American speculative fiction artists
Artists from New York City
Fantasy artists
Game artists
Living people
Novelists from New York (state)
Role-playing game artists
Science fiction artists
Writers from Brooklyn
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paddy O'Rourke (born 1960 in Burren, County Down) is an Irish Gaelic football manager and former player. He played football with his local club Burren and was a member of the Down senior inter-county team from the 1970s until the 1990s. O'Rourke captained Down to the All-Ireland title in 1991. He managed the Armagh senior football team from 2009 top 2012. Paddy's son Pauric was part of the Down minor team in 2008 and Under-21 team in 2010.
Minor & Under 21
O'Rourke joined the Down Minor team in 1977 Down made it to the Ulster Minor Final where Down Played Armagh the first game was a draw 0-08 to 1-05 Down would win the replay 0-11 to 1-06 giving O'Rourke his first and only Ulster medal Down made it the All-Ireland Final where Downplayed Meath Down won 2-06 to 0-04 giving Paddy an All-Ireland he was the caption of the team in 1978 but Down got beat by Tyrone in the semi-final. Paddy was part of the Down under 21 team that won 3 Ulster Under-21 Football Championship in a row 1977 1978 1979 Down made it the 2 finals of the All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship 1977 and 1979 Down were beat in 1977 by Kerry in the final. Down made it 2 Ulster Under-21s in a row beating Cavan for the 2nd year in a row in the final 0-11 to 1-06 Down were beat in the All-Ireland semi-final 1979 saw Down take the honours in Ulster for the 3rd year in a row beating Tyrone 1-09 to 0-05 Down would later win the All-Ireland beating Cork in the final 1-09 to 0-07 giving paddy his first and only All-Ireland Under-21 medal.
Senior
O'Rourke joined the Down senior team in 1978, winning an Ulster title by beating Cavan in the final 2-19 to 2-12. O'Rourke was a substitute. He came on in the semi-final. Down were beat by Dublin 1-16 to 0-08.
In 1981 Downplayed Monaghan in the first round of the Ulster Championship. It was a draw at 0-10 to 0-10. Down won the replay 3-4 to 1-9, O'Rourke scoring 0-1. Downplayed Derry in the semi-final. It was a close game. Down won 0-12 to 0-9. Down were through to the Ulster Final where they faced raining Ulster champions and archrivals Armagh. Down would win the game 3-12 to 1-10, a second Ulster winners' medal. Down were beat by Dublin in the All-Ireland semi-final 1-16 to 0-8.
O'Rourke won his first and only National Football League Division 1 in 1983, beating Armagh 1-8 to 0-8.
Down advanced to the Ulster final in 1986 where they met Tyrone. It was a close game but he ended up on the losing side as Down were beat 1-11 to 0-10.
O'Rourke won his first Dr McKenna Cup in 1987, beating Cavan 2-9 to 1-10.
Down advanced to the National Football League final in 1990 where they played Meath. It was a close game but Meath won 2-7 to 0-10. Downplayed Armagh in the Ulster quarter-final. Down won 1-7 to 0-8. Down would beat Derry after a replay 0-14 to 0-8 in the Ulster semi-final. Downplayed the reigning Ulster champions Donegal. Down won 1-15 to 0-10, giving O'Rourke his third Ulster winners medal. Downplayed Kerry. Down trailed 1-3 to 0-7 but Down won 2-9 to 0-8. O'Rourke led Down their first All-Ireland after a twenty-three year period. Down won 1-16 to 1-14.
O'Rourke won his second McKenna Cup in 1992, beating Cavan 1-13 to 0-7.
Management career
O'Rourke took over Down seniors in 2003, leading them to their first Ulster final since 1999. The match with Tyrone was drawn but Tyrone won the replay. He was manager of the Down team from 2003-2006. He led the Down under-21s to a Ulster title in 2005, beating Cavan 2-14 to 2-12.
O'Rourke took Armagh to an NFL Division 2 title in his first year. On 26 July 2012, following a defeat by Roscommon in the All-Ireland qualifiers, Armagh GAA announced his replacement by Paul Grimley.
Honours
County
Ulster Senior Football Championship (3): 1978 1981 1991 C
Ulster Under-21 Football Championship (3): 1977 1978 1979
National Football League Division 2 (2): 1982 1988
Dr McKenna Cup (2): 1987 1992
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship (1): 1991 (c)
National Football League Division 1 (1): 1983
All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship 1979
Ulster Minor Football Championship (1): 1977
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship (1): 1977
Club
Down Senior Football Championship (8): 1981 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1992
Ulster Senior Club Football Championship (5): 1983 1984 1985 1987 1988
All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship (2): 1986 1988
Down Minor Football Championship (2): 1974 1979
Down Under-16 Football Championship (1): 1976
School
Down Under-16 Vocational Schools Championship (2): 1974 1975
Ulster Under-16 Vocational Schools Championship (2): 1974 1975
All-Ireland Under-16 Vocational Schools Championship (2): 1975 1976
Manager
Monaghan Senior Football Championship (2): 2001 2002
Ulster Under-21 Football Championship (1): 2005
National Football League Division 2 (1): 2010
Down Senior Football Championship (1): 1997
Down Senior Football League Division 1 (1): 1998
Province
Railway Cup (2): 1983 198?
References
1960 births
Living people
All-Ireland-winning captains (football)
Burren Gaelic footballers
Down inter-county Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football managers
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
William Hunter (January 3, 1754November 30, 1827) was an American judge and politician. He served as a U.S. Representative from Vermont.
Biography
Hunter was born in Sharon in the Connecticut Colony to Rebecca Marvin and David Hunter. He attended the common schools. He resided near Ford Edward in the Province of New York from 1763 until 1775, when he moved to Windsor. He joined a Vermont militia company commanded by Captain John Grout and served in the Revolutionary War as an orderly sergeant and lieutenant, and took part in General Richard Montgomery's expedition to Canada.
He served as a member of the Vermont House of Representatives in 1795, 1807, and 1808. He was the register of probate from 1798 until 1801, and judge of probate for the district of Windsor from 1801 until 1816. He also served as Justice of the Peace in Windsor. He was a Presidential Elector for Vermont in 1804, and voted for the reelection of Thomas Jefferson as President and new running mate George Clinton as Vice President.
Hunter was an assistant judge of the Windsor County, Vermont court from 1805 until 1816, and was a member of the Vermont Council of Censors in 1806 and 1820. He was a member of the Vermont Executive Council from 1810 until 1813 and in 1815.
Hunter was elected as a Democratic-Republican candidate to the Fifteenth Congress, serving from March 4, 1817 until March 3, 1819. He was not a candidate for reelection to the Sixteenth Congress.
Personal life
Hunter was married to Mary Newell Hunter on January 30, 1777. They had three children together, all who died very young; William Hunter, Mary Hunter and Jonathan Hunter.
Death
Hunter died in Windsor, Vermont on November 30, 1827. He is interred at Sheddsville Cemetery in West Windsor.
References
External links
Biographical Directory of the United States Congress
The Political Graveyard
Govtrack.us
Our Campaigns
1754 births
1827 deaths
Continental Army officers from Connecticut
Burials in Vermont
People from Sharon, Connecticut
People of colonial Connecticut
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont
People from Fort Edward, New York
Sigma Editions is an independent record label founded in 1998 by Rosy Parlane and Dion Workman (both ex-members of Thela). It specializes in electronic music and experimental music.
Overview
The label began in Melbourne, Australia, relocated to Rotterdam, Netherlands in 1999, then to London, United Kingdom in 2000. The label is based in New York City. The name is a reference to Alexander Trocchi's plan for a utopian artist colony.
Artists
Artists who have released material on Sigma Editions include Parmentier, Rosy Parlane, Dion Workman, Minit, David Haines, Julien Ottavi, Vladislav Delay, and Joyce Hinterding.
See also
List of record labels
External links
Discography of Sigma Editions at Discogs
American independent record labels
Australian record labels
Record labels established in 1998
Electronic music record labels
Experimental music record labels
Record labels based in Melbourne
Joanna Douglas (born April 11, 1983) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for portraying Samantha Strange on Being Erica. She is a graduate of the University of Toronto and Sheridan College's joint theatre and drama studies program.
Life and career
Douglas was born in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. As an adolescent, Douglas had a difficult time in high school. Her mother allowed her to change school districts to get a fresh start. Her participation in dancing helped her to eventually make more friends. It was through dancing that she developed an interest in the arts. She then became involved with the drama program at her high school, which she enjoyed. However, her mother was not initially supportive of her decision to pursue acting.
Douglas described her role on Being Erica as a "wonderful opportunity". She also praised the writing on the show.
About her role in Saw 3D, she stated that even though she was in the movie, she has not seen any of the films in the franchise because they "terrify" her.
Filmography
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Actresses from Ontario
Canadian television actresses
Canadian film actresses
People from Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario
The election for Southwark London Borough Council took place on 3 May 2018, the same day as for other London Boroughs. All 63 seats were up for election.
New boundaries were used, using 23 two- and three-member wards (there were previously 21 three-member wards), following a Local Government Boundary Commission for England review that concluded in 2016. The review reflected demographic growth, shifting seats from the south of the borough to its northwest.
Results summary
Ward results
Borough & Bankside
Following ward boundary changes, this ward is made up of the northern two thirds of the former Cathedrals ward.
Camberwell Green
Champion Hill
Following ward boundary changes, this new ward is made up from the former ward of South Camberwell, but is significantly smaller.
Chaucer
Dulwich Hill
Following ward boundary changes, this ward is made up of parts of the former wards of East Dulwich, College and Peckham Rye.
Dulwich Village
Dulwich Wood
Following ward boundary changes, this ward was made up from the former ward of College, but is significantly smaller.
Faraday
Goose Green
Following ward boundary changes, this ward was made up of half of East Dulwich and parts of South Camberwell, The Lane, Village and Peckham Rye wards.
London Bridge & West Bermondsey
Following ward boundary changes, this ward is made up of most of the former Grange ward, together with the western end of the former Riverside ward.
Newington
In May 2019, Coldwell resigned from Labour in opposition to the then leader Jeremy Corbyn and the parties stance on Brexit. He now sits as an Independent.
North Bermondsey
Following boundary changes, this ward is mostly made up of the former ward of Riverside, but also includes an area previously in Rotherhithe ward.
North Walworth
Nunhead & Queen's Road
Old Kent Road
Following ward boundary changes, this ward is made up of the former ward of Livesey, a small southern portion of the former ward of East Walworth and a small southern portion of South Bermondsey.
Peckham
Peckham Rye
Rotherhithe
Rye Lane
St George's
Following ward boundary changes, this ward was made up from the southern third of the former Cathedrals ward.
St Giles
South Bermondsey
Surrey Docks
References
2018 London Borough council elections
2018
21st century in the London Borough of Southwark
Caenurgia adusta is a species of moth of the family Erebidae. It is found in the Caribbean, including the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
References
Moths described in 1865
Caenurgia
Febo Conti (25 December 1926 – 16 December 2012) was an Italian TV and radio presenter and actor.
Born in Bresso, Conti started his career as radio-host in Radio Italia Nord, and then in RTSI. He was best known as host of the RAI TV quiz show Chissà chi lo sa? (trad. "Who knows, who knows?") that put in front two teams of students from different schools with an encyclopedia as the prize. The show was a huge success and it was broadcast for thirteen years. Conti was also co-founder and, between 1975 and 1980, manager of the theme park Gardaland.
He joined the Grand Orient of Italy in 1966 and became Grand Master in 1973.
References
External links
Italian male film actors
1926 births
Italian male writers
Italian male stage actors
Italian television presenters
2012 deaths
Italian radio presenters
People from the Province of Milan
Italian businesspeople
Burak Yamantürk (born 23 December 1983) is a Turkish actor.
Yamantürk was born on 23 December 1983 in İzmit. He first studied submarine technologies and received diving lessons, afterwards deciding to pursue a career in acting. He began studying at the Istanbul State Opera and Ballet and eventually graduated from Mimar Sinan University with a degree in modern dancing. He made his debut with a small role in the 2011 movie Ayhan Hanım, which was eventually released in 2014. In 2012, he made his television debut with the Veda TV series, in which he portrayed the character of Kemal. In 2015, he joined the cast of Acı Aşk. He also had a recurring role in the 2020 period drama Ya İstiklal Ya Ölüm.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
1980 births
Turkish male television actors
Turkish male film actors
Turkish male dancers
Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University alumni
Male actors from Izmit
Ondřej Kopta (born April 17, 1995) is a Czech professional ice hockey left winger playing for Aigles de Nice of the Ligue Magnus.
Kopta began his career playing junior hockey for HC Plzeň before spending two seasons in North America. He played the 2011–12 season with the Texas Tornado of the North American Hockey League and the 2012–13 season with the Niagara Ice Dogs of the Ontario Hockey League before returning to Plzeň.
On July 3, 2014, Kopta moved to Mountfield HK and made his debut for the main roster during the 2014–15 Czech Extraliga season. He would go on to play in 58 regular season games for the team from 2014 to 2017. He also had loan spells in the 1st Czech Republic Hockey League with BK Havlíčkův Brod, HC Stadion Litoměřice, HC Slavia Praha, VHK Vsetín and HC ZUBR Přerov.
On June 21, 2019, Kopta moved to France and joined Aigles de Nice of the Ligue Magnus.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Les Aigles de Nice players
Czech ice hockey left wingers
BK Havlíčkův Brod players
Niagara IceDogs players
HC ZUBR Přerov players
HC Slavia Praha players
Sportspeople from Plzeň
Stadion Hradec Králové players
HC Stadion Litoměřice players
Texas Tornado players
VHK Vsetín players
Yolly Roberson is a Miami, Florida attorney and Democratic politician who serves as the representative for District 104 of the Florida House of Representatives. She was first elected to the Florida House in 2002 and then reelected successively to three more terms. She served as Democratic Whip from 2004 to 2006.
Representative Roberson was born in Mirebalais, Haiti on October 26, 1955. She earned her Bachelor of Science in Nursing at the University of Massachusetts Boston in 1983 and her Juris Doctor at the New England School of Law in 1988. She has worked as a public defender in Boston and as a senior assistant attorney general in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
See also
United States House of Representatives elections in Florida, 2010#District 17
References
External links
Representative Yolly Roberson official Florida House of Representatives site
Yolly Roberson for U.S. Congress official campaign site
Florida Democrats
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
1955 births
Living people
Women state legislators in Florida
University of Massachusetts Boston alumni
New England Law Boston alumni
Haitian emigrants to the United States
American politicians of Haitian descent
Public defenders
21st-century American women
The 1970 Paris–Tours was the 64th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 2 October 1970. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Jürgen Tschan of the Peugeot team.
General classification
References
1970 in French sport
1970
1970 Super Prestige Pernod
October 1970 sports events in Europe
The 1980 International cricket season was from May 1980 to August 1980.
Season overview
May
West Indies in England
August
Australia in England
References
1980 in cricket
The 2022 Istanbul Rams season is the first season of the Istanbul Rams team in the second season of the European League of Football.
Preseason
After announcing the participation in the ELF and changing their name to Istanbul Rams, they presented their head coach Val Gunn at the October 20, 2021. Further additions to the coaching staff followed suit. The first player signings were introduced on November 2, 2021 with Zachary Blair. The Rams combine was held on the November 22, 2021.
Regular season
Standings
Schedule
Source: europeanleague.football
Roster
Staff
Notes
References
Istanbul Rams
Istanbul Rams
Rams
Namuno District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique. It covers 6,037 km² with 211,737 inhabitants (2015).
External links
Government profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
Talk is the debut studio album by Australian artist Daniel Johns. It was his first full-length musical project since the hiatus of Silverchair and was announced in May 2011, but the album was not released until 22 May 2015 by record label Eleven, and it debuted at No. 2 on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart. The tracks "Aerial Love", "Cool on Fire" and "Going on 16" were released as singles.
Recording
Talk was created over the course of 2013 and 2014, with Johns actively pursuing a sleek neo soul R&B feel, influenced by artists such as Janet Jackson. While working with long-time collaborator Julian Hamilton, Johns also engaged the involvement of numerous production personnel—such as Lorde producer Joel Little—as well as Styalz Fuego and M-Phazes.
Release
A four-song single, "Aerial Love", featuring two tracks—"Aerial Love" and "Preach"—that would feature on the album, was released on 13 March 2015, reaching No. 21 in the Australian singles chart, giving Johns his first solo hit. Talk was released on 22 May 2015 by record label Eleven in Johns' native Australia, and worldwide in digital and CD formats. It reached number 2 on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart. The album also achieved some unexpected success in other parts of the world, coming in at No. 1 on the Slovakian iTunes albums chart shortly after release.
Reception
Like much of Johns' work, Talk marked a dramatic shift in musical styles, garnering polarized feedback from fans, although critical reactions were warm. In his review for AllMusic, Neil Z. Yeung declared that, Talk "is cohesive, ebbing and flowing as the grooves pulsate and Johns' lyrics of love and lust hypnotize. This is the sound of a grown man taking a stand, declaring his identity as an evolving artist in a new era."
Track listing
Personnel
Daniel Johns – vocals, keyboards, guitars
Maxime Bibeau – bass
Satu Vänskä – violin
Ilya Isakovich – violin
Christopher Moore – viola
Alexandru-Mihai Bota – viola
Julian Thompson – cello
Timo-Veikko Valve – cello
Julian Hamilton – keyboards
Damian – keyboards
The Australian Chamber Orchestra – strings
Charts
References
2015 debut albums
Daniel Johns albums
Eleven: A Music Company albums
, also known by his stage name Mondo Grosso, is a Japanese musician, DJ, record producer and composer currently signed onto Avex Trax's Rhythm Zone label. Previously he was signed to Sony Music Japan's FEARLESS RECORDS division and released albums under the title of Mondo Grosso (Italian for "big world"), showing influences of Brazilian music and language in songs such as "Maigo no Astronauta" or "Carnival of Colors." Over the course of his career he has worked in genres from acid jazz to house, with strong influences of underground club music, though his recent work has been in the genre of electro house. HMV Japan rated Mondo Grosso at #95 on their "Top 100 Japanese Pop Artists" and Shinichi Osawa is ranked as Japan's #1 electro house DJ and Japan's #3 overall DJ by TopDeejays.com.
Background
Shinichi Osawa was originally the producer and bassist for the popular Japanese musical group Mondo Grosso, which formed in Kyoto in 1991 on the For Life Records label. However, in 1995, after the group disbanded, Osawa concentrated more on his own material, collaborating with many artists such as Monday Michiru, Amel Larrieux, UA, Chara, Dragon Ash and even Ayumi Hamasaki. During his collaborative work in 1997, he became a solo producer, releasing the R&B-infused acid jazz and house album Closer.
He made a move from For Life Records to Sony Music Associated Records in 1999, where he began his own label. Throughout the years, Osawa acted as a producer for artists such as Bird and Eri Nobuchika. His 2000 album MG4 displayed the diversity of his production, fusing jazz and house. It featured the hit song 'Life,' featuring Bird. In 2003 he released Next Wave, a more traditional house album.
Osawa provided the hypnotic array of techno music on the popular PlayStation Portable game Lumines in 2004. He did not reappear as a composer for its sequel.
In 2007, Osawa signed to record label Avex Trax. Feeling that, in comparison to his previous albums, the sound reflected more closely his DJ sets and performances (performed under his real name), Osawa released his electro house album The One under the moniker of 'Shinichi Osawa' rather than 'Mondo Grosso.' "Our Song" was the initial single released in Japan, followed by the Chemical Brothers cover Star Guitar. Under his real name, Osawa has received more international attention, creating acclaimed remixes of Felix da Housecat's "Radio" and Digitalism's "Pogo." He also performed at Electric Daisy Carnival, which was his first performance in America. He is also featured in Clazziquai's Robotica album in a remix for Prayers by Christina Chu.
In 2008, he remixed #1-hit song Startin' by Japanese pop sensation Ayumi Hamasaki. The mix appeared on the album Ayu-mi-x 6 -GOLD-.
In October 2008, following a release of "Star Guitar" as a single by Data Records, Southern Fried Records made a digital release of "The One" in the UK. A physical release is scheduled for January 2009.
In November 2008, "Our Song" appeared on the 16th version of Konami's DJ simulation series Beatmania IIDX, alongside several other songs by Avex's House Nation group.
Osawa is currently involved in Ravex, a collaboration with fellow Avex DJs Tomoyuki Tanaka and Taku Takahashi established to mark 20 years of Avex. Their debut album Trax was released on April 8, 2009, and follows the release of the singles "I Rave U" and "Believe in LOVE" featuring BoA.
Osawa released SO2, the second album under his given name, on June 16, 2010 digitally and June 30 on CD/DVD.
In 2009, Osawa collaborated with Takeshi Kobayashi to form the duo Bradberry Orchestra. With the lead single "LOVE CHECK," Bradberry Orchestra released their first album "Vol.0" on March 16, 2011 in Japan through Avex. Songs from the album have been used to promote Sony's Xperia phone as well as SEGA's Yakuza Of the End.
Currently, Osawa hosts a bi-monthly online radio show called Date Line with fellow DJ Masatoshi Uemura on block.fm.
In 2017, he released the Mondo Grosso song "Labyrinth". The music video, starring actress Hikari Mitsushima, has over 27million views on YouTube as of January 2021.
Along with Australian artist RHYME, Osawa is half of the duo RHYME SO. They released their single "Fashion Blogger" in March 2020. In 2021, Osawa and RHYME opened The Nuts Exchange, a vegan cafe in Shibuya that serves Australian-Japanese fusion food.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
With "Mondo Grosso"
Live albums
Remix albums
Singles
Collaboration albums
Compilation albums
Mixtapes
Remix singles
Production discography
References
Further reading
External links
Official website.
FEARLESS RECORDS official site.
Shinichi Osawa discography at Discogs.
Mondo Grosso discography at Discogs.
HMV Japan Top 100 Japanese Pop Artists.
Date Line - block.fm
Living people
Japanese electronic musicians
Japanese house musicians
Japanese techno musicians
Big beat musicians
Sony Music Entertainment Japan artists
Ableton Live users
Musicians from Shiga Prefecture
1967 births
Ravex members
Ravid (, lit. "Necklace") is a small kibbutz in northern Israel. Located to the west of the Sea of Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Emek HaYarden Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
Ravid was established in 1981 by members of the Takam movement as part of the Galilee lookouts programme, including 10 families who had moved from cities. The site was land that had belonged to the depopulated Palestinian village of al-Mansura until the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, southeast of the village site.
However, after a social crisis, the kibbutz was dismantled. It was successfully re-established in 1994 by former members of HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed, and is now part of the Dror-Israel movement.
References
Kibbutzim
Kibbutz Movement
Populated places established in 1981
Populated places in Northern District (Israel)
1981 establishments in Israel
Lurdusaurus ("heavy lizard") is a genus of massive and unusually shaped iguanodont dinosaur from the Elrhaz Formation in Niger. It contains one species, L. arenatus. The formation dates to the Early Cretaceous, roughly 112 million years ago. Lurdusaurus has a highly atypical body plan for an iguanodont, with a small skull, long neck, rotund torso, and powerful forelimbs and claws, somewhat reminiscent of a ground sloth. Its metacarpals (wrist bones) are fused and reinforced into a large block, and the thumb spike is remarkably enormous. These would have allowed the hand to have functioned almost like a ball-and-chain flail. Lurdusaurus is estimated to have been long and high when on all-fours, but its stomach would have been only off the ground. It may have weighed , conspicuously heavy for an iguanodontid this size.
Paleontologist Thomas R. Holtz Jr. speculated Lurdusaurus may have behaved much like a hippo. It lived in a forested, riverine environment alongside the iguanodonts Ouranosaurus and Valdosaurus, the sauropod Nigersaurus, an undescribed titanosaurid, the spinosaurid Suchomimus, the carcharodontosaurid Eocarcharia, the abelisaurid Kryptops, and an undescribed noasaurid. The site also yielded several crocodylomorph species and a pterosaur.
Discovery
In 1965, Philippe Taquet discovered the holotype specimen at the Gadoufaoua site of the Elrhaz Formation, in the Tenere desert of Niger. It consists of a nearly complete adult iguanodont skeleton with a fragmentary skull belonging to single individual, which was given the catalogue number MNHN GDF 1700. He noted it had rather massive proportions, and in 1976 noted it should probably be classified into a new genus while briefly describing the material. Paleontologist Souad Chabli described the remains in 1988 for her PhD thesis, under the direction of Taquet. She named it "Gravisaurus tenerensis". However, her dissertation was never published. In 1999, Turquet and American paleontologist Dale Russell published the first formal description, naming it Lurdusaurus arenatus. The generic name comes from Latin lurdus "heavy" and Ancient Greek sauros "lizard", in reference to the enormous weight of the fossils. The specific name arenatus is Latin for "sandy" because it was found in a desert. They also referred a dentary fragment, MNHN GDF 43G, and a right coracoid, GDF 381, to the species.
Description
The tip of the snout may have been about wide, and expanded back to . That is, like other iguanodonts, it did not have a duck-like bill. No teeth were preserved, but MNHN GDF 43G preserves the tooth sockets for 10 tooth rows within . The quadrate bone at the base of the skull has an exceptionally low stature at , in contrast to in Mantellisaurus and in Iguanodon. Based on the ratio between the length of the snout and the length of the rest of the skull in iguanodonts, the total length of the holotype's skull may have been in life.
Lurdusaurus may have had 12 to 14 neck vertebrae. Therefore, the maximum length of the neck is . The neck vertebrae are about the same size as the dorsal vertebrae (the torso, before the sacrum and pelvis), whereas those of European iguanodonts 85–90% the size of the dorsals. Because Iguanodon has 28 presacral vertebrae, Lurdusaurus potentially had at least 14 dorsals. This would make the neck proportionally quite long, as long as the dorsal series. Compared to European iguanodonts, the dorsal centra are proportionally larger and have shorter neural spines (which project straight up from the centrum) and less steep transverse processes (which project up obliquely). Like all derived iguanodonts, the sternum is hatchet-shaped, with a rod-shaped projection caudolaterally (tailwards towards the side). The sacrum, based on the scars on the ilium begotten from sacral ribs, may have measured . Lurdusaurus could have had 15 proximal caudal vertebra (tail vertebrae which bear transverse processes), which would have represented a third of the entire tail series.
This would equate to a tail, and a total body length of . It may have been tall at the hips. Based on the length of the ribs, the stomach may have been less than off the ground when standing quadrupedally (on all-fours). Based on the circumferences of the limbs – for the humerus and for the femur – the holotype weighed approximately . This is conspicuously heavy for an ornithopod this size. For comparison, a Iguanodon approximately weighed . The headward dorsal ribs are preserved in their original positions, and show the torso was rather rotund. The diverging wings of the ilia and horizontally-orientated tailward dorsal ribs indicate a flat back about across.
The limbs are exceptionally massive and proportionally stout. The forelimbs are 60% the size of the hindlimbs. The metacarpals in the wrist were fused together into a massive block, which is also exhibited in Iguanodon, Ouranosaurus, and Camptosaurus. Like Camptosaurus but unlike derived iguanodonts, the metacarpals (except for the thumb) were short and dumbbell-like as opposed to long and narrow. Compared to Camptosaurus, the unguals (claws) are flatter. The hand features a massive thumb spike. The pelvis is proportionally short but powerful, somewhat reminiscent of a ceratopsian pelvis. The femur slightly recurves toward the midline like in ceratopsians, and is flattened anteroposteriorly (from front to back) like in sauropods. The heavily built fourth trochanter is located on the bottom half of the femur, like Iguanodon but unlike Mantellisaurus and Ouranosaurus. The tibia is incredibly short relative to the femur, respectively vs. . The metatarsals were too short to make contact with each other, and there was likely a fleshy pad to support the weight.
Classification
In 1999, Taquet and Russell classified Lurdusaurus as a derived iguanodont or an intermediate between the iguanodonts and the more derived hadrosaurs, based on the presence of a posterolaterally orientated (towards the back and side) process on the sternum, slight tailward expansion of the pubis, a reduced posterior process of the pubis, and opisthocoelus (concave posterior ends) neck vertebrae and front dorsal vertebrae. They preliminarily placed it into the family Iguanodontidae, though conceded there is poor resolution on its higher classification, because the fourth trochanter is almost suspended off the femur like basal iguanodonts, but the neck vertebrae series is long like hadrosaurs. They were unable to satisfactorily explain the evolution of such an unusual body plan.
In 2004, British paleontologist David B. Norman placed it outside of Iguanodontidae but still within the clade Styracosterna, which he defined as containing all iguanodonts with a hatchet-like sternum and flattened hand claws. He agreed Lurdusaurus is a more derived iguanodont. In 2005, Chinese paleontologist You Hai-Lu and colleagues suggested that the newly discovered and massively built Lanzhousaurus from China was closely related to Lurdusaurus, and the former was basal to the latter. He classified both of them as basal styracosterns.
In 2008, American freelance researcher Gregory S. Paul argued that because Lanzhousaurus has a much deeper prepubic process, the two genera are probably not closely allied, though such hypotheses are wholly unverifiable without more complete remains. Paul agreed that Lurdusaurus is more basal to Iguanodontidae based on its short, broad hands and massive thumb spike, but he noted that the contemporary and more derived hadrosauriform Ouranosaurus has similar hand morphology. Therefore, Lurdusaurus could be a basal hadrosauriform, but Paul could not resolve the matter any further until more complete remains are discovered. In 2009, American paleontologist Peter Galton placed Lurdusaurus at the base of Styracosterna and closely allied it with the Chinese Equijubus. He classified more derived iguanodonts into the new clade Iguanodontea. In 2012, Taquet agreed with Paul that it falls outside Iguanodontidae, but was also unsure how exactly Lurdusaurus relates with other iguanodonts.
Phylogeny of Iguanodontia according to Galton, 2009 (left) and You and colleagues, 2005 (right)
Paleoecology
In 2007, paleontologist Thomas R. Holtz Jr. speculated that "Lurdusaurus may have been the dinosaur equivalent to a hippo" as they both share a heavy, stocky body plan. He suggested Lurdusaurus, like the hippo, was a generally slow-moving animal on both land and water, but could reach high speeds when necessary. Generally, iguanodonts are thought to have been predominantly bipedal or facultatively bipedal, and Lurdusaurus, judging by the marked robustness of the limbs, was likely capable of quadrupedal locomotion for an extended period of time. Overall, with its unusual and massive body plan including a small skull, circular chest, powerful and clawed forearms, and flattened femora, Lurdusaurus may have been reminiscent of a ground sloth. In squatting position, it may have resembled an ankylosaur.
Taquet and Russell compared the fortified hand with its massive thumb spike to a ball-and-chain flail, and believed it was primarily used for defense.
Lurdusaurus was recovered from the Elrhaz Formation, and lived alongside the iguanodonts Ouranosaurus and Elrhazosaurus, the sauropod Nigersaurus, an undescribed titanosaurid, the spinosaurid Suchomimus, the carcharodontosaurid Eocarcharia, the abelisaurid Kryptops, and an undescribed noasaurid. The Gadoufaoua site has also yielded an ornithocheirid pterosaur, and the crocodylomorphs Anatosuchus, Araripesuchus, Stolokrosuchus, and the giant Sarcosuchus. It dates to roughly 112 million years ago during the Early Cretaceous at the Aptian–Albian boundary. Geologically, it is composed of almost entirely cross-bedded fluvial sandstone (the sediments were deposited by rivers), intermittently interrupted by migrating sand dunes. The presence of Nigersaurus suggests widespread forests with soft understory vegetation, such as immature ferns or horsetails.
See also
Koreaceratops
Liaoningosaurus
Spinosaurus
References
Iguanodonts
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Africa
Aptian life
Cretaceous Niger
Fossils of Niger
Fossil taxa described in 1999
Taxa named by Philippe Taquet
Taxa named by Dale Russell
Ornithischian genera
Tanner McEvoy (born January 26, 1993) is a former American football wide receiver. He played college football at the University of Wisconsin, Arizona Western College, and the University of South Carolina.
Early years
Born to Tina and Steve McEvoy, McEvoy grew up in Hillsdale, New Jersey. He attended Bergen Catholic High School in Oradell, New Jersey where he played football and basketball. McEvoy graduated from Bergen Catholic in 2011.
College career
McEvoy verbally committed to the South Carolina Gamecocks on January 20, 2011 to play quarterback. McEvoy redshirted his first year on campus. On July 30, 2012, McEvoy was arrested in North Carolina and charged with speeding and driving after consuming alcohol while under age 21. On August 7, eight days after his arrest, McEvoy announced that he was going to transfer from South Carolina.
McEvoy transferred to Arizona Western prior to start of 2012 season. McEvoy appeared in 10 games during the 2012 season at the quarterback position passing for 2,301 yards with 29 touchdowns and rushing for six more.
McEvoy transferred to the University of Wisconsin where he played from the 2013 season through the 2015 season. McEvoy played in 38 games splitting time between playing at safety, quarterback, and wide receiver.
Professional career
On January 13, 2016, McEvoy participated in the College Gridiron Showcase in Bedford, Texas. Unfortunately, McEvoy did not receive an invitation to the NFL Combine, most likely due to his time playing multiple positions at Wisconsin and not being a top prospect at a single position. On March 9, 2016, he attended Wisconsin's pro day, where he performed positional drills and combine drills, but chose not to run the 40-yard dash due to tendinitis in his knee. At the conclusion of the pre-draft process, McEvoy was projected to go undrafted and be signed as a free agent. He was ranked the 20th best wide receiver prospect by NFLDraftScout.com.
Seattle Seahawks
On May 1, 2016, the Seattle Seahawks signed McEvoy as an undrafted free agent after he went unselected in the 2016 NFL Draft. The Seahawks signed him to a three-year, $1.62 million contract.
2016 season: Rookie year
Throughout rookie minicamp, organized team activities, and spring training, McEvoy was used at the safety position. Upon arriving at training camp, he was moved to wide receiver and competed for a roster spot against Kenny Lawler, Antwan Goodley, Deshon Foxx, Kasen Williams, Tyler Slavin, Kevin Smith, and Douglas McNeil. Head coach Pete Carroll tried him out at tight end after Jimmy Graham and Nick Vannett suffered injuries and Cooper Helfet was waived.
In his first preseason game against the Kansas City Chiefs, McEvoy caught a 37-yard touchdown pass from Trevone Boykin as time expired, along with two other receptions to total 77-yards. The Seahawks went on to win 17–16 after scoring on the subsequent two-point conversion. Despite missing some time in training camp with a groin injury, McEvoy avoided the Seahawks' practice squad and won the fifth wide receiver position, beating out Kenny Lawler. Head coach Pete Carroll made him the fifth wide receiver on the Seahawks' depth chart behind veterans Doug Baldwin, Tyler Lockett, Jermaine Kearse and Paul Richardson.
McEvoy made his NFL debut in the Seahawks' season-opening 12-10 victory over the Miami Dolphins. On October 2, 2016, McEvoy made his first NFL reception for a 42-yard touchdown during the Seahawks' 27–17 victory at the New York Jets. He made the catch on a pass from Russell Wilson after Jets' safety Calvin Pryor blew his zone coverage and fell down, allowing McEvoy to become wide open for a 42-yard touchdown. During a Week 7 matchup at the Arizona Cardinals, McEvoy blocked a punt attempt by Cardinals' punter Ryan Quigley in the fourth quarter that was recovered by Seahawks' defensive end Cassius Marsh. The blocked punt and recovery helped send the game into overtime with a 3–3 tie, but resulted in a 6–6 tie at the end of the game. The following week, McEvoy received a lateral from Russell Wilson and threw his first career pass attempt for a 43-yard completion to running back C. J. Prosise in the second quarter of the Seahawks' 25–20 loss at the New Orleans Saints. On December 11, 2016, he had a season-high three receptions for 41 receiving yards and scored a 22-yard touchdown reception in the fourth quarter of a 38–10 loss at the Green Bay Packers. He finished his rookie season with a total of nine receptions for 140 receiving yards and two touchdowns in 14 games and zero starts. McEvoy was a healthy scratch for Weeks 2 and 10.
2017 season
McEvoy returned to training camp in 2017 and competed with Kenny Lawler, Amara Darboh, Marcus Lucas, David Moore, Kasen Williams, Rodney Smith, Darreus Rogers, and Cyril Grayson. He became the Seahawks' fourth wide receiver, behind Doug Baldwin, Paul Richardson, and Tyler Lockett, after the Seahawks traded Jermaine Kearse to the New York Jets.
On October 29, 2017, McEvoy made a 53-yard reception during Seattle's 41–38 victory over the Houston Texans. During a Week 12 contest at the San Francisco 49ers, he had a season-high two catches for 32 receiving yards in a 24–13 victory. Overall, in the 2017 season, he finished with five receptions for 113 yards.
On August 26, 2018, McEvoy was waived by the Seahawks.
New Orleans Saints
On August 29, 2018, McEvoy was signed by the New Orleans Saints. He was waived on September 1, 2018.
Miami Dolphins
On September 2, 2018, McEvoy was claimed off waivers by the Miami Dolphins. He was waived on September 25, 2018.
New Orleans Saints (second stint)
On October 2, 2018, McEvoy was signed to the New Orleans Saints' practice squad. He was released on October 17, 2018.
Buffalo Bills
On December 12, 2018, McEvoy was signed to the Buffalo Bills practice squad.
Tennessee Titans
On July 31, 2019, McEvoy signed with the Tennessee Titans. He was waived on August 31, 2019.
Tampa Bay Vipers
On October 16, 2019, McEvoy was selected by the Tampa Bay Vipers in the 2020 XFL Supplemental Draft. As a primarily specials teamer and depth player, McEvoy caught one pass for 11 yards in 5 games played. He had his contract terminated when the league suspended operations on April 10, 2020.
Personal life
McEvoy graduated from the University of Wisconsin with a degree in sociology in December 2015. His brother, Colin, played college football at Rutgers. His sister, Christin, attended the College of Charleston in South Carolina.
References
External links
Seattle Seahawks bio
Wisconsin Badgers bio
South Carolina Gamecocks bio
1993 births
Living people
People from Hillsdale, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Bergen County, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Bergen Catholic High School alumni
American football wide receivers
South Carolina Gamecocks football players
Arizona Western Matadors football players
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Seattle Seahawks players
New Orleans Saints players
Miami Dolphins players
Tennessee Titans players
Tampa Bay Vipers players
Shashank Singh (born 21 November 1991) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Chhattisgarh. He made his List A debut on 10 December 2015 in the 2015–16 Vijay Hazare Trophy. In February 2017, he was bought by the Delhi Daredevils team for the 2017 Indian Premier League for 10 lakhs.
In December 2018, he was bought by the Rajasthan Royals in the player auction for the 2019 Indian Premier League. He made his first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Chhattisgarh in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
In February 2022, he was bought by the Sunrisers Hyderabad in the auction for the 2022 Indian Premier League tournament.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Chhattisgarh cricketers
Mumbai cricketers
Puducherry cricketers
Sunrisers Hyderabad cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Republic of Korea Air Force Education and Training Command (AFETC, Hangul: 공군 교육사령부, Hanja: 空軍 敎育司令部), located in Jinju, was established 1973. The command is one of the major commands of the Republic of Korea Air Force. The total area of the base is about 1.1 million square meters.
History
The Command traces its origin to the Air Education Unit founded in April 1951 in Daegu. In 1952 it was moved from Daegu to Daejon, and in 1956, its name was changed to the Technical Training Group. A few years later, in 1973 it was changed again to the Air Force Education and Training Command. In October 1988 it was moved from Daejon to its current location in Jinju.
Current manpower
In 2005, the total number of personnel was 10,600 which includes 5,500 military trainees (1,000 officer candidates, 1,300 NCO candidates and 3,200 airmen basic).
Mission
The mission of the command is to provide specialized education and training for
elite pilot training
basic military training
technical training
technical high school education
reserve forces training
Air Force University
Located in Daejon, the Air University conducts professional military education (PME), graduate education and professional continuing education for officers, enlisted members and civilians throughout their careers. It is noted for courses in national security and military leadership, air operations. Other courses for military professionals are Command & Staff Course (CSC) and Squadron Officer Course (SOC), with total enrollment of 600.
Basic Military Training Wing
The wing consists of the Officer Training School and NCO Training School. The mission of the wing is to train officers/NCOs/airmen of ROKAF. During the basic training, Taekwondo, NBR, and marksmanship are taught. The wing trains about 25,000 annually.
Air Force Aviation and Science High School
With enrollment of 450, the high school is fully accredited by the Korean ministry of education and the students become air force technical sergeants upon graduation. The school curriculum includes subjects in air force maintenance, administration, and civil engineering. In March 2008, 15 female students were enrolled for the first time in school history.
Technical Schools
Air Defense Artillery School
The school offers training in ADA. Courses are on operation and maintenance and doctrine development. The number of courses totals to 33 with annual enrollment of 1,800.
Technical School
The mission is to train technicians for the air force. The courses are on weapons and maintenance, logistics and civil engineering with 130 courses being offered. Enrollment is to 1,100.
Information and Communications School
Teach information and communication fields info/comm/computer methodology and air traffic control. Sixty-two (62) courses enroll about 3,200 annually.
Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps
The mission is to train ROTC officers. The courses are on officer basics and provide basic military training. 140 enrolled annually.
27th Reserve Group
The mission is to provide wartime/peacetime mobilization training. Provides job related training such as marksmanship and road march. Enroll about 3,500 annually.
Foreign Language Institute
The institute provides English language training to air force officers and non-commissioned officers.
External links
Official homepage
Republic of Korea Air Force
Satu Mare Airport is an international airport located in northwest Romania, south of Satu Mare municipality, the capital of Satu Mare County.
History
Satu Mare Airport is one of the first airports in Romania, officially opened on 15 October 1936. The first plane that arrived at Satu Mare Airport was a Junkers 34 airplane, that operated the Cluj – Satu Mare – Oradea – Cluj route. The current runway was inaugurated in 1975. In 1996, the facility was designated as an international airport.
Airlines and destinations
The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights at Satu Mare Airport:
Statistics
See also
Aviation in Romania
List of the busiest airports in Romania
Transport in Romania
References
External links
Official website
Google Map - Aerial View
Airports in Romania
Buildings and structures in Satu Mare
Transport in Satu Mare
Airports established in 1936
1936 establishments in Romania
"The Family: A Proclamation to the World" is a 1995 statement issued by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) which defined the official position of the church on family, marriage, gender roles, and human sexuality. It was first announced by church president Gordon B. Hinckley.
History
Hinckley first read the Proclamation on September 23, 1995, at the church's General Relief Society Meeting, stating that the purpose was to "warn and forewarn" the world to the danger of deviating from its standards. In 1997, the LDS Church included the text of the Proclamation in an amicus brief to petition the Hawaii Supreme Court to reject same-sex marriage. The LDS Church has published copies of the Proclamation in many languages, distributing them worldwide, and some Latter-day Saints have framed the Proclamation for display in their church buildings and homes.
The Proclamation has been discussed and referenced in the church's general conferences as well as in many other types of church meetings throughout the world. For instance, the Proclamation and the associated issues addressed were discussed during the church's 2008 Worldwide Leadership Training Meeting.
The Proclamation has also been influential among leaders of other religious traditions. For example, in 2014 the Vatican's Humanum: An International Interreligious Colloquium on the Complementarity of Man and Woman featured several world leaders including Pope Francis and Muslim theologian Dr. Rasoul Rasoulipour quoting from or citing its basic teachings.
Contents
Although the Proclamation presents no new doctrines or policies, it provides an official statement of the church on gender and sexual relations.
Doctrinal assertions
Marriage between a man and a woman is ordained of God.
The family is ordained of God and central to God's plan.
All human beings are created in the image of God.
As a beloved spirit son or daughter of Heavenly Parents, each person has a divine nature and destiny.
Gender is an essential characteristic of human identity before, during, and after life on Earth.
"In the premortal realm, spirit sons and daughters knew and worshiped God as their Eternal Father and accepted His plan."
"Sacred ordinances and covenants available in holy temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints make it possible for individuals to return to the presence of God and for families to be united eternally."
God will hold parents accountable for the way in which they fulfill responsibilities to their families.
"Children are entitled to birth within the bonds of matrimony, and to be reared by a father and a mother who honor marital vows with complete fidelity."
Items of counsel
God's commandment to Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden to multiply and replenish the earth remains in force.
Sexual relations are sacred and properly take place only between a man and a woman, lawfully wedded as husband and wife.
Procreation is divinely appointed, and therefore life is sacred and an important part of God's plan.
Parents have "a solemn responsibility to love and care for each other and for their children."
Parents' responsibilities toward their children include rearing them "in love and righteousness," providing "for their physical and spiritual needs," and teaching "them to love and serve one another, observe the commandments of God, and be law-abiding citizens."
Happiness and success come through following the teachings of Jesus and through "faith, prayer, repentance, forgiveness, respect, love, compassion, work, and wholesome recreational activities."
"By divine design fathers are to preside over their families in love and righteousness and are responsible to provide the necessities of life and protection for their families."
"Mothers are primarily responsible for the nurture of their children."
"Fathers and mothers are obligated to help one another as equal partners."
Citizens and officers of government should "promote those measures designed to maintain and strengthen the family as the fundamental unit of society."
Warnings
Those who commit adultery or "abuse spouse or offspring, or who fail to fulfill family responsibilities will one day stand accountable before God."
Disintegration of the family will bring "calamities foretold by ancient and modern prophets."
Criticism
The LGBT advocacy group Human Rights Campaign has cited the Proclamation as an indication that although telling families not to reject children due to their sexual orientation and telling members to treat them with love and compassion, the church restricts those who believe themselves to be gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender from fully integrating into the LDS Church if they act on their same-sex attraction. Those who do act on their feelings may be disciplined in various ways including excommunication. Because discipline is administered locally actual practice differs geographically.
The church also issued this statement after the Human Rights Campaign's criticism:
Status
The LDS Church has characterized the Proclamation as a reaffirmation of standards "repeatedly stated throughout its history." Apostle Boyd K. Packer also stated in General Conference that it "qualifies according to the definition as a revelation and it would do well that members of the
Church read and follow it." It is particularly important because, although not canonized, the Proclamation is only the fifth such statement in the history of the church. The Proclamation was especially authoritative because it was issued in the name of the three members of the First Presidency and the members of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, each of the fifteen signatories being considered by members of the LDS Church as "prophet, seer, and revelators." The principles established by the Proclamation were cited by Latter-day Saints during the campaign by the LDS Church and its members in support of California Proposition 8 (2008).
See also
Proclamations of the First Presidency and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles
California Proposition 22 (2000)
Homosexuality and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of Mormon family organizations
The Living Christ: The Testimony of the Apostles
The Restoration of the Fulness of the Gospel of Jesus Christ: A Bicentennial Proclamation to the World
Notes
External links
"The Family: A Proclamation to the World", churchofjesuschrist.org
"'The Family: A Proclamation to the World' Reaches 10-year Milestone", churchofjesuschrist.org
“Gordon B. Hinckley reading The Family: A Proclamation to the World”
1995 documents
1995 in Christianity
Latter Day Saint statements of faith
Sexuality and Mormonism
Proclamations
Relief Society
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints texts
Works about families
Works originally published in Ensign (LDS magazine)
Young people and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Mormonism and politics
Marriage in Mormonism
Works by apostles (LDS Church)
Mormonism-related controversies
This is a list of world flyweight boxing champions, as recognized by the four major sanctioning organizations in boxing:
The World Boxing Association (WBA), established in 1921 as the National Boxing Association (NBA). The WBA often recognize up to two world champions in a given weight class; Super champion and Regular champion.
The World Boxing Council (WBC), established in 1963.
The International Boxing Federation (IBF), established in 1983.
The World Boxing Organization (WBO), established in 1988.
World
IBF
WBC
WBA
WBO
See also
List of British world boxing champions
References
External links
https://boxrec.com/media/index.php/National_Boxing_Association
https://boxrec.com/media/index.php/The_Ring_Magazine%27s_Annual_Ratings
https://www.hugmansworldchampionshipboxing.com/fly
https://titlehistories.com/boxing/na/usa/ny/nysac-fl.html
Flyweight
World boxing champions by weight class
The Cherry Hotel is a historic hotel building located at Wilson, Wilson County, North Carolina. It was designed by Charles Collins Benton in Beaux Arts style and built in 1917. It is a six-story, "U"-shaped brick building with approximately 200 rooms. The interior features a two-story lobby with Art Deco style lighting fixtures. The hotel closed in 1981. It was subsequently converted to apartments.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is located in the Wilson Central Business-Tobacco Warehouse Historic District.
References
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Beaux-Arts architecture in North Carolina
Hotel buildings completed in 1917
Buildings and structures in Wilson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Wilson County, North Carolina
Historic district contributing properties in North Carolina
The rufous-vented niltava (Niltava sumatrana) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is found in Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
rufous-vented niltava
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Sumatra
rufous-vented niltava
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ethiopia–Germany relations are bilateral relations between Ethiopia and Germany. Traditionally, they have the closest diplomatic relations characterized by friendly relations. The two countries established their embassies on 7 March 1905, and in 1907 by order of Emperor Menelik II, the German embassy moved in the current site in Addis Ababa. Both enjoyed favored relations and visited each other's countries on numerous occasions. Germany has an embassy in Addis Ababa and Ethiopia has an embassy in Berlin.
Overview
Germany views Ethiopia as one of the most economic partner for cooperation and development policies. Traditionally, Germany is the largest importer of Ethiopian coffee and many German NGOs are active in Ethiopia.
Culturally, they shared long tradition. Numerous holders such as German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) and Humboldt among other scholarship have been mediator of both cultures. Addis Ababa has a German school, German-speaking Christian community, the most frequent Goethe-Institut. In addition, Germany's Deutsche Welle is the most popular broadcaster in Ethiopia, primary in Amharic language. Germany's support of Ethiopia directed through multilateral relations primarily from the European Union, United Nations, World Bank and International Monetary Fund.
Economic relations
Until 2014, Germany was the largest importer of Ethiopian coffee, with 30% exports. Trade volume between the two countries has been a subject to fluctuations, probably from COVID-19 pandemic. Ethiopia's commodities to Germany are mostly food items, textiles and raw material, while Germany exports vehicles, machines, electrical and measuring technology and chemical products. Therefore most machinery products in Ethiopia are made in Germany. Since 2016, German heavy vehicle manufacturer MAN selling dissembled large good vehicles components to a customer in Ethiopia and assembly and training takes in Ethiopia. In 2017, Siemens opened its headquarter to Addis Ababa. In the following year, the Ethiopian Airlines and DHL (minority share) set up joint venture. In late January 2019, Volkswagen signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Ethiopian Investment Commission.
Cooperation of German and Ethiopian companies are growing faster. In 2007, a bilateral trade protection agreement signed in order to encourage wide-range investment to Ethiopia. There is not German chamber of commerce in Ethiopia as the chamber in Nairobi, Kenya covers in Ethiopia. 20 companies are at operational level, while 12 companies are pending in implementation stage and 9 in pre-implementation level. In 2017, value of Ethiopia's export to Germany estimated 195,084,746.33 million dollars while Germany exports was 232,167,643.69 dollars.
In September 2014, a Summary Record of the Negotiations on Development Cooperation between the Ethiopian and German government was signed. On 24 June 2019, they have Joint Ministerial Council.
Military relations
During the Second Italo-Ethiopian War, Nazi Germany was the first country to supply arms and munitions to Ethiopian Arbegnoch resistance unit against Italy due to objection over integration of Austria to Germany. This caused the Italian resources to weakened into prolonged war, and economic dependence on Germany and Italy's less enthusiasm on intervention against Austria, leading to Hitler's Anschluss in 1938.
Amid the Tigray War in November 2020, the German Military Attaché, Colonel Thomas Roberling visited Hurso contingent center in Somali Region, to build military cooperation between the two countries.
List of visits
From Germany side
President Roman Herzog (1996)
Chancellor Gerhard Shroder (2004)
President Horst Kohler (2004)
President Frank-Water Steienmeier (2018)
Angela Merkel (2007 and 2016)
Parliamentary Delegation (2011)
President Joachim Gauck (2013)
Federal Minister for Agriculture and Consumer Protection (2013)
Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier (2019)
Parliamentary Undersecretary Thomas Silberhorn (2014)
German Parliament Group (Bundestag) East African group (2016)
From Ethiopia side
Prime Minister Meles Zenawi (2002)
Meles Zenawi (2004)
Meles Zenawi for the G-7 meeting (2007)
President Girma Wolde-Giorgis ( 2008)
Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn (2014)
Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed (2018)
References
External links
German Embassy in Addis Ababa
Ethiopia–Germany relations
Germany
Bilateral relations of Germany
Bilateral relations of Ethiopia
The orange-cheeked honeyeater (Oreornis chrysogenys) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is monotypic within the genus Oreornis.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
orange-cheeked honeyeater
Birds of Western New Guinea
orange-cheeked honeyeater
orange-cheeked honeyeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
An abrasion collar, also known as an abrasion ring or abrasion rim, is a narrow ring of stretched, abraded skin immediately surrounding projectile wounds, such as gunshot wounds. It is most commonly associated with entrance wounds and is a mechanical defect due to a projectile's penetration through the skin. It is caused by a temporary over-stretching of the skin surrounding the projectile's point of penetration. Like all skin abrasions, the abrasion collar tends to dry out due to scraping away of the skin's outer layers and the collapse and dehydration of the underlying cells; it therefore becomes easier to discern with time. This defect is most often seen around rifled firearm entrance wounds due to the striations or grooves in the bullet's surface caused by the rifling on the inside of the weapon's barrel; however, certain other high-velocity projectile wounds can also have the same effect.
An abrasion collar is usually found in association with a contusion collar of bruising caused by damaged blood vessels in the skin by hydrostatic forces from the bullet's entry. An abrasion rim defect is also possible in firearm exit wounds under certain circumstances, such as if the skin at the exit was crushed between the outgoing bullet and an unyielding object pressed against the skin over the exit site, or if the projectile exits at an extreme angle. Careful examination of the wound under magnification may show signs of everted (outward-turned) edges characteristic of an exit wound. Multiple projectiles impacting in close proximity together, such as in a close-range shotgun blast, will usually still produce an abrasion rim or artefact, though the wound will likely be irregular in shape.
Factors and characteristics
Bullet wipe
In the case of gunshot wounds from unjacketed lead alloy bullets or dirty bullets, a phenomenon known as bullet wipe may be observed, which forms a ring of greasy residue known as a grease or dirt collar that overlays the abrasion collar and is caused by deposits on the skin's surface. Generally, these deposits contain lead from the unjacketed projectile or oil from inside the weapon's barrel, but they may simply be dirty. Studies using high-speed photography have shown that bullet wipe is caused only by the head of the bullet—instead of the body—because the skin recoils away from the bullet as it penetrates due to the force of entry.
Angle of trajectory
The bullet's angle of trajectory at the point where it penetrates the skin can influence the shape of the abrasion collar. This can be used by forensic pathologists in discerning an approximate angle of entry and is important in investigations of gunshot wound victims, where evidence of the gunshot's origin is necessary to determine whether the death was homicidal, suicidal, or accidental. Generally, if the bullet impacts at an angle perpendicular to the skin surface, the abrasion collar will be symmetrical, concentric, round, and evenly-shaped. As the angle between the trajectory and the skin surface decreases, the abrasion collar becomes more distorted and often more distinct at the point of entry, having a semi-lunar or "half-moon" shape with the broadest width pointing in the direction of the gunshot's origin. This is caused by the exterior of the bullet contacting and scraping over the skin's surface for a certain distance before penetrating the skin.
Bullet shape and velocity
The bullet shape influences the size of the abrasion collar. High velocity bullets with pointed, narrow, or spitzer tips, such as rifle rounds, and full metal jacket bullets are less likely to produce abrasion collars compared to lower-velocity, semi-jacketed civilian bullets, such as bullets fired from handguns, which have rounded noses.
If the wound is caused by a high-velocity rifle bullet, the abrasion collar may be smaller, but it may have minute tears in the surface of the skin surrounding the wound entrance. This is because the skin is not capable of stretching quickly enough if the bullet's velocity is too high. If the wound is made over bone, such as a head wound in the scalp, the abrasion collar may not be round at all; it instead becomes stellate or "star-shaped" with ragged and torn edges caused by the skin over-stretching and tearing. In the case of skull entrance wounds, the skin that includes the abrasion collar may be torn away because the underlying tissue is unable to flex away from the force of the bullet's entry.
Wound distortions
Towards the end of a bullet's effective range, it tends to lose axial stability and will begin to yaw or even tumble end-over-end. This means it may impact the skin while travelling sideways, and the resulting wound may be distorted, irregular in shape, or even slit-like, such that it does not resemble a conventional entrance wound. In this case, an abrasion artefact may be absent. Similarly misshapen wounds can be caused by the distortion of the bullet if it hits an intermediate object (including another part of the victim's own body, in what is known as a re-entrant wound) before penetrating the skin surface. However, careful examination of the wound under magnification may show the inverted wound edges and signs of an irregularly-shaped abrasion rim characteristic of entry wounds.
References
Medical terminology
Psycho-Expressionism refers to an artistic style created in the mid-1990s by Dominican painter Oscar Abreu, in which causal relationships that characterize specific psychological states are represented by Abreu through colorful brush strokes, scratches on canvass and the interplay between the background and subject of the piece.''
History
Abreu moved to Chicago, Illinois in 1994 and during his time in this city, Abreu's artistic talent and direction soon matured. The product of this artistic maturation was the creation of a style he calls Psycho - Expressionism. He named the style Psycho-Expressionism, short for psychological-expressionism, as a way to reveal that his works entertain psychological phenomena in a heavily emotive style, unique to expressionism.
Interpretation
Psycho-Expressionism is a culmination of distinct symbols that continually present themselves in Oscar Abreu's works. These symbols that are formulated through brush strokes, vivid colors, scratches and collages represent elements which Abreu believes make the human psyche.
For example, a pattern that has manifested itself in Abreu's most recent paintings is a set of small squares that surround a central figure. The central figure usually symbolizes a particular memory or psychological state. The squares account for routine and history; two components of the mind that according to Oscar Abreu, are not consciously entertained, but that play an integral part in the formation of our personalities. Thus, he places these squares adjacent to the solid background. He represents his squares with contrasting colors, or within the same domain of the background color, to expose and represent situations which we find ourselves every day.
The central figure is constructed with layers of colors, painted one on top of the other. After this is done he uses a spatula and scratches certain areas of the figure, with the intention to make clear that there is a past. Through the scratches, hints of different and previous color layers are revealed. This is symbolic of the evolutionary processes that transform our personalities and of our psychological histories.
Abreu paints in a piecemeal fashion to entertain the idea of reductionism. Analysis of his work reveals that in most cases his use of various colors represent emotions. The abstracted parts of his work represent the subconscious. The representational parts represent consciousness. The positioning of the subject's head represents the hemispheres of the brain. Finally, the layering of paints represent psychological evolution.
Abreu's artworks also act in a systemic way to entertain Systems psychology. Symbols in his work derive their meaning in relation to other symbols. The semantics in Abreu's work, emulate the casual Omni-directionality of understanding psychological phenomenon theorized in Systems psychology .
Psycho-Expressionist Exhibits
Some of Abreu's most notable Psycho-Expressionist exhibitions are titled: El mal de las drogas, Riverside Arts Center, Riverside, Ill. 1996; Huellas: La invención de lo visible, Museo del Hombre Dominicano, Santo Domingo, D.R.2004; Behavior of Memory, Alianza Art Gallery, NYC, NY. 2005; Irónicamente Absurdo, Alianza Francesa de Santo Domingo. Santo Domingo, D.R.; and Mi Psico-Expressionismo, Galeria Nacional de Bellas Artes, Santo Domingo, D.R.
References
Expressionism
Nitrocyclohexane is an organic compound with the molecular formula C6H11NO2. It is a colorless liquid, but degraded samples appear pale yellow.
Preparation
It is prepared by reaction of nitrogen dioxide with cyclohexane. Cyclohexane is a convenient substrate because all twelve C-H bonds are equivalent, so mononitration does not give isomers (unlike the case of n-hexane).
Hazards
Nitrocyclohexane is highly flammable and a strong oxidizing agent. It is listed as an extremely hazardous substance by the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, and the NOAA warns that it can be explosive.
References
Further reading
Poisons
Nitro compounds
Cyclohexyl compounds
Convulsants
Ghimeș-Făget (, pronounced: , or sometimes Nagy-Gyimes) is a commune in Bacău County, Romania. It is the only commune in the county that lies in the historical region of Transylvania.
Component villages
The commune, the seat of which is Făget village, is composed of six villages:
History
The village was part of the Székely Land region of the historical Transylvania province. It was first mentioned in 1600 as Gijmes. The area of the commune belonged to Csíkszék until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when it fell within the Csík County of the Kingdom of Hungary.
The village was occupied by the Romanian army between 13 and 20 November 1918. Shortly thereafter, the Union of Transylvania with Romania was proclaimed, and the village, like the rest of Transylvania, formally passed with the Treaty of Trianon from Hungarian to Romanian control in 1920. In 1940, the Second Vienna Award granted Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the village was held by Hungary until the end of World War II until the Soviet occupation, whereafter the Romanian administration returned and the commune's status as part of Romania was formalized in 1947.
Until 1920, it was a border village between Hungary and Romania and as such, it had an important and large railway station designed by Hungarian architect Ferenc Pfaff. The main building of the station was 102 m long and 13 m wide, comparable in size and elegance with the railway stations of Szeged and Fiume.
In 1950, as part of a wider administrative reform, the commune was transferred from Ciuc County to Regiunea Bacău. School education in the Hungarian language was abolished in 1965. Local teacher and school director András Deáky advocated for teaching in Hungarian and re-organized it after 1990. He also established a Hungarian language library from donations of the public.
Demography
In 2011, it had a population of 5,094; out of them, 2578 (51%) were Hungarian, 2282 (45%) were Romanian, 101 (2%) were Roma and 48 (1%) were Csangos. 59% had Hungarian as first language, and 39% Romanian. As to religion, 59% of the commune population are Roman Catholic, while 39% of them belong to the Romanian Orthodox Church.
Landmarks
On the right side of the Ghimeș Pass, on the pre-World War I Hungarian-Romanian border, the ruins of the Rákóczi Castle can be seen. It was built in 1626 upon the order of the prince Gabriel Bethlen. Later, it was strengthened several times, but today, it is in ruins.
The old Roman Catholic church was built in 1782, its registers are kept as from 1785.
The new Roman Catholic church was built in 1976, thanks to the efforts of parish priest Gergely Dani, it is decorated with frescoes made by Magda Lukásovics.
In its vicinity, 3 stone landmarks of the Austro-Hungarian Empire can still be seen (beyond the Rákóczi Castle, following the ridge).
At the foot of the Rákóczi Castle stands the railway guard house no. 30, the easternmost railway guardhouse of the pre-World War I Kingdom of Hungary.
A Csango country house set up by the ethnographer Maria Tankó Antalné.
References
External links
Website of the Roman Catholic Parish
Tourist accommodation
Datasheet of local Roman Catholic Parish
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Transylvania
Csángó communities
Székely Land
One Big Family is an American sitcom television series. The series stars Danny Thomas, Kim Gillingham, Anastasia Fielding, Michael DeLuise, Alison McMillan, Gabriel Damon and Anthony Starke. The series aired in syndication from September 27, 1986, to May 23, 1987.
Plot
Thomas plays Jake Hatton, a retired comedian in Seattle, who helps raise his nieces and nephews following the deaths of their parents.
Cast
Danny Thomas as Jake Hatton
Kim Gillingham as Jan Hatton
Anastasia Fielding as Marianne Hatton
Michael DeLuise as Brian Hatton
Alison McMillan as Kate Hatton
Gabriel Damon as Roger Hatton
Anthony Starke as Don Hatton
Episodes
References
External links
1980s American sitcoms
English-language television shows
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
1986 American television series debuts
1987 American television series endings
Television shows set in Seattle
Television series about families
Television series by Lorimar-Telepictures
Sandra Newman (born November 6, 1965 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American writer. She has a BA from Polytechnic of Central London, and an MA from the University of East Anglia.
Newman's first novel, The Only Good Thing Anyone Has Ever Done, was first published in 2002 and received a nomination for the 2002 Guardian First Book Award. The novel features an American adoptee from Guatemala named Chrysalis Moffat and focuses on events in her and her family's lives using an unusual style reminiscent of notes taken while composing the novel.
Newman's third novel, The Country of Ice Cream Star (2014), was among eighty titles nominated for 2015 Folio Prize, and among twenty works nominated for the 2015 Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction. The novel follows the protagonist, Ice Cream Fifteen Star, through a dystopian future United States while she searches for a cure for her brother's inherited disease.
Her fourth novel, The Heavens (2019), published by Grove Atlantic, tells the story of a woman who lives in the early twenty-first century, but who returns every night in dreams to Elizabethan England, where she lives as Emilia Lanier, a Jewish poet whose circle of acquaintances includes an obscure poet named William Shakespeare. The New York Times Book Review called it “a strange and beautiful hybrid.”
She is the author of one additional novel, Cake (2008); a memoir, Changeling (2010); and a guide to Western literature, The Western Lit Survival Kit: How To Read The Classics Without Fear (2012). She is the co-author of How Not To Write A Novel (2008) and Read This Next (2010).
Her fifth novel, The Men (2022), published by Grove Atlantic, recounts a story in which all people with a Y chromosome vanish from the face of the Earth. The book was controversial, with some critical of its focus on biology and exclusion of trans women. However, in The Telegraph, Claire Allfree cites discussion of trans women in the book, and in Publishers Weekly, David Varno says "The Men is at once accessible and surprisingly complex," and notes that "trans characters do feature in it." In a review for The Times, Jessa Crispin described The Men as "the most ill-conceived and badly executed novel of the year". In Financial Times, Erica Wagner wrote that the novel was a "confused and confusing book, a tangled mess of threads that never knit up into a satisfying whole." In The Spectator, Sarah Ditum called The Men "a gripping, haunting novel," and in The Telegraph, Nina Power called it "compelling and enjoyable."
References
1965 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Westminster
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
21st-century American women writers
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
Sheykh Mostafa (, also Romanized as Sheykh Moşţafá) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Some reports suggest the existence of Romani people in Morocco. Thomas (2000) states that "Xoraxane or Muslim Gypsies have been reported in Morocco. It is suspected that Kalo (or Calo) Gypsies from Spain have migrated to Morocco for business reasons. However no government statistics can substantiate this supposition. Similarly, it may be true that French speaking Gypsies or Manouche may have in the past or still today traveled and worked in Morocco but there is no evidence of this at the moment."
Phillips (2001) mentions rather speculatively that "Some Kali or Gitan are probably in Morocco." The available reports are not sufficiently precise to confirm the Romani identity or even existence of such groups, but if they exist and are of Romani origin, then they would have immigrated to the territory of the present day Morocco ultimately from South Asia, and proximately from Spain and/or Algeria.
See also
Romani people in Egypt
Romani people in Libya
Romani people in Syria
Romani people in Iraq
Nawar people
Robert Grant Haliburton
References
External links
Dom of North Africa: An Overview, C.F. Thomas, Kuri 1:1, January 2000 (Dom Research Center)
Ethnic groups in Morocco
Dom in Africa
Dom people
Carlos Henrique Casimiro (born 23 February 1992), known as Casemiro, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for club Manchester United and the Brazil national team. He is widely regarded as one of the best defensive midfielders in the world.
Formed at São Paulo, where he scored 11 goals in 111 official games, Casemiro moved to Real Madrid in 2013, and also spent 2014–15 on loan at Porto. He was part of the Real Madrid squad that won four Champions League titles in five seasons, from 2014 to 2018. In total he won fifteen major trophies at Real Madrid, including five Champions Leagues, three La Liga titles, one Copa del Rey and three FIFA Club World Cups. In 2022, he left Real Madrid to sign with Manchester United.
A full international since 2011, Casemiro was in Brazil's squad at the 2018 FIFA World Cup as well as four Copa América tournaments, winning the 2019 edition.
Club career
São Paulo
Born in São José dos Campos, São Paulo, Casemiro was a product of São Paulo's youth system. From the age of 11 upwards, he acted as captain to its sides; he was known as "Carlão" – an augmentative form of his first name in Portuguese – early on, and would be called up for the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Casemiro made his Série A debut on 25 July 2010, in an away loss against Santos. He scored his first goal as a professional on 15 August, helping to a 2–2 draw with Cruzeiro Esporte Clube.
On 7 April 2012, Casemiro scored the first goal of a 2–0 win over Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube at the Arena Barueri in that year's Campeonato Paulista after replacing the injured Fabrício early on, but was later sent off. São Paulo also won the Copa Sudamericana, with the player making one substitute appearance in a 5–0 home success against Club Universidad de Chile in the quarter-final second leg on 7 November.
Real Madrid
In late January 2013, Casemiro was loaned to Real Madrid in Spain, being assigned to the B-team in Segunda División. He played his first game in the competition on 16 February, starting in a 1–3 defeat at CE Sabadell FC.
Casemiro made his La Liga debut on 20 April 2013, playing the full 90 minutes in a 3–1 home win over Real Betis. On 2 June, he scored his first goal in Europe, opening the reserves' 4–0 win over AD Alcorcón at the Alfredo di Stéfano Stadium; eight days later, the move was made permanent for four years and a fee of R$18.738 million.
Porto
Casemiro was loaned to Porto on 19 July 2014, in a season-long loan. He totalled 41 games overall for the Portuguese side, scoring four goals, including a free kick on 10 March 2015 in a 4–0 home win over Basel in the last 16 of the UEFA Champions League.
Return to Real Madrid
On 5 June 2015, Casemiro returned to Real Madrid who activated his buyback clause, and two months later his contract was extended until 2021. On 13 March of the following year, he scored his first competitive goal for the Merengues, heading home an 89th-minute corner kick by Jesé in a 2–1 victory at UD Las Palmas.
After being mostly a reserve player under Rafael Benítez, Casemiro became first-choice under his successor Zinedine Zidane, and contributed with 11 appearances in that season's Champions League. In the final against Atlético Madrid, he featured the full 120 minutes, as Real Madrid won their 11th title in a penalty shootout after a 1–1 draw.
Casemiro scored four goals in 25 matches in the 2016–17 campaign, helping his team win the league title for the first time in five years. He then scored a long-range strike in the Champions League final against Juventus, helping his side to a 4–1 victory; he again found the net on 8 August 2017, putting his team ahead in an eventual 2–1 victory over Manchester United in the UEFA Super Cup.
During the 2017–18 Champions League, Casemiro made 12 appearances while scoring one goal, as Madrid won their third consecutive and 13th overall title in the competition.
He was a regular starter during the season, as Real Madrid won the 2019–20 league title.
In August 2021, he extended his contract until 2025. A year later, Casemiro was named Man of the Match, as Real Madrid defeated Eintracht Frankfurt 2–0 for their fifth UEFA Super Cup title.
Manchester United
On 19 August 2022, Real Madrid and Manchester United announced that they had reached an agreement for the transfer of Casemiro. Three days later, he signed a four-year contract with the English side, with an option for an additional year's extension. The deal was reportedly worth £60 million, plus £10 million in add-ons. He was unveiled on the same day at Old Trafford to the fans prior to Manchester United's 2–1 victory over Liverpool. On 26 August 2022, it was confirmed that he would wear the number 18 shirt last worn by Bruno Fernandes. He made his debut for the club when he came on as a substitute in a Premier League win away at Southampton on 27 August 2022. On 8 September 2022, Casemiro made his European debut for United in a 0–1 Europa League loss to Real Sociedad.
International career
Youth teams
Casemiro scored one goal in seven appearances for the Brazil under-17 team. He played for the Brazil under-20 team at the 2011 South American Championship and the 2011 World Cup, scoring three goals in 15 appearances in total at this level.
Senior team
Casemiro made his debut for the Brazil senior side on 14 September 2011, in a 0–0 draw against Argentina, aged just 19. He was named by manager Dunga in the Brazilian squad for the 2015 Copa América, but did not play any matches in the quarter-final exit in Chile.
On 5 May 2016, he was named among the 23-man list for the Copa América Centenario to be held in the United States.
In May 2018, Casemiro was selected by manager Tite for the upcoming edition of the FIFA World Cup in Russia. He made his debut in the competition on 17 June, playing 60 minutes in a 1–1 group stage draw to Switzerland.
In May 2019, he was included in Brazil's 23-man squad for the 2019 Copa América on home soil. In the final group game at the Arena Corinthians against Peru, he scored his first international goal to open a 5–0 victory, but was also sent off for two yellow cards and suspended from the next match. He started in Brazil's 3–1 victory over Peru in the 2019 Copa América Final on 7 July, at the Maracanã Stadium.
He was named to the 2021 Copa América squad on 9 June 2021. In Brazil's third group match on 23 June, he scored the match–winning goal following a Neymar corner in injury time, to help his team defeat Colombia 2–1. On 10 July, he started in his nation's 1–0 defeat to rival Argentina in the final.
Style of play
Casemiro mainly plays as a defensive midfielder, although he has also been deployed in a box-to-box role in the centre of the pitch, or even as a centre-back on occasion. While he is not particularly talented or skilful from a technical standpoint (although he was able to improve in this area under manager Zinedine Zidane during their time at Real Madrid together), Casemiro is an intelligent, physically strong, mobile, aggressive, and hard-tackling midfielder, with an extremely high work-rate. While he is mainly known for his ability to provide balance to his teams by supporting his more offensive-minded teammates defensively, and distributing the ball to them accurately after winning back possession, he is also a well-rounded midfielder, who possesses a powerful shot from outside the penalty area, and reliable distribution, as well as an ability to get forward with his runs off the ball, or start attacks with his passing. These characteristics also enable him to contribute offensively, or even score goals, in addition to breaking up plays. Moreover, his quick reactions, as well as his excellent positional sense, ability to read the game, and good anticipation, enable him to excel in a holding midfield role in front of the defence, by cutting out counter-attacks and shielding the back-line.
Often described as a "destroyer" in the media, he has drawn praise from pundits for his energetic and combative style of play, as well as his tactical awareness and abilities as a ball winner, which enable him to cover ground, track back, and press opponents. His tenacity on the pitch, exemplified by his fierce challenges and stamina, have led Marca to nickname him "The Tank." In addition to his footballing abilities, he also stands out for his competitive spirit, mentality, consistency, and determination on the pitch. Despite maintaining a good disciplinary record, he has, however, also come into criticism in the media at times over his excessively aggressive challenges on the pitch. Casemiro's playing style has drawn comparisons with that of former Real Madrid defensive midfielder Claude Makélélé, as well as compatriot Toninho Cerezo.
Personal life
Casemiro featured in a promotional trailer for FIFA 19.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Brazil's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Casemiro goal.
Honours
São Paulo
Copa Sudamericana: 2012
Real Madrid
La Liga: 2016–17, 2019–20, 2021–22
Copa del Rey: 2013–14
Supercopa de España: 2017, 2019–20, 2021–22
UEFA Champions League: 2013–14, 2015–16, 2016–17, 2017–18, 2021–22
UEFA Super Cup: 2016, 2017, 2022
FIFA Club World Cup: 2016, 2017, 2018
Brazil U17
South American U-17 Championship: 2009
Brazil U20
FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2011
South American U-20 Championship: 2011
Brazil
Copa América: 2019
Individual
UEFA Champions League Squad of the Season: 2016–17, 2017–18
UEFA La Liga Team of the Season: 2019–20
IFFHS CONMEBOL Team of the Decade 2011–2020
Copa América Team of the Tournament: 2021
References
External links
profile at the Manchester United website
Profile at the Real Madrid CF website
1992 births
Living people
People from São José dos Campos
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
São Paulo FC players
Real Madrid Castilla footballers
Real Madrid CF players
FC Porto players
Manchester United F.C. players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Segunda División players
La Liga players
Primeira Liga players
Premier League players
UEFA Champions League winning players
Brazil youth international footballers
Brazil under-20 international footballers
Brazil international footballers
2015 Copa América players
Copa América Centenario players
2018 FIFA World Cup players
2019 Copa América players
2021 Copa América players
Copa América-winning players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in England
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Cyrille Charles (birth February 15, 1977 in St Lucia) is a former Saint Lucian cricketer who played for the Saint Lucia national cricket team in Stanford 20/20 in West Indian domestic cricket. He played as a right-handed batsman as well as right-arm medium-fast bowler.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Saint Lucian cricketers
Windward Islands cricketers
Panagiotis Kourdakis (; born 15 August 1988) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Hungarian club Maglódi TC.
Career
Born in Kyani, Kourdakis began playing football with AE Didymoteichou. In 2004 after a trial he entered the youth ranks of PAOK. He has been loaned to several lower-level Greek clubs and made his debut in Football League 2 with Thermaikos F.C. in September 2008. He has also played for Pyrsos Grevena F.C. and Anagennisi Epanomi F.C. in Football League 2. He signed for OFI Crete in the summer of 2012 after a short trial period with the club. He debuted for OFI Crete in a 2–1 home win against AEK. Totally he appeared in 18 league matches for the club during the 2012–13 season. Kourdakis was sidelined in the 2013–14 season and was forced to train with the club's U-20 squad. On 8 February 2014 he signed a contract with Greek Football League outfit Iraklis.-Παίκτης της ΑΕ Διδυμοτείχου ο Παναγιώτης Κουρδάκης επιστρέφει στην γεννέτηρα του στην πρώτη του ομάδα μετα από πολλά χρόνια Δευτέρα 15 Φεβρουαρίου μία μέρα μετά του Αγ. Βαλεντίνου πράγμα που σνδεέται με τον έρωτα του το Διδυμότειχο.Οι φίλαθλοι της νέας του ομάδας του επιφίλαξαν τρελή υποδοχή στο αεροδρόμιο Αλεξανδρούπολης μετά την άφιξη του από την Κρήτη.Κίνηση της ομάδας για σίγουρη άνοδο της ομάδας στη Γ'εθνική.Καλη επιτυχία στην καλύτερη ομάδα με τους καλύτερους φιλάθλους
Honours
Anagennisi Epanomi
Football League 2
Winner (1): 2010–11
Personal life
Kourdakis was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2006. He managed to overcome the disease after a series of surgeries and chemotherapies.
References
External links
Profile at Onsports.gr
1993 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
PAOK FC players
OFI Crete F.C. players
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. players
Association football defenders
People from Didymoteicho
Footballers from Eastern Macedonia and Thrace
The 2020 Rhode Island Democratic presidential primary took place on June 2, 2020, after being postponed due to concerns about the coronavirus pandemic. It would originally have taken place on April 28, 2020, as one of several northeastern states in the "Acela primary" voting on the same date in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The Rhode Island primary was a semi-closed primary, with the state awarding 35 delegates, of whom 26 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the primary results. Joe Biden won the primary with 77% of the vote and all delegates except one, who went to Bernie Sanders, as he had narrowly missed the 15% threshold for more delegates.
Procedure
Rhode Island had planned to join several northeastern states in holding primaries on the same date (April 28), often dubbed the "Acela primary" in reference to the Amtrak service by that name. The other states that were to vote that day were Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania. On March 23, 2020, Governor Gina Raimondo, at the request of the board of elections, joined Maryland, Rhode Island, as well as Indiana, in delaying the primary until June 2 due to the coronavirus pandemic in the United States.
Voting took place throughout the state from 7 a.m. until 8 p.m. In the semi-closed primary, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15% at the congressional district or statewide level to be considered viable. The 26 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary. Of these, 9 each were allocated to both of the state's 2 congressional districts and another 3 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 5 at-large pledged delegates. Originally planned with 21 delegates, the final number included a 25% bonus of 5 additional delegates on the original number of 18 district and at-large delegates by the Democratic National Committee, 10% for the original April date, which belonged to Stage II on the primary timetable, and an additional 15% for the regional "Acela" cluster alongside originally five other states that would have voted on the same day.
District-level delegates were listed on the presidential primary ballot. Should candidates have been entitled to more delegates based on the primary results of the primary than eligible delegates presented, then the state party committee would have designated additional delegates at a special post-primary caucus, before voting on the 5 pledged at-large and 3 PLEO delegates. Both would have occurred on May 17, but was postponed first to June 6 and then to June 15. The 26 pledged delegates Rhode Island sent to the national convention were joined by 9 unpledged PLEO delegates (4 members of the Democratic National Committee; 4 members of Congress, including both Senators and U.S. Representatives; and the governor Gina Raimondo).
Candidates
The following candidates appeared on the ballot in Rhode Island:
Joe Biden
Tulsi Gabbard (withdrawn)
Bernie Sanders (withdrawn)
Elizabeth Warren (withdrawn)
Andrew Yang (withdrawn)
There was also an uncommitted option.
Results
See also
2020 Rhode Island Republican presidential primary
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Rhode Island Democratic Party draft delegate selection plan
Rhode Island Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
Rhode Island Democratic
The Untamable Whiskers (), also known as The King of the Mackerel Fishers and Les Moustaches indomptables, is a 1904 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès. The film is a showpiece for Méliès himself, drawing quickfire sketches of various characters and magically transforming into them.
Plot
Georges Méliès, after greeting the audience, makes a rapid-fire chalkboard sketch of his head, but adding a long medieval wig. Striking a pose, a wig matching the drawing magically appears on his bald head. Next Méliès draws an elderly, heavily bearded man, and then a monocled gentleman with sideburns, magically transforming into each character. Writing "comic excentric" (a French phrase for an eccentric comedian) on the board, he next becomes a clown, then a whiskery naval type in a bicorne. Finally he transforms into the Devil and disappears into thin air.
Production
Unusually for Méliès's work, The Untamable Whiskers is framed entirely in a medium shot. The film testifies to Méliès's skill at quick drawing; he had already put this skill to use in the A Lightning Sketch series, now presumed lost. The film's special effects depend on substitution splices and dissolves as well as on Méliès's talents for drawing, makeup, and character acting.
Release
The film was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 552–553 in its catalogues. It was sold in the United States as The Untamable Whiskers and in Britain as The King of the Mackerel Fishers, and is also known as Les Moustaches indomptables. Film critic William B. Parrill, reviewing European silent films in the 2010s, considered the film to show Méliès "in fine form. His zest in his series of comic transformations is almost palpable."
References
External links
1904 films
Films directed by Georges Méliès
French silent films
French black-and-white films
Balázs Sinkó (born 9 February 1979 in Hungary) is a Hungarian retired footballer.
References
Hungarian footballers
1979 births
Association football midfielders
Living people
Monori SE players
Szolnoki MÁV FC footballers
Budapesti VSC footballers
Vác FC players
Triptych Inspired by T.S. Eliot's Poem "Sweeney Agonistes" is a 1967 triptych by British painter and artist Francis Bacon. It is a part of the collection of the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C.
References
Paintings by Francis Bacon
1967 paintings
Smithsonian Institution
College Hill represents an approach to, and landing on, a plateau in the Central New York Region of New York, further located in the Town of Kirkland, west of Clinton. Hamilton College is set on College Hill.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Ahmadabad-e Posht Kan (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Posht Kan; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Court Theatre (German: Burgtheater) is a 1936 Austrian drama film directed by Willi Forst and starring Werner Krauss, Carl Esmond and Hortense Raky.
Much of the film was shot on location in the Burgtheater in Vienna. The Sievering Studios were also used for the production. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Kurt Herlth, Werner Schlichting and Emil Stepanek.
Main cast
Werner Krauss as Friedrich Mitterer
Carl Esmond as Josef Rainer
Hortense Raky as Leni Schindler
Olga Chekhova as Baroness Seebach
Hans Moser as Souffleur Sedlmayer
Karl Günther as Baron Seebach
Karl Skraup as Schindler
Josefine Dora as Frau Schindler
Franz Herterich as Direktor des Burgtheaters
Erik Frey as Schauspieler des Burgtheaters
O. W. Fischer as Schauspieler des Burgtheaters
Maria Holst as Fritzi
Camilla Gerzhofer as Frau von S. Gesellschaftsdame
Karl Paryla as Erster junger Schauspieler
Fred Steinbacher as Zweiter junger Schauspieler
Marietta Weber as Erste Schauspielerin
Kurt von Lessen as Der Kritiker
Georg Schmieter as Opernsänger
Babette Devrient as Fürstin
Rudolf Teubler as Majordomus
Irma Eckert as Zofe
Otto Hartmann as Vorsprechender Schauspieler
Maria Lehdin as Gretchen
Marie Hilde as Lintschi
August Keilholz as Diener
Ady Berber as Heurigensänger
References
Bibliography
Robert Dassanowsky. Austrian Cinema: A History. McFarland, 2005.
External links
1936 films
1930s German-language films
Films about actors
Films set in the 1900s
Films set in Vienna
Films directed by Willi Forst
1930s historical drama films
Austrian historical drama films
Films shot at Sievering Studios
Austrian black-and-white films
1936 drama films
This is a list of defunct airlines of Hungary.
See also
List of airlines of Hungary
List of airports in Hungary
References
Hungary
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
Archimède was the only submarine of her class built for the French Navy during the first decade of the 20th century.
See also
List of submarines of France
Citations
Bibliography
World War I submarines of France
1909 ships
Submarine classes
Lawrence William Kubin Jr. (born February 26, 1959) is a former American football linebacker who played in the National Football League (NFL) with the Washington Redskins from 1981 to 1984 (including two Super Bowls XVII and XVIII), and in 1985 with the Buffalo Bills and Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He played college football at Penn State University, where he set a new record of 30 sacks for Penn State.
Kubin played high school football at Union High School in Union, New Jersey.
References
1959 births
Living people
Washington Redskins players
Buffalo Bills players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Penn State Nittany Lions football players
American football linebackers
People from Union Township, Union County, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Sportspeople from the New York metropolitan area
Union High School (New Jersey) alumni
Sankarism (also written Sankaraism) is a term sometimes applied to denote a left-wing ideological trend within the politics of Burkina Faso, a landlocked country in West Africa, as well as the policies of the military government led by Captain Thomas Sankara. Sankara came to power in what was then the Republic of Upper Volta in a popularly supported 1983 military coup, and ruled until his assassination in a coup led by Blaise Compaoré in 1987.
There is a strong political dissonance between the movements which ascribe to Sankara's political legacy and ideals, a fact which the Burkinabé opposition politician Bénéwendé Stanislas Sankara (no relation) described in 2001 as being "due to a lack of definition of the concept." The "Sankarists" range from communists and more moderate socialists to nationalists and populists.
History
During his time in power, Sankara – a well-known war veteran noted for his charisma – attempted to bring about what he called the "Democratic and Popular Revolution" (), a radical transformation of society with a focus on self-sufficiency. A number of organizations were formed to implement this revolution, among them the Committees for the Defense of the Revolution, the Popular Revolutionary Tribunals and the Pioneers of the Revolution. A vast number of reforms were enacted in the newly renamed Burkina Faso between 1983 and 1987, including mass vaccination programs, reforestation, elimination of slums through new housing developments, and the development of national infrastructure such as railway networks. Most of these were undone after the military coup which ousted and killed Sankara. Prior to his death, the Burkinabé government faced significant allegations of human rights abuses from Amnesty International and other international organizations, including extrajudicial executions, arbitrary detentions and torture of political opponents.
Even after the death of Thomas Sankara his legacy lived on, much due to his charismatic personal image. Sometimes dubbed the "Che Guevara of Africa" due to his similarities in style to the Argentinian revolutionary and the inspiration he took from the Cuban Revolution, Sankara became known for his frugal living, motorcycle riding, guitar playing, and opposition to the cult of personality, all personal traits which set him aside from contemporary African statesmen. For example, when asked why he didn't want his portrait hung in public places, as was the norm for other leaders on the continent, he replied "There are seven million Thomas Sankaras." Ideologically, Sankara was a pan-Africanist and anti-imperialist who sought to reclaim the African identity of his nation and opposed neocolonialism, and a communist who studied the works of Karl Marx and Vladimir Lenin.
One of the first groups to connect ideologically with the label of "Sankarism" was the Sankarist Movement, formed in exile in Paris only weeks after Sankara's assassination on 15 October 1987. Since then, self-identified Sankarist political parties and other organizations have been a common feature within the Burkinabé opposition movement against the government of President Compaoré. Many Sankarist leaders have a past in either Sankara's government or in the organizations he created. For example, Ernest Nongma Ouédraogo – leader of the Sankarist Pan-African Convention – was Minister of Security under Sankara, and Sams'K Le Jah – leader of the Citizens' Broom () – received his political education as a teenager in the Pioneer movement.
The Sankarists have been prominent in both the 2011 Burkinabé protests and the 2014 Burkinabé uprising. The latter successfully overthrew President Blaise Compaoré in late October 2014, forcing the leader to resign and flee the country to the Ivory Coast and causing a military takeover. Thomas Sankara has been cited as a major inspiration for the protesters, some going as far as dubbing the uprising the "Revolution 2.0" in reference to Sankara's "Democratic and Popular Revolution" during the 1980s.
Sankarist organisations
Burkina Faso
Historical and current Sankarist groups include:
Burkinabé Party for Refoundation
Burkinabé Socialist Bloc
Convergence for Social Democracy
Convergence of Hope
Current of Democrats Faithful to the Ideal of Thomas Sankara
Democratic and Popular Rally
Movement for Tolerance and Progress
National Patriots' Party
Party of Social Democracy
Sankara Collective
Sankarist Democratic Front
Sankarist Movement
Sankarist Pan-African Convention
Social Forces Front
The Citizens' Broom
Union for Rebirth / Sankarist Movement
Union of Sankarist Parties
Abroad
The Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) is a Black nationalist, far-left political party in South Africa, founded in 2013 by Julius Malema, the controversial former President of the African National Congress Youth League. The party is currently the third-largest party in both houses of the South African parliament, receiving 1,169,259 votes and a 6.35% share of the vote in the 2014 general election. The EFF claims to take significant inspiration from Sankara in terms of both style and ideology. In a May 2014 column, the prominent EFF member Jackie Shandu declared his party a "proudly Sankarist formation". Expelled from that party, Andile Mngxitama founded Black First Land First in 2015, with black consciousness and Pan-Africanist policies and a Sankarist leadership ethos.
Didier Awadi, a Senegalese hip hop musician and one of the most prominent rappers in Francophone West Africa, describes Thomas Sankara as his greatest inspiration politically. He has recorded several songs referring to Sankara, and visited the killed leader's family in Burkina Faso. In 2003 he formed "Studio Sankara", a music label and recording studio.
See also
African socialism
History of Burkina Faso
Jerry Rawlings
Nkrumaism
References
Communism in Burkina Faso
Pan-Africanism in Africa
Political ideologies
Political movements in Burkina Faso
Eponymous political ideologies
Socialism in Burkina Faso
Types of socialism
A photovoltaic keyboard is a wireless computer keyboard that charges its batteries from a light source such as the sun or interior lighting, addressing a major drawback of wireless computer peripherals that otherwise require regular replacement of discharged batteries.
The first keyboard that was solar-powered was Logitech K750 that was announced by the company in 2010. In 2018 Microsoft filed a patent describing how solar panels could be used to extend battery life for Microsoft's Surface Pro.
Logitech K750
The Logitech K750 has a set of photovoltaic cells on the top edge, charges from any light source including sunlight and under a standard bulb, can work up to three months in total darkness, and includes software to display battery charging status. It is a fullsized keyboard, including the usual movement keys and NumPad section on the right side, with low-profile keys much like a laptop.
There are two models, compatible with Windows or Macintosh operating systems.
Even though the keyboard is not officially supported in Linux, a third party application named Solaar provides functionality akin to the original Logitech software, such as battery and connection status indications, and allows device pairing/unpairing.
Logitech K760
Another Logitech keyboard, the K760, is also PV powered, is highly useful. It is smaller than the Logitech K750 and communicates with the computer via Bluetooth.
References
External links
Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard K750
Computer keyboards
Applications of photovoltaics
The red-chested sunbird (Cinnyris erythrocercus) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Taxonomy and systematics
The red-chested sunbird was originally described as Nectarinia erythrocercus by Gustav Hartlaub in 1857 based on specimens from near the White Nile.
References
red-chested sunbird
Birds of East Africa
red-chested sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Four Dutch ships of the Admiralty of Amsterdam (one of five regional navies within the United Provinces of the Netherlands) have borne the name Batavier or Batavia, named after the ancient Germanic tribe of the Batavi, who inhabited the region of Batavia around Nijmegen:
The 24-gun frigate built at Amsterdam in 1692 and burnt by the French after being stranded on a sandbank in August 1695
The 52-gun ship of the line built at Amsterdam in 1699, which was broken up in 1725
The 64-gun ship of the line built at Amsterdam, in 1746, which was broken up in 1778
The 50-gun ship of the line built at Amsterdam in 1779, which in 1795 was taken over by the Batavian Republic and in 1799 was captured by and incorporated into the British Navy
Naval ship names of the Netherlands
Daniel Spengler (born 21 June 1966) is a Swiss handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1966 births
Living people
Swiss male handball players
Olympic handball players of Switzerland
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
"Soul and Fire" is a 1993 song by Sebadoh. It is the first song on their 1993 album Bubble & Scrape. It was released as a CD single, 7" vinyl record, and 12" vinyl single.
The song was inspired by Lou Barlow's breakup with his then girlfriend, Kathleen Billus. The song affected Billus so profoundly, that it brought the two back together. Portland Mercury considered the song "one of the most brutal and poignant portraits of a breakup ever conceived."
Critical reception
The song has been widely praised. Many critics consider it among Barlow's best songs, and one of the best indie rock songs of its time. Pitchfork called it "preternaturally melodic, verging on sing-song...and stacked with plangent guitar clang, flag-waving choruses, and 16-wheeler loads of romantic baggage."
In a "Song of the Day" review, NPR wrote that it "conveys a knotty bundle of conflicting emotions." The A.V. Club called it 1993's best single.
Track listing
US 7" Single (SP211)
"Soul and Fire"
"Reject"
"Sister"
"Bouquet for a Siren"
The versions of "Sister" and "Bouquet for a Siren" are different from those which appear on Bubble & Scrape.
UK CD and 12" Single (RUG4)
"Soul and Fire"
"Fantastic Disaster (Amateur mix)"
"Emma Get Wild"
"Reject" (Necros cover)
"Flood"
"Showtape '91"
The versions of "Emma Get Wild" and "Flood" are different from those which appear on Bubble & Scrape.
References
Sebadoh songs
1993 singles
Sub Pop singles
1993 songs
Songs written by Lou Barlow
Events in the year 1919 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
17 August – The Bulgarian Agrarian National Union, which won 77 of the 236 seats in the parliament following parliamentary elections. Voter turnout was 54.5%.
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Saturnino López Novoa (29 November 1830 – 12 March 1905) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest and the co-founder of the Hermanitas de los Ancianos Desamparados that he established with Saint Teresa de Jesús Jornet e Ibars. He lived with his aunt since his childhood and after he was ordained as a priest served his uncle who had been appointed as a bishop for the Huesca diocese. Novoa served his uncle as his aide until the latter died in Rome during the First Vatican Council at which Novoa served as his uncle's theological consultant. He continued to minister to the poor and ill following his uncle's death and set out establishing new houses and facilities for his religious congregation.
Novoa's beatification process had been called for since his death since the people in Huesca and Barbastro came to revere him as a saint. The process was not launched until the 1990s when he became titled as a Servant of God. The cause culminated in mid-2014 after Pope Francis recognized his heroic virtue and titled him as Venerable.
Life
Saturnino López Novoa was born in Sigüenza in Guadalajara on 29 November 1830 at 9:00am as the first of three children to Julián López Muñoz and Ildefonsa Novoa Bueno (1802-1835). His two brothers following him were Silverio (b. 1832) and Justa. Novoa was baptized on 30 November and named in honor of Saint Saturnino. His mother died in 1835 when he was five after she gave birth to Justa who died just over two weeks later. One cousin of his was María Magro Novoa.
His father Julián desired becoming a priest to the point that he had received the tonsure and had been doing his philosophical studies. But he decided to do music and work with the cathedral choir before his ordination though in 1827 abandoned his intention to become a priest and instead decided to be married.
It was after his mother died that he went to Berlanga de Duero where he lived with his maternal aunt Manuela (born in 1771 in Las Inviernas). He accompanied Manuela in visiting the poor and distributing bread to them that she baked at home for them. His aunt was married with eleven children who all died as infants or children; her husband Juan de Dios Gil (Novoa's uncle) was a shoemaker. In 1838 he and his aunt relocated to live with Novoa's uncle Basilio Gil i Bueno who had been ordained as a priest in 1835. In autumn 1838 he started his studies in Latin under the canon Miguel Ormazábal and it was just after this that his father remarried in 1840 to Antonia Arauzo (their child Guillermo was born in 1841). It was around 1840 that he received both his First Communion and Confirmation. His father also worked in the local council but was fired and so managed a store to provide income for his newborn son and wife.
He commenced his ecclesial studies in 1842 and he was able to assume the cassock for the first time following the obtaining of a scholarship on 28 September 1846. Novoa was given the tonsure alongside his brother Silverio in Sigüenza on 21 June 1848 while their aunt Manuela died on 25 January 1849 but he did not hear this news until less than a week later. He finished his ecclesial studies (which included Greek) in 1852 but could not be ordained at that time since he had not reached the canonical age nor had he received a dispensation for such. On 12 March 1853 he received the minor orders while being made a subdeacon on 3 March 1854 and then a deacon on 2 June. Novoa received his ordination to the priesthood on 22 September 1854 (receiving those three ordinations from the Bishop of Huesca Pedro de Zarandía i Endara since the Bishop of Barbastro was ill) and celebrated his first Mass in October just outside of Barbastro at a Marian shrine.
In September 1856 he attended his brother Silverio's first Mass in his birthplace but had to return there a few months later for his father's funeral. In June 1857 in Toledo he did his examination for his master's degree in theological studies and in late August 1861 was in Toledo once more for an examination for his doctorate which was conducted in Latin on the theme "De Deo uno". His uncle Basilio Gil i Bueno became the Bishop of Huesca on 23 December 1861 and he appointed Novoa as his private aide to help him manage diocesan affairs; Novoa had mixed feelings about this since he came to love Barbastro and did not wish to leave for Huesca. Novoa was present for his uncle's episcopal consecration on 27 April 1862 and his installation that 1 June. It was on 15 June that he was incardinated in the Huesca diocese and to celebrate give alms to the poor.
In 1860 his half-brother Guillermo began ecclesial studies after his wife died and he would be ordained as a priest in 1864. It was not long after that in 1865 that his brother Silverio died. The Spanish Glorious Revolution saw Novoa and his uncle go into exile from Huesca and this exile lasted from 6 October 1868 until 13 September 1869; the pair received a triumphant welcome upon their return when the crisis subsided in the region. He aided his uncle as a theological consultant during the First Vatican Council in Rome during which his uncle died on 12 February 1870; his uncle's health was frail but the bishop had insisted on attending the Council. The pair arrived in Rome on 27 November 1869 ahead of schedule so decided to visit the major basilicas and the relics of Saint Lawrence. Following his uncle's death came further heartbreak for Novoa: his niece Saturnina (b. 1860 and whose father was Guillermo) died in 1880 while her father died in 1882. On 25 December 1882 he adopted the infant Francisco Olivan Palacin (born that 14 December) after his mother died that 20 December. He hired a nurse to tend to the child but baptized him and then confirmed him when he turned five. The nurse's services ceased on Christmas Eve in 1884 but he himself continued to raise the child as if he were his own. He also gave the child his First Communion in December 1891 while that child would in the following decades migrate to Mexico where he was married and studied medicine.
Novoa founded various religious confraternities in Huesca. He co-founded his religious congregation alongside his friend Saint Teresa Jornet Ibars on 27 January 1873 with the first house being established in Barbastro. In 1885 he was decorated with the Orden Civil de la Beneficencia Cross in recognition for his extensive humanitarian efforts in a cholera epidemic that struck Huesca. Novoa received papal approval from Pope Leo XIII for his order on 24 August 1887 but did not receive news of it until that September. It was a decade later on 30 August 1897 that he presided over the funeral for his friend Jornet who had died after a period of ill health.
In February 1903 he organized his personal archives and completed his last will which he signed on 25 March knowing that his health was failing at a gradual pace. In late summer he felt a bit better so found he could take short walks and answer correspondence. He suffered from back pains which forced him to bed that July and he was able to resume the celebration of Mass on 23 July when he said one for Pope Leo XIII's soul following the latter's death. He did not leave his home much following this but on Christmas Eve in 1904 his condition worsened due to having contracted pneumonia. He celebrated his final Mass on 23 February 1905 following which his condition kept him confined to his bed from which he found he could not get out of. On 11 March he received the Viaticum and then received the Anointing of the Sick that evening in a lucid state while suffering from great pain. Novoa died from pneumonia at 5:00am on 12 March. His remains were exhumed on 6 May 1912 and relocated to the order's motherhouse and then interred in a different area in the motherhouse on 25 August 1913.
Beatification process
The beatification process launched after the forum for the diocesan process was transferred on 21 November 1997 from the Huesca diocese to the Valencia archdiocese where the process was launched on 7 November 1998; this investigation was concluded on 2 April 2000 while also the Congregation for the Causes of Saints issued the "nihil obstat" (no objections to the cause) decree and titled Novoa as a Servant of God. The C.C.S. validated the process on 23 November 2001 as having complied with their regulations on conducting causes and in 2011 and in 2012 received the two parts to the official Positio dossier. This dossier contained all relevant evidence compiled during the diocesan process that would attest to Novoa's holiness.
Historical consultants assessed and approved the cause on 21 June 2011 while nine theologians voiced their approval to the cause on 11 June 2013. The C.C.S. cardinal and bishop members also approved the cause on 17 June 2014 while on 8 July he became titled as Venerable after Pope Francis issued a decree acknowledging Novoa's life of heroic virtue.
The current postulator for this cause is Dr. Silvia Mónica Correale.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Official website
1830 births
1905 deaths
19th-century Spanish Roman Catholic priests
19th-century venerated Christians
20th-century Spanish Roman Catholic priests
20th-century venerated Christians
Deaths from pneumonia in Spain
Founders of Catholic religious communities
Participants in the First Vatican Council
People from the Province of Guadalajara
Venerated Catholics by Pope Francis
Harmannus Smith (November 13, 1790 – July 1, 1872) was a physician, farmer and political figure in Ontario. He represented Wentworth in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1834 to 1836 as a Reformer and then in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1841 to 1851.
He was born in Louth Township, Upper Canada, the son of Joseph Smith, a United Empire Loyalist, and Anna Margaret House, the daughter of a United Empire Loyalist. He attended school in Niagara and then studied medicine with a Dr. Allen. Smith served in the militia during the War of 1812 as a private and then assistant surgeon. He lived in Barton Township and Ancaster Township. Smith married Elizabeth Fillman. He was elected to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada for Burlington in 1856, serving until 1864. Smith also served as a member of the Medical Board for the province.
References
Further reading
Johnson, JK Becoming Prominent: Regional Leadership in Upper Canada, 1791-1841 (1989) p. 234
1790 births
1872 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from Canada West
Members of the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada
Boronia algida, commonly known as alpine boronia, is a flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae and is endemic to south-eastern Australia. It is an erect shrub with many branches, pinnate leaves and white to bright pink, four-petalled flowers usually borne singly on the ends of branches.
Description
Boronia algida is a shrub that grows to a height of with many more or less hairy branches, the youngest of which are often red. The leaves are pinnate, long and wide in outline with usually between five and nine leaflets and a petiole long. The end leaflet is long and wide, the side leaflets long and wide. The flowers are white to bright pink and borne singly, sometimes in groups of up to three on the ends of branches. The four sepals are triangular to egg-shaped, long and wide, the four petals long and wide. The eight stamens alternate in length, with those near the sepals longer than those near the petals. Flowering occurs from September to February and the fruit are smooth capsules long and wide.
Taxonomy and naming
Boronia algida was first formally described in 1855 by Ferdinand von Mueller who described it as "a charming bush" and published the description in his book Definitions of rare or hitherto undescribed Australian plants. The specific epithet (algida) is a Latin word meaning "cold", von Mueller having noted that this plant grows "on the highest stony declivities of our Alps".
Distribution and habitat
The alpine boronia grows in heath and forest, mainly in sandy soil over granite at higher altitudes, south from the Gibraltar Range in New South Wales to the Australian Capital Territory and Mount Buffalo, Mount Hotham and the Nunniong Plateau in Victoria.
References
algida
Flora of the Australian Capital Territory
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Plants described in 1855
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
François Morellon la Cave (15 April 1696 – 9 July 1768) was a painter and engraver of French origin active in Amsterdam.
Life
Morellon la Cave had Huguenot origins and settled in The Hague. His brother Jean was a silversmith. In 1722 he married Jeanne Bouffet, then living at Lijnbaansgracht near Spiegelgracht. The couple had three children. He may have been a student of Bernard Picart. In 1725 he published an engraving of Antonio Vivaldi. He made engravings to illustrate works, including a Dutch edition of Henriade and Tragédies by Voltaire as well as a Parisian edition of the Comentarios Reales de los Incas (1731) by Inca Garcilaso de la Vega.
History of England (L'Histoire d'Angleterre) by Paul de Rapin de Thoyras, Volume I–X, was published with illustrations and allegorical end pieces designed and engraved by La Cave between 1724–27.
In 1737 he lived in the Runstraat; around 1750 in London. He is also the author of engravings based on works by William Hogarth and Antoine Coypel as well as portraits of Edward Pococke, professor of Hebrew, Nader Shah Afshar, Prince William, Duke of Cumberland and Willem de Fesch.
Morillon la Cave died in Amsterdam at the age of 72 and was buried in the Walloon Church.
References
External links
François La Cave on Auckland Art Gallery
La Cave, François Morellon de on Oxford Index
Engravings on National Portrait Galery
François Morellon la Cave on RKD
Cave, Francois Morellon La on ULAN
18th-century Dutch painters
Dutch engravers
1696 births
Artists from The Hague
1768 deaths
Huguenots
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Mississippi, in chronological order by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1817, Mississippi has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864, during the American Civil War, when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy, and the election of 1868, when the state was undergoing Reconstruction.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Election of 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all electoral votes (including Mississippi's three electoral votes) except one vote in New Hampshire. The popular vote was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Mississippi
Notes
References
Austin Krajicek (born June 16, 1990) is an American professional tennis player. He has a career-high ATP ranking in doubles of World No. 15 achieved on 11 July 2022 and in singles of World No. 94 achieved on October 26, 2015. He is a distant cousin of Dutch tennis player and former Wimbledon champion Richard Krajicek. He played college tennis at Texas A&M.
College
Krajicek attended Texas A&M, where he lettered from 2008–11. He won the doubles title with Jeff Dadamo at the 2011 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships, which was the first national title in program history.
He was a four-time double All-American (2008–11), and a two-time single All-American (2010 & 2011). Krajicek was the Big 12 Freshman of the Year, and in his junior and senior seasons was the Big 12 Player of the Year.
Professional career
Early years: 2012-2017
Prior to 2018 Krajicek competed mainly on the ITF Futures and ATP Challenger Tour, both in singles and doubles.
2018-2019: First ATP title, Top 50 debut
Krajicek reached the quarterfinals of the 2018 US Open doubles tournament partnering Tennys Sandgren, his best showing at a Grand Slam in doubles. He entered the top 50 in doubles reaching a career-high of No. 44 on October 22, 2018. He later reached the top 40 with a career-high of World No. 35 on May 27, 2019.
2020-2022: Maiden Major & Masters finals, Olympics, American No. 2 & Top 15 debut
He reached the third round of the 2020 Australian Open partnering Franko Škugor and the pair also won the title at the 2020 Austrian Open in Kitzbühel.
Partnering Vasek Pospisil, he reached his tenth final at the 2021 Hall of Fame Open where he lost to fellow Americans Jack Sock and William Blumberg.
At the Olympics, he reached the semifinals partnering again with Tennys Sandgren where they lost to eventual champions Mate Pavic and Nikola Mektic. The pair lost subsequently in the bronze medal match to the New Zealand pair of Marcus Daniell and Michael Venus.
Partnering with Steve Johnson, he reached his first Masters 1000 final at the 2021 Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati defeating No. 3 seeded Colombian pair Juan Sebastián Cabal and Robert Farah in a tight three-set match. The pair last competed at the 2020 edition of the Cincinnati Masters where they reached the semifinals.
Partnering with Ivan Dodig they reached the final at the 2021 Winston-Salem Open and won the title at the 2022 ATP Lyon Open.
At the 2022 French Open he reached his first Grand Slam final in his career also partnering with Dodig defeating en route World No. 1 and No. 2 and top seeds Joe Salisbury and Rajeev Ram and saving five match points in the quarterfinals. As a result he made his debut in the top 25 and became the American No. 2 player after Rajeev Ram.
At the 2022 Halle Open and the 2022 Eastbourne International he reached the semifinals with Dodig. As a result he reached the top 20 at World No. 19 in the doubles rankings on 27 June 2022, and a couple of weeks later the top 15 on 11 July 2022.
World TeamTennis
Krajicek made his World TeamTennis debut in 2020 with the Orange County Breakers at The Greenbrier.
Significant finals
Grand Slam finals
Doubles: 1 (1 runner-up)
Masters 1000 finals
Doubles: 1 (1 runner-up)
Olympic medal matches
Doubles: 1 (4th place)
ATP career finals
Doubles: 15 (5 titles, 10 runner-ups)
Challenger and Futures finals
Singles: 12 (8–4)
Doubles: 51 (32–19)
Record against other players
Record against top 10 players
Krajicek's match record against those who have been ranked in the top 10. Players who have been No. 1 are in boldface.
Kevin Anderson 1–2
Marcos Baghdatis 0–1
Tomáš Berdych 0–1
Pablo Carreño Busta 0–1
John Isner 0–1
Stan Wawrinka 0–1
Kei Nishikori 0–2
* .
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
American male tennis players
American people of Czech descent
Sportspeople from Bradenton, Florida
Tennis players from Tampa, Florida
Texas A&M Aggies men's tennis players
Tennis players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of the United States
This is a list of shipwrecks located in or around the continent of Asia.
Arabia
Bahrain
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
Bangladesh
Brunei
Myanmar (Burma)
China
East Timor
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Lebanon
Malaysia
Nine historic trade ships carrying ceramics dating back to the 10th century until the 19th century were excavated under Swedish engineer Sten Sjöstrand in the South China Sea.
Royal Nanhai (circa 1460), found in 1995
Nanyang (circa 1380), found in 1995
Xuande (circa 1540), found in 1995
Longquan (circa 1400), found in 1996
Turiang (circa 1370), found in 1996
Singtai (circa 1550), found in 1998
Desaru (circa 1830), found in 2001
Tanjong Simpang (AD 960- 1127), found in 2001
Wanli (early 17th century), found in 2003
Philippines
Russia
Singapore
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Vietnam
References
External links
WRECKSITE Worldwide free database of + 65,000 wrecks with history, maritime charts and GPS positions
Asia
Shipwrecks
Tristan Horncastle (born March 23, 1986) is a Canadian country music singer-songwriter. Horncastle signed to Royalty Records in November 2013. His first single for the label, "A Little Bit of Alright", was released in January 2014. It peaked at number 34 on the Billboard Canada Country chart. Horncastle's debut album, A Little Bit of Alright, was released via Royalty on May 27, 2014 and distributed by Sony Music Canada.
Discography
Extended plays
Studio albums
Singles
Guest singles
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1986 births
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Living people
Musicians from Fredericton
21st-century Canadian male singers
Sayonara Wild Hearts is a music-based action game created by Swedish developer Simogo and published by Annapurna Interactive. Described as a "pop album video game", Sayonara Wild Hearts follows the story of a heartbroken young woman through a surrealistic landscape. Each level of the game is set to a song, with the player guiding the woman while collecting hearts, avoiding obstacles, and fighting enemies. The game was released for PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, macOS and iOS devices in September 2019, for Microsoft Windows in December 2019, and for Xbox One in February 2020. It was met with positive reviews for its visuals, soundtrack, and gameplay, and nominated for several year-end awards.
Gameplay
Sayonara Wild Hearts is a rhythm game broken into 23 levels. In each level, the player controls the main character as they automatically travel through a surrealistic landscape alongside a pop music soundtrack. The exact mechanics of each level change, but in general the player attempts to guide the character to collect hearts across the level to earn points, while avoiding obstacles. In some levels, the player will be prompted to press a button in time with the soundtrack to make a jump or avoid an obstacle. Other levels may require the player to move a cursor on screen to target a bow-and-arrow weapon to defeat enemies, in a manner similar to Rez. During the levels, the player will encounter different boss encounters, which will incorporate a mix of movement and timed button presses to avoid attacks. The player earns points for hearts collected, timing on button presses, and avoiding obstacles, and are rated on a bronze, silver, or gold rating for each. Should the player hit an obstacle or enemy projectile, they are returned to a checkpoint. If the player fails to clear a section after a few tries, the game provides a means for the player to skip that section, only losing out on possible points that could be earned.
Plot
In an alternate universe watched over by three divine arcanas of the Tarot (The High Priestess, The Hierophant, and The Empress), a cursed arcanum named Little Death (Death), and her allies, the Dancing Devils (The Devil), the Howling Moons (The Moon), the Stereo Lovers (The Lovers), and Hermit64 (The Hermit), stole all harmony, and hid it in their hearts. Before the divine arcana began to fade, they created a heroine from the shards of a broken heart.
In a time near the present, there is a young woman whose heart has been violently broken. The heroine that the divine arcana created transforms into a butterfly and flies to the young woman, who is resting in bed. The butterfly transports her to the alternate universe. Riding her longboard along an ethereal highway, she chases the butterfly, and upon capturing it, she transforms into a masked heroine (The Fool).
She then falls through a passage and arrives in a purple and pink city. She summons a motorcycle (Wheel of Fortune), and begins to ride through it. Weaving through cars, trams and buildings, she meets a trio of devil-masked women, the Dancing Devils. They fight on the street, before riding through the city on motorcycles. The heroine chases and defeats each member of the trio in turn, and takes back their hearts. The heroine then travels to a mythical forest. With the help of a white stag (The Emperor), she rides through the forest and meets the Howling Moons, a quartet of wolf-masked gangsters. After she chases them the quartet howls to summon a pack of wolves, and the heroine equips her motorbike with dual automatic guns (Justice and Judgement). The masked quartet jump into a large mechanical cerberus and a battle ensures, but the heroine destroys their mech, and claims the quartet's hearts.
The heroine is then transported to a tower (The Tower), and upon climbing it, is transported to a floating city. She meets and fights a masked foe with a sword (Strength), who splits into female twins, the Stereo Lovers. The twins then snap their fingers to switch up the universe they are in every couple of seconds, but the heroine learns to do the same, and chases the twins through the city. She defeats them on top of a plane and claims their heart, before travelling to a desert. Driving a car (The Chariot) through the night, she meets Hermit64, a foe wearing a virtual reality headset as a mask. The heroine travels into the hermit's virtual reality world (The World), and obtains the heart trapped inside.
Summoning a ship (The Star) to sail across an ocean, she then arrives in a dark and rainy city. There she meets a skull-masked villainess with a scythe, Little Death. The villainess sends flying skulls (The Hanged Man) after the heroine, but she summons a bow (Temperance) and shoots them down, and likewise survives the electrified obstacles in the path (The Sun). She then defeats Little Death, but the foe's heart fragments reassemble into a gigantic final monster. After defeating it, the heroine transforms back into her former self, the young woman. She then imagines herself as each of her former foes, and proceeds to fight each in turn. Instead of defeating them however, she forgives them with a brief kiss. The divine arcana then tell the young woman that she has restored harmony to their world, and wish her farewell. She rides back to her world on her skateboard and arrives slightly older, but right back into her groove.
Development
Simogo had developed several narrative-based mobile games prior to Sayonara, including Year Walk and Device 6. According to studio lead Simon Flesser, they "wanted to make something that was a little more gut than brain", and began brainstorming ideas. An early idea was a sketch of a woman wearing a mask inspired by the teddy girl fad of the 1950s, which they grew out into an experience involving traveling through a dreamscape on motorcycles inspired by the tarot. They initially thought that the music for the game should be surf music, but as they were prototyping the game, they had a playlist of pop music on, which Flesser said immediately set the tone they wanted for the game; artists that inspired the soundtrack included Sia, Chvrches and Carly Rae Jepsen. The game's score was composed by Daniel Olsén and Jonathan Eng, with vocals by Linnea Olsson. While most of the compositions are original, the soundtrack also incorporates portions of Debussy's "Clair de lune".
Controls for the game were important to Simogo, as they had a general philosophy that their games could be played by those that did not normally play video games. They looked back to classic arcade games to consider their control schemes to come up with simple gameplay elements that only had the player manipulating the character with a joystick or through a touchscreen, and a single button press for certain actions, such as jumping or performing fighting moves. With the latter button mechanic, they found this allowed them to include the visual indicators on screen to help let players know the right time to perform these actions, enabling the various choreographed fighting sequences in some levels. Mechanics of some elements were pared down to keep interactions with movement and this button press as simple as possible.
The levels represented a number of disparate ideas they had for the game. Simogo had not considered endless runners as a base, but instead looked to rail shooters such as Sin and Punishment, Space Harrier, and Star Fox which mixed both movement and shooting controls. Other games that inspired levels included WarioWare, Out Run and Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan. Initially the game had included some sections presented in third-person perspective allowing the character to walk around and solve puzzles, but found this slowed down the game. Similarly, mechanics that involved shooting targets in a specific order were also found detrimental to the pacing of the game. Many of the initial concepts were cut or reworked to maintain the simplicity of controls. Ultimately, they wanted the game to play out like a musical album with the songs and levels presented in a specific order to tell their story, but which could be replayed individually or out of order without detriment.
Development of the game took about four years starting in 2015. About midway thorugh, Annapurna Interactive approached Simogo for publishing support, and with their funding, were able to hire two additional programmers to help complete the game's development. Flesser also noted that Annapurna brought some necessary rigor into the development cycle to keep them to schedule. As Simogo neared the end of production, Flesser had been in discussion with Annapurna about how they wished they had someone unexpected to narrate the brief lines they had for the story. When asked who they were thinking of, Flesser threw out Queen Latifah's name, not taking the request seriously. A few weeks later, within a month of release, Annapurna had been able to secure Queen Latifah for a voice recording session, to Flesser's surprise.
Sayonara Wild Hearts was first revealed at The Game Awards 2018 for the Nintendo Switch and other possible platforms. It was later affirmed both for release on the PlayStation 4, and a launch title for the Apple Arcade subscription service for macOS and iOS devices, with the Switch, PlayStation 4, macOS and iOS releases all on 19 September 2019. The game was released for Microsoft Windows on 12 December 2019 and Xbox One on 25 February 2020.
A limited physical release of the game for both Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 was published by iam8bit in early 2020, alongside a double LP release of the soundtrack. A global physical release for the Switch and PlayStation 4 was released on 29 September 2020.
Reception
Sayonara Wild Hearts received "generally favorable reviews" according to review aggregator Metacritic. The game was generally praised for its visuals and soundtrack.
The game's soundtrack was critically acclaimed. PlayStation Universe thought the soundtrack was "absolutely outstanding", and the best soundtrack of any game released in 2019. Edge thought that track "Mine" sounded like "a parallel-universe chart-topper", while "The World We Knew" "a gorgeous, swooning, sigh of a ballad."
Eurogamer's Christian Donlan enjoyed the game's genre switches, saying "Sayonara Wild Hearts can change suits so often because the rules of the game remain constant". Jenna Stoeber of Polygon thought that Sayonara was "much more style than substance", but that the visuals and soundtrack of the game were strong enough to justify a playthrough.
Nicole Clark of Vice thought that the ending of Sayonara was a departure from the usual hero's journey in a fictive narritive. "Rather than becoming your mask, you abandon it. Rather than becoming someone new and unbreakable you recover to the point of self-acceptance."
Accolades
In addition, several game magazines and websites named Sayonara Wild Hearts among their Games of the Year, including Eurogamer, Polygon, Edge, and Salon. Additionally, Edge gave Sayonara its Best Visual Design award and nominated the game for Best Audio Design in their 2019 awards. Sayonara also won "Apple Arcade Game of the Year" by Apple.
References
2019 video games
Annapurna Interactive games
Apple Arcade games
Apple Design Awards recipients
iOS games
LGBT-related video games
Music video games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
Video games developed in Sweden
Windows games
Xbox One games
BAFTA winners (video games)
Siena Goines (born March 28, 1969) is an American film and television actress. She has guest-starred on the soap opera Passions, the police drama The Division and the medical drama Private Practice.
History
Goines was born in Washington, D.C. From 1998 to 2000, Goines played the role of Callie Rogers on the CBS daytime soap opera, The Young and the Restless where she earned an NAACP Image Award nomination for Outstanding Actress in a Daytime Drama. From 2000 to 2004, Goines played the recurring role of Mia on another CBS drama, Judging Amy. The actress has made a name for herself appearing on TV series including Charmed, Chicago Hope, and The Magnificent Seven.
In 2004 Goines appeared in Ellen DeGeneres' My Short Film for American Express in 2004. In 2007, she had a recurring role on the CBS drama Jericho as Sarah Mason.
She appeared in The Sweetest Thing (2002), Rancid (2004), The 40-Year-Old Virgin (2005) and Nina (2015).
Filmography
Film
Television
External links
Actresses from Washington, D.C.
African-American actresses
American television actresses
American soap opera actresses
American film actresses
1969 births
Living people
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Fernando Pedroza is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
References
Municipalities in Rio Grande do Norte
Luuk Gruwez (born 9 August 1953) is a Flemish poet. Since 1976, he lives in Hasselt, where he worked until 1995 as a teacher.
Gruwez was born at Kortrijk. He attended high school there at the Damiaancollege and graduated in Germanic philology at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. In 1976 he moved from Kortrijk to Hasselt. He earns a living as a teacher there until his career break in 1995 after being granted a scholarship as a writer.
Gruwez' work is sometimes considered belonging to the neoromantic movement in response to the new realism of the 60s, with its typical emphasis on the emotions of life, love, disease, decay and death. But in Luuk Gruwez' work this kind of romance is always tempered by a portion of (self) irony.
In his later poetry the subject matter is broader and his style becomes more narrative. He is now a full-time writer of poetry and prose as well as columns, appearing weekly in De Standaard and monthly from 2001 to 2003 in De Morgen.
In 1995 he received the Hugues C. Pernath-prijs. In 2009 he received the Herman de Coninckprijs for his poem "Moeders" from Lagerwal. and Jessa Wildemeersch composed music for these nominated poems.
Bibliography
Stofzuigergedichten (1973)
Ach, wat zacht geliefkoos om een mild verdriet (1977)
Daar komen de Tachtigers al aan (1977)
Een huis om dakloos in te zijn (1981)
De feestelijke verliezer (1985)
Dikke mensen (1990)
Onder vier ogen (1992)
Het bal van opa Bing (1994)
Vuile manieren (1994)
Bandeloze gedichten (1996)
Het land van de wangen (1998)
Slechte gedachten (1999)
Dieven en geliefden (2000)
De maand van Marie. Vier vrouwenvertellingen (2002)
Een stenen moeder (2004)
Allemansgek, incl. CD (2005)
Psilo (2007), verhalen
Lagerwal (2008), poëzie
Garderobe (2010), bloemlezing uit zijn poëzie
Cosas perdidas (2010), poëzie
Krombeke Retour/ Deerlijk Retour (2011), verhalen.
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Luuk Gruwez
Willem M. Roggeman, Luuk Gruwez In: Beroepsgeheim 6 (1992)
G.J. van Bork en P.J. Verkruijsse, De Nederlandse en Vlaamse auteurs (1985)
1953 births
Flemish poets
Living people
20th-century Belgian writers
Jonathan Keith Gosselin (born April 1, 1977) is an American former television personality, previously known for his appearances with former wife Kate Gosselin and their eight children on the American reality TV show Jon & Kate Plus 8.
Early life
Jonathan Keith Gosselin was born and raised in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania as the middle child in a family of three children. He has two brothers, Thomas and Mark. Gosselin's mother, Pamela Castello (née Lyum), was born and raised in Hawaii as a second-generation Korean American. Gosselin's father died on January 13, 2005. Jon graduated from Wyomissing High School in 1995.
Gosselin met Kate Kreider at a company picnic on October 5, 1997. They married on June 12, 1999. On October 8, 2000, their twin daughters, Cara Nicole and Madelyn "Mady" Kate, were born. Initially, Jon was against having a third child, but he and Kate eventually decided they would try again. On May 10, 2004, Kate gave birth to sextuplets: sons Aaden Jonathan, Collin Thomas, and Joel Kevin, and daughters Alexis Faith, Hannah Joy, and Leah Hope. The sextuplets were born 10 weeks premature, which is common in cases of multiple births.
Television fame
They received local media coverage until the sextuplets were 17 months old, when Discovery Health offered the couple a reality series chronicling the lives of their family.
The Discovery Health special, called Surviving Sextuplets and Twins, first aired in September 2005. One year later, the family was featured in another special titled Sextuplets and Twins: One Year Later. Both specials received high Nielsen ratings, and Discovery Health signed the couple to a series that aired beginning in April 2007. During this time, the family was filmed for three to four days per week, and received payment for appearing on the show.
They soon switched over to TLC.
Gosselin co-wrote Multiple Blessings: Surviving to Thriving with Twins and Sextuplets with then-wife Kate Gosselin and Beth Carson, a book that made The New York Times Best Seller list.
Divorce
It was announced on the June 22, 2009 episode of the show that the couple were separating, and that divorce proceedings had begun. Gosselin then began looking for a new apartment in New York City, reportedly visiting Donald Trump-owned Trump Place in Manhattan's Upper West Side.
Jon stated that it is Kate who wanted the divorce, while Kate stated that "Jon's activities" left her with "no choice but to file legal procedures in order to protect" herself and the children. Jon released a statement in response, noting that his wife was the first to make a legal move, and speaking of his continuing love for his children. Speculation rose that Jon's relationship with Hailey Glassman, the daughter of Kate's plastic surgeon, was the cause for the divorce, but Glassman denied the speculation, saying that her relationship with Jon began only after Jon and Kate had been separated for months.
On August 13, 2009, the police were called to the Gosselin family home in Wernersville, Pennsylvania after Jon and Kate were engaged in a heated argument. She arrived at the home during his time with their eight children because she did not approve of the babysitter he was using. No arrests were made and no charges were filed against either party.
On September 29, 2009, TLC announced that, as of November 3, 2009, Jon & Kate Plus 8 would change its name to Kate Plus 8. Jon Gosselin would continue to appear on the show, but less frequently. However, on October 1, 2009, People.com reported that Jon Gosselin filed a legal action against TLC to prevent the show from resuming and would consider the entry of production crews into the family home as criminal trespassing. The final episode of Jon & Kate Plus 8 aired on November 23, 2009, announced by TLC three days earlier.
In late September 2009, Jon filed paperwork seeking to stall the divorce for 90 days, saying, "I regret my conduct since Kate and I separated ... I used poor judgment in publicly socializing with other women so soon." Among the terms of the divorce was a child support order for $22,000 a month.
On October 15, 2009, it was announced that TLC had filed suit against Jon for allegedly violating their contract with paid and unpaid television appearances he had recently made on several media outlets. The network claimed it lost more than $30,000 as a result of his alleged breach of their contract. His attorney responded that the contract was null and void once TLC renamed the show Kate Plus 8, and that in any event the contract is unenforceable because it was signed while Jon had no legal representation.
On December 18, 2009, it was announced that the couple's divorce had been finalized. Kate was granted primary custody of the children and the ownership of the family home. Earlier in the month, Jon's girlfriend, Hailey Glassman, announced that she broke up with Jon because she discovered during a deposition in his lawsuit against TLC that he had been unfaithful to her by having a relationship with Kate Major, a reporter for The Star tabloid.
Since the divorce, Jon has had a difficult relationship with his ex-wife, which has repeatedly made headlines. He is also estranged from most of his children, as Cara, Mady, Alexis, Aaden, Leah, and Joel have cut off all contact with him. Alexis, Aaden, Leah, and Joel moved with Kate to North Carolina when she relocated to the state in March 2021. The twins are currently both away at college in New York, with Cara at Fordham University and Mady at Syracuse University. However, Cara and Mady reside with Kate when home from their respective colleges. The only children Jon sees are Hannah and Collin, as both children now live with him. On August 22, 2017, the police were called to an orthodontist's office in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania after Jon and Kate got into a custody dispute over one of their sextuplet daughters. It was reported that either Jon or Kate took their then 13-year-old daughter to the orthodontist and the argument erupted over who would be taking her home. No one was arrested, and in the end, Jon took the daughter home while Kate was referred to Berks County District Attorney's office for a more clear interpretation of the child custody agreement. It was later reported that the sextuplet daughter involved in the dispute may have been Hannah.
In August 2018, Jon revealed in an Instagram live video that Hannah was "permanently" living with him; there has been an ongoing custody battle with Kate over their daughter. It was reported that in April 2018, a judge awarded custody of Hannah to Jon. Kate would appeal this decision on May 4, 2018. The judge denied the appeal on June 14, 2018, as Kate "did not present legal argument to justify this Court's jurisdiction," according to court documents.
On October 24, 2018, Jon and his attorney filed papers for physical and legal custody of Collin. They claimed that it would be in Collin's best interest to live with his father upon his release from an inpatient center, where Kate enrolled him in 2016. On December 4, 2018, Jon won sole physical and legal custody of Collin, as Kate and her attorney failed to appear. It was reported on December 26, 2018, that Collin was released from the inpatient center and returned home with Jon for good. As of 2018, Jon and his ex-wife are no longer in communication, except through their attorneys.
Break-in
On December 26, 2009, upon returning to his New York apartment after visiting his children for Christmas, Gosselin discovered that his apartment had been broken into. The damage was estimated at $100,000. A note with his ex-girlfriend's name was found attached to Gosselin's dresser with a knife, but law enforcement officials stated that did not prove she was associated with the acts.
Post-Jon & Kate
Relationships
In January 2012, Gosselin began dating Liz Jannetta, a divorced mother of three who works with computers. The relationship lasted for two years, as they broke up in September 2014 after they made an appearance on the VH1 reality show Couples Therapy.
In July 2015, it was reported that Gosselin had been in a relationship with a registered nurse named Colleen Conrad. They dated from October 2014 to February 2021.
Career
In February 2011, Gosselin was working for Green Pointe Energy in Pennsylvania, installing solar panels. In September 2013, he was a waiter at two restaurants in Pennsylvania, near his home in Robeson Township. He was later reported becoming a maitre d' at one of the restaurants.
As of December 2016, Gosselin worked at T.G.I. Friday's in Lancaster, Pennsylvania as a prep cook eight hours a week.
As of May 2020, Gosselin works as an IT director at a private, non-profit healthcare facility.
Music
Gosselin has worked as a DJ. It was previously reported that he DJs 12 to 15 gigs a month in his hometown of Wyomissing, Pennsylvania.
On an appearance on Dr. Oz November 2021, Gosselin stated he had been working on a hip hop album for approximately five years. In May 2022, Gosselin released a hip hop track titled "Voicemail" with DJ Casper. HuffPost called the slow-jam song "heavily auto-tuned". Today'''s Randee Dawn agreed with their critique, writing "That's a lot'' of Auto-Tune." Both Gosselin and DJ Casper promoted the song, with Gosselin stating the two are working on releasing more music.
References
Further reading
External links
Jon & Kate Plus 8 website
1977 births
Living people
American DJs
American people of French descent
American people of Korean descent
American people of Irish descent
American people of Welsh descent
Participants in American reality television series
People from Oshkosh, Wisconsin
The J. L. Robinson General Store is a historic general store located on Hagaman Road in Hagaman, Macoupin County, Illinois. Railroad worker Charles Crossland Robinson opened the store in 1881; his son James Leo Robinson took over the store upon his father's death, giving it its current name. The store was the main seller of household and farming supplies in Western Mound Township and the Hagaman and Chesterfield areas. In addition, the building served as the township's post office, a railway express office for Macoupin County's two railroads, and the local Democratic Party headquarters. The store was also the first building in the area to receive electricity and telephone service. It is now the only surviving building in the area built before 1900.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 12, 1980.
Gallery
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Commercial buildings completed in 1881
Buildings and structures in Macoupin County, Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Macoupin County, Illinois
1881 establishments in Illinois
The Very Idea is an American comedy film directed by Frank Craven and Richard Rosson and written by William Le Baron, based on his play of the same title. Released in 1929, it was the fourth film released by RKO Pictures, starring Sally Blane, Hugh Trevor, Allen Kearns, Doris Eaton and Frank Craven. A comedy based on the theory of eugenics, it was a critical and financial failure.
The play was filmed before in 1920 as a silent starring Taylor Holmes. The 1920 film is lost.
Plot
Alan Camp has written a book on eugenics, and is looking to prove his theories. His sister, Edith Goodhue, and her husband, Gilbert have been frustrated for years with their inability to have children. Alan convinces them to let him create a child through eugenics for them to adopt. Chosen to be the parents of this eugenic child are Joe Garvin, who happens to be Alan's chauffeur, and Nora, the Goodhues' maid. The two are offered $15,000 each if they conceive and deliver a child within twelve months, to which they agree.
To give the young couple room to move ahead with the plan, the Goodhues leave on a year trip to California. Nora and Joe do have the baby, but have fallen in love in the interim and have decided to keep the child. When the Goodhues return from California, they find their home has been converted into a nursery, occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Garvin, who have married. They will not give up their baby, and Alan frantically sends Joe to a local orphanage in order to find a replacement baby. However, the child Joe returns with is rejected by Edith and Gilbert. Despondent, Alan decides to have the nursery dismantled, when Mrs. Goodhue announces that she is pregnant.
Cast
Sally Blane as Nora
Hugh Trevor as Joe Garvin
Allen Kearns as Gilbert Goodhue
Doris Eaton as Edith Goodhue
Frank Craven as Alan Camp
Theodore von Eltz as George Green
Olive Tell as Marion Green
Adele Watson as Miss Duncan
References
External links
RKO Pictures films
1929 comedy films
1929 films
American black-and-white films
Eugenics in fiction
American films based on plays
American comedy films
Films directed by Richard Rosson
1920s American films
Albi is a commune in Tarn Department, France.
Albi may refer to:
Places
France
Albi Cathedral ("Basilique Cathédrale Sainte-Cécile d'Albi"), begun as a fortress in 1287, the most important Catholic building in Albi, Tarn
Arrondissement of Albi, an arrondissement of France in the Tarn department in the Midi-Pyrénées region
Circuit d'Albi, a French motorsport race track near Le Sequestre
Iran
Albi, Iran, a village in East Azerbaijan Province
Italy
Albi, Calabria, a comune in the Province of Catanzaro
Romania
Albi, a village in Slimnic Commune, Sibiu County
United States
Joe Albi Stadium, an outdoor athletic stadium in the City of Spokane, Washington
See also
Albee (disambiguation)
People
Albi Kondi, an Albanian footballer
Entertainment
Bedawwar A Albi, the third studio album by the Lebanese singer Amal Hijazi
Albi the Racist Dragon, a fictional dragon who is racist against Albanians and subject of a song by New Zealand band Flight of the Conchords
Other uses
Council of Albi, a Roman Catholic Council that was held in 1254
US Albi, a French association football team
See also
Albigenses, or "Cathars", a Christian dualist movement in some areas of Southern Europe, particularly northern Italy and southern France
Albigensian Crusade, or Cathar Crusade (1209–1229), a Catholic extinction campaign against Catharism in the south of France
ALB (disambiguation)
Alby (disambiguation)
Albis (disambiguation)
Kallmann McKinnell & Wood is an architectural design firm based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, established in 1962 as Kallmann McKinnell & Knowles by Gerhard Kallmann (1915-2012), Michael McKinnell (1935–2020), and Edward Knowles.
History
The firm originated when it won an international competition to design the Boston City Hall in 1962. Soon reconstituted as Kallmann McKinnell and Wood, ("Kallmann, the eldest member of the team, [is] German born and English educated. ... McKinnell [is] English born and educated. ... Both have served as ... educators at the Harvard Graduate School of Design." Henry A. Wood "joined the firm in 1965.") the firm would go on to design structures across the United States and abroad.
While the firm's "early period" consisted of bold structures of poured and pre-cast concrete, its later innovative work more often utilized brick, stone, copper, slate and cast stone, among other materials, for buildings that were less Brutalist in style and more postmodernist. In particular, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in Cambridge, Massachusetts, established KMW's new direction with a copper-roofed villa set amidst a stand of woods. The course of the firm's work through the late 1980s was charted in Alex Krieger's exhibition at Harvard's Graduate School of Design and published in the catalog that he edited, The Architecture of Kallmann McKinnell & Wood. In 2004, David Dillon's tome of the same title carried the office's work through the early 21st century.
KMW buildings have won the Harleston Parker Medal, given out for the best new building in Greater Boston, more times than any other firm in the history of the medal, as documented in the major exhibit of KMW's original drawings for Boston City Hall, from 2008. Drawn from the KMW archive in the collection of Historic New England, this exhibition was presented at the Wentworth Institute of Technology in Boston and organized by architect Gary Wolf.
Boston City Hall
The firm's design for Boston City Hall was selected after a two-stage national design competition with 256 entrants. The jury composed of major architects and three prominent Boston businessmen unanimously chose the project because of its logical and successful handling of the competition's complex building program, because of its inventive response to the urban site, and because of its powerful symbolism of a "New Boston." Boston historian Walter Muir Whitehill proclaimed the KMK design to be "as fine a building for its time and place as Boston has ever produced." Horizon Magazine lauded both the design and the competition process itself: "Boston's jury...has turned in a decisive verdict that will stand for some time as a model of responsible civic conduct."
With its concrete massing echoing in an abstract fashion not only the classical cornices of ancient Greece but also the Neo-Classical forms of Federal Boston, and with its brick base creating a continuity with the nearby masonry structures of the Blackstone Block, the building engaged the historic city in ways that the other competition entries did not.
Shortly after the building's opening, New York Times architecture critic Ada Louise Huxtable wrote: "Boston can celebrate with the knowledge that it has produced a superior public building in an age that values cheapness over quality as a form of public virtue. It also has one of the handsomest buildings around, and thus far, one of the least understood.... It is a product of this moment and these times.... The result is a tough and complex building for a tough and complex age, a structure of dignity, humanism, and power." Public opinion has been mixed, and remains so to this day.
In breaking with the smooth, curtain-wall surfaces and the simplified forms of the then-popular post-Miesian corporate modernism, Kallmann, McKinnell and Knowles' design asserted the civic presence of City Hall on the large surrounding plaza. McKinnell spoke of how concrete allowed architects to return to early modernist principles of truthful expression of structure and materials, while reacting critically to the corporate architectural establishment of the time. "After we won the City Hall competition, we were walking along Madison Avenue, and we spied [Philip] Johnson coming towards us, waving his arms in typical Johnsonian fashion. 'Ah! I'm so happy for you two young boys who have won this competition. Absolutely marvelous. I think it's wonderful. And it's so ugly!' We thought that was the greatest praise we could get."
City Hall was published internationally both at the time of its design and upon its completion, and popular publications and tourist guide books featured the building prominently, but unlike the Gateway Arch in St. Louis and Sydney's Opera House (also products of widely publicized design competitions), Boston City Hall never became a symbol of the city, except perhaps in a negative way. Although some tried to associate it with the city's successful reinvention of itself following decades of decline, this never caught on. For many it became symbolic of all that was wrong with Boston's government: rigid, mean, and uncaring of the masses. Said McKinnell: "As we all know, Boston's mayor wants to sell or preferably tear down City Hall. But as [structural engineer] Bill LeMessurier once said, it will take a controlled nuclear device to get rid of this building. So in a very real way, perhaps, we have made our legacy using concrete because it is so bloody difficult to get rid of.... We were right in the sense that architecture had to be rethought as something which is long-lived and, over time, could be decorated, embellished, and adorned by subsequent generations."
As of March 2011, plans are underway to re-think the surrounding plaza in relation to the building.
Designs
After being established to see Boston City Hall through to completion, Kallmann McKinnell & Wood continued to design major buildings in Boston, throughout New England, and world-wide. Locally, its many buildings range from Newton, with the City's Public Library, to Boston's Columbia Point, with the University of Massachusetts Boston Campus Center. In New Jersey, the Becton Dickinson corporate headquarters can be found. The Embassy of the United States in Bangkok, Thailand. The Krieger and Dillon volumes provide comprehensive overviews of the firm's work.
Boston City Hall and City Hall Plaza, Boston, Massachusetts
Becton, Dickinson and Company headquarters
Back Bay (MBTA station), Boston, Massachusetts
Blanton Museum of Art
University of Massachusetts Boston, Boston, Massachusetts
Phillips Exeter Academy athletics building, Exeter, New Hampshire (1970)
William T. Young Library, Lexington, Kentucky
American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Cambridge, Massachusetts
Mandel Center for the Humanities at Brandeis University (2010)
References
Publications
Dillon, David, The Architecture of Kallmann McKinnell & Wood, 2004, Edizioni Press.
Krieger, Alex, editor, The Architecture of Kallmann McKinnell & Wood, 1988, Rizzoli.
External links
Official Website
Google News archive. Articles about Kallmann McKinnell & Wood.
Google News archive. Articles about Kallmann McKinnell & Knowles.
Historic New England. Kallmann, McKinnell and Wood architectural collection, 1950-1995
1962 establishments in Massachusetts
Architecture firms based in Massachusetts
Organizations established in 1962
The discography of American record producer DJ Khaled consists of twelve studio albums and 54 singles (including 11 as a featured artist).
On June 6, 2006, Khaled released his debut studio album, Listennn... the Album. The album reached number 12 on the Billboard 200.
On June 12, 2007, Khaled released his second studio album, We the Best. The album reached number eight on the Billboard 200. It produced the top-20 single, "I'm So Hood", which features T-Pain, Trick Daddy, Rick Ross, and Plies, and reached number 19 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also produced the top-40 single, "We Takin Over", which features Akon, T.I., Rick Ross, Fat Joe, Birdman, and Lil Wayne, and reached number 28 on the Hot 100.
On September 16, 2008, Khaled released his third studio album, We Global. The album reached number seven on the Billboard 200. It produced the top-40 single, "Out Here Grindin", which features Akon, Rick Ross, Young Jeezy, Lil Boosie, Trick Daddy, Ace Hood, and Plies, and reached number 38 on the Billboard Hot 100.
On March 2, 2010, Khaled released his fourth studio album, Victory. The album reached number 14 on the Billboard 200. It produced the top-40 single, "All I Do Is Win", which features T-Pain, Ludacris, Snoop Dogg, and Rick Ross, and reached number 24 on the Billboard Hot 100.
On July 19, 2011, Khaled released his fifth studio album, We the Best Forever. The album reached number five on the Billboard 200. It produced the top-10 single, "I'm on One", which features Drake, Rick Ross, and Lil Wayne, and reached number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100.
On August 21, 2012, Khaled released his sixth studio album, Kiss the Ring. The album reached number four on the Billboard 200.
On October 22, 2013, Khaled released his seventh studio album, Suffering from Success. The album reached number seven on the Billboard 200. It produced the top-40 single, "No New Friends", which features Drake, Rick Ross, and Lil Wayne, and reached number 37 on the Billboard Hot 100.
On October 23, 2015, Khaled released his eighth studio album, I Changed a Lot. The album reached number 12 on the Billboard 200. It produced the top-40 single, "Hold You Down", which features Chris Brown, August Alsina, Future, and Jeremih, and reached number 39 on the Billboard Hot 100.
On July 29, 2016, Khaled released his ninth studio album, Major Key. The album debuted and peaked atop the Billboard 200, giving him his first chart-topping project. It produced the top-20 single, "For Free", which features Drake and reached number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also produced the top-40 singles, "I Got the Keys", which features Jay-Z and Future, and "Do You Mind", which features Nicki Minaj, Chris Brown, August Alsina, Jeremih, Future, and Rick Ross; the songs reached numbers 30 and 27 on the Hot 100, respectively.
On June 23, 2017, Khaled released his tenth studio album, Grateful. The album debuted and peaked atop the Billboard 200, giving him his second chart-topping project. It produced the Billboard Hot 100 number-one single, "I'm the One", which features Justin Bieber, Quavo, Chance the Rapper, and Lil Wayne. It also produced the top-10 single, "Wild Thoughts", which features Rihanna and Bryson Tiller, and reached number two on the Hot 100.
On May 17, 2019, Khaled released his eleventh studio album, Father of Asahd. The album debuted and peaked at number two on the Billboard 200. It produced the top-10 single, "No Brainer" from 2018, which features Justin Bieber, Chance the Rapper, and Quavo, and debuted and peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100. It also produced the top-20 single, "Wish Wish", which features Cardi B and 21 Savage, which reached number 19 on the Hot 100. The album also contains the top-40 singles, "Top Off" from 2018, which features Jay-Z, Future, and Beyoncé, and "Higher", which features Nipsey Hussle and John Legend; the songs reached numbers 22 and 21 on the Hot 100, respectively.
On April 30, 2021, Khaled released his self-titled twelfth studio album, Khaled Khaled, which is named after his legal name. The album debuted and peaked atop the Billboard 200, giving him his third chart-topping project. It produced the top-10 singles, "Popstar" and "Greece", both of which feature Drake and were released in 2020; the songs debuted and peaked at numbers three and eight on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively. It also produced the top-20 single, "Every Chance I Get", which features Lil Baby and Lil Durk, and debuted and peaked at number 20 on the Hot 100. The album also contains the top-40 single, "Sorry Not Sorry", which features Nas, Jay-Z, and James Fauntleroy, and debuted and peaked at number 30 on the Hot 100.
On August 26, 2022, Khaled released his thirteenth studio album, God Did. It produced the top-10 single, "Staying Alive", which features frequent collaborators Drake and Lil Baby.
Studio albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Promotional singles
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Music videos
As lead artist
As featured artist
Production discography
Notes
References
Hip hop discographies
Discographies of American artists
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1974:.
1974
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1974 at HKcinemamagic.com
1974
Lists of 1974 films by country or language
Films
Padmanabhanagar is a posh residential locality in South Bangalore, India, covering an area of 1.68 km2 It's one of the zones of BBMP. Padmanabhanagar has a very famous park called Lakshmikanta Park. This park houses Lakshmi Kantha temple. It was looked after by residents association, in 2018 the corporator allotted funds and developed it further. The park was eyed for its medicinal trees and was sanctioned to be cut down completely and set up a landscaped area but the senior citizens of the locality who nurtured the park protested and stopped it. It is surrounded by Kumaraswamy Layout, Gowdanapalya, Chennamanakere, Kathriguppe, Kadirenahalli, Uttarahalli and Chikkakalasandra.
It is a constituency in the Karnataka legislative assembly. The assembly constituency has several areas surrounding Padmanabhanagara like Kumaraswamy Layout, Yediyur, Tyagarajanagara, Banashankari 2nd stage, Yarab Nagara, parts of Banashankari temple ward, Jayanagara 6th/7th/8th blocks, Shastri Nagara. The constituency is currently represented by Shri R Ashoka (Bharathiya Janata Party). Padmanabhanagara is also a ward constituency in BBMP (Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike ward No. 182) which was represented by Smt. L Shobha Anjanappa of BJP (Bharathiya Janata Party), in the immediate past term.
Education
Among its educational institutions are:
Carmel School
Prarthana School
Deccan International School
Sri Kumarans Children's home(SKCH) Composite PU college
Jnana Vijnana Vidya Peeta
Health
Maharaja Agrasen Hospital (Bangalore)
D.G Hospital
Yogananda Multi Speciality Hospital
Motherhood (opposite KIMS)
Agarwal Eye Hospital
Medall Clumax Diagnostics
Hillside Hospital
Notable residents
H.D. Deve Gowda, Janata Dal (Secular) leader and former Prime Minister of India
Nissar Ahmed, Kannada writer
Transport
The area is well connected by the BMTC bus network.
Bus routes to Kempegowda Bus Terminus include 12B, 12C, 210N, 210NA, 210NB, 210ND, 210NF, 210P, 210J, 210KA, 210W, 210I.
Bus routes to KR Market include 15A, 210N, 210NA.
Bus routes to Shivajinagara include 13B, 182, 210H.
Bus route to Bhoopasandra - 279F.
Bus route to Kamala Nagara BEML Layout - TR-10 (210N-96D)
Nearest Namma Metro station is Banashankari (on the Green line).
References
External links
About Padmanabhanagar at Bangalorelookup
Neighbourhoods in Bangalore
OpenTag is a DASH7 protocol stack and minimal Real-Time Operating System (RTOS), written in the C programming language. It is designed to run on microcontrollers or radio Systems on a Chip (SoC). OpenTag was engineered to be a very compact software package. However, with proper configuration, it can also run in any POSIX environment. OpenTag can also provide all functionality required for any type of DASH7 Mode 2 device, rather than just the eponymous “tag”-type endpoint device.
Design philosophy
OpenTag implements DASH7 Mode 2, which specifies a monolithic system encompassing OSI layers one through six, part of layer seven, as well as the application layer. OpenTag is designed to be light and compact, as it is targeted to run on resource-constrained micro-controllers. As a monolithic system, it does not implement different layers of the OSI model in a way that will enable them to be deployed on systems that differ from the typical, and nearly universal, MCU+RF transceiver architecture, utilized by WSN and M2M nodes. However, the OpenTag RTOS employs an exokernel architecture (as of version 0.4), so a monolithic kernel is not required. Applications developed for OpenTag may safely reference the library or directly access the hardware, as befits the exokernel design model.
Features
It has a lightweight pre-emptive multitasking exokernel RTOS.
Most kernels use fixed priority tasks.
It contains a complete DASH7 Mode 2 protocol stack, including
Remote wake up;
Native query protocol; and
UDP & SCTP adaptation layers.
It uses a Wear-leveling, Flash-based lightweight filesystem (Veelite).
It has an internal C-based API.
It has an external NDEF-based messaging API for client-server interaction.
Implementation
OpenTag implements a multitasking real-time kernel designed specifically to implement DASH7. User tasks can be managed by the kernel, and they can preempt the kernel, although they must be allocated at compile-time. The scheduling frequency, or kernel resolution, is implementation-dependent, but it must be at least 1024 Hz and it must be an integer multiple of 1024 Hz.
Kernel events use callbacks to invoke custom application code, which are called "applets". Extensive templating is used to provide callback functionality that is efficient for embedded environments. Thus callbacks in OpenTag may be dynamic (assigned during runtime), or they may be static, which requires assignment at compile-time but reduces overhead. As OpenTag implements an exokernel, user tasks may either be managed entirely by the kernel, they may be managed partly by the kernel and partly by external events, or they may be managed entirely by external events. Communication between tasks and the kernel is accomplished through an API of system calls and a message pipe interface.
OpenTag's external API uses a simplified client-server model and NDEF for data wrapping. The NDEF wrapper is particularly used for wireline communication between client and server, where the client is typically a human-interface device and the server is the OpenTag SoC. The internal API is exposed in a 1:1 manner with the external API, permitting the client to act much like an external process of the OpenTag kernel.
Supported devices
At the time of writing, most OpenTag hardware is implemented on the Texas Instruments CC430 or MSP430 devices, which are endorsed for use with OpenTag. Current OpenTag source trees support many other MCUs and RF transceivers, however, such as various types of STM32, CC11xx, and Semtech SX12xx components.
References
The 1968 Hillingdon Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Hillingdon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Jefferson is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama, United States. It is the birthplace of sculptor Geneva Mercer.
Demographics
Jefferson appeared on the 1870 and 1880 U.S. Censuses. In 1870, it reported 233 residents. Of those, 143 (61%) were black and 90 (39%) were white. Racial demographics in 1880 were not reported. These were the only two occasions on which it appeared on census records.
History
It was founded in 1810, before Marengo was a county or Alabama was a state. Most of the original settlers were veterans of the American Revolution, including John Sample, John Gilmore, and Reuben Hildreth. The village was named Jefferson in 1820, after Thomas Jefferson, and that year saw the first church established. The population had reached 200 people by 1860 and the village contained two dry goods stores, one drugstore, a male and a female academy, a Masonic Lodge, a hotel, two tanneries, a wagon shop, and a blacksmith shop.
Geography
Jefferson is located at and has an elevation of .
Historic sites
Jefferson Historic District, added to the National Register of Historic Places on 13 December 1976.
Further reading
Angela McMillan Howell. Raised Up Down Yonder: Growing Up Black in Rural Alabama (University Press of Mississippi; 2013) 224 pages; an ethnographic study of high school students in fictional Hamilton a pseudonym for the community near Jefferson and John Essex High School.
References
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Marengo County, Alabama
Populated places established in 1810
Swedish Air Force Flying School (), also F 5 Ljungbyhed, or simply F 5, is a former Swedish Air Force training wing with the main base located in Ljungbyhed in southern Sweden.
History
The moor at Ljungby was adopted for military use in 1658 by the Scanian Hussar Regiment as a training ground. In 1910, the first flights were commenced from the grounds.
Enoch Thulin set up a public flying school on June 16, 1915.
In 1926, the newly formed Swedish Air Force set up their flying school at Ljungbyhed.
Between 1983 and 1996 the Air Force school of meteorology was also located at Ljungbyhed.
In 1996, F 5 Ljungbyhed was decommissioned and the pilot training was taken over by the Scania Wing (F 10).
Currently, Lund University School of Aviation has commercial flying training at Ljungbyhed Airport (ICAO: ESTL).
Heraldry and traditions
Coat of arms
The units first coat of arms was used until 1994. Blazon: "Azure, under three open crowns or placed two and one, an eagle wings elevated and displayed, on its breast a smaller sinister turned eagle, all or". Its second coat of arms was used from 1994 to 1998 and by the Flying School at F 10 from 1998 to 2002, and by the Flying School at F 16 from 2002 to 2003 and by the Flying School at F 17 from 2003. Blazon: "Or, an eagle azure wings elevated and displayed, on its breast a shield or with a smaller sinister turned eagle azure. On a chief azure a winged two-bladed propeller or".
Colours, standards and guidons
The units first colour was presented at F 8 at Barkarby on 6 June 1939 by His Majesty the King Gustaf V. Blazon: "On blue cloth in the centre the badge of the Air Force; a winged two-bladed propeller under a royal crown proper, all or. In the first corner, three yellow open crowns, arranged two and one".
The units second colour was presented at F 5 Ljungbyhed on 25 August 1996 by His Majesty the King Carl XVI Gustaf. The colour was used as school colour at the Scania Wing (F 10) from 1 July 1998 to 31 December 2002 and at the Uppland Wing (F 16) from 1 January 2003 to 31 December 2003. The colour was drawn by Kristina Åkerberg and embroidered by machine in insertion technique by Engelbrektsson flag factory. Blazon: "On blue cloth in the centre the badge of the Air Force; a winged two-bladed propeller under a royal crown proper. In the first corner an eagle, wings elevated and displayed, on its breast an escutcheon with a sinister-turned eagle. All décor in yellow".
March
”Krigsflygskolans marsch” composed by the headmaster of the municipal music school in Nynäshamn, Sverker Hållander. The march was adopted and established on 20 August 1984.
Commanding officers
Commanding officers from 1926 to 1998. The commanding officer was referred to as skolchef ("chief of school") and had the rank of colonel.
1926–1932: Arvid Flory
1932–1943: Åge Lundström
1943–1952: Ingemar Nygren
1952–1957: Knut Lindahl
1957–1965: Åke Rehnberg
1965–1971: Bengt Bellander
1971–1975: Åke Lönnberg
1975–1987: Per Widmark
1987–1998: Sven Sjöling
Names, designations and locations
See also
Swedish Air Force
List of military aircraft of Sweden
Footnotes
References
Notes
Print
Web
Further reading
External links
Webpage listing all air force squadrons in Sweden
Current use of the airbase grounds
Article about pilot training in the Swedish Air Force
Wings of the Swedish Air Force
Military education and training in Sweden
Military units and formations established in 1926
Military units and formations disestablished in 1998
1926 establishments in Sweden
1998 disestablishments in Sweden
Disbanded units and formations of Sweden
Carenum decorum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1888.
References
decorum
Beetles described in 1888
Gershon Tannenbaum (19492016) was the director of the Rabbinical Alliance of America (Iggud HaRabbonim) and a longtime Jewish Press columnist (Machberes).
His Machberes column, sometimes spanning more than one page,
was subtitled "News and Views of the Yeshivish and Chasidishe World." Tannenbaum, in noting a Yartzeit, would sometimes recount the individual's life story.
He was also the rabbi of the 1924-founded B'nai Israel of Linden Heights synagogue, in Boro Park.
Tannenbaum was involved in helping victims of abuse, and his concern was reflected in his writings.
My Machberes
Tannenbaum was known for his full page detailed writings in a long-running Jewish Press featured column. When the rabbi named by an Australian newspaper's "World's oldest rabbi visits Oz" headline
died a year later at age 106, the two line caption on the front-page photo of the funeral ended "see My Machberes."
Biography
Tannenbaum was born 1949 in a DP camp located in Windsheim, Germany. He continued the family history of service as a rabbi.
His rabbinical studies were both in Israel and the USA.
He is survived by his wife, their two sons who are rabbis, and two (married) daughters.
References
External links
Bais Din (Religious Court), Iggud HaRabanim (Rabbinical Alliance of America) official web site
American Orthodox rabbis
American writers
1949 births
2016 deaths
21st-century American Jews
"Bring a Torch, Jeanette, Isabella" () is a Christmas carol which originated from the Provence region of France in the 17th century. The song is usually notated in 3/8 time.
The carol was first published in France, and was subsequently translated into English in the 18th century. The song was originally not meant to be sung at Christmas; it was considered dance music for French nobility.
The carol first appeared in print with the Provençal text Venès lèu, Vèire la piéucello; Venès lèu, Genti pastourèu! in 1668 in a collection of twelve Provençal noëls by Nicolas Saboly. The popularity of the melody is attested by the fact that it was used four years later by Marc-Antoine Charpentier for the drinking song Qu'ils sont doux, bouteille jolie in a 1672 revival of Molière's Le médecin malgré lui.
Jeannette and Isabelle/Isabella in the song title are two female farmhands who have found the baby Jesus and his mother in a stable. Excited by this discovery, they run to a nearby village to tell the inhabitants, who rush to see the new arrivals. Visitors to the stable are urged to keep their voices quiet, so the newborn can enjoy his dreams.
To this day, on Christmas Eve in the Provence region, children dressed as shepherds and milkmaids carry torches and candles while singing the carol, on their way to Midnight Mass.
Lyrics
Alternative Lyrics:
Bring a torch, Jeannette, Isabella!
Bring a torch to the cradle run!
It is Jesus, good folk of the village;
Christ is born and Mary's calling:
Ah! ah! beautiful is the mother!
Ah! ah! beautiful is her Son!
It is wrong when the Child is sleeping
It is wrong to talk so loud;
Silence, all, as you gather around,
Lest your noise should waken Jesus:
Hush! hush! see how fast He slumbers:
Hush! hush! see how fast He sleeps!
Softly to the little stable,
Softly for the moment come;
Look and see how charming is Jesus,
See how He smiles, Oh see how rosy!
Hush! hush! see how the Child is sleeping;
Hush! hush! see how He smiles in dreams.
References
Christmas carols
At My Age is an album by Nick Lowe released in June 2007 by Proper Records. It was recorded in London and produced by Nick Lowe and Neil Brockbank.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Nick Lowe except where noted.
"A Better Man" – 2:16
"Long Limbed Girl" – 2:52
"I Trained Her to Love Me" (Lowe, Robert Treherne) – 2:59
"The Club" – 2:36
"Hope for Us All" – 3:42
"People Change" – 2:55
"The Man in Love" (Charlie Feathers, Quinton Claunch, William Cantrell) – 2:08
"Love's Got a Lot to Answer For" – 3:02
"Rome Wasn't Built in a Day" – 2:42
"Not Too Long Ago" (Joe Stampley, Merle Kilgore) – 2:20
"The Other Side of the Coin" – 2:47
"Feel Again" (Faron Young) – 2:48
Personnel
Musicians
Nick Lowe – lead vocals, rhythm guitar, electric bass
Robert Treherne – drums, backing vocals
Geraint Watkins – organ, piano
Steve Donnelly – lead guitar
Matt Radford – double bass
Matt Holland – trumpet, flugelhorn, piano solo on "People Change"
Martin Winning – tenor saxophone, clarinet
Bill Kirchen – 6-string bass on "The Club"
Chris Barber – trombone on "The Other Side Of The Coin"
Chrissie Hynde – backing vocals on "People Change"
Neil Brockbank – Vox organ on "The Club" and "People Change"
Bob Loveday – violin and viola on "People Change", "Rome" and "Feel Again"
Linnea Svensson – backing vocals on "Hope For Us All"
Anna Harvey – backing vocals on "Feel Again"
Nick Payne – baritone saxophone on "Rome" and "Not Too Long Ago"
Production
Produced by Nick Lowe, Neil Brockbank
Recorded at Goldtop Studio, Chalk Farm, London and RAK Studio, St John's Wood, London
Phil Hankinson - cover illustration
Charts
Sweden-10
References
External links
2007 albums
Nick Lowe albums
Albums produced by Nick Lowe
Proper Records albums
Yep Roc Records albums
State Route 971 (SR 971) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington. It runs for and primarily serves Lake Chelan State Park, with both of its termini at U.S. Route 97 Alternate (US 97A) southwest of Chelan. SR 971 has the highest highway number in the state.
The highway traverses Navarre Coulee along the route of a 19th-century road that was later connected to Chelan in the 1910s. Both roads were paved in the 1960s and incorporated into SR 971 when it was established by the state legislature in 1991.
Route description
SR 971 begins at a junction with US 97A on the Columbia River near the former town of Winesap, approximately north of Entiat. The highway travels northwest along Ficher Canyon and turns north to follow Navarre Coulee, which cuts through an arm of the Chelan Mountains at the eastern end of the Okanogan–Wenatchee National Forest and near the Chelan State Wildlife Area. After passing several small farms, SR 971 climbs the Barrett Grade, which runs northeast and northwest in a narrower and heavily-forested part of the coulee. The highway then turns northeast in its descent towards Lake Chelan and rounds a hairpin turn to the northwest before reaching South Lakeshore Road near Lake Chelan State Park.
Adjacent to the state park entrance, SR 971 turns east onto South Lakeshore Road, which continues along Lake Chelan towards Twenty-Five Mile Creek State Park. The highway travels east along the shore of Lake Chelan, passing small marinas as well as homes on the lakefront and on the steep cliffs to the south. Near Bear Mountain, SR 971 passes several vineyards and terminates at a junction with US 97A west of the town of Chelan.
SR 971 is the highest-numbered state highway in Washington. The highway is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT), who conduct an annual survey of traffic volume that is expressed in terms of average annual daily traffic (AADT), a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year. Average daily traffic volumes on SR 971 in 2016 ranged from a minimum of 680 vehicles near the Barrett Grade to a maximum of 2,600 vehicles near its northern terminus.
History
An unpaved road along Navarre Coulee from the Columbia River to the summit overlooking Lake Chelan was built in the late 19th century. The Chelan County government began surveying a new road along the south shore of Lake Chelan in 1910 with the intent of connecting it to a new route over Navarre Coulee. The two roads would serve as an alternative to the existing Wenatchee–Chelan road via the steeper Knapp Coulee.
The gravel road along Navarre Coulee and the lakeshore was rebuilt by the county government in 1947, with sections straightened and widened before being oiled. The road was paved over several stages in the 1960s, in part with funds from the state government. The state legislature established SR 971 on the corridor in 1991, allowing for WSDOT to take over maintenance of the road the following year. The state government funded a major resurfacing project in 1996 and the replacement of a fish culvert on First Creek in 1999.
Major intersections
References
External links
Highways of Washington State
971
Transportation in Chelan County, Washington
Trone may refer to:
David Trone (born 1955), American businessman and politician; U.S. Representative from Maryland
Trône/Troon metro station, a Brussels metro station
Trône, a 2017 album by Booba
See also
Trones (disambiguation)
Paul Byers Trevithick (born 1959) is currently a client partner and senior director at EPAM, advisor to early-stage startups, technologist, privacy advocate, and entrepreneur.
Education
He grew up in Ottawa, Canada, attended MIT, and received a Bachelor of Science in electrical engineering and computer science in 1981 and was a research assistant at the MIT Media Lab in 1981 and 1982.
Career
In 1981, he co-founded Lightspeed Computers which was ultimately acquired by DuPont. He was CEO and co-founder in 1985 of Archetype, Inc. which became the Pageflex division of Bitstream Inc. in April 1997. Trevithick then served as Bitstream's vice president of marketing, and starting in August 1998 its president.
Trevithick has contributed to World Wide Web Consortium, PODI, Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards (OASIS), and ITU-T standards efforts. He was granted the Seybold Industry Vision award in 1999.
Trevithick led the development of the Experimental Laboratory for Investigating Collaboration, Information-sharing, and Trust (ELICIT) web-based platform under contract to the United States Department of Defense (OASD/NII) Command and Control Research Program (CCRP). ELICIT is a tool used in social science research.
He joined EPAM in Dec 2013 and is currently a client partner and senior director.
Work on information privacy and personal data
From 2003 to 2009, Trevithick worked on open source identity software for Internet security, and privacy for digital identities and social networks on the Internet. He co-authored a paper on "Identity and Resilience" that was one of the 100 papers cited as informing the 2009 US White House CyberPolicy Review.
He initiated and co-led what became the Eclipse Foundation's Higgins project. Supporting this effort, he co-founded the SocialPhysics project in collaboration with the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society and co-founded the IdentityGang, now a part of Identity Commons. In 2008 Trevithick founded the Information Card Foundation and served as its chair. In 2009 he co-founded and was a co-chair of the Kantara Initiative Universal Login User Experience Working Group. Trevithick is a past member of the Kantara Leadership Council and a steward of Identity Commons.
In 2009, Trevithick founded Azigo and was until 2020 its chairman.
His most recent article on personal data is User-exclusive Data.
In 2021 he founded The Mee Project, a non-profit whose mission is to rebalance the power asymmetry between users and online service providers by creating trusted, private relationships based on a new approach to information privacy embodied in decentralized, human-centric software.
Footnotes
1959 births
Living people
People from Winston-Salem, North Carolina
21st-century American engineers
American chief executives
American chief technology officers
American chief operating officers
MIT School of Engineering alumni
Henderson v. United States, 568 U.S. 266 (2013), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held regardless of whether a legal question was settled or unsettled at the time of trial, an error is "plain" within the meaning of Rule 52(b) of Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure so long as the error was plain at the time of appellate review.
Background
Armarcion D. Henderson pleaded guilty to possessing a firearm while being a felon; a federal violation. The sentencing guideline range was 33–41 months, but the judge sentenced Henderson to 60 months to ensure that he had the opportunity to enroll in the Bureau of Prisons drugs program. Henderson's counsel did not object to the sentence, but, on appeal, Henderson claimed that the District Court plainly erred in increasing his sentence solely for rehabilitative purposes. Eight days after sentencing, Henderson filed a motion to correct the sentence. The district court denied the motion.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed, holding that Henderson did not preserve the error for correction under the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, so the court reviewed the decision for "plain error". Henderson did not show plain error because the error was not clear under current law at the time of trial. The court of appeals denied a petition for rehearing.
While the appeal was pending, this Court decided in Tapia v. United States that it is an error for a court to "impose or lengthen a prison sentence to enable an offender to complete a treatment program or otherwise to promote rehabilitation." While this meant that the District Court's sentence was erroneous, the Fifth Circuit determined that Rule 52(b) did not give it authority to correct the error. In doing so, it concluded that an error is "plain" under the rule only if it was clear under current law at the time of trial, but that, in this case, Circuit law was unsettled until Tapia was decided.
Opinion of the Court
Justice Breyer delivered the majority opinion of the Court in a 6–3 decision. A federal court of appeals normally will not correct a legal error made in criminal trial court proceedings unless the defendant first brought the error to the trial court's attention. But Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 52(b), creating an exception to the normal rule, says that "[a] plain error that affects substantial rights may be considered even though it was not brought to the [trial] court's attention." The Rule does not say explicitly, however, as of just what time the error must be "plain". Must the lower court ruling be plainly erroneous as of the time the lower court made the error? Or can an error still count as "plain" if the erroneous nature of that ruling is not "plain" until the time of appellate review? The case before us concerns a District Court's decision on a substantive legal question that was unsettled at the time the trial court acted, thus foreclosing the possibility that any error could have been "plain" then. Before the case was final and at the time of direct appellate review, however, the question had become settled in the defendant's favor, making the trial court's error "plain"—but not until that later time. In our view, as long as the error was plain as of that later time—the time of appellate review— the error is "plain" within the meaning of the Rule. And the Court of Appeals "may...conside[r]" the error even though it was "not brought to the [trial] court's attention".
Justice Scalia wrote a dissenting opinion in which he argued that an issue of law that is unsettled at the time of the trial cannot be considered "plain error" for the purposes of appellate review. An error can only be plain if it should have been obvious to the court and the prosecution at the time of the trial. Justices Thomas and Alito joined in the dissent.
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
2013 in United States case law
Vladimir "Vanja" Grbić (; born 14 December 1970) is a Serbian former volleyball player. He is 193 cm and played as passer-side attacker. He is Nikola Grbić's brother and a member of the Volleyball Hall of Fame.
Career
With the national volleyball team of FR Yugoslavia, he won a gold medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal in 1996 at Atlanta.
Yugoslav Olympic Committee declared Grbić the best sportsman of the year in 1996 and 2000, and in the 1999 and 2000, he received a Golden Badge, award for best athlete in Yugoslavia.
In December 2010, he briefly considered making a comeback to the sport at the age of 40 due to an offer from Iran. Grbić visited the country in late December but came back dissatisfied saying that terms promised to him were not met and ended up not signing the contract. Vladimir and Nikola's father Miloš Grbić was also into volleyball and was a team member Yugoslavia. Vladimir's wife Sara Grbić-Peković dealt with karate.
Vladimir played in a total of 242 matches for his National Team until his retirement in 2009 at the age of 38. Vladimir Grbić was known for his powerful attacks and precision passing on the volleyball court, but was a true sportsman representing Yugoslavia and then Serbia with the highest of moral standards and his exceptional character.
Clubs
External links
Player profile at fenerbahce.org
References
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Zrenjanin
Serbian men's volleyball players
Yugoslav men's volleyball players
Olympic volleyball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic volleyball players of Serbia and Montenegro
Olympic gold medalists for Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Olympic bronze medalists for Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Volleyball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
PAOK V.C. players
Fenerbahçe volleyballers
Olympic medalists in volleyball
European champions for Serbia and Montenegro
Serbia and Montenegro men's volleyball players
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Competitors at the 1991 Mediterranean Games
Serbian expatriates in Italy
Expatriate volleyball players in Italy
Serbian expatriates in Brazil
Expatriate volleyball players in Brazil
Serbian expatriates in Japan
Expatriate volleyball players in Japan
Serbian expatriates in Greece
Expatriate volleyball players in Greece
Serbian expatriates in Russia
Expatriate volleyball players in Russia
Serbian expatriates in Turkey
Expatriate volleyball players in Turkey
Mediterranean Games medalists in volleyball
LYS-16 was an early microcomputer based on the IMP-16 making it one of the first 16 bit microcomputers. It was designed and made by members of the Lysator academic computer club at Linköping University, Sweden
It was introduced in April 1975 and the first computers were delivered in December the same year. Two batches were made by Lysator before the production was handed over to ATEW in Flen who continued to produce it until May 1978. About 1000 units were made. For display it used an ordinary TV and for storage a tape recorder. A rudimentary operating system was available.
References
External links
The Lys-16 Microcomputer
Lys-16 image archive
Early microcomputers
Computer-related introductions in 1975
Benjamin Randolph may refer to:
Benjamin Randolph (cabinetmaker) (1721–1791), American cabinetmaker
Benjamin F. Randolph (1820–1868), African American educator, Methodist minister and politician
Măgura is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Crihan, Dealu Mare, Măgura and Sohodol.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Henutwati or Ta-Henutwati was an ancient Egyptian queen of the Twentieth Dynasty; the Great Royal Wife of Ramesses V.
Henutwati's estate is mentioned in the Wilbour Papyrus, a document dated to the reign of Ramesses V. Based on this document, Henutwati is thought to be a wife of this King, but it is possible she dates to an earlier period.
Wolfram Grajetzki gives the hieroglyphs as transcribed from hieratic as follows:
M23-t:n-G7-N41:t*N33-G7-Z5-Z5-Z5-s-G36:r-t:A-H-W24:t*Z5-wa:a-U33-i
Sources
12th-century BC Egyptian women
Queens consort of the Twentieth Dynasty of Egypt
Ramesses V
Philip Mark Quast (born 30 July 1957) is an Australian actor and singer. He has won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical three times, making him the first actor to have three wins in that category.
He is perhaps best known for his role as Inspector Javert in the stage musical Les Misérables and in the Les Misérables: The Dream Cast in Concert.
He is also well-known for numerous theatre roles, including Georges Seurat in Stephen Sondheim's Sunday in the Park with George and Emile de Becque in Rodgers and Hammerstein's South Pacific. He is also known for appearances in film and for his roles in television shows such as Ultraviolet, Brides of Christ, and Play School.
Early life and education
Quast, one of three children, was born in 1957 in Tamworth, New South Wales. His family lived and worked on a mixed but predominantly turkey farm. He graduated from the National Institute of Dramatic Art in 1979.
Acting career
1980s
After graduating from the National Institute of Dramatic Art in 1979 and began his career in the resident acting company of the State Theatre Company of South Australia. In the early 1980s he appeared in plays such as The Mystery Plays of Wakefield, Three Sisters, On The Wallaby, Pericles, A Month in the Country, As You Like It, Pygmalion, A Hard God, No End of Blame, The Threepenny Opera, Shark Infested Waters, Candide with Nimrod Theatre Company, and a musical adaption of Carmen which he debuted with the Melbourne Theatre Company.
In 1981, Quast also began appearing as a presenter on the Australian children's show Play School, a program he would return to on-and-off again for 17 years.
Quast shot to prominence in 1987 when he appeared as Javert in the original Australian production of Les Misérables. This performance won him a Sydney Critic Award and a MO Award. In 1989, he traveled to London to play Javert on the West End stage.
Quast never expected to gain such a prominent role, going to the auditions hoping simply for a place in the chorus. Because he was not able to sight-read music, he walked off the stage at the audition but was called back by Claude-Michel Schönberg and eventually given the part as Javert.
Quast credits much of his success as Javert to stage director Trevor Nunn. "Javert for me is not the Wicked Witch of the West," Quast has said. "In fact, there is very little material to work with in the script. Trevor would say things in passing like 'Have you read the Ten Commandments recently?' That's all he would say. If you're thirsty enough, you can follow it up ... there was the whole basis of our legal system and the explanation for the whole of Les Mis. For me, that's inspired directing. That's why he's such an awesome man."
When playing Javert, Quast gained a reputation as a perfectionist. He also began experiencing intense bouts of stagefright. "I had a terrible time," he said. "It took me a month to get over it. At one stage I wasn't sleeping at all but lying awake planning speeches to the audience about being sorry and could I start again."
1990s
Quast's stage success continued as he won the coveted role of Georges Seurat in the original London production of Stephen Sondheim's Sunday in the Park with George for the Royal National Theatre.
In 1991 he won his first Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical as Georges Seurat and George. Quast was under a large amount of stress when preparing for Sunday in the Park with George, as he struggled to master Sondheim's complicated musical scores (Sondheim told him: "you don't play tennis against people you can beat."), learn to paint and sketch for the play, and waited for the impending birth of his first son, who was due five days after opening night.
In 1993 he returned to Australia to play in Sydney Theatre Company productions of William Shakespeare's Coriolanus and Sondheim's Into the Woods, in which he played The Wolf/Cinderella's Prince. He then played Dunois in Bernard Shaw's Saint Joan in the West End and on a UK tour in 1994. In 1994–96 he spent two seasons with the Royal Shakespeare Company, performing as Fred/Chorus in A Christmas Carol, and King of Navarre in Shakespeare's Love's Labour's Lost, as well as Lodovico in The White Devil, Banquo in Macbeth, and Achilles in Troilus and Cressida. Before returning for a second season with the RSC, he spent some time back in Australia, performing in the national tour of The Secret Garden as Dr. Neville Craven – along with Anthony Warlow and Marina Prior.
2000s
Musical theatre
Quast played the part of Javert on the Les Misérables Complete Symphonic Recording, and in Hey, Mr. Producer, a concert in honour of Sir Cameron Mackintosh.
Though mainly a baritone, Quast has played some roles written for tenors, namely George (see above), Candide, and Archibald Craven in The Secret Garden. Although he is known for his serious roles, he has also performed comedic parts, such as his 2004 appearance as the pompous Miles Gloriosus in a limited run revival of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum at the Royal National Theatre.
Quast more recently played the supporting role of Juan Peron in Andrew Lloyd Webber's 2006 production of Evita at the Adelphi Theatre in London. He was nominated for an Olivier award for this role. In July 2007, Quast performed the role of Judge Turpin in a concert version of Sweeney Todd at London's Royal Festival Hall.
He was most recently in the Menier Chocolate Factory production of Jerry Herman's La Cage aux Folles as Georges.
Quast rejoined the cast of La Cage on 4 May 2009 with Roger Allam. Coincidentally, both actors have performed in the role of Javert in Les Misérables. From July 2010, he played Mr. Banks in the Australian premiere production of Mary Poppins at Melbourne's Her Majesty's Theatre, a part Cameron Mackintosh offered to him in the bathroom of The Ivy in London. He won the 2010 Victorian Green Room Award (Melbourne's top theatre awards) for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical for his performance. He also won the 2011 Helpmann award for "Best Featured Actor in a Musical" for Mary Poppins.
In March 2014, New York audiences were treated to a special limited engagement of Sweeney Todd at Lincoln Center's Avery Fisher Hall. Quast, in his New York stage debut, performed as Judge Turpin, with Bryn Terfel as Sweeney Todd and Emma Thompson as Mrs. Lovett. The show was scheduled to be broadcast as part of Live at Lincoln Center's television special in September 2014.
Theatre
In 2003, he appeared as Antonio in Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice, directed by Gale Edwards and as Trigorin in Chekhov's The Seagull, directed by Steven Pimlott, both at the Chichester Festival Theatre. In 2012, he played the role of Sir Humphrey Appleby in an Australian production of Yes, Prime Minister. In August/September 2012, he performed the role of Walter Burns in Melbourne Theatre Company's production of His Girl Friday. In November 2013 he joined Hugo Weaving and Richard Roxburgh in Sydney Theatre Company's production of Samuel Beckett's Waiting For Godot. In May/June 2014, Quast played the role of Pastor Manders in Henrik Ibsen's play Ghosts at the Melbourne Theatre Company directed by Gale Edwards.
Theatre
Personal life
Quast and his wife Carol have three sons (Harry, Toby, and Edwin). He also teaches at the National Institute of Dramatic Art in Sydney, Australia. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Quast continued teaching through Zoom calls.
Quast married Carol in 1981 and they were married for almost ten years before having the first of their three sons. He has been noted for his humble nature, stating he doesn't seek after fame and is concerned that success is measured by notoriety instead of the respect of one's peers. He doesn't keep any of his awards, instead sending them to his parents' home in Australia.
Quast was named as one of the 25 Most Beautiful People for 1996 in Who Weekly magazine. In an article for the magazine he said, "The problem with this business is that you have to supposedly look as good as you can all the time. And I hate that. My idea of doing my hair is sticking it out of the window of a car when it's wet."
A baritone, Quast has been universally applauded by critics for his singing voice, which has been described as "warm", and "glorious."
He was named by British newspaper The Stage as "one of the most notable singing actors to come along in years".
Quast has a strong passion for fishing, and he spent his time during the COVID-19 pandemic fishing, cooking, pickling and preserving.
Awards
Laurence Olivier Awards
Quast has won three Laurence Olivier Awards for Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical, behind only Judi Dench and Ian McKellen.
1991 – for Stephen Sondheim's Sunday in the Park with George in the role of Georges Seurat and George
1998 – for the Dempsey and Rowe musical The Fix as Grahame Chandler
2002 – for Rodgers and Hammerstein's South Pacific in which he played Emille de Becque
Mo Awards
The Australian Entertainment Mo Awards (commonly known informally as the Mo Awards), were annual Australian entertainment industry awards. They recognise achievements in live entertainment in Australia from 1975 to 2016. Philip Quast won three awards in that time.
(wins only)
|-
| 1988
| Philip Quast
| Male Musical Theatre Performer of the Year
|
|-
|rowspan="2"| 1993
| Philip Quast
| Male Musical Theatre Performer of the Year
|
|-
| Philip Quast
| Musical Theatre Performer of the Year
|
|-
Other Awards
2022 – Appointed Member of the Order of Australia in the 2022 Queen's Birthday Honours for "significant service to the arts as a performer, mentor and educator".
2011 – Helpmann Awards – Best Actor in a Supporting Role in a Musical (Mary Poppins)
2011 – Green Room Awards – Male Artist in a Featured Role (Mary Poppins)
1993 – Sydney Theatre Critics Award – Best Actor in a Leading Role (Into the Woods)
1988 – Sydney Theatre Critics Award: Best Actor of the Year (Les Misérables)
Cast recordings
Philip Quast has appeared in the cast recordings for many musicals, but has also released his own album, Live at the Donmar, containing both covers and original material.
Musical cast recordings:
Mary Poppins - Original Australian Cast Recording (2011)
Evita – London Cast Recording (2006)
The Secret Garden – Original London Cast Recording (2001)
South Pacific (Royal National Theatre Production – 2001 London Cast)
The Fix – Original London Cast Recording (1997)
Les Misérables: The Dream Cast in Concert (1995)
The Secret Garden – Original Australian Cast Recording (1995)
Paris – Studio Cast Recording (1990)
Les Misérables: The Complete Symphonic Recording (1989)
Film and television
Quast has also made numerous appearances on television, in motion pictures and in dramatic theatre. Major roles include:
Between Two Worlds (2020) (TV) – Phillip Walford
Operation Buffalo (2020) (TV) – Prof Quentin Ratchett
Picnic at Hanging Rock (2018) (TV) – Arthur Appleyard
Hacksaw Ridge (2016) – Judge
Janet King (2016) (TV) – Lincoln Priest
Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries (2015) (TV) – Dr. Hayden Samuels
The Devil's Double (2011) – Saddam Hussein
Bed of Roses (2008) - (TV) - Tim Price
Silent Witness (2008) (TV) – Leonid Polyak
Clubland (2007)
The Caterpillar Wish (2006) – Carl Roberts
Midsomer Murders – Ghosts of Christmas Past – (2004) – Ross Villiers
Corridors of Power (2001) (TV) – Michael Fielding MP
Ultraviolet (1998) (TV) – Father Pearse Harman
The Damnation of Harvey McHugh (ABC-TV; 1995) – The Minister
Brides of Christ (ABC-TV mini-series; 1991) – Ian McGregor
The First Kangaroos (1988) – Alex Burdon
To Market (1987)
Emoh Ruo (1985)
Sons and Daughters (Grundy Television Production) – Bob "Mitch" Mitchell (TV; 1984)
The Young Doctors (Grundy Television Production) – Dr Rob Hawkins (TV; 1982–83)
Play School (1981–96)
References
External links
The Philip Quast Continuum: The Official Philip Quast Website
The Philip Quast Guide
Winners of the Laurence Olivier Award
1957 births
Australian male television actors
Australian male stage actors
Australian male musical theatre actors
Australian bass-baritones
Helpmann Award winners
Living people
Australian operatic baritones
Laurence Olivier Award winners
Members of the Order of Australia
National Institute of Dramatic Art alumni
Australian expatriates in the United Kingdom
People from Tamworth, New South Wales
Australian children's television presenters
20th-century Australian male singers
20th-century Australian male actors
Britt Wadner (16 January 16, 1915 Linköping - 13 March 1987 Båstad) was a Swedish pirate radio manager.
Career
In 1959, she became an ad manager for Radio Syd. In 1962, the Pirate Radio Act (also called "Lex Radio Nord") was introduced in Sweden, which banned ownership of radio transmitters and also prohibited broadcasts from international waters if they disrupted Swedish Radio. She purchased her boat Cheeta I, and continued broadcasting.
In 1966, she moved to the Gambia, where she was involved in radio and tourism and was also allowed to broadcast from land.
Imprisonment
Wadner was sentenced three times for violation of the law, the last time being given three months in prison. The sentence was served at the Hinseberg women's prison.
Further reading
See also
Pirate radio in Europe
References
1987 deaths
1915 births
Swedish models
Robert McClellan (October 2, 1806 – June 28, 1860) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Born in Livingston, New York, McClellan was graduated from Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts, in 1825.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and practiced his profession in Middleburgh, New York from 1828 to 1843.
McClellan was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1837 – March 3, 1839).
McClellan was elected to the Twenty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1841 – March 3, 1843).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Patents (Twenty-seventh Congress).
He died in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York, June 28, 1860.
He was interred in Greenwood Cemetery.
Sources
1806 births
1860 deaths
Williams College alumni
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
People from Livingston, New York
People from Middleburgh, New York
19th-century American politicians
A scimitar ( or ) is a single-edged sword with a convex curved blade associated with Middle Eastern, South Asian, or North African cultures. A European term, scimitar does not refer to one specific sword type, but an assortment of different Eastern curved swords inspired by types introduced to the Middle East by Central Asian ghilmans. These swords include the Persian shamshir (the origin of the word scimitar), the Arab saif, the Indian talwar, the North African nimcha, and the Turkish kilij. All such swords are originally derived from earlier curved swords developed in Turkic Central Asia (Turkestan).
Etymology
The English term scimitar is attested from the mid-16th century and derives from either the Middle French cimeterre (15th century) or from the Italian scimitarra. The ultimate source of these terms is corruptions of the Persian shamshir. Scimitar became used to describe all curved oriental blades, in contrast to the straight and double edged European swords of the time.
The term saif in Arabic can refer to any Middle Eastern (or North African, South Asian) sword, straight or curved. Saif cognates with the ancient Greek xiphos, which may have been borrowed from a Semitic language, as both saif and xiphos go back to an old (Bronze Age) wanderwort of the eastern Mediterranean of unknown ultimate origin. Richard F. Burton derives both words from the Egyptian sfet.
History of use
The earliest evidence of scimitars is from the 9th century among soldiers in Khurasan. They were used in horse warfare because of their relatively light weight when compared to larger swords and their curved design, good for slashing opponents while riding on a horse. Nomadic horsemen learned from experience that a curved edge is better for cutting strikes because the arc of the blade matches that of the sweep of the rider's arm as they slash the target while galloping. Mongols, Rajputs and Sikhs used scimitars in warfare, among many other peoples.
The scimitar was widespread throughout the Middle East from at least the Ottoman period until the age of smokeless powder firearms relegated swords to dress and ceremonial function. The Egyptian khopesh, brought to Egypt by the Hyksos, resembled scimitars. The khopesh is sometimes considered a scimitar. Early swords in Islamic lands were typically straight and double edged, following the tradition of the weapons used by the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Though the famous double edged sword, Zulfiqar wielded by Ali was of a curved design, the curved design was probably introduced into central Islamic lands by Turkic warriors from central Asia who were employed as royal body-guards in the 9th century and an Abbasid era blade has been discovered from Khurasan. These Turkic warriors sported an early type of sabre which had been used in central Asia since the 7th century, but failed to gain wider appeal initially in Islamic lands. There is a single surviving Seljuk saber from approximately the year 1200, which may indicate that under that empire curved blades saw some popularity. Following the Mongol invasions of the 13th century the curved swords favored by the Turkic cavalry, formed lasting impacts across much of the Middle East. The adoption of these swords was incremental, starting not long after Mongol conquest, and lasting well into the 15th century. During Islamization of the Turks, the kilij became more and more popular in the Islamic armies. When the Seljuk Empire invaded Persia and became the first Turkic Muslim political power in Western Asia, kilij became the dominant sword form. The Iranian shamshir was created during the Turkic Seljuk Empire period of Iran.
Symbolism
The scimitar has been a symbol since ancient times. To the Akkadians, the scimitar, or harpe, was represented in art as something held by kings and the goddess Ishtar. In the Old Babylonian period, art depicts gods such as Marduk, Ishtar, Ninurta, and Nergal holding scimitars as a symbol of royalty. A common scene depicted in this period is a king or a god trampling on an enemy, a scimitar in their left hand.
The sword (or saif) is an important symbol in Arab cultures, and is used as a metaphor in many phrases in the Arabic language.
The word occurs also in various symbolic and status titles in Arabic (and adopted in other languages) used in Islamic states, notably:
In the Yemenite independent imamate:
Saif al-Haqq, meaning "Sword of Truth".
Saif al-Islam "Sword of submission to Allah" or "Sword of Islam", was a subsidiary title borne (after their name and patronym) by male members of the al-Qasimi dynasty (whose primary title, before the name, was Amir), especially sons of the ruling Imam.
Sayf al-Dawla and variations mean "Sword of the State".
Saif Ullah Al-masloul the "drawn sword of God" was conferred by Muhammad, uniquely, to the recent convert and military commander Khalid ibn al-Walid.
Saif ul-Mulk "sword of the realm" was an honorary title awarded by the Mughal Padshahs of Hind (India), e.g. as one of the personal titles (including Nawab bahadur, one rank above his dynasty's) conferred in 1658 by the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb to Nawab Muhammad Bayazid Khan Bahadur, a high mansabdar, whose jagir of Malerkotla was by sanad raised to Imperial riyasat, thus becoming an independent ruler.
Saif ul-Ali, "Sword of Ali", referring to arguably most famous sword in Islamic history, belonging to both Muhammad, and later, Ali, Zulfikar, and with which Ali slew a Makkan foot soldier, cleaving both his helmet and head, at the Battle of Uhud, and with which he (Ali) slew Amr, a ferocious and devastating Makkan soldier at the Battle of the Trench at Madinah.
Saif and Saif al Din "Sword of the religion" are also common masculine (and male) Islamic names.
The scimitar appears as a symbol of the Russians in the Finnish coat of arms of the Province of Karelia, which depicts two armored arms fighting with swords - one Western and one Eastern, representing Karelia's troubled history as a border region between the east and the west. From this context, the sword and scimitar have found their way into the coat of arms of Finland, which depicts a lion brandishing a sword and trampling a scimitar.
In Islamophobia: Making Muslims the Enemy, Peter Gottschalk and Gabriel Greenberg argue that the scimitar has been appropriated by Western culture and Hollywood to symbolize Arab Muslims in a negative light. Even though Muslims used straight-edge swords for the first two centuries of the Crusades, European Christians may have more closely tied the Christian cross-like shape of the swords to their cause. The authors commented that American cartoonists use the scimitar to symbolize "Muslim barbarity", despite the irony in scimitars being worn with some American military uniforms.
In European art
In Shakespeare's works, the scimitar was a symbol for the East and the Islamic world.
Scimitars were used in 19th century orientalist depictions of Middle Eastern men. In the 20th century, they were often used to indicate that a character was Middle Eastern and occupying a villain role.
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Middle Eastern swords
Single-edged swords
Blade weapons
Weapons of the Ottoman Empire
Ibrahim Yalatif Diabate (born 17 November 1999) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club RCD Mallorca B.
Club career
Born in Bouaké, Diabate was promoted to ASEC Mimosas' first team in September 2017, after a loan period at Ligue 2 side Ivoire Académie. In August 2018, after 11 appearances in all competitions, he signed for RCD Mallorca and was initially assigned to the reserves in Tercera División.
On 2 September 2019, after scoring 16 goals as his side missed out promotion in the play-offs, Diabate was loaned to Sevilla Atlético for one year, with a buyout clause. Upon returning in July 2020, he was assigned back at Mallorca B.
Diabate made his first team debut for the Bermellones on 6 January 2021, coming on as a second-half substitute for Álex Alegría in a 2–2 away draw against CF Fuenlabrada, as his side was knocked out on penalties, for the season's Copa del Rey. His Segunda División debut occurred four days later, as he replaced Dani Rodríguez in a 0–1 home loss against UD Las Palmas.
On 1 February 2021, Diabate moved to Atlético Madrid B in the third division on loan for the remainder of the campaign.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Bouaké
Ivorian footballers
Association football forwards
ASEC Mimosas players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Tercera Federación players
RCD Mallorca B players
Sevilla Atlético players
RCD Mallorca players
Atlético Madrid B players
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
1996 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1996 ACC men's basketball tournament
1996 ACC women's basketball tournament
1996 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
1996 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
1996 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
1996 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
The 2012 Sporting Kansas City season was the seventeenth season of the team's existence in Major League Soccer and the second year played under the Sporting Kansas City moniker.
Overview
Preseason
Late 2011
Preparations for the 2012 Major League Soccer season began only a day after the 2011 MLS Cup. On November 21, 2011, Ryan Smith was traded to Chivas USA for 1st and 3rd round draft picks in the 2012 MLS Supplemental Draft. Later the same day, all MLS teams were required to submit a list of 11 protected players for the 2011 MLS Expansion Draft to be held for the newly formed Montreal Impact. The club chose to protect Davy Arnaud, Matt Besler, Teal Bunbury, Aurélien Collin, Roger Espinoza, Kei Kamara, Chance Myers, Jimmy Nielsen, Júlio César, C. J. Sapong, and Graham Zusi.
During the expansion draft on November 23, the Montreal Impact selected unprotected Sporting leftback Seth Sinovic. Later the same day, Sporting KC waived Scott Lorenz, Miloš Stojčev, Craig Rocastle, and Jéferson. The following Monday (November 28), Sporting traded team captain Davy Arnaud to the Montreal Impact for Sinovic and allocation money. The club also announced that starting goalkeeper Jimmy Nielsen signed a contract extension through the 2013 season, with an option for the 2014 season. On November 29, Sporting KC acquired Paulo Nagamura from Chivas USA for the 1st round supplemental draft pick that was part of the November 21 Ryan Smith trade.
In December, Sporting traded an international roster slot to the San Jose Earthquakes in exchange for two-time MLS All-Star and World Cup veteran winger Bobby Convey. Later in December, Sporting and Mexican club Cruz Azul agreed to a deal that would see Omar Bravo return to his home country.
Early 2012
Sporting Kansas City resumed its off-season transactions at the 2012 MLS SuperDraft and 2012 MLS Supplemental Draft. Generation adidas forward Dom Dwyer of South Florida was selected 16th overall in the SuperDraft, and he was joined by defender Cyprian Hedrick of Coastal Carolina in the second round. Between the two drafts, Sporting acquired the rights to local product Michael Thomas from the Earthquakes in exchange for a fourth-round supplemental pick. Thomas officially signed on January 18. On January 17, Sporting selected Shawn Singh, Pablo Punyed, Stefan Antonijevic, and Kyle Miller in the 2012 MLS Supplemental Draft. On January 19, yet another trade with the Earthquakes saw the acquisition of forward Jacob Peterson. On February 22, defender Daneil Cyrus was waived.
Squad
First team roster
As of December 12, 2012.
Formation
<div style="position: relative;">
{{Image label|x=0.25|y=0.12|scale=350|text=<span style="font-size:0.8em; color:Gold;">'Bunbury</span>}}
</div>
Player movement
In
Out
Loans
In
Out
Major League Soccer
League table
Eastern Conference standings
Results summary
Match results
Preseason
2012 Disney Pro Soccer Classic
Exhibition Matches
Regular season
MLS Cup Playoffs Houston Dynamo won 2–1 on aggregate''
U.S. Open Cup
Friendly Matches
Recognition
AT&T Goal of the Week
MLS Save of the Week
MLS All-Stars 2012
2012 Team Awards
Miscellany
Allocation ranking
Sporting Kansas City is in the #14 position in the MLS Allocation Ranking. The allocation ranking is the mechanism used to determine which MLS club has first priority to acquire a U.S. National Team player who signs with MLS after playing abroad, or a former MLS player who returns to the league after having gone to a club abroad for a transfer fee. A ranking can be traded, provided that part of the compensation received in return is another club's ranking.
International roster slots
Sporting Kansas City has 7 MLS International Roster Slots for use in the 2012 season. Each club in Major League Soccer is allocated 8 international roster spots. Sporting Kansas City traded one slot to San Jose Earthquakes for the 2012 season only.
Future draft pick trades
Future picks acquired: * 2013 MLS SuperDraft Round 2 pick acquired from New York Red Bulls.
Future picks traded: None.
MLS rights to other players
It is believed that Sporting maintains the MLS rights to Herculez Gomez after the player declined a contract offer by the club and instead signed with a non-MLS side on a free transfer.
Notes
Sporting Kansas City seasons
Sporting Kansas City
Sporting Kansas City
Sporting Kansas City
U.S. Open Cup champion seasons
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 7 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in 1981.
Summary
The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors, originally published in 1980 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented, together with an introduction by him.
Contents
"Introduction" (Arthur W. Saha)
"Wolfland" (Tanith Lee)
"Spidersong" (Susan C. Petrey)
"The Sleep of Trees" (Jane Yolen)
"Kevin Malone" (Gene Wolfe)
"The George Business" (Roger Zelazny)
"The Princess and the Bear" (Orson Scott Card)
"Proteus" (Paul H. Cook)
"Keeper of the Wood" (Caradoc A. Cador)
"Lan Lung" (M. Lucie Chin)
"Melpomene, Calliope... and Fred " (Nicholas V. Yermakov)
"The Narrow House" (Phillip C. Heath)
Notes
1981 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
DAW Books books
Books with cover art by Michael Whelan
Life Flight, or Life Flight Trust, is a charitable trust providing an emergency air ambulance and rescue helicopter service that operates out of Wellington, New Zealand. Their services include the Wellington-based BK117 Westpac Rescue Helicopter, as well as two nationwide J32 Jetstream air ambulance planes that transport patients who are critically ill and in need of hospital transfer for specialist care. The majority of patients are from the central or lower North Island, or the upper South Island of New Zealand.
History
In 1975 Peter Button and Dr Russell Worth launched The Life Flight Trust, which would go on to save over 36,000 New Zealanders.
In 1982, Peter Button was recognised with an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). On 18 November 1987, Peter received a Queen's Gallantry Medal for bravery after police launch Lady Elizabeth II capsized in heavy seas at the entrance to Wellington Harbour whilst on a training mission. Despite the appalling conditions Button and his son Clive managed to save two of the four crew members.
On 20 November 1987, two days after receiving his Queen's Gallantry Medal, Button was piloting Bell JetRanger ZK-HKF on a flight with local photographer Ronald Woolf and property developer Dion Savage. Police called in the helicopter to assist tracking an offender who had escaped from Rimutaka Prison. During the search Button's helicopter drifted into high voltage transmission lines, lost both rotor blades, and crashed in Churton Park killing all three on board. Known as the heart and soul of the helicopter rescue service, thousands of people lined the streets of Wellington for the memorial service. A cortege of helicopters flew overhead to honour the nation's loss. The Governor-General, Sir Paul Reeves, became patron of The Life Flight Trust and launched a public appeal in Peter's memory.
Equipment
Westpac Rescue Helicopter
The Westpac Rescue Helicopter is a BK117 emergency air rescue service which operates out of Wellington Hospital. It is used primarily for search and rescue but may also be used for police and bomb squad operations, or in firefighting. The helicopter often rescues car accident victims, injured trampers stranded in the bush, or performs rescues in other areas which are a considerable distance from any nearby hospital.
Life Flight is partially government funded. For each mission, $4000 NZD must be raised from the community. These donations are provided by individuals and companies across New Zealand.
Air ambulance
Life Flight's J32 Jetstream air ambulance, ZK-LFW, replaced their older Metroliner plane in 2012. A second aircraft of the same type, ZK-LFT, was purchased in 2017 to meet rising demand. Both carry patients between hospitals around New Zealand to receive specialist medical care. The service flies an average of four emergency trips to hospitals around New Zealand per day.
Pilot Ian Pirie commented that flying patients by air presents unique challenges, such as ensuring soft landings for patients with spinal injuries, or flying very low with patients with brain or diving injuries. He commented that calls involving premature babies were often the most rewarding, as he was often able to see how much they had grown when later flying them home after weeks in hospital incubators. The plane is even equipped to deliver babies on board, if necessary.
Charity fundraising
As Life Flight Trust is a charitable trust, it receives funding through donations. Community fundraisers to raise funds for the service are often organised by individuals or groups such as Westpac bank, or other local clubs and organisations.
Other fundraising events are often put on by Life Flight itself and funds are also raised by word of mouth, online donations, and telemarketing. Due to the service's high-profile among New Zealand's rescue services, other lower profile services such as the Taranaki Air Ambulance and the Nelson Marlborough Rescue Helicopter Trust have been confused for the service, and sometimes miss out on donations as a result.
TV show
Life Flight was the subject of a reality TV documentary show in 2013 that ran for 10 episodes. A second season ran in 2016, also running for 10 episodes.
See also
Auckland Rescue Helicopter Trust
Northland Emergency Services Trust
Otago Rescue Helicopter Trust
Piha Surf Life Saving Club
References
Air ambulance services in New Zealand
Charities based in New Zealand
Avoca was a small town in Avoca Township, located in southeastern Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma Territory. The post office was established in 1894 and closed permanently in 1906.
Avoca Township
Avoca should not be confused with Avoca Township, which covered a much larger area than the town itself. This section of the article will cover the entire township, with the remainder the town itself. Avoca township was located in southeastern Pottawatomie County, with Konawa Municipal Township (and the Seminole County line) to the east, St. Louis Township to the north and the South Canadian River to the south. The western boundary was about two and a half miles west of present-day Asher. The township encompassed about 75 square miles. Post offices in the Avoca Township area included:
Statistics
The following table shows the population grown and then decline of Avoca Township. The population decline beginning in 1920 can be attributed to a growing interest in Shawnee, OK.
Schools in the township
Schools in the township, and what is known about them, include:
Asher (c. 1913 – present). Asher is and was the only high school developed within the township. See Asher, Oklahoma.
Avoca (1892 – ?). See the section below.
Cook (1892 – aft. 1920). The school, originally one-room, was formed in 1892 and later expanded when a second and larger room was added. At some point between 1910 and 1920, the building was completely refurbished and again enlarged. It is believed this school was located near the Pottawatomie-Seminole county line.
Gravel Hill School (1903 – ?). This school replaced Lazell School.
Lazzell (1895–1903). This school, housed in a log cabin, was located two and a half miles east of Asher, near Chisholm Springs. It began around December 1895 and closed in April 1903 (due to financial shortfalls, there was no school 1899-1900). It was replaced by Gravel Hill School.
Sacred Heart. The school had a small enrollment.
Avoca (town) brief history
The village was established in the mid-19th century as Wewaukee Springs (Wewaukee is Seminole for "tumbling water"). It was located along the "Wagon Road" that traveled east to west across the territory. Early residents of the town included Seminole Indians as well as white persons. By 1910, most Seminoles had left the area Pottawatomi Indians populated the town.
Avoca School
The first Avoca school was established in the summer of 1892 near what is now the Avoca Cemetery. Early day teachers included J.C. Fisher, B.C. Klepper, A. Floyd, F.M. Forston, Nora Kidd, Minnie Synder (sic), A.C. Bray and Wheeler Hendon.
Post Office
The post office was established August 4, 1894. It was discontinued and moved to Asher twice, once temporarily on November 26, 1901, and again permanently on September 26, 1906.
Postmasters
Other establishments
R. Perkins opened the first general store. A Rutherford and J.B. Buckler built a cotton gin. M.F. Merrill started a blacksmith shop. Establishment of the town was considered a natural development since the Wewoka Springs had been a stopping place for travelers before the opening of the territory.
Demise
In 1901, "Old Beck", a rail spur from Shawnee, was extended to the fledgling community of Asher, Oklahoma, a few miles south. This event spelled the demise of Avoca. In the winter of that year, the postmaster, George A. McCurry, moved the Avoca post office and his store to the new community. The change officially took place on November 26, 1901. This was done without permission from the government and left Avoca without a post office. The post office was re-established on February 10, 1902. However, many people and businesses moved to the growing Asher community. An Asher paper reported "Avoca About Abandoned" on August 21, 1903 and the post office was discontinued again on October 31, 1906. The development of Asher is often blamed for the demise of Avoca. Currently in the Avoca area are the Avoca Church of Christ, a cemetery, and a few homes.
References
External links
Asher, Oklahoma
Populated places in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma
Ghost towns in Oklahoma
Elisapee Sheutiapik is a Canadian politician, who served as mayor of Iqaluit, Nunavut, from 2003 to 2010, and was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2017 general election.
Mayoralty
She won the mayoral election in 2003, defeating the incumbent mayor John Matthews by 40 votes, and was acclaimed to a second term in 2006.
On 10 September 2008, CBC North reported that Sheutiapik would be taking a leave of absence to run in the Nunavut election. She ran in Iqaluit West, which had the highest voter turnout at 90.2 per cent, but was defeated by incumbent MLA Paul Okalik by 44 votes. She subsequently returned to the mayor's chair.
On 19 October 2009, Sheutiapik won a third term as mayor of Iqaluit. Her opponent was former city councillor Jim Little, who took 42.3% of the vote as opposed to 57.7% for Sheutiapik. On November 9, 2010, she announced her resignation as mayor effective December 13. She was succeeded by Madeleine Redfern.
In the 2017 Nunavut territorial election, Sheutiapik again faced off against Okalik in the riding of Iqaluit-Sinaa. This time, she won with 44.8% of the vote, defeating him with 237 votes to 150, as well as two other candidates.
Activism
Sheutiapik, whose sister Mary Ann was murdered by an abusive relative in 1997, has collaborated with Iqaluit-based rock singer Lucie Idlout on a national project to have cities across Canada name a city street "Angel" as a memorial to Canadian victims of domestic violence. As of 2014, cities that have named Angel Streets as part of the campaign included St. John's, Edmonton, Regina, Fredericton, Yellowknife and Kamloops.
Electoral record
References
Mayors of Iqaluit
Inuit politicians
Women mayors of places in Nunavut
Canadian Inuit women
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women MLAs in Nunavut
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Inuit from the Northwest Territories
Inuit from Nunavut
Women government ministers of Canada
Members of the Executive Council of Nunavut
Inuit activists
Church Lawford is a village in Warwickshire. It is located just under west of the town of Rugby and east of Coventry. The population of the civil parish taken at the 2011 census was 418. The village lies north of the railway between the two and is also north of the main road, the A428. To the north is the River Avon. The village is often mentioned along with the neighbouring village of Long Lawford to the east and the hamlet of King's Newnham to the north although they are completely separate settlements. There is an industrial unit business centre to the south of the village. It was opened in 1990. Units range in size from 55 to 218 square metres.
The first reference to the village is in the Domesday book of 1086 when the manor house and the mill (now disused) are mentioned. The first parish church, dedicated to St Peter, was built in the 13th century. The current parish church, also St Peter's, was built in 1874. There were primary schools in the village between the early 1900s and 1996. The first closed in 1964 and was replaced by a second school which itself shut just over thirty years later.
RAF Church Lawford
There was a RAF training station situated just over south of the village from 1941 until 1955 called RAF Church Lawford
References
External links
Church Lawford official website
Church Lawford Village Hall
More information on the RAF station
Neighbourhood population and demographic statistics from the UK Census 2001
Contact details for parish meetings
Villages in Warwickshire
The 2003 season of 1. deild karla was the 49th season of second-tier football in Iceland.
Standings
Top scorers
References
RSSSF Page
Top goalscorers according to KSÍ.
1. deild karla (football) seasons
Iceland
Iceland
2
Vedea is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Albești, Coșoteni, Dulceanca, Meri and Vedea.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Melchor "Mel" Gongora Chavez is a Filipino politician and perennial candidate and radio and print journalist.
Biography
Chavez was born on August 6, 1951 in Kidapawan City, Cotabato. He ran for the Senate in 2004 with fellow Kilusang Bagong Lipunan candidate Oliver Lozano but failed. Melchor Chavez had tried to run for senator in past elections. In 1992, the Supreme Court disqualified him from running for senator. In 1998, Comelec did not give due course to his certificate of candidacy. In 2001, Chavez ran as the official candidate of the KBL; he garnered a measly 2% of the total votes cast. COMELEC allowed him to run again in 2004, but allies of another Chavez—Alyansa ng Pag-Asa candidate Francisco Chavez, the same candidate who questioned Melchor's candidacy in 1992—sought Melchor's disqualification. COMELEC eventually declared Melchor as a nuisance candidate.
In 2016, alongside Aldin Ali, he went under the PMM ticket, where he is the leader, but again failed to win a seat in the Senate.
References
Chavez's Profile
1951 births
Living people
Kilusang Bagong Lipunan politicians
Labor Party Philippines politicians
People from Cotabato
Édith Audibert (born 7 March 1948) is a French Republican politician who became a Member of the National Assembly in 2020, representing Var's 3rd constituency.
On 26 April 2022, she announced that she wouldn't seek re-election in the 2022 election.
References
Living people
1948 births
People from Hyères
21st-century French women politicians
21st-century French politicians
The Republicans (France) politicians
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Women members of the National Assembly (France)
Members of Parliament for Var
Lisfannon Links Halt railway station served Lisfannon Golf Course in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened in 1892 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh.
It closed for passengers on 6 September 1948.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1892
Railway stations closed in 1948
1892 establishments in Ireland
1948 disestablishments in Ireland
Bad Karlshafen is a railway station located in Bad Karlshafen, Germany. The station is located on the Sollingbahn. The train services are operated by NordWestBahn. The station is close to the borders of three states: Hesse, North Rhine-Westphalia and Lower Saxony.
A former station to the south of the river existed until 1966 on the Carlsbahn.
Train services
The station is served by the following services:
Local services Ottbergen – Bad Karlshafen – Bodenfelde – Göttingen
References
External links
Bad Karlshafen in the 1980s
Railway stations in Hesse
Buildings and structures in Kassel (district)
Herbert Roper Barrett and Harold Nisbet defeated Frank Riseley and Sydney Smith 6–2, 2–6, 6–8, 8–6, 6–2 in the Comers' Final, but the reigning champions Laurence Doherty and Reginald Doherty defeated Barrett and Nisbet 9–7, 7–5, 4–6, 3–6, 6–3 in the challenge round to win the gentlemen's doubles tennis title at the 1900 Wimbledon Championships.
Draw
Challenge round
All Comers'
References
External links
Men's Doubles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Men's doubles
Schenectady City Hall is the seat of government of the city of Schenectady, New York, United States. Designed by McKim, Mead, and White, the building was constructed between 1931 and 1933. It is located on the block between Clinton, Franklin, Jay and Liberty streets. It is built in a revival of the Federal Style, the dominant style of American architecture from 1780 to 1830. Its most prominent features include the square clock tower, with its gold-leaf dome and weathervane, and the Ionic neoclassical portico. It houses not only city government but the local office of U.S. Rep. Paul Tonko.
The classically inspired architecture echoes the arched windows on the nearby post office, built two decades earlier. Both were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978; the post office was later listed separately as part of a statewide submission of post offices.
Building
City Hall is a -story brick building with a full-height central portico on the front and a semicircular projecting wing on the rear enclosing a rotunda. Its low dormer window-pierced hipped roof is topped with a clock tower and cupola with golden dome. Balustrades mark the roofline; on the front portico a pedimented entablature is supported by four fluted Ionic columns. Marble is used for pilasters, quoins and the rusticated raised basement.
Marble is also used extensively inside the building for stairs, flooring and wainscoting. Other decorative touches include the city's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornices.
History
When the decision was made to build a new city hall in the late 1920s, due to the city's rapid growth since the 1880s, the city held a nationwide contest, which was won by the prominent New York City architectural firm McKim, Mead, and White (MMW). The exorbitant cost of the project, which was undertaken during the Great Depression, caused the building to be dubbed "Fagal's Folly" after Mayor Henry C. Fagal. Their building went further in evoking the historical antecedents of Colonial buildings than most Colonial Revival buildings of the era, with enough neoclassical elements including a cupola styled after those on the buildings of Christopher Wren, that the building's style has been described as "neo-Georgian or neo-Federal".
At the cornerstone-laying ceremony, James McKellum Smith of MMW said the city government "recognize[s] that they are now erecting a building which may still be the center of civic life in the Schenectady of 100 years from today". Construction was completed in 1933. The building's interior layout has not been changed since then.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 11, 1978. Shortly afterwards a fire damaged the cupola. It was recently repaired.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Schenectady County, New York
References
External links
Schenectady City Government website
McKim, Mead & White buildings
Buildings and structures in Schenectady, New York
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Historic American Buildings Survey in New York (state)
Government buildings completed in 1933
Clock towers in New York (state)
1933 establishments in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Schenectady County, New York
The men's shot put event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Rotterdam.
Results
References
Shot put at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Shot
SMK Convent may refer to
SMK Convent, Alor Setar
SMK Convent Bukit Nanas
SMK Convent Taiping
Muhammad Karim Khan Agha, commonly known as KK Agha, is a British Pakistani jurist and lawyer who is currently serving as the Justice of the Sindh High Court since 2015.
Previously, he has served as the United Nations Prosecutor in the Netherlands and Africa and also as the advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan. He has also served as the Additional Attorney General, appointed by then Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yusuf Raza Gilani, between 2010 and 2011. Later, he was made NAB Prosecutor General.
He is known for his affiliation to Bhutto-Zardari family and was their lawyer when corruption cases were referenced against Benazir Bhutto and Asif Ali Zardari.
Agha holds a citizenship of the United Kingdom (UK). He holds properties in the UK for which a reference was filed against him by the Supreme Judicial Council.
References
20th-century Pakistani lawyers
Judges of the Sindh High Court
21st-century Pakistani lawyers
Pakistani emigrants to the United Kingdom
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British lawyers of Pakistani descent
Chah Bereshk (, also Romanized as Chāh Bereshk) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 20 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Matthew Sanders was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop in the sixteenth century.
He was promoted Bishop of Leighlin by Pope Clement VII on 11 April 1527. He swore the oath of supremacy at Clonmel early in 1539; and died on 23 (or 24) December 1549. He was buried at St Laserian's Cathedral, Old Leighlin
References
Bishops of Leighlin
Year of birth unknown
1549 deaths
Wesley Lavon Person (born March 28, 1971) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). After his playing career, Person became a women's basketball assistant coach and then the head men's basketball coach at Enterprise-Ozark Community College. He was fired from the latter position in 2010.
Selected by the Phoenix Suns 23rd overall in the 1994 NBA draft out of Auburn University, Person played for seven teams throughout his career. He played three seasons for the Suns, five for the Cleveland Cavaliers, 82 games over two seasons for the Memphis Grizzlies, 33 games for the Portland Trail Blazers, nine games for the Atlanta Hawks, sixteen games for the Miami Heat and 25 for the Denver Nuggets. Person retired with career averages of 11.2 points, 3.3 rebounds, and 1.7 assists per game. According to Complex Sports, Person is the 13th greatest three-point shooter of all time.
NBA career
Phoenix Suns (1994–1997)
On June 29, 1994, the Phoenix Suns drafted Person with the 23rd overall pick in the 1994 NBA draft. Person played his first three seasons in Phoenix, where he averaged 12.2 points per game, 3.4 rebounds per game, and 1.5 assists per game in 240 games. He also had a 45.8% field goal percentage and a 40.7% 3-point percentage. Furthermore, he was named to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team in his rookie season.
Cleveland Cavaliers (1997–2002)
On October 1, 1997, Person was involved in a three-team trade in which he was traded with Tony Dumas to the Cleveland Cavaliers, Antonio McDyess was traded to the Suns, and three first-round draft picks were traded to the Denver Nuggets. where he would spend the majority of his career. In his first season with Cleveland, he led the NBA in three-pointers made. In five seasons with the franchise, he averaged 12.0 points per game, 3.6 rebounds per game, and 2.0 assists per game. He had a 46.1% field goal percentage and a 42.2 3-point percentage.
Memphis Grizzlies (2002–2003)
On June 26, 2002, Person was traded to the Memphis Grizzlies for Nick Anderson and Matt Barnes. He would average 11.0 points per game, 2.9 rebounds per game, and 1.7 assists per game in his first season with Memphis. During his second season with the franchise, he averaged 5.2 points per game, 1.1 rebounds per game, and 1.4 assists per game.
Portland Trail Blazers (2003–2004)
On December 3, 2003, Person was traded, along with a 2004 1st round draft pick (Sergei Monia), to the Portland Trail Blazers for Bonzi Wells. In 33 games for Portland, he would average 6.5 points per game, 2.2 rebounds per game, and 1.2 assists per game.
Atlanta Hawks (2004)
On February 9, 2004, Person was traded with Rasheed Wallace to the Atlanta Hawks for Shareef Abdur-Rahim, Dan Dickau, and Theo Ratliff. His tenure with Atlanta was the shortest stint of his career, as he played only 9 games for the franchise. He averaged 4.4 points per game, 2.8 rebounds per game, and 0.6 assists per game while he was with the team.
Miami Heat (2004–2005)
On August 11, 2004, Person signed with the Miami Heat as a free agent. In Miami, he would have the lowest points per game average of his career: 3.9. Person also averaged 1.4 rebounds per game and 0.7 assists per game. On March 1, 2005, he was waived by the team.
Denver Nuggets (2005)
Two days after being waived, Person signed with the Denver Nuggets. His stint with the Nuggets would be his final NBA tenure. During his 25 games with Denver, he averaged 8.1 points per game, 2.4 rebounds per game, and 1.1 assists per game. Person retired at the end of the season.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 78 || 56 || 23.1 || .484 || .436 || .792 || 2.6 || 1.3 || .6 || .3 || 10.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 82 || 47 || 31.8 || .445 || .374 || .771 || 3.9 || 1.7 || .7 || .3 || 12.7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 80 || 42 || 29.1 || .453 || .413 || .798 || 3.7 || 1.5 || 1.1 || .3 || 13.5
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Cleveland
| 82 || 82 || 39.0 || .460 || .430 || .776 || 4.4 || 2.3 || 1.6 || 0.6 || 14.7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Cleveland
| 45 || 42 || 29.8 || .453 || .375 || .604 || 3.2 || 1.8 || .8 || .4 || 11.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Cleveland
| 79 || 38 || 26.0 || .428 || .424 || .792 || 3.4 || 1.8 || .5 || .2 || 9.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Cleveland
| 44 || 22 || 21.8 || .438 || .405 || .800 || 3.0 || 1.5 || .6 || .3 || 7.1
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Cleveland
| 78 || 78 || 35.8 || .495 || .444 || .798 || 3.8 || 2.2 || 1.0 || .5 || 15.1
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Memphis
| 66 || 44 || 29.4 || .456 || .433 || .814 || 2.9 || 1.7 || .6 || .3 || 11.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Memphis
| 16 || 0 || 17.8 || .308 || .256 || .750 || 1.1 || 1.4 || .3 || .1 || 5.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Portland
| 33 || 0 || 18.8 || .476 || .474 || .760 || 2.2 || 1.2 || .3 || .2 || 6.5
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 9 || 0 || 14.7 || .333 || .421 || 1.000 || 2.8 || .6 || .3 || .1 || 4.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Miami
| 16 || 3 || 12.9 || .439 || .381 || 1.000 || 1.4 || .7 || .4 || .0 || 3.9
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Denver
| 25 || 0 || 18.4 || .485 || .485 || .556 || 2.4 || 1.1 || .5 || .2 || 8.1
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 733 || 454 || 28.3 || .457 || .418 || .778 || 3.3 || 1.7 || .8 || .3 || 11.2
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 1995
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 10 || 10 || 24.7 || .410 || .378 || .917 || 2.1 || 1.1 || .3 || .2 || 9.6
|-
| align="left" | 1996
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 4 || 4 || 45.8 || .393 || .310 || .800 || 5.8 || .8 || .8 || .3 || 14.3
|-
| align="left" | 1997
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 5 || 1 || 32.6 || .472 || .424 || .778 || 6.6 || 1.2 || .8 || .6 || 15.6
|-
| align="left" | 1998
| align="left" | Cleveland
| 4 || 4 || 34.0 || .379 || .368 || .750 || 2.3 || 2.5 || .8 || .0 || 8.0
|-
| align="left" | 2005
| align="left" | Denver
| 4 || 0 || 13.5 || .429 || .375 || .000 || .3 || .3 || .3 || .0 || 3.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 27 || 19 || 29.0 || .417 || .373 || .821 || 3.2 || 1.1 || .5 || .2 || 10.3
Personal life
Born in Brantley, Alabama, Person is the younger brother of former NBA player Chuck Person, and his son Wesley, Jr. played college basketball at Troy University and was recently selected by the Maine Red Claws in the 2019 NBA G League Draft. Wesley's nephew, Adrian Person, is a former nationally ranked JUCO basketball player who averaged a national best 31 points per game at Southern Union State Community College in Wadley, Alabama in 1997.
References
External links
NBA.com Profile
Career statistics of Wesley Person at Basketball-Reference.com
1971 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American women's basketball coaches
Atlanta Hawks players
Auburn Tigers men's basketball players
Basketball players from Alabama
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Denver Nuggets players
Memphis Grizzlies players
Miami Heat players
People from Crenshaw County, Alabama
Phoenix Suns draft picks
Phoenix Suns players
Portland Trail Blazers players
Shooting guards
Ricardo Cadena Martínez (born 23 October 1969) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a defender during his career. He was a member of the Mexico national team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He earned one cap for the national A-side, making his only appearance on June 29, 1993.
Managerial statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 8 May 2022
References
sports-reference
FIFA
External links
1969 births
Living people
1993 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Association football defenders
C.D. Guadalajara managers
C.D. Guadalajara non-playing staff
Chiapas F.C. footballers
Club León footballers
Club Necaxa non-playing staff
Club Tijuana footballers
Dorados de Sinaloa footballers
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Footballers from Guadalajara, Jalisco
La Piedad footballers
Lagartos de Tabasco footballers
Liga MX players
Mexican football managers
Mexican footballers
Mexico international footballers
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Pan American Games silver medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1991 Pan American Games
Dynamics is the branch of classical mechanics that is concerned with the study of forces and their effects on motion. Isaac Newton was the first to formulate the fundamental physical laws that govern dynamics in classical non-relativistic physics, especially his second law of motion.
Principles
Generally speaking, researchers involved in dynamics study how a physical system might develop or alter over time and study the causes of those changes. In addition, Newton established the fundamental physical laws which govern dynamics in physics. By studying his system of mechanics, dynamics can be understood. In particular, dynamics is mostly related to Newton's second law of motion. However, all three laws of motion are taken into account because these are interrelated in any given observation or experiment.
Linear and rotational dynamics
The study of dynamics falls under two categories: linear and rotational. Linear dynamics pertains to objects moving in a line and involves such quantities as force, mass/inertia, displacement (in units of distance), velocity (distance per unit time), acceleration (distance per unit of time squared) and momentum (mass times unit of velocity). Rotational dynamics pertains to objects that are rotating or moving in a curved path and involves such quantities as torque, moment of inertia/rotational inertia, angular displacement (in radians or less often, degrees), angular velocity (radians per unit time), angular acceleration (radians per unit of time squared) and angular momentum (moment of inertia times unit of angular velocity). Very often, objects exhibit linear and rotational motion.
For classical electromagnetism, Maxwell's equations describe the kinematics. The dynamics of classical systems involving both mechanics and electromagnetism are described by the combination of Newton's laws, Maxwell's equations, and the Lorentz force.
Force
From Newton, force can be defined as an exertion or pressure which can cause an object to accelerate. The concept of force is used to describe an influence which causes a free body (object) to accelerate. It can be a push or a pull, which causes an object to change direction, have new velocity, or to deform temporarily or permanently. Generally speaking, force causes an object's state of motion to change.
Newton's laws
Newton described force as the ability to cause a mass to accelerate. His three laws can be summarized as follows:
First law: If there is no net force on an object, then its velocity is constant. Either the object is at rest (if its velocity is equal to zero), or it moves with constant speed in a single direction.
Second law: The rate of change of linear momentum P of an object is equal to the net force Fnet, i.e., dP/dt = Fnet.
Third law: When a first body exerts a force F1 on a second body, the second body simultaneously exerts a force F2 = −F1 on the first body. This means that F1 and F2 are equal in magnitude and opposite in direction.
Newton's laws of motion are valid only in an inertial frame of reference.
See also
Statics
Multibody dynamics
Rigid body dynamics
Analytical dynamics
References
Further reading
This is a list of films produced and/or distributed by Lionsgate Films. Before 1998, Lionsgate was formerly known as Cinepix Film Properties since its founding in 1962. As of November 2017, Lionsgate's films grossed approximately $8.2 billion.
References
External links
Lionsgate Publicity website
Upcoming Movies from Lionsgate at Box Office Mojo
Lionsgate Box Office History at The Numbers
Lionsgate
Lionsgate
Jamie Thompson (stage name: J'aime Tambeur) is a Canadian musician who has been the drummer for several Canadian bands, including Islands and Th' Corn Gangg. Jamie was a founding member of the Unicorns. The band's first major album, Who Will Cut Our Hair When We're Gone?, was a huge hit and helped give the Unicorns a cult following among indie listeners.
Thompson and fellow Unicorns member Nick Thorburn founded the indie-pop/hip-hop band Th' Corn Gangg several months prior to the Unicorns' break-up in December 2004. Thompson and Thorburn went on to form Islands in 2005. Thompson recorded with the band for their debut album Return to the Sea, which was released in 2006. Shortly before the band's European tour, however, Thompson had left the band.
Islands continued without Thompson. In mid-2008 Islands released their second album Arm's Way with Aaron Harris as Thompson's replacement, however he returned for their third album, Vapours, released in September 2009.
In 2013 Thompson collaborated with Rebecca Foon on the Saltland release, I Thought It Was Us But It Was All of Us.
References
Canadian rock drummers
Canadian male drummers
Canadian percussionists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Unicorns members
Islands (band) members
Two different automobiles from Rover have been called the 2000:
Rover P6, 1963-1977
Rover SD1, 1976-1986
2000
Speed Star (stylized as SPEED STAR★) is the 17th domestic single by the Japanese hip-hop group Lead, released on July 28, 2010, a year after their previous single GiraGira Romantic. The single peaked at number 11 on the Oricon Singles Chart, and remained on the charts for three weeks.
The single was released as a standard CD and four CD+DVD combo packs, with each CD+DVD version corresponding to a member of the group. The member versions contained the bonus track "Hikari", which was performed as a solo by whichever member's edition was purchased. A new rendition of their 2006 song "Virgin Blue" was included on all versions, along with the track "Speechless".
Information
Speed Star★ is the seventeenth single released by the Japanese hip-hop group Lead. It was released a year after their previous single, GiraGira Romantic, and was their third annual summer single. It charted in the top twenty on the Oricon Singles Charts at No. 11 and remained on the charts for three consecutive weeks. It became their first single under the Pony Canyon label, whereas their previous singles were under the Pony Canyon sub-label Flight Master.
It was their second single to be released in multiple editions, outside of the standard CD and CD+DVD combo packs. Along with the CD only version, Speed Star was released in four separate CD+DVD editions. Each of the combo versions corresponded to a member of the group, and contained the bonus coupling track "Hikari" (光 / Light) that was performed as a solo by the member of the corresponding edition. All versions were accompanied by the tracks "Speechless" and a modern rendition of "Virgin Blue", which the group had originally released in 2006. The DVD on all editions housed the music video and the off-shot making video of "Speed Star."
Background and composition
"Speed Star" was composed by musical composer and songwriter Kisaburō Suzuki, while Yuki Saki performed the arrangement. The lyrics were written by Lantana, while Lead's rapper Shinya Tanuichi wrote the rap portion. Suzuki has also worked with the likes of singer and actress Kyōko Koizumi and Chiemi Hori, among other famous artists. "Speechless" was written and composed by Canadian DJ and record producer Vincent DeGiorgio and Swedish music producers Pontus Söderqvist and Bjorn Djupstrom. Vincent would work with Lead for their songs "Still" and "Wanna Be With You", both of which charted in top five on Oricon at No. 3 and No. 4, respectively. Pontus has also worked on top-charting songs, most notably "The Juvenile" by the Swedish group Ace of Base from their album Da Capo (2002), and Joana Zimmer's song "I Believe" (2005). Once again, Lantana and Shinya wrote the lyrical portion.
"Virgin Blue 2010" was originally composed by Suzuki Kisaburo with the lyrics written by Sagara Yoshiaki. However, for both Lead's 2006 and 2010 versions, the music was performed by Haya from the group Summer Snow Surprise. The CD+DVD bonus track "Hikari" was written and composed by Shonen-JET, while songwriter Ohno Kazunari performed the instrumental. The lyrics were written by Keita Furuya and Shinya of Lead, with Shinya writing the rap portion.
Promotional advertisements
To help promote the single, the title track "Speed Star" was utilized as the ending theme to the Nippon Television series Bear Hut of Oguma (小熊のベア小屋 / Koguma no Bea Koya) throughout the month of August 2010.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Lead Official Site
2010 singles
2010 songs
Pony Canyon singles
J-pop songs
Lead (band) songs
Song articles with missing songwriters
Archibald William Strang (28 June 1887 – 18 September 1962) was an Australian football player in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL).
Early life
Strang was born to Jane (née Goodall) and Mathew Archibald Strang in Beaconsfield, Western Australia.
Strang began his junior football career playing with Midland Locos Football Club and East Fremantle Juniors.
Football career
In 1906, at 18 years of age he made his seniors debut with East Fremantle Football Club.
Strang was described as being rugged and big-hearted, with great football brains and whilst beginning his career on the wing being able to play any position.
Strang represented East Fremantle for 18 seasons, playing 241 games and kicking 50 goals from 1906 till 1923. He played in a record 13 grand finals for six premierships in 1908, 1909, 1910, 1911, 1914,and 1918. This remains the grandest final appearances by any WAFL player.
He represented Western Australia in four games. This was limited as Western Australia did not play interstate games during the First World War or in the years following.
After retiring he became a trainer at East Fremantle.
Strang is life member of the East Fremantle Football Club and was inducted into the inaugural East Fremantle Football Club Hall of Fame.
Personal life
Strang married Amy Beresford in Fremantle on 8 December 1915.
Their son Archibald Charles Strang would also become an Australian football player and coach in the Western Australian Football League.
Strang died in Fremantle 18 September 1962.
References
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
East Fremantle Football Club players
Western Australian State of Origin players
1887 births
1962 deaths
Brian Rooney may refer to:
Brian Rooney (actor) (born 1972), Australian actor
Brian Charles Rooney, American actor and singer
Brian L. Rooney (born 1970), American murderer
Brian Rooney (journalist), American television news correspondent, son of Andy Rooney
Brian Rooney, Iraq war veteran and candidate in the United States House of Representatives elections in Michigan, 2010
See also
Rooney (surname)
Khabzela: The Life And Times Of A South African is a bestselling 2005 biography written by South African author Liz McGregor about South African disc jockey Fana Khaba (known as "Khabzela"), who died from AIDS.
Khabzela was popular among listeners to Yfm, a youth radio station in Gauteng.
Synopsis
The book recounts how the author, Liz McGregor, was asked while working as a freelance journalist for Poz magazine to write a story about a black celebrity infected with HIV. When Khabzela announced on the radio in April 2003 that he was infected, he seemed to make an ideal subject. McGregor interviewed him, wrote the story for Poz, and then went on to write the biography because, as she put, the story "got under my skin".
McGregor tells how Khabzela rose to fame in post-apartheid South Africa, enjoying relative fame and wealth and leading a hedonistic and promiscuous lifestyle. Following his infection with HIV, Khabzela initially took antiretroviral medications but then, beset by a "bevy of faith healers and purveyors of magical drugs", he was persuaded to abandon his treatment and pursue quack remedies instead. Khabzela died in January 2004.
Towards the end of the book, McGregor includes the medical records detailing Khabzela's final days. Shula Marks calls these "stark and terrifying".
Critical reception
For Shula Marks, the biography shows that ambivalence towards medical treatment of AIDS was not just the result of the dubious dictates of the Thabo Mbeki government, but also stemmed from ingrained attitudes in the wider South African public.
Maurice Taonezvi Vambe and Anthony Chennells write that Khabzela raises interesting questions about the boundary between biography and autobiography, since it describes not only the subject's life but also recounts the author's experiences of meeting him.
Nogwaja Shadrack Zulu writes that beyond the surface narrative of the biography, the book explores the politics around AIDS in the 1990s South Africa and raises questions about the consequences of AIDS denialism at that time. Zulu considers that the biography refocuses on AIDS as predominantly a medical issue and acts as a critique of the deceptive "African solution" whereby ineffective remedies – such as the African potato – were touted by governmental authorities as an effective form of treatment.
Jonny Steinberg sees the book as "investigative" and writes that it "lays open what is perhaps the most upsetting aspect of the [AIDS] pandemic" – that even though the subject is talked of openly, it is something South Africa failed to engage with effectively.
Gavin Steingo writes the McGregor cannot understand why Khabzela pursued a course that ended in his own death, and finds her proffered explanations – that he craved independence or wanted to retain the added attention that his illness brought – unconvincing.
See also
HIV/AIDS denialism in South Africa
Kwaito
Notes
References
Further reading
Autobiographies
Biographies about musicians
South African biographies
HIV/AIDS in South Africa
2004 deaths
2005 non-fiction books
Ilyinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 32 as of 2002.
Geography
Ilyinskaya is located 44 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Antipinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Tyrwhitt Hall (pronounced "Tirrit") is a late medieval residence and a Grade II* Listed building in Barton-upon-Humber, North Lincolnshire.
History
The earliest phase of the building dates from at least the 15th century, with prominent extensions and alterations in the 17th and 18th centuries. It is named after the Tyrwhitt baronets who lived in the building in the 16th century. A blue plaque on its exterior records that Philip Pape, a sculptor, singer, and choirmaster, lived and worked in the house from 1960 to 1982.
A large ditched enclosure, encompassing the manor, was discovered during the excavation of the nearby St Peter's Church. It pre-dated the church and is tentatively dated to the 10th century, suggesting that there may have been an earlier structure on this site than the 15th century phases of the building so far identified.
References
15th-century establishments in England
Buildings and structures in Lincolnshire
Grade II* listed buildings in North Lincolnshire
Barton-upon-Humber
"Sailing" (stylized as "SAILING") is a song by Japanese pop group AAA. It is their 31st single and is included in the group's seventh studio album 777: Triple Seven. The song was written by Mitsuhiro Hidaka and Tetsuya Komuro. The single was released in Japan on February 22, 2012, under Avex Trax in four editions: a CD-only edition, a CD and DVD A edition, a CD and DVD B edition, and a Mu-Mo edition. "Sailing" debuted at number four on the weekly Oricon singles chart. The single charted for six weeks and went on to sell over 45,600 copies in Japan.
Composition
"Sailing" was written by Mitsuhiro Hidaka and Tetsuya Komuro, composed by Komuro, and arranged by ArmySlick. "Wishes" was written and composed by Shinjiroh Inoue, and arranged by Sin.
Release and promotion
"Sailing" was released on February 22, 2012, in four editions: a CD-only edition, which includes "Call (DJ OMKT & MJ Remix)"; a CD and DVD A edition, which includes the music video for the song, the first part of the music video making, and the first part of the AAA 6th Anniversary Tour; a CD and DVD B edition, which includes the second part of the music video making and the second part of the AAA 6th Anniversary Tour; a Mu-Mo edition, which includes the Think About AAA 6th Anniversary clips from seasons 15, 16, and 17 in editions A, B, and C, respectively. The song was used in the "7 Days @ Home" television advertisements for hypermarket Ito-Yokado.
Chart performance
"Sailing" debuted at number four on the weekly Oricon singles charts, selling 42,056 copies in its first week. It went on to chart for six weeks and sold over 45,600 copies in Japan. On the issue dated March 5, 2012, the song debuted at number eight on the Billboard Japan Hot 100. On the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) Digital Track Chart, the song debuted at number 20.
Track listing
Chart history
Notes
The sales figure of 45,600 copies is taken from accumulating the sales of the single during its first two charting weeks on the Oricon weekly chart (42,056, 3,634).
References
Songs about boats
Songs about oceans and seas
2012 singles
AAA (band) songs
Avex Trax singles
Japanese-language songs
Songs written by Tetsuya Komuro
2012 songs
Songs written by Mitsuhiro Hidaka
San Miguel de los Noches was an Indian rancheria in Kern County, California. Its site is covered by the modern-day city of Bakersfield.
Franciscan friar Padre Francisco Garces visited San Miguel de los Noches on May 7, 1776. Father Garces named this site San Miguel de los Noches.
Today, the Garces Memorial Circle is a testament of San Miguel de los Noches.
References
Former settlements in Kern County, California
Former populated places in California
History of Bakersfield, California
David Torrence can refer to:
David Torrence (actor)
David Torrence (athlete)
See also
David Torrance (disambiguation)
The adoption of electric vehicles in Hong Kong is actively supported by the Hong Kong government, which recognizes battery electric vehicles, plug-in hybrids, and conventional hybrid electric vehicles to be environmentally friendly and eligible for financial incentives. As of 31 October 2017, there were 11,039 electric vehicles in Hong Kong, up from less than 100 in 2010. At present, 73 EV models from eight countries have been approved by the Transport Department to be eligible for the incentives. These include 51 models for private cars and motorcycles and 22 models for public transport and commercial vehicles.
Current electric vehicle policy
In March 1994, the government waived the First Registration Tax for EVs. The tax was extended several times, and the most recent extension lasted until March 2017. However, EVs are yet to be popular in Hong Kong. Since the 2009–10 Policy Address, a series of schemes and policies have been implemented by the government to actively promote and encourage the use of EVs. In order to coordinate the work in promoting EVs, the Steering Committee on the Promotion of Electric Vehicles was established in April 2012. The committee is chaired by the Financial Secretary with two-year terms, along with 16 other members who represent government departments and the private sector. The government's aim is to have zero emission buses running across the territory. The government allocated $180 million to purchase 36 single-deck electric buses, which includes 28 battery-electric buses and 8 super-capacitor buses. 18 battery-electric buses and 2 super-capacitor buses have commenced operation. Most of the remaining electric buses were expected to be put into service progressively in late 2017 or early 2018.
Reasons for the promotion of electric vehicles
Environmental aspect
In 2014, the Hong Kong Emission Inventory Report indicated that the road transport sector was the largest local air pollution source; 60% of carbon monoxide emissions came from transportation. The replacement of gasoline with electricity in EVs improves the air quality in cities, since carbon emissions are reduced. Along with minimising various pollution problems and lowering the risk of respiratory illnesses, noises and vibrations are also eliminated since EVs do not use chemical combustions. Under the assumption that the annual mileage is 20,000 km and consideration over the emissions from generations, the estimated amount of carbon dioxide emitted is around 1,880 kg, 33% and 47% less than that of hybrid cars and petrol vehicles respectively.
Economic aspect
EVs have a higher energy efficiency than traditional petrol vehicles, allowing 80% of input energy to be converted into usable power, which is a 15%–20% improvement than the latter. With technological advancements, EVs have a higher battery capacity that allows 100 km of traveling distance after a single charge, far higher than the original 40 km in early development. By comparing EVs with petrol vehicles over the energy cost, the price of the latter is around 13.6 times higher in the case from Tuen Mun to Mong Kok (30 km; HKD4.7:HKD36.7). The 2011–12 Financial Budget highlighted that the value brought by the green development increased by 12.4% with the 3.6% surge of employees. With an emphasis on a green economy and smart cities in the 2015–16 Financial Budget, the government believed that the high cost-effectiveness of EVs allowed creation of businesses and employment opportunities like the complementary accessories of EVs and R&D for further scientific innovations in the ever-expanding market.
Current figures
In 2009, 28 local EVs were registered; as of 30 April 2016, 5,042 EVs (4,899 were private vehicles) were registered for road use. In October 2017, there were 11,039 EVs for road use, up from less than 100 at the end of 2010. As of 2017, 73 EV models from eight countries have been type-approved by the Transport Department. These include 51 models for private cars and motorcycles and 22 models for public transport and commercial vehicles. There is a 3% growth in new EV registrations, which is higher than other developed automobile markets. From January to May 2015, more than 1,110 longer-range models of Tesla EVs were sold, accounting for nearly 95% in the EV market.
Over 1,300 public chargers are spread throughout all 18 local districts, whereas one public charger is available for use by four EVs on average. 921 chargers are standard, 239 are medium, 15 are CHAdeMO quick chargers and 145 are quick chargers with transferable charging standards. The chargers can fully charge an EV within 30 minutes, compared to 8 hours previously. The government and other stakeholders are determined to enhance the charging efficiency of these public charging infrastructures through various ongoing infrastructure-led collaborations. For example, Charge Hong Kong, a non-profit organisation, is working to increase charging facilities in public areas and upgrade the existing public standard chargers to the medium or multi-standard quick type.
Under the Pilot Green Transport Fund, 92 EVs were included for trial under a total subsidy of around $96 million in total. The two models of electric vans as interim trial reflected that 50–80% of the fuel costs were saved with no negative and uncertain outcomes in terms of their batteries and performance. These reflected that EVs are compatible with local operating conditions with huge green innovative development potentials in the future.
Promotion
The government is committed to promoting the use of EVs within different sectors of society. A number of favourable measures have been adopted to boost the use of EVs.
Economic incentives
Economic incentives have lowered the overall cost of EVs and encouraged their use. An exemption of the first registration tax on EVs was introduced in 1997 to promote the use of greener vehicles. The financial secretary extended the waiver of the first registration tax in the 2009 budget, which lasted until the end of March 2017. Moreover, enterprises purchasing EVs will enjoy another tax deduction, which is a full “profits tax reduction for the capital expenditure on the EVs in the first year of procurement”.
Financial support
To encourage the public transport sector to use EVs, the government offered the industry some financial assistance programs, such as the “Pilot Green Transport Fund”.(See the above section.) The fund targets public transport service providers and attracts them to use innovative and green technologies for trial. Other financial assistance have been put in place, such as the one-off grant to PLB owners and the allocation of $180 million HKD for franchised bus runners to purchase electric buses. The former aims to upgrade PLB emission standard to that of EV, while the latter serves to test the use of EVs and promote the use of EVs.
Infrastructure and technical support
The government has dedicated itself to increasing the number of charging sockets, as well as to collaborating with EV manufacturing firms to develop more advanced charging facilities. Apart from infrastructure support, the government has also issued a set of guidelines on the safe use of EV chargers and provides hotline service for information and technical support.
Promotional activity
In an effort to promote the use of EVs in Hong Kong, the government provides a range of support, ranging from introducing preferential policies to holding promotional activities. The government prioritizes replacing government vehicles with EVs. In 2013, it was estimated that over 200 government vehicles were EVs. The government also helps organize the FIA Formula E Championship, an event to encourage public interest in EVs.
Criticism
Chargers
As of April 2016, there were 1,320 public chargers in Hong Kong, distributed unequally in different territories. There were nearly 500 public chargers in Hong Kong Island, whereas fewer than 400 in New Territories and Island Districts, which cover the most area of Hong Kong (see Diagram 1 below). Therefore, the insufficiency of chargers in rural areas is a great concern to some EV drivers. Some drivers opined that it is not ideal to rely on public chargers, in particular when one could hardly find a parking space in Hong Kong. Some even complained that the public parking space for EVs are often occupied by non-EVs.
Another criticism is the formidability for individuals to install chargers in private car parks. The installation of chargers in private buildings has to undergo an array of procedures. According to the guidelines from the government, individual owners of EVs have to consult the owner of the car park space, the dealer of the EV, the property management company and the registered electrical contractor. Apart from lowering the feasibility of charging the EV at work and at home, this also hinders the incentive of using EVs in the long run.
There are 4 types of charging sockets (UK, Europe, US and Japan) for EV in Hong Kong, inter alia, only the Japanese socket could serve a fast charge (in 20 minutes). However, 76% of the chargers in Hong Kong are slow chargers which takes 5 to 12 hours for an EV to be fully charged.
Indirect Increase in Carbon Dioxide Emission
Using EV is not necessarily reducing carbon dioxide emission. It depends on the carbon intensity of electricity generation. Coal is used for over half of the power generation in Hong Kong, and research finds that an EV might emit more carbon dioxide than non-EV over 150000-kilometre lifetime after taking into account the carbon intensity of electricity generation and the subsequent production of car batteries.
Lessons learnt from overseas EV policies
Singapore
The emphasis of Singaporean government's EVs policy is placed on the cooperation with vehicle manufacturers and technology companies. By launching EV test-bed and forming agreement with Chinese companies to introduce EV into their public transportation, the determination of the government to utilize EVs as environmental policy to combat air pollution is clearly shown. However, surprisingly, as opposed to Hong Kong, the most popular EV model in Singapore is not Tesla. One may suggest the biggest obstacles come from the international oil company, which considers Singapore as the hub of oil refinement and trading center, hence acting as the tripping stone for the government to continuously promote the use of EVs.
United Kingdom
The British government introduced EVs into the market by launching the “green car revolution” programme. The program included a range of incentives, government support, legislation and education programs, suggesting that by 2020 all new cars sold in the UK should be either hybrid or electric. Apart from large-scale subsidies and tax reductions to incentivize the purchase of EVs, the government launched “Plugged-in-Places” to increase vehicle recharging points and convenience, as well as a 100% discount for the London Congestion Charge. The British government's comprehensive strategy resulted in a more than 20-fold increase of EVs being registered in the UK from 2011 to 2015.
Future development
In response to progress in promoting EVs, the Hong Kong Productivity Council listed 13 suggested measures for the government to increase its utility rate. The first step was that the government lay out a comprehensive EVs development plan, including stages and corresponding goals. The Council also advised the government to explore possibilities in promoting EVs by improving their chargers, for instance increase charging rate, introduce a central database that shows all EV charging stations in Hong Kong, and increase the number of commercial charging stations in residential and business areas. The Council urged the government to devote resources to cultivating technicians and engineers specialized in EVs to prepare for the upcoming demand in human resources. The Environmental Bureau is now organising a competition to invite public to brainstorm innovative ideas of alternative use of disposed EV batteries,. In line with global trends, it is believed EV will continue to be in Hong Kong government's agenda to combat air pollution.
See also
Government incentives for plug-in electric vehicles
List of modern production plug-in electric vehicles
References
Hong Kong
+Hong Kong
Road transport in Hong Kong
Hira Lal Devpura (1925–2004) was Chief Minister of Rajasthan state in India from 23 February 1985 to 10 March 1985. It was a stop gap arrangement between Shiv Charan Mathur and Hari Dev Joshi. He was a leader of Indian National Congress party. He represented the Kumbhalgarh Assembly constituency of Udaipur Division.
Positions held
External links
Photograph
Chief Ministers of Rajasthan
Speakers of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly
Rajasthani people
1925 births
2004 deaths
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
Indian National Congress politicians from Rajasthan
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 800 metres M80 division of Masters athletics.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 800 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
Horisont is an Estonian magazine published in Tallinn, Estonia by Loodusajakiri MTÜ. The magazine focuses on science topics and is written in a popular scientific style. It includes interviews with scientists.
From 1967 to 1990 it was published by EKP KK Kirjastus, from 1991 to 2001 by Perioodika, and thereafter by Loodusajakiri MTÜ.
References
External links
Magazines published in Estonia
Popular science magazines
1967 establishments in Estonia
Magazines established in 1967
War on Iraq: What Team Bush Doesn't Want You to Know is short book, written in 2002, by William Rivers Pitt and featuring an extensive interview with former United Nations weapons inspector Scott Ritter. In it Pitt and Ritter examine the Bush administration's justifications for war with Iraq and call for a diplomatic solution instead of war. Ritter argues that Iraq once possessed many unconventional arms but they have either been destroyed or degraded. Therefore, the government's claims that Iraq had vast stockpiles of "weapons of mass destruction" were "shaky at best." In reviewing this book, The Guardian called it "the most comprehensive independent analysis of the state of knowledge about Iraq's weapons programmes until the new team of inspectors went back." Along with another book published by Context Books, The New York Times singled out War on Iraq: What Team Bush Doesn't Want You to Know as an anti-war book that "emerged from, and then codified opposition to the war in Iraq."
References
External links
2002 non-fiction books
Books about the 2003 invasion of Iraq
Books about George W. Bush
Laurence Johnston Peter (September 16, 1919 – January 12, 1990) was a Canadian educator and "hierarchiologist" who is best known to the general public for the formulation of the Peter principle.
Biography
Peter was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, the grandson of William Herbert Steves, the founder of Steveston, British Columbia. Peter began his career as a teacher in Vancouver in 1941. He received the degree of Doctor of Education from Washington State University in 1963.
In 1966, Peter moved to California, where he became an Associate Professor of Education, Director of the Evelyn Frieden Centre for Prescriptive Teaching, and Coordinator of Programs for Emotionally Disturbed Children at the University of Southern California.
He became widely known in 1969 upon the publication of The Peter Principle, in which he states: "In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence... [I]n time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent to carry out its duties... Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence." The Peter principle became one of the most profound principles of management from the University of Southern California (USC). It is a heavily quoted principle at the USC Marshall School of Business.
Another notable quotation of his is that the "noblest of all dogs is the hot dog; it feeds the hand that bites it."
From 1985 to his death in 1990, Peter attended and was involved in management of the Kinetic Sculpture Race in Humboldt County, California. He proposed an award for the race titled "The Golden Dinosaur Award," which has been handed out every year since to the first sculptural machine to utterly break down immediately after the start.
Peter died of complications from a stroke at his home in Palos Verdes Estates, California, at the age of 70.
Bibliography
References
External links
1919 births
1990 deaths
People from Vancouver
20th-century American educators
Canadian emigrants to the United States
The 2010 Penza Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on Hard court. This was the fifth edition of the tournament which is part of the 2010 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Penza, Russia between 19 July and 24 July 2010.
ATP entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of July 12, 2010.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Victor Baluda
Igor Karpov
Ilya Kovalev
Anton Manegin
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Aliaksandr Bury
Denis Matsukevich
Nikolaus Moser
Artem Smirnov
Champions
Singles
Mikhail Kukushkin def. Konstantin Kravchuk, 6–3, 6–7(3), 6–3
Doubles
Mikhail Elgin / Nikolaus Moser def. Aliaksandr Bury / Kiryl Harbatsiuk, 6–4, 6–4
References
ITF Search
Penza Cup
Penza Cup
2010 in Russian tennis
Mark Burns (30 March 1936 – 8 May 2007) was an English film and television actor.
Biography
Burns was born in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire and educated at Ampleforth College, North Yorkshire. He originally planned to enter the priesthood, but after a short-service commission with the 15th/19th The King's Royal Hussars (1955–57), in which he served in Malaya and Northern Ireland, he became an actor. His career began in 1960 with the film Tunes of Glory followed by the TV series Lorna Doone (1963) and Rupert of Hentzau (1964). One of his most prominent roles was as the male lead in the cult 1966 mystery film Death Is a Woman. Burns also appeared in The Saint episode "The Scales of Justice", and The Prisoner episode "It's Your Funeral" as Number Two's assistant.
He played William Morris in The Charge of the Light Brigade (1968), Bernie in A Day at the Beach (1970), the pianist Alfred in Death in Venice (1971) and Hans von Bülow in Ludwig (1972). Mark Burns obtained his first big role in House of the Living Dead by Ray Austin in 1974 and won the prize for best actor in 1974 at the Sitges Film Festival. In 1975, together with Lynne Frederick he did A Long Return by Pedro Lazaga. He also appeared in Count Dracula (1977) and The Bitch (1979). His career stagnated in the 1980s and 1990s, his last film being Stardust (2007). He died from lung cancer.
Filmography
References
External links
English male film actors
English male television actors
People from Bromsgrove
1936 births
2007 deaths
Male actors from Worcestershire
People educated at Ampleforth College
15th/19th The King's Royal Hussars officers
Deaths from lung cancer
Deaths from cancer in England
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Military personnel from Worcestershire
The Scheller College of Business is the business school at the Georgia Institute of Technology, a public research university in Atlanta, Georgia. It was established in 1912, and is consistently ranked in the top 30 business programs in the nation.
History
The Georgia Tech Scheller College of Business was established more than a century ago and has a distinguished history as part of a world-renowned technological research university. Georgia Tech's business school began in 1912 with the creation of the School of Commerce. In 1933 this school was moved to the University of Georgia during the newly created Georgia Board of Regents' decision to consolidate Georgia's system of higher education. It would later become Georgia State University.
To meet the need for management training in technology, an Industrial Management degree was established in 1934, with a master's degree in the subject becoming the first professional management degree offered in the state 11 years later. The PhD program began in 1970.
In 1989, the College of Management, previously named the School of Commerce, combined with the social sciences, humanities, and economics departments to form the Ivan Allen College of Management, Policy and International Affairs. Nine years later, in 1998, the College of Management separated from the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts to become its own college.
In 1996, Georgia Tech alumnus and restaurateur Thomas E. DuPree, Jr. pledged a $20 million donation to the College of Management, resulting in the college being named the DuPree College of Management in his honor. However, while DuPree donated over $5 million to the college, his name was removed from the college in 2004 when the additional $15 million was not forthcoming. DuPree had recently resigned as board chairman and CEO of Avado Brands, the parent company of several chain restaurants that had recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. In a carefully worded statement, Georgia Tech President G. Wayne Clough remarked that while DuPree's name would be "reluctantly" removed from the college, "We retain the utmost respect for Tom DuPree and all of his remarkable accomplishments and many philanthropic activities." DuPree's donation of over $5 million to the college did fund nearly 200 scholarships although the remaining pledged donations were never provided.
On November 6, 2009, the College of Management received an anonymous gift of $25 million. The donor was later identified as Ernest Scheller, Jr., a Georgia Tech alumnus with a degree in Industrial Management (now known as a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration) and former chairman of Silberline Manufacturing, a Hometown, Pennsylvania-based pigment manufacturer. Scheller used $20 million of his donation as a one-to-one challenge grant designed to inspire charitable gifts and commitments from other donors. Fundraising for the challenge concluded on June 30, 2012. The remaining $5 million of Mr. Scheller's initial $25 million donation has been designated as discretionary funds to be dispersed by the deans.
In June 2012, the college announced a $50 million gift from Ernest Scheller Jr. This $50 million included the $25 million that had been given by him anonymously in 2009. It was the largest cash gift in Georgia Tech's history. As a result of Mr. Scheller's gift, the College of Management was renamed the Ernest Scheller Jr. College of Business and his donations have been used to double the college's endowment, enriching academic programs, growing the faculty, and strengthening the Ph.D. program, among other uses.
Facilities
In 2000, Georgia Tech undertook a $180 million building project in Atlanta called Technology Square. This new multi-building complex, home to the College of Business, is a fusion of business, education, research, and retail space. The complex also houses The Global Learning Center, Advanced Technology Development Center, Economic Development Institute, Center for Quality Growth and Regional Development as well as the Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center. The facilities are located in Midtown Atlanta next to several major corporate headquarters such as Bellsouth (AT&T), The Coca-Cola Company, Turner Broadcasting System Inc. and Earthlink.
The purpose of Technology Square is to promote the formation of a high tech business cluster centered around a premier research university. Similar formations have taken place in cities such as Palo Alto and Boston, both nexuses of thriving high-tech corridors.
On November 24, 2006, the Scheller College of Business dedicated the Ferris-Goldsmith Trading Floor. The trading floor includes 54 dual-display computers as well as electronic stock information on the walls and is used to train all levels of management students to use financial analysis and electronic trading tools. Business faculty use the facility to research improved human performance in trading environments as well as create new financial service models.
The trading floor houses the Quantitative and Computational Finance program.
In September 2018, Georgia Tech announced the beginning of the Tech Square Phase III initiative. The two-tower complex will add more than 400,000 gross square feet of space to Tech Square.
One of the two planned high-rises, Scheller Tower, will be a new resource for the Scheller College of Business that expands the college's footprint within Tech Square. The earliest the building will open is in 2022.
Academics
Undergraduate
The Scheller College of Business offers a BS in Business Administration.
MBA programs
Reputation and rankings
The college's Master of Business Administration (MBA) program is highly ranked. As part of the 2021-2022 Best Business Schools ranking, Bloomberg Businessweek ranked Scheller College No. 9 among public institutions and No. 29 overall. The program was also ranked No. 8 among public institutions in the Compensation Index, which measures pay right after graduation, percentage of students employed three months after graduation, percentage of class receiving a signing bonus, size of bonuses, and alumni earnings.
Curriculum and format
Georgia Tech Scheller College of Business offers three MBA programs: Full-time, Evening, and Executive.
Full-time MBA
Scheller's Full-time MBA is a two-year degree consisting of one year of required courses and another year of mostly elective courses. The Full-time MBA program offers classes Monday through Friday and enrollment takes place once per year in August.
Evening (part-time) MBA
The Evening MBA program offers classes Monday through Thursday evening. The program enrolls twice per year, in January and August.
Scheller's Evening (part-time) MBA offers the same core curriculum and concentrations as the Full-time MBA program but allows students to take courses at their own pace with an average completion rate of 24 to 36 months.
Executive MBA
The Executive (weekend) MBA is a 17-month program with classes on Fridays and Saturdays for professionals with five or more years of professional work experience. Students can select one of two customizable tracks: Global Business or Management of Technology.
Postgraduate
The college offers a PhD in Management. It is limited to full-time students who will complete their entire doctoral program before leaving the campus. There are seven concentrations: Accounting, Finance, Information Technology Management, Marketing, Operations Management, Organizational Behavior, and Strategy and Innovation.
Centers and Initiatives
Business Analytics Center
The Business Analytics Center (BAC) brings together industry leaders, Georgia Tech faculty, and business analytics students to support programs offered by the College and Georgia Tech, including an MBA concentration in Business Analytics, a Certificate in Analytics, and one-year interdisciplinary Master of Science in Analytics.
Cecil B. Day Program for Business Ethics
Named for Cecil B. Day, founder of Days Inns of America, the program supports the Institute of Leadership and Social Impact's (ILSI) Ideas to Serve program, the Net Impact program, an annual speaker series, and a grant for faculty who incorporate ethics into their curriculum.
Center for International Business and Research
The mission of the Center for International Business and Research's (CIBER) mission is to ensure the long-term international economic competitiveness of the United States through the support of research, business education initiatives, and corporate outreach activities with forums, conferences, and thought leadership. It is one of only 17 national resource centers of excellence in international business funded by the U.S. Department of Education.
Creative Destruction Lab
The Creative Destruction Lab (CDL) is an objectives-based program for massively scalable, seed-stage, science and technology-based ventures. It supports ventures in commerce, consumer health, engineering, finance, logistics, public health, transportation, and more. The program's mentors provide assistance to technical founders who learn from other entrepreneurs. The TI:GER (Technology Innovation: Generating Economic Results) program is the educational arm of CDL-Atlanta.
Financial Analysis Lab
The Financial Analysis Lab conducts unbiased research on issues of financial reporting and analysis. Their focus is on issues of interest to a large segment of stock market participants. Depending on the issue, the lab may focus attention on individual companies, groups of companies, or segments of the market at large and produce a quarterly report of cash flow trends and their quarterly drivers.
Institute for Leadership and Social Impact
The Institute for Leadership and Social Impact (ILSI) is an interdisciplinary center that promotes servant leadership and organizational practices through workshops, coursework, a major lecture series (the Impact Speaker Series), the Ideas to Serve student social innovation competition, the Servant Leadership Student Fellows program, and the Leadership for Social Good Study Abroad program.
Program for Engineering Entrepreneurship
The Program for Engineering Entrepreneurship is a collaboration between the Scheller College of Business, the College of Engineering, and the Woodruff School of Mechanical Engineering. The program's focus includes a graduate-level curriculum leading to a Certificate in Engineering Entrepreneurship, and short courses on a variety of topics for faculty members, scientists, and engineers, academic conferences, and seminars.
Ray C. Anderson Center for Sustainable Business
The Ray C. Anderson Center for Sustainable Business (ACSB), named in honor of Georgia Tech alumnus Ray C. Anderson, focuses on conducting research, educating students, and partnering with industry practitioners to support the development of sustainable business practices. The center works with faculty research initiatives, offers grants to students interested in business sustainability, and partners with other universities for the Global Social Venture Competition. It also helps supports the Idea to Serve and Carbon Reduction Challenge Competitions.
Steven A. Denning Management & Technology Program
The Steven A. Denning Technology & Management (T&M) Program is open to all Georgia Tech undergraduate students. Business and Engineering students who complete the program earn a minor in Engineering & Business. Computer Science and IT Management students earn a minor in Computing & Business. Students from all other colleges earn a minor in Technology & Business.
TI:GER® (Technology Innovation: Generating Economic Results)
The TI:GER® (Technology Innovation: Generating Economic Results) program is a 16-month transdisciplinary program that prepares students for careers in technology innovation. MBA students work with PhD students from Georgia Tech's College of Engineering, College of Computing, and College of Sciences on a project in innovative technology with a possibility for commercialization.
Notable College of Business Alumni
See also
List of United States business school rankings
List of business schools in the United States
List of Atlantic Coast Conference business schools
References
External links
Scheller College of Business
Article on the College of Business from the New Georgia Encyclopedia
Georgia Tech colleges and schools
Business schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Educational institutions established in 1934
1934 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Mount Garth is a summit in Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada located directly south of Coronation Mountain.
Mount Garth was named in 1920 after John McDonald of Garth, a businessman in the fur industry.
See also
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
References
Mountains of Banff National Park
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Alberta's Rockies
Elisabeth Luther Cary (May 18, 1867 – July 13, 1936) was an American writer and art critic.
Early life
Born in Brooklyn, New York, she was the daughter of Edward and Elisabeth (Luther) Cary. Her father was editor of the Brooklyn Union and later became an editorial writer for The New York Times. Elisabeth was privately educated and from 1885–1898 she studied art.
Career
From 1893–1895, she translated three novels from French. In the years that followed she published a series of studies on prominent literary figures. In 1904, she collaborated with Annie M. Jones to produce a book of recipes inspired by quotes from famous literary figures titled, Books and My Food. She began publishing a monthly small art magazine called The Scrip in 1905.
In 1908, she was named the first full-time art critic for The New York Times, where she worked for the next twenty five years. Following World War I, she helped encourage the founding of industrial arts schools and the introduction of machinery into the studio.
Death
After living in Brooklyn her entire life, she died of heat exhaustion in 1936. She was buried in Greenwood Cemetery, Brooklyn.
Bibliography
August Lepère (1914).
Artists Past and Present - Random Studies (1909).
Honoré Daumier, a collection of his social and political caricatures together with an introductory essay on his art (1907).
The works of James McNeill Whistler: a study (1907).
The art of William Blake: his sketch-book, his water-colours, his painted books (1907).
The novels of Henry James: a study (1905) with Frederick Allen King.
Emerson, poet and thinker (1904).
Books and my food: with literary quotations and original recipes for every day in the year (1904) with Annie M. Jones.
William Morris: poet, craftsman, socialist (1902).
The Rossettis: Dante Gabriel and Christina (1900).
Browning, poet and man: a survey (1898).
Tennyson: his homes, his friends, and his work (1898).
Translations
Vte. Eugène-Melchior Vogüé, Russian Portraits (1895).
Pierre Maël, The Land of the Tawny Beasts (1895).
Francisque Sarcey, Recollections of Middle Life (1893).
Edouard Rod, Father and Son
References
External links
1867 births
1936 deaths
American art critics
Writers from New York (state)
Critics employed by The New York Times
American women journalists
American women critics
Lareau Farm is a historic farm property at 48 Lareau Road in Waitsfield, Vermont. First settled in 1794 by Simeon Stoddard and his wife Abiah, two of the town's early settlers, the farmstead includes both a house and barn dating to that period. Now serving primarily as a bed and breakfast inn, the farm property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.
Description and history
The Lareau Farm consists of on the west side of Vermont Route 100, south of Waitsfield Village and just north of the road's crossing of the Mad River. The farmstead is set near the river, and is accessed via the short Lareau Road. The complex includes a typical New England connected farmstead, which has a main block connected via a series of ells to a horse and carriage barn. North of the house stands a dairy barn, and a modern event pavilion stands to the south. The main block of the house is a 1-1/2 story Cottage style Cape, with a raised half-story. It has corner pilasters and an entablature in the Greek Revival, and was built about 1835.
The farm property was first developed about 1795 by Doctor Simeon Stoddard, who arrived in the area in 1794 along with Benjamin Wait, for whom the town is named. Stoddard built the oldest portion of the dairy barn, an English barn form that was rotated and enlarged in 1895. He also built as a house what is now the ell of the main house. The property underwent significant enlargement under the ownership of Pliny Lockwood in 1895; in addition to enlarging the original barn, he also built the horse barn at the north end of the house. The property was purchased Philippe and Fleurette Lareau in 1940. It presently serves as a bed and breakfast.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Vermont
References
External links
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Vermont
Greek Revival architecture in Vermont
Commercial buildings completed in 1794
Houses in Washington County, Vermont
Buildings and structures in Waitsfield, Vermont
Bed and breakfasts in Vermont
1794 establishments in Vermont
The southern bentbill (Oncostoma olivaceum) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Colombia and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
southern bentbill
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
southern bentbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Irti (Finnish for "Off" or "Loose") is the fourth solo album of Ismo Alanko, released in 1996. According to Alanko, he and his band gave themselves two weeks time to compose and record the album from scratch. The result is an improvisation-based, more freely-played album than the preceding Taiteilijaelämää.
Track listing
Music and lyrics by Ismo Alanko.
"Piste"—5:04
"Kriisistä kriisiin"—5:28
"Elämä on hauras"—5:18
"Häpeä ja kateus"—2:57
"Aika kuolla"—6:33
"Mitä se mulle kuuluu mitä mä teen"—5:12
"Rakkauden tila"—3:47
"Rokin kreivi"—3:19
"Miespaholainen"—3:50
"Lokki"—3:57
"Lasten laulu"—3:50
Personnel
Ismo Alanko -- vocals, guitar, cello
Jouko Hohko -- bass, vocals
Ismo "Ippe" Kätkä -- drums, percussion
Riku Mattila—guitar
Teho Majamäki -- marimba, vibraphone, keyboards, percussion
Ismo "Izmo" Heikkilä -- synthesizer
References
1996 albums
Ismo Alanko albums
Juliette Atkinson won the singles tennis title by defeating reigning champion Helen Hellwig 6–4, 6–2, 6–1 in the Challenge Round of the 1895 U.S. Women's National Singles Championship. Atkinson had won the right to challenge Hellwig by defeating Elisabeth Moore 6–3, 7–5, 3–6, 6–0 in the final of the Comers' competition. The event was played on outdoor grass courts and held at the Philadelphia Cricket Club in Wissahickon Heights, Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia from June 25 through June 29, 1895.
Draw
Challenge round
All Comers' finals
References
1895
1895 in American women's sports
June 1895 sports events
Women's Singles
1895 in women's tennis
Volle may refer to:
Volle, 2005 novel from the Argaea series by Kyell Gold
Võlle, village in Kose Parish, Harju County, Estonia
People
Dag Krister Volle (1963–1998; better known as Denniz Pop), Swedish DJ, music producer and songwriter
Frédéric Volle (born 1966), French handball player
Michael Volle (born 1960), German operatic baritone
Walter Volle (1913–2002), German rower
Heraldry
Vol (heraldry), a pair of conjoined wings (or "wings conjoined")
Alcyonidiidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Ctenostomatida.
Genera:
Alcyonidioides d'Hondt, 2001
Alcyonidium Lamouroux, 1813
Bockiella Silén, 1942
Demafinga Cuffey, Dodge & Skema, 2014
Halodactyle Farre
Halodactylus Farre, 1837
Lobiancopora Pergens, 1889
Paralcyonidium Okada, 1925
Syringothenia Obut, 1953
References
Bryozoan families
Sandakan Municipal Council (, abbreviated MPS; ) is the municipal council which administrates the city and municipalities area of Sandakan in the state of Sabah, Malaysia.
History
The municipal council is formed in 1982 following the merged between Sandakan Town Board and Rural District Council on 1 January 1982. The title of "Commissioner" was subsequently replaced with "President" while "Employee" becomes "Secretary". On 1 January 1984, Sandakan District Office was abolished by the state government with some of their previous duties and responsibilities were taken over by the municipal council and the former district officer became deputy president of the council. In April 2018, Sabah Minister of Local Government and State Housing Hajiji Noor said that the Cabinet of Sabah has decided to upgrade the status of the municipal council into Sandakan City Council with the plans supposed to take effect on 1 July. However, following the sudden change of government in the 2018 election, the plans unable to become reality. On 4 September 2018, the President of the council was replaced by a new President with focus are given on other matters. Through the statement by Sabah Deputy Chief Minister and Local Government and Housing Minister Jaujan Sambakong on 5 August 2019, the new government will continue the plan to elevating Sandakan's status as the second city in Sabah. In 2021, the 9th Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob has pre-launch Sandakan as the second city in Sabah. The Public Works Minister Bung Moktar Radin said that they had planned Sandakan to achieve city status by October 2022.
President of Sandakan Municipal Council (Presiden)
Since 1982, the town has been led by eleven presidents. The previous presidents are listed as below:
References
External links
Sandakan Municipal Council official website
Sandakan
Local government in Sabah
Municipal councils in Malaysia
Limacia annulata, is a sea slug, a species of dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae.<ref>Bouchet, P. (2015). [http://www.marinespecies.org/aphia.php?p=taxdetails&id=458500 Limacia annulata Vallès, Valdés & Ortea, 2000.] In: MolluscaBase (2015). Accessed through: World Register of Marine Species on 2015-12-22</ref>
Description
The length of the species attains 5.6 mm.
DistributionLimacia annulata'' was described from Praia São Tiago, Bengo Province, , Angola.
References
Polyceridae
Gastropods described in 2000
Darryl Nasir Reynolds (born October 13, 1993) is an American basketball coach and former player. He played one season for Start Lublin in the Polish Basketball League. He played college basketball for the Villanova Wildcats.
Early life and high school career
Reynolds was born in Philadelphia, the son of Rabia Sulayman and Darryl Reynolds, Sr. His siblings are Lailah, Malikah, Milan and Cannon. He attended Lower Merion High School and played AAU Basketball 1st for the Sharon Knights AAU then for Philly Pride. Coming into his senior season, his best college offer was Division II Holy Family University, but as the season went on he began to get Division I looks. As a senior in 2011–12, he averaged 11.2 points, 8.2 rebounds and 4.2 blocked shots per game, improving those numbers to 15 points, 11 rebounds and 5.3 blocks in the PIAA playoffs. He led the Aces to Pennsylvania Class AAAA state championship game and was a first-team All-Central League and first-team All-Main Line selection. Reynolds did a postgraduate year at the Worcester Academy, where he led the Hilltoppers to a 21–6 record. He signed with Villanova in April 2013 after considering Seton Hall, Utah, and South Carolina, choosing the Wildcats because he liked coach Jay Wright and the style of play. Jay Wright began to notice him after Larry Brown pointed him out at a Chester-Lower Merion game when Wright was scouting Rondae Hollis-Jefferson. When Markus Kennedy transferred to SMU, Reynolds was given a scholarship offer.
College career
Reynolds played sparingly his freshman year, averaging 0.3 points and 1.0 rebounds in 3.1 minutes per game. He began to see more playing time in the non-conference season of his sophomore campaign, contributing six points, four rebounds and two blocked shots in a matchup against Saint Joseph's. Reynolds averaged 1.4 points and 1.2 rebounds in 5.4 minutes per game as a sophomore. He benefited in practicing against JayVaughn Pinkston, who taught him how to be a more physical player. "I had to learn how to play a lot harder," Reynolds said.
As a junior, Reynolds was a key reserve on the national championship-winning team. He set a new career high for rebounds with 13 in an 83–58 victory over Creighton on February 3, 2016. With Daniel Ochefu injured, Reynolds scored a career-high 19 points to go with 10 rebounds in a 72–60 win against Providence on February 6. Consequently, he was named to the Big East Honor Roll for the week of February 8. The next game, Reynolds notched 14 points and six rebounds in an 86–59 win over DePaul. He played in all six NCAA Tournament wins, with his best effort coming in the Sweet 16 with eight points and five rebounds in a 92–69 win over Miami. On the season, Reynolds averaged 3.6 points and 4.5 rebounds in 17.1 minutes per game.
With the graduation of Ochefu, Reynolds entered the starting lineup as a senior. In a 79–76 victory against Purdue on November 14, he had 12 points and eight rebounds. On November 27, he added 12 points and eight rebounds in an 82–57 win over Penn, shooting 4-for-4 from the floor. The next game, he had a season-high 13 points to go along with six rebounds in an 88–57 win over Saint Joseph's. Reynolds's highest scoring game in Big East play was a 10-point effort in a victory over Xavier on January 10, 2017. He missed five games with a rib injury but returned for the regular-season finale against Georgetown, collecting seven rebounds and recording two steals in the 81–55 victory. In his senior year, Reynolds averaged 4.5 points and 5.4 rebounds in 23.8 minutes per game.
Professional career
Reynolds participated in The Basketball Tournament 2017 for the Villanova alumni team Supernova. In August 2017 he signed with the Polish team Start Lublin. Reynolds averaged 8.6 points, 7.2 rebounds, and 1.3 blocks per game as the team made the Polish Cup for the first time in their history. In May 2018 Reynolds tore his ACL while playing a game on the La Salle campus. While recuperating, he created the "Stay Tuned with D.Rey" talk show in which he interviewed Villanova basketball players, alumni and faculty.
Coaching career
In 2018, Reynolds became the Director of Student Athlete Development at Villanova. He helped guide the team to a 26–10 record and Big East championship in the 2018–19 season. In October 2019, he announced he was departing the coaching staff.
References
External links
ESPN profile
1993 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Philadelphia
Forwards (basketball)
Lower Merion High School alumni
Start Lublin players
Villanova Wildcats men's basketball players
Villanova Wildcats men's basketball coaches
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
The North–South Prize is awarded annually by the North-South Centre of the Council of Europe to two public figures who are recognised for their deep commitment, outstanding achievements and hope they have generated in the field of protection of human rights, the defence of pluralist democracy and North-South partnership and solidarity. The prize originated in 1995 and it is sometimes known as the Lisbon North–South Prize.
Call for candidates and selection
The "quadrilogue" (made up of governments, members of parliament, local and regional authorities, and non-governmental organisations from civil society) involved in overseeing the North-South Centre of the Council of Europe, along with media representatives and international and regional government organisations, are urged to name individuals or an organisation whose activities are considered worthy of distinction.
The call for candidates is made on its website and its Newsletters. The Centre's partners are similarly asked to inform their respective media organs. The file is sent for review to each member of the jury. After studying the files, the North–South Prize Jury makes a final decision on the candidates.
Candidate selection criteria
The Prize is awarded to a candidate from the North (Central and Northern Europe) and one from the South (Southern Mediterranean countries and Africa), preferably to a man and a woman. Candidates should be recognised within the following fields of action: human rights protection, defence of pluralist democracy, promotion of public awareness about issues concerning global solidarity and interdependence, and reinforcement of the North-South partnership. Candidates may be nominated for their achievements within the cultural, institutional and political fields.
North-South Prize Jury
The North–South Prize Jury is composed of the Members of the Bureau of the North-South Centre and the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, under the presidency of the Chairman of the Executive Council of the North-South Centre. The Jury is helped in its task by the Secretariat of the North-South Centre.
The winners
External links
North-South Centre of the Council of Europe
Publications of the North-South Prize Award Ceremony
References
Human rights awards
Council of Europe
European awards
Awards established in 1995
1995 establishments in Europe
is a Japanese actress and voice actress affiliated with Production Baobab.
Filmography
Television animation
Yumi Kusaka (First), Tomochan, Cameraman in Crayon Shin-chan (1995)
Saaya Hanazono in Mama Loves the Poyopoyo-Saurus (1995)
Himeko Jougasaki in Chibi Maruko-chan (1995)
Maid in Fushigi Yûgi (1995)
Girl in Romeo's Blue Skies (1995)
Chisato/Mrs. Roku in Magical Girl Pretty Sammy (1996)
Mikako Sato in Martian Successor Nadesico (1996)
Yuko Ohse in Revolutionary Girl Utena (1997)
Naoko Yanagisawa in Cardcaptor Sakura (1998)
Jessica in Trigun (1998)
Goro's Mother in Angel Tales (2001)
Shimizu Mother Major (2005)
Sister in Atashin'chi (2002)
Young Kouya in The Twelve Kingdoms (2002)
Kyabetsu in Croquette! (2003)
Kaoru Ichinose in Detective Academy Q (2003)
Kyabetsu in Human Crossing (2003)
Marine in Fullmetal Alchemist (2003)
Chappu in MÄR (2005)
Etsuko Ichikawa in Darker than Black (2007)
Carine ne Britannia in Code Geass (2008)
Chouun, Shiryuu (Sei) in Koihime Musou (2008)
Manager in Captain Earth (2014)
Theatrical animation
Naoko Yanagisawa in Cardcaptor Sakura Movie 2: The Sealed Card (2000)
Ai in Inuyasha the Movie: Fire on the Mystic Island (2004)
OVA
Kumiko Nagashima in Dokyusei 2 (1996)
Chouun, Shiryuu (Sei) in Koihime Musou OVA (2009)
Video games
Amy Rose in Sonic Shuffle (2000)
Arle Nadja and Doppelganger Arle in Puyo Puyon (1999)
Chouun, Shiryuu (Sei) in Koihime Musou (2007)
Chouun, Shiryuu (Sei) in Shin Koihime Musou (2008)
Kyoko Morimura in First Kiss Story (1998)
Maria in Private Nurse (2002)
Moeko Itou in Shiny Days (2012)
Moeko Itou in Strip Battle Days 2 (2016)
Sumire Nosaki in Tokimeki Memorial 2 (1999)
Shizuku Mizumo in Yume no Tsubasa (2000)
Yuko in Kisetsu wo Dakishimete (1998)
Yuuko Kouzuki in Muv-Luv (2003)
External links
Emi Motoi at Ryu's Seiyuu Info
1971 births
Living people
Voice actresses from Kanagawa Prefecture
Japanese video game actresses
Japanese voice actresses
20th-century Japanese actresses
21st-century Japanese actresses
Production Baobab voice actors
Love Expresso () is a 2007 Spanish comedy film directed and written by Álvaro Díaz Lorenzo. The cast features Alejo Sauras, Lucía Jiménez, Asier Etxeandia, Elena Ballesteros, Diego Paris, Javier Godino, Inma Cuesta and Terele Pávez.
Plot
The plot concerns the dating experiences of a group of emotionally incompetent males close to their 30s.
Cast
Production
The film was produced by Drive Cine and Estudios Picasso and it had the participation of Telecinco.
Release
The film screened in March 2014 at the 10th Málaga Film Festival, where it clinched the Audience Award. It was theatrically released in Spain on 29 June 2007. It performed well at the domestic box office, grossing over €2 million upon the first month of its theatrical run and becoming the highest-grossing Spanish release of the year up to that point.
Reception
Jordi Costa of El País found the film worrying in terms of its status as a debut feature (insofar it was lacking in any sort of fresh look), presenting instead "four stale sitcom archetypes" crossing paths in a "microcosm inhabited by female clichés and extras in need of motivation".
Jonathan Holland of Variety presented the film as a sort of translation to Spain of American film American Pie, featuring "a couple decent comic scenes and two good perfs" rising "above the pop soundtrack, navel-gazing and scatology".
See also
List of Spanish films of 2007
References
2007 comedy films
2007 films
Spanish comedy films
2000s Spanish-language films
Telecinco Cinema films
2000s Spanish films
, writing under the pseudonym , was a Japanese film producer and the third president of Tsuburaya Productions.
Tsuburaya Productions
After the sudden death of his brother Hajime, in 1973, Noboru became president of Tsuburaya Productions until 1994.
Filmography
Producer
Ultraman, Ultraseven: Great Violent Monster Fight (1969)
The 6 Ultra Brothers vs. the Monster Army (1974)
The Last Dinosaur (1977)
Ultraman (1979)
Ultraman: Great Monster Decisive Battle (1979)
Ultraman Kids: M7.8 Sei no Yukai na Nakama (1984)
Ultraman Zoffy: Ultra Warriors vs. the Giant Monster Army (1984)
Ultraman Story (1984)
Anime Chan (1984)
Ultraman: The Adventure Begins (1987)
Ultraman G (1990)
Skyscraper Hunting (1991)
Shōrishatachi (1992)
Ultraman vs. Kamen Rider (1993)
Superhuman Samurai Syber-Squad (1994)
References
External links
1935 births
1995 deaths
Japanese film producers
Tsuburaya Productions
Ultra Series
Donna Barnett (born 1942 or 1943) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 election. She was elected as a BC Liberal member, representing the newly created riding of Cariboo-Chilcotin.
She was initially declared defeated on election night in 2009, but was subsequently declared elected over British Columbia New Democratic Party MLA Charlie Wyse after a recount.
Prior to her election to the legislature, Barnett served for 16 years as mayor of 100 Mile House.
In January 2020, Donna Barnett announced she would not run in the next provincial election.
Electoral record
|-
|Liberal
|Donna Barnett
|align="right"|6,259
|align="right"|47.85%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|13,080
!align="right"|100.00%
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|66
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|13,146
!align="right"|62.93%
|-
|NDP
| David Zirnhelt
|align="right"|6,369
|align="right"|45.37%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|$44,267
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|14,037
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|316
!align="right"|2.20%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|14,353
!align="right"|72.94%
References
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Women MLAs in British Columbia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of British Columbia
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
British Columbia Social Credit Party candidates in British Columbia provincial elections
People from the Cariboo Regional District
Mayors of places in British Columbia
Women mayors of places in British Columbia
Six vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Havock, including:
was a 12-gun gun-brig launched in 1805. She became a lightvessel in 1821, a watch vessel in 1834 and was broken up in 1859.
was a mortar vessel launched in 1855, and renamed MV5 later that year. She became a customs watch vessel designated WV27, and was broken up in 1874.
was an wooden screw gunboat launched in 1856 and sold in 1870.
was a launched in 1893, becoming the first design of torpedo boat destroyers in the Navy. She was broken up in 1912.
HMS Havock was to have been a destroyer, but was renamed before being launched in 1913.
was an H-class destroyer launched in 1936 and wrecked in 1942 off Kelibia.
See also
HMS Havick
Royal Navy ship names
Shabana is a feminine given name. People named Shabana include:
Shabana (actress), Bangladeshi actress
Shabana (dancer), a Pakistani dancer killed by the Taliban
Shabana Akhtar, Pakistani athlete
Shabana Azmi, Indian actress
Shabana Bakhsh, Scottish actress
Shabana Rehman Gaarder, Norwegian comedian
Shabana Mahmood, British politician
See also
Mohammed Shabana (b. 1931), Egyptian Air Force commander
Pakistani feminine given names
Chiúre District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique. It covers 5,439 km² with 248,381 inhabitants.
The district is divided into six administrative posts, which include the following localities:
Posto Administrativo de Chiúre:
Chiúre (Vila),
Jonga, e
Milamba
Posto Administrativo de Chiúre-Velho:
Micolene, e
Salave,
Posto Administrativo de Katapua:
Meculane
Posto Administrativo de Mazeze:
Juravo,
Mazeze, e
Murocue
Posto Administrativo de Namogelia:
Bilibiza
Posto Administrativo de Ocua:
Marera,
Ocua, e
Samora Machel
External links
District profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink defeated Stéphane Houdet and Michaël Jérémiasz in the final, 7–5, 6–2 to win the gentlemen's doubles wheelchair tennis title at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships. With the win, Scheffers completed the career Grand Slam.
Robin Ammerlaan and Stefan Olsson were the defending champions, but were defeated by Scheffers and Vink in the semifinals.
Seeds
Maikel Scheffers / Ronald Vink (champions)
Tom Egberink / Shingo Kunieda (semifinals, fourth place)
Draw
Finals
External links
Draw
Men's Wheelchair Doubles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Wheelchair men's doubles
The Barbarastollen underground archive is an underground archive intended to preserve Germany's cultural heritage from man-made or natural disaster. The Barbarastollen is located in a disused mine near Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It holds microfilms with about 1.12 billion images from German archives and museums.
Among the documents stored here in microfilm facsimile are:
treaty text of the Peace of Westphalia
Bull by Pope Leo X threatening Martin Luther with excommunication
coronation document of Otto I
documents of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
original building plans for Cologne Cathedral.
German Basic Law
The Barbarastollen tunnel is protected by the Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict of UNESCO. It is a "refuge intended to shelter, in the event of armed conflict, the movable cultural property" according to article 1 sub-paragraph b. It is furthermore the only cultural property in Germany under special protection according to Chapter II of the convention, and one of only five such sites worldwide, the others being the Vatican City and three refuges in the Netherlands. It is named after Saint Barbara. The entire complex is buried under 400 meters of rock. It is intended to survive a nuclear war. It is estimated that its contents should survive for at least 500 years without any serious damage.
References
Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald
Archives in Germany
Former mines in Germany
Sportfreunde Baumberg is a German amateur football club from the neighbourhood of Baumberg in Monheim am Rhein, North Rhine-Westphalia. Founded in 1962, the team plays in the Oberliga Niederrhein in the fifth tier of the German football league system.
History
As the winners of the 2013 Lower Rhine Cup, the club played in the 2013–14 DFB-Pokal. In the first round on 3 August, it lost 4–1 at home to FC Ingolstadt 04 of the 2. Bundesliga.
After three seasons in the tier five Oberliga Niederrhein the club was relegated to the Landesliga Niederrhein (tier six) at the end of the 2014–15 season but bounced back immediately with a league championship and promotion there.
Honours
The club's honours:
Lower Rhine Cup
Winners: 2013
Landesliga Niederrhein 2
Champions: 2006, 2010
Landesliga Niederrhein 1
Champions: 2016
References
External links
Official club site
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in North Rhine-Westphalia
1962 establishments in West Germany
Association football clubs established in 1962
The 1964 Croydon Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went into no overall control.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the County Borough of Croydon and Coulsdon and Purley Urban District. These boroughs and districts were joined to form the new London Borough of Croydon by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 171 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 20 wards. These included a full slate from the Labour party, while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 42 each. Other candidates included 9 Residents, 9 Conservative Residents, 5 Independents and 4 Communists. All wards were three-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. The Conservatives got 5 aldermen, Labour 3 and Independents 2.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw no party gain overall control of the new council with both the Conservatives and Labour each winning 21 of the 60 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 38.2%. This turnout included 855 postal votes.
Ward results
Addiscombe
Bensham Manor
Broad Green
Central
Coulsdon East
East
New Addington
Norbury
Purley
Sanderstead & Selsdon
Sanderstead North
Shirley
South Norwood
Thornton Heath
Upper Norwood
Waddon
West Thornton
Whitehorse Manor
Woodcote & Coulsdon West
Woodside
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
The Church of the Friars Preachers of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Montrose, commonly called Blackfriars, was a mendicant friary of the Dominican Order founded in the 13th century at Montrose, Scotland. The Chronica Extracta claimed that it was founded by Alan Durward. It was however abandoned at some point in the 14th century. In the early 16th century it was alleged that the house had fallen into disuse because it had been burned during a war, perhaps the Wars of Scottish Independence, and neglected thereafter.
On 14 November 1516, John Stewart, Duke of Albany, acting in the name of King James V of Scotland, authorised Patrick Panter, Abbot of Cambuskenneth, to re-institute the house. On 18 May 1517, Pope Leo X granted Albany's petition to transfer the property of St Mary's Hospital to the friary. The papal bull of erection was issued on 5 June 1518. The house had a prior, a sub-prior, and at least eight ordinary friars. The friars appear to have resided at the hospital as much if not more than they did at their former house.
The black friars of Montrose, like mendicants everywhere else in Scotland, were targeted during the lead up to the Scottish Reformation. A letter by Francis II of France and Mary, Queen of Scots, dated 22 February 1559, confirmed the decision of the lords of the secret council to eject the friars and restore the hospital. King James VI of Scotland granted the property and remaining revenues of the friars to the burgh of Montrose on 1 January 1571.
References
Cowan, Ian B. & Easson, David E., Medieval Religious Houses: Scotland With an Appendix on the Houses in the Isle of Man, Second Edition, (London, 1976)
Christian organizations established in the 13th century
1518 establishments in Scotland
1571 disestablishments in Scotland
Dominican houses in Scotland
History of Angus, Scotland
Christianity in Angus, Scotland
Religious organizations established in the 1510s
Christian monasteries established in the 16th century
Former Christian monasteries in Scotland
Killing Lincoln: The Shocking Assassination That Changed America Forever is a book by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard concerning the 1865 assassination of U.S. president Abraham Lincoln. The book was released on September 27, 2011, and is the first of the Killing series of popular history books by O'Reilly and Dugard.
O'Reilly indicated in a USA Today interview that his coauthor Martin Dugard has written several history books. O'Reilly himself graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from Marist College in 1971 as well as a master's degree in broadcast journalism from Boston University and master's degree in public administration from Harvard University.
Reception
As of 14 November 2011, Killing Lincoln was among Amazon's best sellers and at number two on the New York Times list of best-selling non-fiction. It also held the number one spot on the New York Times E-Book Nonfiction list for multiple weeks. In late October 2011, the publisher, Henry Holt and Co., stated that Killing Lincoln had sold nearly a million copies. On the November 14, 2011 edition of The O'Reilly Factor, O'Reilly told his television audience that "there are now more than 1 million copies of Killing Lincoln in print, and the book continues to sell briskly." By December 2012, the New York Times reported the book had been on their best-seller list for more than 65 weeks.
Criticism
During the book's initial release, Rae Emerson, the deputy superintendent of Ford's Theatre National Historic Site, conducted a review of the book's text and discovered a number of inaccuracies, which she described as "factual errors" and listed as numbering ten, each different and one additionally occurring multiple times. As a result of the review, the National Park Service, which manages Ford's Theatre, made the decision not to allow the edition of the book containing the errors to be sold at the Eastern National Bookstore located in the Museum at Ford's Theatre National Historic Site, although it is sold in a gift shop in the lobby that is operated independently by the Ford's Theatre Society. Historian Edward Steers has also criticized the book in a review for various inaccuracies and for lending support to conspiracy theories.
In response to Emerson's review, O'Reilly said that the mistakes, which he numbered less than her findings at just "four minor misstatements" and "two typeset errors", had been corrected in subsequent printings. O'Reilly called the controversy "a concerted effort by people who don't like me to diminish the book," said that Killing Lincoln was "honest," and wished all students would read it.
Errors in first edition
English-language, first-edition hardcover print copies containing errata material can be identified as such if they contain the following:
Page 3: The man with six weeks to live is anxious. He furls his brow, as he does countless times each day . . . ("Furl" means to wrap or roll around a pole, as to store a sail, flag, or umbrella; "furrow" means to create rows or wrinkles, as on the forehead.)
Page 83: Grant and Lee rise simultaneously and shake hands. The two warriors will never meet again. (After their meeting on April 9, 1865 in which Lee surrendered at the Appomattox Court House in Virginia, Grant and Lee met again the next day to discuss paroles for Lee's Confederate troops so that they would not be arrested or harassed.)
Page 104: Not the least bit discouraged, Booth walks up to Ford's Theatre on Tenth Street. After it was burned to the ground in 1863, owner John Ford rebuilt it . . . (The fire occurred on December 30, 1862 and gutted the interior, leaving the outer walls intact. The authors later correctly state on page 159: When Ford's Athenaeum was destroyed by fire in 1862 . . .).
Page 131: That afternoon, Grant meets with Lincoln in the Oval Office. (The Oval Office was not built until 1909, 44 years after Lincoln's death.)
Page 146: By nine A.M., President Lincoln is sitting at his desk in the Oval Office.
Page 154: Now, between Oval Office appointments, Lincoln summons a messenger.
Page 160: The state box, where the Lincolns and Grants will sit this evening, is almost on the stage itself--so close that if Lincoln were to impulsively rise from his rocking chair and leap into the actors' midst, the distance traveled would be a mere nine feet. (Depending on which end of the box the measurement is taken from, the distance from the state box to the stage below is 11 to 12 feet.)
Page 160: On nights when the Lincolns are in attendance, the partition is removed. Red, white, and blue bunting is draped over the railing and a portrait of George Washington faces out at the audience, designating that the president of the United States is in the house. (Ford added the portrait of George Washington for the first time on April 14, 1865, the day of the assassination.)
Page 160: Like many actors, he spends so much time on the road that he doesn't have a permanent address. So Ford's Opera House, as the theater is formally known, is his permanent address. (The formal name of the theatre at the time of the assassination was "Ford's Theatre." Before that, after the 1863 renovation, it was called "Ford's New Theatre.")
Page 160: . . . an American Cousin rehearsal is taking place . . . The show has been presented eight previous time at Ford's . . . (It was performed seven previous times. The eighth was the night of the assassination.)
Page 161: ". . . stage carpenter James J. Clifford bounds into the room . . . Clifford is estatic . . . (His last name was Gifford.) Page 154: "The chief carpenter at Ford's theatre was James J. Gifford."
Page 161: Booth has performed here often and is more familiar with its hidden backstage tunnels . . . (According to Rae Emerson, deputy superintendent at Ford's Theatre, this description in the book is inaccurate, as there are passageways and stairways backstage known and routinely used by the cast, crew, and musicians. O'Reilly admits, however, on page 3 that Killing Lincoln is "written in the style of a thriller," so arguably his choice of words could be viewed in that dramatic spirit, as such backstage areas would technically be hidden from the audience and Mr. and Mrs. Lincoln, who were in attendance)
Page 195: Booth's second act of preparation that afternoon was using a pen knife to carve a very small peephole in the back wall of the state box. Now he looks through the hole to get a better view of the president. (No evidence has ever been found to prove Booth carved a peephole. There is an after-the-fact 1962 letter from the son of Henry Clay Ford, brother of John T. Ford, the theatre's owner, insisting that his father had the hole bored so that the guard could check on the presidential party without having to open the door.)
Page 242: But Mudd's five-hundred-acre estate . . . (It was 217 acres.)
Page 278: Mary Surratt . . . claustrophobia and disfigurement caused by the hood . . . One eyewitness called her cell aboard the Montauk "barely habitable." (Unlike the other accused co-conspirators, Mary Surratt was never held aboard the U.S.S. Montauk and she never wore a hood during her confinement at the Old Capitol Prison and in a federal prison at the Washington Arsenal, where she was eventually hanged.)
Television adaptation
O'Reilly told USA Today in a phone interview published in the September 29, 2011 issue that he talked with producers ("big hitters") about turning the book into a cable television special.
Tony Scott was working on adapting the book for the National Geographic Channel when he committed suicide on August 19, 2012. Production had already begun in Richmond, Virginia. In the film Virginia Repertory Theatre's November Theatre represented Fords Theatre. The film aired on National Geographic Channel on February 17, 2013 hosted and narrated by Tom Hanks. The docudrama was aired in memorial tribute to Tony Scott. The television film averaged 3.4 million viewers, scoring about 1 million viewers in the 25-54 demographic. It was National Geographic's highest-rated television airing surpassing Inside 9/11, which drew 3 million in August 2005. The record was broken by Killing Kennedy, which drew in 3,354,000 viewers while Lincoln took 3,351,000.
References
External links
Official book website
Civil War News, book review, December 2011 Reviewer: James A. Percoco, author of Summers with Lincoln: Looking for the Man in the Monument'', National Teachers Hall of Fame inductee.
2011 non-fiction books
21st-century history books
Assassination of Abraham Lincoln
Books about Abraham Lincoln
Non-fiction books adapted into films
Books by Bill O'Reilly (political commentator)
Books by Martin Dugard (author)
Henry Holt and Company books
Non-fiction books about murders in the United States
Works about assassinations in the United States
Ecosystem-based adaptation (EbA) encompasses a broad set of approaches to adapt to climate change. They all involve the management of ecosystems and their services to reduce the vulnerability of human communities to the impacts of climate change. The Convention on Biological Diversity defines EbA as "the use of biodiversity and ecosystem services as part of an overall adaptation strategy to help people to adapt to the adverse effects of climate change".
EbA involves the conservation, sustainable management and restoration of ecosystems, such as forests, grasslands, wetlands, mangroves or coral reefs to reduce the harmful impacts of climate hazards including shifting patterns or levels of rainfall, changes in maximum and minimum temperatures, stronger storms, and increasingly variable climatic conditions. EbA measures can be implemented on their own or in combination with engineered approaches (such as the construction of water reservoirs or dykes), hybrid measures (such as artificial reefs) and approaches that strengthen the capacities of individuals and institutions to address climate risks (such as the introduction of early warning systems).
EbA is nested within the broader concept of nature-based solutions and complements and shares common elements with a wide variety of other approaches to building the resilience of social-ecological systems. These approaches include community-based adaptation, ecosystem-based disaster risk reduction, climate-smart agriculture, and green infrastructure, and often place emphasis on using participatory and inclusive processes and community/stakeholder engagement. The concept of EbA has been promoted through international fora, including the processes of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD). A number of countries make explicit references to EbA in their strategies for adaptation to climate change and their Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) under the Paris Agreement.
While the barriers to widespread uptake of EbA by public and private sector stakeholders and decision makers are substantial, cooperation toward generating a greater understanding of the potential of EbA is well established among researchers, advocates, and practitioners from nature conservation and sustainable development groups. EbA is increasingly viewed as an effective means of addressing the linked challenges of climate change and poverty in developing countries, where many people are dependent on natural resources for their lives and livelihoods.
Overview
Ecosystem-based Adaptation (EbA) describes a variety of approaches for adapting to climate change, all of which involve the management of ecosystems to reduce the vulnerability of human communities to the impacts of climate change such as storm and flood damage to physical assets, coastal erosion, salinisation of freshwater resources, and loss of agricultural productivity. EbA lies at the intersection of climate change adaptation, socio-economic development, and biodiversity conservation (see Figure 1).
While ecosystem services have always been used by societies, the term Ecosystem-based Adaptation was coined in 2008 by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and its member institutions at the UN Climate Change Convention Conference in 2008. EbA was officially defined in 2009 at the UN Convention on Biological Diversity Conference.
Adaptation to climate change hazards
Healthy ecosystems provide important ecosystem services that can contribute to climate change adaptation. For example, healthy mangrove ecosystems provide protection from the impacts of climate change, often for some of the world's most vulnerable people, by absorbing wave energy and storm surges, adapting to rising sea levels, and stabilizing shorelines from erosion. EbA focuses on benefits that humans derive from biodiversity and ecosystem services and how these benefits can be used for managing risk to climate change impacts. Adaptation to climate change is particularly urgent in developing countries and many Small Island Developing States that are already experiencing some of the most severe impacts of climate change, have economies that are highly sensitive to disruptions, and that have lower adaptive capacity.
Making active use of biodiversity and ecosystem services
EbA can involve a wide range of ecosystem management activities that aim to reduce the vulnerability of people to climate change hazards (such as rising sea levels, changing rainfall patterns, and stronger storms) through using nature. For example, EbA measures include coastal habitat restoration in ecosystems such as coral reefs, mangrove forests, and marshes to protect communities and infrastructure from storm surges; agroforestry to increase resilience of crops to droughts or excessive rainfall; integrated water resource management to cope with consecutive dry days and change in rainfall patterns; and sustainable forest management interventions to stabilise slopes, prevent landslides, and regulate water flow to prevent flash flooding (see Table 1 and Figure 2).
Co-benefits of EbA
By deploying EbA, proponents cite that many other benefits to people and nature are delivered simultaneously. These correlated benefits include improved human health, socioeconomic development, food security and water security, disaster risk reduction, carbon sequestration, and biodiversity conservation. For example, restoration of ecosystems such as forests and coastal wetlands can contribute to food security and enhance livelihoods through the collection of non-timber forest products, maintain watershed functionality, and sequester carbon to mitigate global warming. Restoration of mangrove ecosystems can help increase food and livelihood security by supporting fisheries, and reduce disaster risk by decreasing wave height and strength during hurricanes and storms.
Implementation and examples of EbA
Examples of EbA measures and outcomes
Particular ecosystems can provide a variety specific climate change adaptation benefits (or services). The most suitable EbA measures will depend on local context, the health of the ecosystem and the primary climate change hazard that needs to be addressed. The below table provides an overview of these factors, common EbA measures and intended outcomes.
Principles and standards for implementing EbA
Since the evolution of the concept and practice of EbA, various principles and standards have been developed to guide best practices for implementation. The guidelines adopted by the CBD build on these efforts and include a set of principles to guide planning and implementation. The principles are broadly clustered into four themes:
Building resilience and enhancing adaptive capacity through EbA interventions;
Ensuring inclusivity and equity in planning and implementation;
Consideration of multiple spatial and temporal scales in the design of EbA interventions;
Improving the effectiveness and efficiency of EbA, for example, by incorporating adaptive management, identifying limitations and trade-offs, integrating the knowledge of indigenous peoples and local communities.
These principles are complemented by safeguards, which are social and environmental measures to avoid unintended consequences of EbA to people, ecosystems and biodiversity.
Standards have also been developed to help practitioners understand what interventions qualify as EbA, including the elements of helping people adapt to climate change, making active use of biodiversity and ecosystem services, and being part of an overall adaptation strategy.
Challenges to be addressed for greater adoption of EbA
Although interest in Ecosystem-based Adaptation has grown, and meta-analyses of case studies are demonstrating the efficacy and cost-effectiveness of EbA interventions, there are recognised challenges that should be addressed or considered to increase adoption of the approach. These include:
Potential limitations of ecosystem services under a changing climate. One challenge facing EbA is the identification of limits and thresholds beyond which EbA might not deliver adaptation benefits and the extent ecosystems can provide ecosystem services under a changing climate.
Difficulty in monitoring, evaluation, and establishing the evidence base for effective EbA. Confusion around what Ecosystem-based Adaptation means has led to an array of different methodologies used for assessments, and the lack of consistent and comparable quantitative measures of EbA success and failure makes it difficult to argue the case for EbA in socio-economic terms. EbA research has also relied heavily on Western scientific knowledge without due consideration of local and traditional knowledge. In addition, it can be difficult to implement a plan for monitoring and evaluation due to potentially long timescales required to observe the impacts of EbA.
Governance and institutional constraints. Because EbA is a multi-sectoral policy issue, the challenges of governing and planning are immense. This is due in part to the fact that EbA involves both the sectors that manage ecosystems and those that benefit from ecosystem services.
Economic and financial constraints. Broad macroeconomic considerations such as economic development, poverty, and access to financial capital to implement climate adaptation options are contributing factors to constraints impeding greater uptake of EbA. Public and multilateral funding for EbA projects thus far has been available through the International Climate Initiative of the German Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety, the Global Environment Facility, the Green Climate Fund, the European Union, the Department for International Development of the Government of the United Kingdom, the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency and the Danish International Development Agency, among other sources.
Social and cultural barriers. A clear factor constraining EbA is varying perceptions of risks and cultural preferences for particular types of management approaches such as cultural preferences for what a particular landscape should look like. Potential stakeholders can hold negative perceptions about particular types of EbA strategies.
Policy frameworks
Several international policy fora have acknowledged the multiple roles that ecosystems play in delivering services and addressing global challenges, including those related to climate change, natural disasters, sustainable development, and biodiversity conservation.
Climate change policy
The Paris Agreement explicitly recognises nature's role in helping people and societies address climate change, calling on all Parties to acknowledge "the importance of ensuring the integrity of all ecosystems, including oceans, and the protection of biodiversity, recognised by some cultures as Mother Earth"; its Articles include several references to ecosystems, natural resources and forests.
This notion has translated into high-level national intent, as revealed by comparative analyses of the Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) submitted to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) by signatories of the Paris Agreement. The UNFCCC also established the national adaptation plan (NAP) process as a way to facilitate adaptation planning in the least developed countries (LDCs) and other developing countries. Because of their lower level of development, climate change risks magnify development challenges for LDCs.
Disaster risk reduction policy
Measures and interventions applied as part of EbA are often closely linked or similar to those employed under ecosystem-based disaster risk reduction (Eco-DRR). The Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction acknowledges that in order to strengthen disaster risk governance and manage disaster risk and risk reduction at global and regional levels, it is important "to promote transboundary cooperation to enable policy and planning for the implementation of ecosystem-based approaches with regard to shared resources, such as within river basins and along coastlines, to build resilience and reduce disaster risk, including epidemic and displacement risk".
Sustainable development policy
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a collection of 17 global goals set by the United Nations General Assembly in 2015. Biodiversity and ecosystems feature prominently across many of the SDGs and associated targets. They contribute directly to human well-being and development priorities. Biodiversity is at the centre of many economic activities, particularly those related to crop and livestock agriculture, forestry, and fisheries. Globally, nearly half of the human population is directly dependent on natural resources for its livelihood, and many of the most vulnerable people depend directly on biodiversity to fulfil their daily subsistence needs. Ecosystem-based Adaptation offers potential to contribute towards the implementation of numerous SDGs, including the goals related to climate adaptation (SDG 13), eliminating poverty and hunger (SDGs 1 and 2), ensuring livelihoods and economic growth (SDG 8) and life on land and life underwater (SDGs 14 and 15), among others.
Biodiversity conservation policy
The Strategic Plan for Biodiversity 2011-2020 and the Aichi Biodiversity Targets, under the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), aim to halt the loss of biodiversity to ensure ecosystems are resilient and continue to provide essential services. Most recently, the Conference of the Parties has adopted voluntary guidelines for the design and effective implementation of ecosystem-based approaches to adaptation and disaster risk reduction.
EbA and similar approaches have been called for in other policy frameworks, including the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) and the Ramsar Convention.
EbA knowledge exchange platforms
The following is an alphabetical list of EbA networks, working groups, and platforms that are exchanging knowledge and experiences in an effort to address and overcome the challenges of implementing EbA. This selection is not exhaustive.
AdaptationCommunity
Coastal EbA
EbA Community
Friends of EbA
International EbA Community of Practice
PANORAMA Solutions – EbA Portal
We Adapt
References
Applied sciences
Sustainability
Climate change adaptation
Joachim Hopp (born 10 July 1966) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.
References
1966 births
Living people
Association football defenders
German footballers
MSV Duisburg II players
MSV Duisburg players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
KFC Uerdingen 05 players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
German football managers
Footballers from Duisburg
Adso may refer to:
Adso of Montier-en-Der (920–992), abbot of the Benedictine monastery of Montier-en-Der Abbey in France
Adso of Melk, a character in The Name of the Rose
ADSO (Application Development System Online), a tool used to expedite the writing and testing of modular applications using IDMS databases
Happiness is a 1924 American silent comedy film directed by King Vidor and starring stage actress Laurette Taylor in one of her rare film appearances. The film is based on the 1914 Broadway play of the same name written by Taylor's husband J. Hartley Manners.
Plot
As described in a film magazine review, Jenny Wray, the sole support of her mother, obtains work in a modiste's shop. She is called on to deliver several gowns to Mrs. Chrystal Pole. Mrs. Pole, who is bored with life, becomes interested in Jenny's philosophy of happiness, and induces her to make her home at the Pole mansion. However, Jenny soon tires of it and returns to Brooklyn. She continues to cultivate the friendship of Mrs. Pole, who aids her in her efforts to have her own modiste's shop. Fermoy MacDonough, an electrician, falls in love with Jenny and they marry. In several years Jenny has a shop of her own and continues to spread happiness.
Cast
Production
Happiness marked the second and final cinematic collaboration between Vidor and well-known stage actress Laurette Taylor. Based on the one-act play of the same name by Taylor's husband J. Hartley Manners the film adaption was a box office success, due in part to Vidor's personal interest in the theme and Taylor's, restrained performance
Taylor would make one more movie with M-G-M studios in 1924, One Night in Rome, directed by Clarence Badger.
Theme
Manners' vehicle for Laurette Taylor is largely a facsimile of his 1912 play Peg o' My Heart, with the setting moved from rural British Isles to the urban New York City.
The film version introduces a new facet to Manners' "creaky" scenario. Vidor's identification with the Populist movement and its pro-agrarian and pro-nativist ideals is enlarged in Happiness to include a broader spectrum of the working class, including poor and urban immigrants. The entrepreneurial Jenny (Taylor) struggles in this Brooklyn lower-class milieu to ultimately achieve social and financial security. Vidor makes explicit his political philosophy when the now successful Jenny encounters her early alter-ego, a poor, but ambitious girl (also named Jenny) on the streets of Brooklyn, with the inter-title "And the endless chain of Jennys goes on in all big cities..."
Preservation
Prints of Happiness are preserved at George Eastman House and Gosfilmofond (Russian State archives) Moscow.
Footnotes
References
Baxter, John. 1976. King Vidor. Simon & Schuster, Inc. Monarch Film Studies. LOC Card Number 75-23544.
Brownlow, Kevin and Kobal, John. 1979. Hollywood: The Pioneers. Alfred A. Knopf Inc. A Borzoi Book, New York.
External links
1924 films
1924 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
Films directed by King Vidor
Films set in New York City
Metro Pictures films
Films with screenplays by J. Hartley Manners
1920s American films
James C. "Jim" Dawkins Jr. is a United States Air Force lieutenant general who serves as Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Deterrence and Nuclear Integration of the United States Air Force, succeeding Richard M. Clark. He previously served as the director of global power programs of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics.
Effective dates of promotions
References
Baylor University alumni
Embry–Riddle Aeronautical University alumni
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Air Force generals
United States Air Force personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sybil Lansing Yazzie Baldwin (born c. 1917–1918) was a Diné (Navajo) painter active in the 1930s.
About
Yazzie was a pupil of Dorothy Dunn at the Santa Fe Indian School (SFIS), considered the birthplace of contemporary Native American easel painting. In annual student exhibitions of 1935, 1936, and 1937 at SFIS, critics such as Olive Rush and Frederic Douglas described Yazzie's work as "sensitive" and "outstanding", and showing "a miniature style of great beauty". While she was still a student at SFIS in 1937, her 1935 work A Crowd at a Navajo N'Da-a in tempera on paper, was exhibited in London and Paris. One critic said that it was "not naive and childish, but a finished work of art, expert in craftsmanship, intricate in detail, and unerring in color." Yazzie's work was also exhibited at the Museum of Northern Arizona in 1970 and at the Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian in 2009–10. Her address was given in 1968 as the Garcia Store in Chinle, Arizona, but little has been recorded of her career after leaving the SFIS. Yazzie's 1935 watercolor Navajo Weavers is owned by the Newark Museum. A gouache from 1937, Yeibechai, is in the collection of the Smith College Museum of Art.
References
1910s births
Possibly living people
20th-century indigenous painters of the Americas
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
People from Chinle, Arizona
Painters from Arizona
Navajo painters
American women painters
Native American women artists
20th-century Native Americans
20th-century Native American women
Little India MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North East (NEL) and Downtown (DTL) lines. The station is located at the junction of Bukit Timah Road and Race Course Road, on the boundary of the planning areas of Kallang and Rochor, Singapore.
The station serves the ethnic neighbourhood of Little India, and is within walking distances to key locations such as KK Women's and Children's Hospital, Tekka Market, and the Land Transport Authority (LTA) headquarters. Opening on 20 June 2003 as part of the NEL, it later became an interchange station with the DTL when Stage 2 of the line started operations on 27 December 2015.
History
North East line
The station was first announced as "Kandang Kerbau" when the North East line stations were revealed on 6 March 1996. The announcement of the station was 'greatly welcomed' by the residents and shopkeepers in Little India, who hoped that the station will give the Little India district a 'new lease of life' with more developments around the station. Contract 706 for the design and construction of Kandang Kerbau station was awarded to a joint venture between Hyundai Engineering & Construction and Zublin AG at S$311.56 million (US$ million) in April 1997. The contract also includes the construction of the adjacent Farrer Park station.
During the construction, on 7 October 1998, construction workers at the site unearthed human skeletons, alongside discoveries of gold, jewellery, coins and weapons such as machine guns and ammunition. Widely speculated to be massacred victims during the Japanese occupation, the exact origins of the remains remained unknown.
To facilitate the construction, Buffalo Lane, which connects shoppers to the nearby Tekka Centre, was set to be closed. However, the Moulmein Tekka Residents' Committee was concerned that the closure of the road will create inconvenience and road congestion around the station site. Eventually, a metal decking on the road was constructed to allow the public to utilise the road to access Tekka Centre as construction works continued underneath the decking. Although a simple solution, the road decking was needed to be shifted around five times during the construction. As the deck took up a notable amount of space at the worksite, the construction schedule has to be reworked which cost the Land Transport Authority (LTA) about $1 million (US$ million).
Another challenge faced was the construction of the underpass from the station to the opposite side of Bukit Timah Road underneath the Bukit Timah Canal. It was initially considered using the conventional cut-and-cover method to construct the underpass but there were a few problems with the method. The method would involve disrupting the vehicular traffic on Bukit Timah Road, and obstructing the water flow of the canal, which could potentially lead to the flooding of the road, the station and the tunnels. An alternative method – the open-face tunnelling method used by miners – was then employed and was proven successful, without the need to disrupt the traffic on Bukit Timah Road.
The station eventually opened on 20 June 2003 as Little India station. The station name change was opposed by the Singapore Heritage Society, which claimed that the new name was 'misleading', suggesting that the area was the 'main abode of Indians'. They had advocated keeping the name "Kandang Kerbau", which means 'buffalo shed' in Malay, as it best reflects the area's heritage.
Downtown line
The DTL station was first announced as part of DTL2 (Downtown line Stage 2) on 15 July 2008. Contract 921 for the design and construction of Little India station and tunnels was awarded to SsangYong Engineering & Construction Co. Ltd at a contract value of in June 2009, linking the DTL with the NEL at this station. The contract also included the construction of the adjacent Rochor station. Construction of the station was scheduled to commence in the third quarter of 2009 and targeted to be completed by 2015.
The construction of the DTL station involves navigating through the large boulders underground. A section of the DTL tunnel below the NEL tunnels have to be manually mined due to the hard ground and the huge boulders. A boulder the size of a double-decker bus was also broken into smaller pieces using specialised hydraulic machinery during the construction. The station opened on 27 December 2015 along with the other DTL Stage 2 stations.
Incidents
On 20 December 2012, train services on the North East line was delayed due to a train fault. A statement from SBS Transit said there was no train service between Punggol and Little India due to a train fault. Free bus rides were made available at designated bus stops near affected NEL stations. At about 5.18 pm, all train services resumed. SBS Transit has apologised for the inconvenience caused.
On 24 April 2013, a woman known only as Madam Ong had her leg trapped in the gap between the station platform and the train, saying that she was pushed. She suffered minor injuries.
No one was injured in a fire that broke out at a Downtown line worksite along Race Course Road on the evening of 26 March 2014. The Land Transport Authority (LTA) told Yahoo Singapore that a "small fire" had broken out at a "localised area" within the worksite of the Downtown line Little India MRT station. "There is also no impact to DTL2 construction progress," added a spokesperson for the LTA, who added that the fire was put out by 10pm, after it first broke out about half an hour earlier.
Art in Transit
The artwork featured in the North East line section features Memoirs of the Past by S. Chandrasekaran. The animal paintings echo the past of Little India when buffalo stables were seen.
The Downtown line section features "Woven Field" by Grace Tan. It features a landscape of tessellated triangular configurations inspired by the singhaulia woven patterns commonly seen in the traditional sari.
References
External links
2003 establishments in Singapore
Kallang
Rochor
Railway stations opened in 2003
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
Soterios Johnson is an American radio journalist and the former local host of National Public Radio's Morning Edition on New York City public-radio station WNYC.
A Highland Park, New Jersey native, Johnson graduated from Highland Park High School, where he participated in the school's radio station. He worked at a small FM station in his hometown while earning his undergraduate degree in American history from Columbia University in New York City, granted in 1990. While there he was active at the institution's radio station WKCR-FM (89.9 FM). Subsequently, he received a master's degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. His first name comes from his Greek heritage.
The New York Sun newspaper has claimed: "A steady, soulful tenor of a voice — combined with a first name that is as mellifluous as it is unusual — has won public radio host Soterios Johnson a legion of devoted fans, some of whom have gone so far as to write songs in his honor and name pets after him."
He has reminisced: "As a kid, I always wanted to be in the know... and to spread the word."
In the summer of 2016, Johnson left WNYC to join the University of California, Davis as Director of Humanities, Arts, and Cultural Programs. He moved to join his husband, who had been based in California since December 2014.
Influence on music
His name is the inspiration for the name of New York City three-piece band Satirius Johnson.
Jonathan Coulton, a folk-rock artist also based in New York, wrote a song called "Dance, Soterios Johnson, Dance", which presents a fictionalized secret life of Johnson as a club-goer.
Awards
2006 New York Press Club award
References
External links
WNYC Biography
Interview with Johnson in Columbia College Today
"Dance, Soterios Johnson, Dance" by Jonathan Coulton
The band Satirius Johnson
American people of Greek Cypriot descent
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism alumni
LGBT people from California
LGBT people from New Jersey
LGBT people from New York (state)
Living people
NPR personalities
Highland Park High School (New Jersey) alumni
People from Highland Park, New Jersey
Place of birth missing (living people)
University of California, Davis faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
2014 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2014 ACC men's basketball tournament
2014 ACC women's basketball tournament
2014 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
2014 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
2014 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2014 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Oskar Artur Alexander (February 20, 1876 – April 16, 1953) was a Croatian academic painter and professor.
Background and family
Alexander was born in Zagreb to a prominent Jewish family Alexander. His father, Ljudevit Alexander, was from Güssing, Austria and his mother was Ida (née Weiss) Alexander, daughter of Maksimilijan Weiss from Karlovac, who served under Ban of Croatia Josip Jelačić. Alexander had stepbrothers Viktor and Erich, brothers, Artur and Robert Milan, and two sisters, Gizela and Olga. He was the cousin of two known Croatian industrialists, Samuel David and Šandor Alexander.
Alexander was married to Sudeten German Gerda (née Schneefuss) Alexander, from Vienna. Together they had a daughter Liselotte, born on January 25, 1922. Alexander resided between Zagreb, Samobor and Vienna. In Vienna his first neighbour was Hugo von Hofmannsthal.
Education and career
From 1894 to 1899, Alexander studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna under Franz Rumpler and Franz von Matsch. He also studied at the Académie Julian in Paris, under Eugène Carrière and James Abbott McNeill Whistler. Although generally with no money, Alexander lived an interesting life in Paris. Initially he slept in the corner of the drawing hall. While in Paris, Alexander meet Émile Zola, whom he portrayed in some Parisian cafe. Alexander also portrayed Oscar Wilde.
In Paris, he also socialized with Antun Gustav Matoš, who shared a room with Alexander. With Vlaho Bukovac, Viktor Kovačić and others, he co-founded the "Association of Croatian Artists". In 1900 he presented his work in Paris and Munich. From 1908, Alexander was an active member of Hagenbund. In 1912, the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia provincial government named him Professor of Fine Arts. Alexander was friends with Croatian politician and royal commissioner Slavko Cuvaj.
During World War I, Alexander was a war painter, outlining compositions on the battlefield which he later transferred to canvas. Because of that he received the medal from Franz Joseph I of Austria. Among many, Alexander portrayed Engelbert Dollfuss, Vladko Maček and Josip Broz Tito while he visited his sister in Samobor, 1948. On May 12, 1937 in Vienna Glaspalast, Alexander presented 138 paintings, while Alexander Löhr opened the exhibition.
Death
Alexander died on April 16, 1953 in Samobor heartbroken by the Holocaust, which he barely survived, and events during the World War II. He was deeply disappointed in the people who he had helped, among them Ljubo Babić. Alexander wrote; "Yet in the world it has never happened, to one who has shown so much patriotism, that he is not acknowledged in his homeland, as it happened to me...".
See also
Samuel David Alexander
Šandor Alexander
Viktor Alexander
References
Bibliography
1876 births
1953 deaths
Artists from Zagreb
Croatian Jews
Austro-Hungarian Jews
Croatian Austro-Hungarians
Croatian people of Austrian-Jewish descent
Jewish painters
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
Oskar
19th-century Croatian painters
19th-century Croatian male artists
20th-century Croatian painters
Croatian male painters
20th-century Croatian male artists
Principality of Kastrioti () was one of the Albanian principalities during the Late Middle Ages. It was formed by Pal Kastrioti who ruled it until 1407, after which his son, Gjon Kastrioti ruled until his death in 1437 and then ruled by the national hero of Albania, Skanderbeg.
Formation
Gjon Kastrioti originally had only two small villages. In a short time, John Kastrioti managed to expand its lands so as to become the undisputed lord of Central Albania.
He married Voisava Tripalda who bore 5 daughters, Mara, Jela, Angjelina, Vlajka, and Mamica, and 4 sons, Reposh, Stanisha, Kostandin and Gjergj Kastrioti (who would come to be known as Skanderbeg). Gjon Kastrioti was among those who opposed the early incursion of Ottoman Bayezid I, however his resistance was ineffectual. The Sultan, having accepted his submissions, obliged him to pay tribute to ensure the fealty of local rulers, and to send his three sons Gjergj Kastrioti to the Sultan's court as hostages. After his conversion to Islam, the young Skanderbeg attended military school in Edirne and led many victorious battles for the Ottoman Empire. For his military victories, he received the title Arnavutlu İskender Bey, (Albanian: Skënderbe shqiptari, English: Lord Alexander, the Albanian) comparing Kastrioti's military brilliance to that of Alexander the Great.
Rise of Skanderbeg
Skanderbeg was distinguished as one of the best officers in several Ottoman campaigns both in Asia Minor and in Europe, and the Sultan appointed him General. He fought against Greeks, Serbs and Hungarians, and some sources say that he used to maintain secret links with Ragusa, Venice, Ladislaus V of Hungary, and Alfonso I of Naples. Sultan Murat II gave him the title Vali which made him General Governor.
On November 28, 1443, Skanderbeg saw his opportunity to rebel after the Battle of Niš against the Hungarians led by John Hunyadi in Niš as part of the Crusade of Varna. He switched sides along with 300 other Albanians serving in the Ottoman army. After a long trek to Albania he eventually captured Krujë by forging a letter from the Sultan to the Governor of Krujë, which granted him control of the territory. After capturing the castle, Skanderbeg abjured Islam and proclaimed himself the avenger of his family and country. He raised a flag showing a double-headed eagle, an ancient symbol used by various cultures of Balkans (especially the Byzantine Empire), which later became the Albanian flag. The Governor was killed as he was returning to Edirne, unaware of Skanderbeg's intentions.
Skanderbeg allied with George Arianite (born Gjergj Arianit Komneni) and married his daughter Donika (born Marina Donika Arianiti).
League of Lezhë
Following the capture of Krujë, Skanderbeg managed to bring together all the Albanian princes in the town of Lezhë Historian Edward Gibbon writes that: With this support, Skanderbeg built fortresses and organized a mobile defense force that forced the Ottomans to disperse their troops, leaving them vulnerable to the hit-and-run tactics of the Albanians. He managed to create the League of Lezhë, a federation of all Albanian Principalities.The main members of the league were the Arianiti, Balšić, Dukagjini, Muzaka, Spani, Thopia and Crnojević noble families. For 25 years, from 1443–1468, Skanderbeg's 10,000 man army marched through Ottoman territory winning against consistently larger and better supplied Ottoman forces. Threatened by Ottoman advances in their homeland, Hungary, and later Naples and Venice – their former enemies – provided the financial backbone and support for Skanderbeg's army. By 1450 it had certainly ceased to function as originally intended, and only the core of the alliance under Scanderbeg and Araniti Comino continued to fight on.
The League of Lezhë first distinguished itself under Skanderbeg at the Battle of Torvioll where he defeated the Ottoman forces. Skanderbeg's victory was praised throughout the rest of Europe. The battle of Torvioll thus opened up the quarter-century war between Skanderbeg's Albania and the Ottoman Empire.
On 14 May 1450, an Ottoman army, larger than any previous force encountered by Skanderbeg or his men, stormed and overwhelmed the castle of the city of Kruja, capital of the Principality of Kastrioti. This city was particularly symbolic to Skanderbeg because he had been appointed suba of Kruja in 1438 by the Ottomans. The fighting lasted four months and over one thousand Albanians lost their lives while over 20,000 Ottomans died in battle. Even so, the Ottoman forces were unable to capture the city and had no choice but to retreat before winter set in. In June 1446, Mehmed II, known as "the conqueror", led an army of 150,000 soldiers back to Kruja but failed to capture the castle. Skanderbeg's death in 1468 did not end the struggle for independence, and fighting continued until 1481, under Lekë Dukagjini, when the Albanian lands were forced to succumb to the Ottoman armies.
See also
House of Kastrioti
League of Lezhë
Albanian principalities
History of Albania
References
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.
1444 disestablishments
States and territories established in 1389
Albanian principalities
Former countries in the Balkans
Vassal states of the Ottoman Empire
Former monarchies
Kergunyah is a locality in north eastern Victoria. The locality is on the Kiewa Valley Highway, north east of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2016 census Kergunyah had a population of 215.
The town is a centre for (mainly) dairy farms and includes a post office agent, caravan park and general store, community hall and Uniting Church. The Kergunyah Streamside Reserve is a popular swimming area on a bend in the Kiewa River.
The town was home to the Kergunyah Football Club which was established in 1923. They competed in leagues including the Allans Flat District Football Association, the Yackandandah Football Association, the "Dederang and District Football Association and the Tallangatta and District Football League. They won Tallangatta and District Football League premierships in 1955, 1956, 1957. They folded in 1975 after dwindling numbers. After folding, a number of former players met to form a new club with Kergunyah being the Origins for the Wodonga Raiders.
References
External links
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Towns in Upper Hume
Shire of Indigo
The Kelvedon Hatch Secret Nuclear Bunker at Kelvedon Hatch, in the Borough of Brentwood in the English county of Essex, is a large underground bunker maintained during the Cold War as a potential regional government headquarters. Since being decommissioned in 1992, the bunker has been open to the public as a tourist attraction, with a museum focusing on its Cold War history.
Building and intended purpose
The three-level bunker was first built on compulsory-purchased farmland as an air defence station (an 'R4' Sector Operations Control or SOC) as part of the RAF ROTOR air defence project. Upon the demise of the ROTOR SOC the remaining Nuclear Reporting Cell and UKWMO elements were incorporated into a Home Office 'Regional Seat of Government' or RSG.
The bunker was able to hold various numbers (in the hundreds) of military and civilian personnel, the numbers changing over the years as the role of the building changed from SOC to RSG and in its later years; 'Regional Government Headquarters' or RGHQ. In the event of a nuclear strike the RSG / RGHQs etc. would be tasked to organise the survival of the population and continue government operations.
History
The Kelvedon Hatch bunker was built in 1952–53 as part of ROTOR. ROTOR was a programme to improve and harden Britain's air defence network. It was constructed by Peter Lind & Company of London who still trades today. The bunker was a hardened (three level 'R4') Sector Operations Centre (SOC) for RAF Fighter Command. It was to provide command and control of the London Sector of Fighter Command.
From the 1960s into the early 1990s, the UK government (Home Office) maintained the bunker as an emergency regional government defence site. Eventually in the early 1990s when nuclear threat was seen as diminished, the bunker was sold back to the farming family who had owned the land in the 1950s. It is now a Cold War museum and retains many of its original ROTOR and RSG/RGHQ features.
Inside the bunker
The bunker is built underground and the entrance is through an ordinary-looking bungalow (a standard ROTOR 'Guard House') set amongst trees. The inside of the bungalow leads to a tunnel entering the R4 at its lowest floor (of three). Above are two more floors, the 'hill' which covers it, and a radio mast some distance away.
The bunker was able to accommodate some hundreds of personnel (the numbers changing as function and form varied over the years) and could sustain them for up to three months. The bunker has air conditioning and heating (using the original ROTOR AC-Plant but replacing the original coolant with a more 'modern' type [c.1980s]), its own water supply (mains water and its own deep borehole) and generators, and was equipped with many types of radio equipment, protected (EMP) telecommunications, teleprinter (MSX) networks and various military systems: MOULD (system to provide communications between Regular Army, TA Battalions and the Army District and Regional Headquarters) and CONRAD (radio government communications systems post nuclear strike) etc.
Modern times
By 1992 the bunker was no longer required, so was decommissioned and the land was sold back to the original owners, the Parrish family. It has now been renovated and made into a museum and tourist attraction; many locals appreciate the irony of the many brown tourist road signs in the area, clearly directing people to the "Secret Nuclear Bunker". The BBC TV show Top Gear featured the signs.
The bunker was used as a "Killer's Location" for The Murder Game. Both the living quarters and the operational zone were set up for the "Killer's Game" in the finale. It also played a significant role in an episode of New Tricks titled "The Queen's Speech", first broadcast on BBC1 on 20 October 2014.
In 2010 the independent British post-apocalyptic/horror film S.N.U.B! was filmed in the bunker.
The 2016 full-motion video game The Bunker, which uses live-action footage, was fully filmed inside the bunker.
In recent years the land surrounding the ex-secret Nuclear Bunker has been used for Obstacle racing events, provided by the 'Nuclear races' company.
See also
Central Government War Headquarters
Civil Contingencies Secretariat
RAF Rudloe Manor
Corsham Computer Centre
Continuity of government
Hack Green Secret Nuclear Bunker
Wartime Broadcasting Service
References
External links
Kelvedon Hatch Secret Nuclear Bunker official website
Subterranea Britannica: Kelvedon Hatch
Subterranea of Great Britain: Kelvedon Hatch Secret Nuclear Bunker
Government buildings completed in 1953
Buildings and structures in Essex
Emergency management in the United Kingdom
Museums in Essex
Military and war museums in England
Cold War museums in the United Kingdom
Continuity of government
Nuclear bunkers in the United Kingdom
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C6H8O2}}
The molecular formula C6H8O2 may refer to:
Cyclohexanediones
1,2-Cyclohexanedione
1,3-Cyclohexanedione
1,4-Cyclohexanedione
Cyclotene (maple lactone)
Methylene cyclopropyl acetic acid
Parasorbic acid
Sorbic acid
Dana Lixenberg (born 1964) is a Dutch photographer and filmmaker. She lives and works in New York and Amsterdam. Lixenberg pursues long-term projects on individuals and communities on the margins of society. Her books include Jeffersonville, Indiana (2005), The Last Days of Shishmaref (2008), Set Amsterdam (2011), De Burgemeester/The Mayor (2011), and Imperial Courts (2015).
In 2017 Lixenberg won the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize for her publication Imperial Courts (Roma, 2015). In 2021 she was awarded an Honorary Fellowship of the Royal Photographic Society.
Life and work
Lixenberg studied photography at the London College of Printing (1984–1986) and at the Gerrit Rietveld Academy in Amsterdam (1987–1989). She has had work published in Newsweek, Vibe, New York Times Magazine, The New Yorker and Rolling Stone.
Lixenberg pursues long-term projects with a primary focus on individuals and communities on the margins of society, such as Jeffersonville, Indiana, a collection of landscapes and portraits of the small town's homeless population photographed over a seven-year period, and The Last Days of Shishmaref, which portrays an Inupiaq community on an eroding island of the coast of Alaska.
She photographed Prince and Whitney Houston in an honest and introspective way. All her work is made with a large format camera.
Decisive in her career was the first series of photos she made in 1993 of Imperial Courts, a public housing project in Watts, Los Angeles. Lixenberg portrayed residents as distinctive and charismatic personalities, without direct references to their gang. The exhibition Imperial Courts, 1993-2015 at Huis Marseille in Amsterdam (2015) was the first comprehensive presentation of the Imperial Courts series, spanning a period of twenty-two years. As well as her photographs, the exhibition included a three channel video projection, an audio installation, and her book of the same name.
Publications
Imperial Courts, 1993-2015. Amsterdam: Roma, 2015. . With texts by Kenneth Cox, Lixenberg, and Carla Williams.
Awards
2017: Deutsche Börse Photography Prize for Imperial Courts (2015)
2021: Honorary Fellowship of the Royal Photographic Society, Bristol
References
External links
Lixenberg at GRIMM gallery
Interview with Lixenberg – Documentary film 'Dana Lixenberg; thru Dutch eyes' (Pieter v.d. Houwen:1999)
1964 births
Living people
Dutch film directors
Dutch women film directors
Photographers from Amsterdam
Dutch expatriates in the United States
Gerrit Rietveld Academie alumni
Dutch women photographers
D. bidentata may refer to:
Diastylis bidentata, a marine crustacean
Dolops bidentata, a carp louse
The Gersa is a right tributary of the river Someșul Mare in Romania. It discharges into the Someșul Mare in Rebrișoara. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Bistrița-Năsăud County
Rama Jyoti Vernon (January 4, 1941 - November 23, 2020) was a yoga teacher and peace activist. She was a co-founder of Yoga Journal, and of the California Yoga Teachers Association. She is considered one of America's yoga pioneers and was one of the first yoga teachers in the USA.
Her mother, a student of Yogananda took her to her first yoga class at age 15. As an adult, Vernon was one of the early students of B.K.S. Iyengar in North America and hosted him on his first visit to California in 1973. Vernon founded the American Yoga College.
She also founded the organization Unity in Yoga International, which eventually evolved into the Yoga Alliance and which sponsored seven national and three international conferences under Vernon's direction, including the Soviet-American Yoga Conference in Moscow in October 1990. The founders of The International Association of Yoga Therapists, Richard Miller and Larry Payne, acknowledged Vernon's contribution to the creation of the association though the connections she fostered at the Unity in Yoga conferences.
Vernon established the Center for Soviet-American Dialogue in 1984 to help connect the citizens of the United States with those of the Soviet Union during the Cold War. She served as a citizen diplomat, bringing groups of ordinary people to dialogue across borders, and even appeared on a Soviet morning show. She later simplified the name of her organization to the Center for International Dialogue and expanded its reach into the Middle East, visiting Jordan, the West Bank and Gaza with American citizens.
References
External links
Rama Jyoti Vernon Official website
American Yoga College aka International Yoga College
Vernon speaking at The Inside Edge Foundation
Living people
American yoga teachers
1941 births
Events from the year 1667 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Charles II
Events
William Penn attends meetings of the Quakers in Cork, marking his conversion.
Births
November 30 – Jonathan Swift, cleric, satirist, essayist and poet (d.1745)
Christian Davies, soldier (d.1739)
Deaths
June 23 – Lady Alice Boyle, later Alice Barry, Countess of Barrymore (b.1607)
References
1660s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Raymond Sweeney is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played for An Clochán Liath and the Donegal county team.
He started the first game of Brian McEniff's last spell as Donegal manager, a league defeat to Galway in Tuam in February 2003.
Sweeney was sent off in Donegal's 2003 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship semi-final against Armagh at Croke Park, in an incident later described as "one of the great injustices in Donegal football" history.
He had also started Mickey Moran's first game in charge of Donegal, a league win at home to Offaly in October 2000.
Sweeney made his championship debut against Antrim in 1998. He missed Donegal's National Football League in 2007 after leaving the squad at the end of the previous season due to a disagreement with the then manager Brian McIver. He also never won the Ulster Senior Football Championship during his career. However, he did win the 2009 Dr McKenna Cup with Donegal and the 2004 Railway Cup with Ulster. Sweeney retired from playing for Donegal in 2010 after more than a decade and 96 games.
His brother Adrian also played for An Clochán Liath and Donegal.
Honours
Donegal
All-Ireland Vocational Schools Championship: 1995
Dr McKenna Cup: 2009
Ulster
Railway Cup: 2004
References
External links
Raymond Sweeney at gaainfo.com
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
An Clochán Liath Gaelic footballers
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Michael P. Kelly (born January 31, 1954) is an architect and urban planner who has led the public housing authorities of several large U.S. cities, and is a leading advocate for public policy that promotes affordable housing in the country.
Early life and education
Kelly was born and raised in San Francisco, California. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Architecture and Urban Planning at Princeton University in 1977, and went on to receive a Masters of Architecture from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1983; and a Master of Arts in Education from San Francisco State University that same year.
Career
Kelly began his career in the public housing arena as an architect for the San Francisco Housing Authority in 1983. For nearly a decade, Kelly held a series of progressively responsible positions at the authority and was ultimately named its acting executive director—becoming the first registered architect to head a public housing authority in the U.S.
In 1994, Kelly left San Francisco to serve at the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) as a Troubled Agency Recovery Specialist, providing technical assistance to the Transition Team at the Housing Authority of New Orleans. Then in 1995, he was named executive director of the New Orleans housing authority—a post he held until 2000.
In 2000, Kelly assumed leadership of the District of Columbia Housing Authority (DCHA), one of the nation's largest with a staff of 800 and operating and capital budgets of more than $300 million. DCHA administers 8,000 units of public housing and 12,000 units under the Housing Choice Voucher Program (HCVP), providing affordable housing for nearly 10 percent of the District's population.
At the end of September 2009, Kelly resigned from DCHA to become general manager of the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA). Kelly served in this position until March 2011 when he was asked first to serve as the Administrative Receiver of the Philadelphia Housing Authority (PHA) by HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan and Philadelphia mayor Michael Nutter, and then by Mayor Michael Nutter to become permanent executive director at PHA. Kelly returned to Washington DC as Director of Department of Housing and Community Development in June 2012, after resigning his Philadelphia position for having had a consensual relationship that violated PHA's new ethics code prohibiting fraternization among senior staff and subordinates. On March 25, 2015, Kelly rejoined the NYCHA, again as General Manager. NYCHA administers more than 178,000 apartments with at least 400,000 residents.
In March 2018, Kelly joined the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corporation as executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in the midst of a major expansion of this mission-driven industrial park, after leaving NYCHA at the end of February 2018.
Kelly has held a number of academic appointments including Assistant Adjunct Professor in the School of Architecture and Engineering at Howard University in Washington, D.C. and Preceptor for the Project 55 Fellowship program at Princeton University, mentoring graduates with an interest in public service through a year-long fellowship. From 1997 to 2000, Kelly served as the Harvey-Wadsworth Professor of Urban Affairs at Tulane University, as well as a Visiting Lecturer at the University of California at Berkeley School of Architecture during the early 1980s. He received teaching credentials in New Jersey and California, and graduated from Princeton's program in Teaching Preparation.
In addition, Kelly has performed extensive professional service. He is the former President of the Council of Large Public Housing Authorities, a Washington, D.C. based national non-profit organization whose members represent large metropolitan areas in the U.S. The council works to preserve and improve public and affordable housing through advocacy, research, policy analysis and public education.
He also served as vice chairman of the National Organization of African Americans in Housing and sat on the boards of the National Center for Housing and Child Welfare, of the District of Columbia Interagency Commission on Homelessness, and of the Canal Park Development Association. In 2009, he became Chairman of the Board of City Year, DC.
Kelly is a member of the American Institute of Architects; the National Housing Conference; the National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials; the American Planning Association; the American Institute of Certified Planners; and is the US Green Building Council's Leed Green Associate.
Kelly is currently principal at Housing Industry Professionals (HIP) an urban planning consulting company committed to social justice through urban planning and design.
References
1954 births
Living people
African-American architects
American urban planners
Architects from San Francisco
Princeton University School of Architecture alumni
UC Berkeley College of Environmental Design alumni
San Francisco State University alumni
United States Department of Housing and Urban Development officials
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Stefan Müller (born 3 September 1975) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2002. From 2013 until 2018, he was one of two Parliamentary State Secretaries at the Federal Ministry of Education and Research in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel.
He represents Erlangen.
Political career
Müller became a member of the Bundestag in the 2002 German federal election. In parliament, he has served on the Finance Committee (2002-2005); the Committee on Labour and Social Affairs (2005-2009); the Committee for Education, Research and Technology Assessment (2005-2009); and the Subcommittee on European Affairs (2005-2009). In addition to his committee assignments, he is part of the German Parliamentary Friendship Group for Relations with the Cono Sur States.
From 2009 until 2013 and since 2018, Müller has served on the Council of Elders, which – among other duties – determines daily legislative agenda items and assigns committee chairpersons based on party representation.
In the negotiations to form a fourth coalition government under Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Müller led the working group on education policy, alongside Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, Manuela Schwesig and Hubertus Heil. Also since 2018, he has been a member of the parliamentary executive of the CSU state group.
Other activities
Corporate boards
Deutsche Bahn, Member of the Supervisory Board (2018-2019)
DZ Bank, Member of the Advisory Board (2009-2013)
Nürnberger Krankenversicherung, Member of the Supervisory Board (2009-2013)
Non-profit organizations
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg (FAU), Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2009)
German Foundation for Peace Research (DSF), Member of the Board of Trustees(2014-2018)
German Institute for Economic Research (DIW), Member of the Board of Trustees(2014-2018)
Stiftung Lesen, Member of the Board of Trustees (2014-2018)
Confucius Institute Nuremberg, Member of the Board of Trustees (2009-2013)
Franconian International School (FIS), Member of the Board of Trustees (2009-2013)
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1975 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
People from Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Sally Kehoe (born 25 September 1986) is an Australian former representative rower who was a national champion, three-time Olympian and a representative at multiple world championships. Since 2014 she has held the world-record time in the women's double scull over 2000m.
Personal
Kehoe was born on 25 September 1986 in Toowoomba, Queensland. She went to school at Toowoomba Preparatory School before attending high school at St Margaret's Anglican Girls' School in Queensland and going on to study for a Bachelor of Business in Economics from the University of New England from 2006 to 2011. , she lived in Toowoomba, Queensland. Kehoe is tall and competed at .
Club and national career
Kehoe rowed from the Sydney University Women's Rowing Club, competed in single sculls, double sculls, quad sculls and eight events and raced for Queensland at the national level.
At the Australian Rowing Championships in 2005, 2009, 2011 & 2013 she won the Nell Slater Trophy in the Interstate Women's Single Scull representing Queensland. At that annual Interstate regatta during the twelve-year period from 2005 to 2016, Kehoe was seated in the Queensland eight contesting the Queen's Cup on eight occasions (for seven 2nd places and one 4th) and rowed the single scull for Queensland on seven occasions. On four occasions at the Interstate Regatta she has raced in both the eight and the single scull on the same day.
In 2011, she was prolific at the national level. At the National Regatta within the Australian Rowing Championships on West Lakes, South Australia she finished third in the single scull, first in the double scull, first in the quad scull and third in a first grade composite eight. Then in the Interstate Regatta she won the Nell Slater Trophy in the scull for Queensland and placed second in the Queensland eight in the Queen Elizabeth Cup.
International rowing career
Kehoe rowed for Australia at the 2006 World Rowing Championships at Eton Dorney in the women's quad, with her crew making the final after beating Germany in the first heat. They took the silver medal behind Great Britain.
Kehoe competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the women's eight who finished sixth in the final.
At the 2011 World Rowing Championships in Bled, Slovenia Kehoe rowed in the Australian quad who finished fourth. That same year at the 2011 World Cup III in Lucerne, Switzerland she rowed in an Australian quad who finished fifth.
She rowed in the Australian eight who finished fifth at the 2012 World Cup II in Munich, Germany and fourth in the same event at the 2012 Rowing World Cup III in Lucerne, Switzerland. As a member of the VIII over a 2000-metre course that crew set a time of 6 minutes 12.36 seconds over the 2000 metre course qualifying them for the 2012 Olympics. She was then selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the VIII. She earned selection in the boat after a battle between ten women for the eight spots. Rowers in the eight boat nicknamed their team the "Motley Crew". She was seated at seven in the eight's Olympic campaign at 2012 London – the crew were disappointed with their 6th-place finish.
At the 2014 World Rowing Championships in Amsterdam Kehoe raced in Australia's double scull with Olympia Aldersey. They finished third in the final and won the bronze medal. During the preliminary racing Kehoe and Aldersey set a world-record time for 2000m of 6:37.31 This record has stood since.
Following her 2nd place behind Kim Crow in the interstate sculling title at the 2016 Australian Rowing Championships, Kehoe and Olympia Aldersey took a double scull to the 2015 World Rowing Championships at Lac d'Aiguebelette, Aiguebelette in France. In 2016 with Aldersey changed-out for Genevieve Horton from the Mosman Rowing Club, the double qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympics. Kehoe and Horton were eliminated at the semi-final stage and ultimately raced in a B final.
A back injury saw Kehoe declare her retirement from competitive rowing in 2016.
Rugby union
Kehoe was named in the Melbourne Rebels Women squad for the 2020 Super W season having started playing rugby following the end of her rowing career.
References
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Toowoomba
Australian female rowers
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
People educated at St Margaret's Anglican Girls' School
Australian female rugby union players
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
Pauline Gilmour Hatch (; 1871–1955) was an American composer and hymnwriter.
Life
Pauline Gilmour Hatch, only daughter of Henry Lake Gilmour, was born at either Caps May, or Wenonah, New Jersey, on April 3, 1871. She manifested a great love for music at an early age, which was encouraged and cultivated in a musical atmosphere, William J. Kirkpatrick being her first instrumental teacher. Later she received a diploma from the South Jersey Institute, Bridgeton, New Jersey, and also took a course at Richard Zeckwer's Conservatory of Music in Philadelphia.
She married H. Morgan Hatch, of Delair, New Jersey, on October 30, 1903. Hatch was a member of a family of early Camden settlers. He worked as a Pennsauken tax collector, director of Merchantville National Bank and Trust Co. and proprietor of the former N. J. Auto and Supply Co. He died in 1952.
Pauline lived for many years at Pennsauken. She died at her home, 6900 River Rd., Pennsauken, on Wednesday, November 9, 1955, aged eighty-four, and was buried in Arlington Cemetery, Pennsauken.
Music
According to Anthony Johnson Showalter, among her best and most popular compositions are "Volunteers, to the Front", "Our Dearly Loved Banner", "Jesus, Refuge of My Soul" and "Peace Hymn of Nations", "all of which show talent of a high order, coupled with thorough scholarship". Her compositions were published in numerous hymnals.
References
Sources
Showalter, A. J. (1904). The Best Gospel Songs and Their Composers. Dalton, GA: The A. J. Showalter Co.; Dallas, TX: The Showalter-Patton Co. p. 276.
"Obituaries: Mrs. Pauline G. Hatch". Courier-Post. Camden, New Jersey. Thursday, November 10, 1955. p. 4.
"Pauline Gilmour Hatch". Hymnary.org. Accessed July 12, 2022.
"Pauline Gilmour Hatch". Hymntime.com. Accessed July 12, 2022.
1871 births
1955 deaths
American hymnwriters
Pugnado Afuera is a barrio in the municipality of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 11,808.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Pugnado Afuera barrio was 1,336.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico
Mapou Nzapali Yanga-Mbiwa (born 15 May 1989) is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back.
Early life and career
Yanga-Mbiwa was born in Bangui, Central African Republic, but moved to France as an eight-year-old, growing up in Port-de-Bouc, Bouches-du-Rhône, not far from Marseille.
Club career
Montpellier
Yanga-Mbiwa joined Montpellier as a youth player in 2005 and made his professional football debut on 23 February 2007 in a 1–0 away defeat to Bastia starting the match and playing the entire 90 minutes, picking up a yellow card. Following the season, he signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three-year deal until 2010. He was officially promoted to the senior squad and was assigned the number 3 shirt.
Initially, Yanga-Mbiwa was utilised as a substitute earlier on during the 2007–08 season, but by September 2007, despite being only 18 years old, Montpellier manager Rolland Courbis named Yanga-Mbiwa a starter for the rest of the 2007–08 season. Yanga-Mbiwa didn't disappoint appearing in 41 total matches scoring one goal. Beginning with the club's 31 August 1–0 victory over Ajaccio, Mbiwa appeared in every match Montpellier played including the Coupe de la Ligue and Coupe de France matches, where Montpellier reached the Round of 16 and Round of 32, respectively. His only goal of the season came on 12 May 2008 against FC Gueugnon scoring the winner in injury time to give Montpellier a 2–1 victory.
Already established as a regular, Yanga-Mbiwa was an incumbent starter heading into the 2008–09 season, and despite competition from fellow youngsters Mickaël Nelson and Abdel El Kaoutari, he continually impressed appearing in 33 total matches and scoring one goal against Angers in a 3–3 draw again in injury time. The equalising goal came only seconds after Angers took the lead with a goal from Malik Couturier. On 20 March 2009, with Montpellier in a decisive battle for promotion, Yanga-Mbiwa picked up an extensive injury against Brest, which ruled him out for almost two months. He returned to the team on 8 May 2009 and played the final four matches helping Montpellier achieve promotion to Ligue 1 on the final day of the season.
Despite promotion to Ligue 1, with his impending stint in prison oncoming, manager Rolland Courbis resigned from his position and new manager René Girard came on. Girard made it clear that one of his many priorities were to keep hold of Yanga-Mbiwa and on 2 June 2009, it was done with the club signing the player to a two-year contract extension until 2012. Yanga-Mbiwa made his Ligue 1 debut in the club's opening match of the season against Paris Saint-Germain playing the entire match in a 1–1 draw. On 12 May 2010, Yanga-Mbiwa added an extra year to his contract after agreeing to a contract extension with the club.
Newcastle United
On 22 January 2013, Yanga-Mbiwa completed a transfer to Newcastle United for £8.5 million.
He agreed to a five-and-a-half-year deal at St James' Park, where he wore the number 13 shirt. He made his début for Newcastle on 29 January 2013 as a second-half substitute in a 2–1 win against Aston Villa.
Roma
On 1 September 2014, Yanga-Mbiwa signed for Italian club Roma on a season-long loan, with an option to make the move permanent for £5.5m on top of the £1m loan fee. He made his debut as a 77th-minute substitute in the Champions League match against CSKA Moscow on 17 September. Four days later, he played in his first Serie A match, starting in a 2–0 win over Cagliari. On 27 January 2015, Newcastle United announced that Yanga-Mbiwa would join Roma on a permanent deal after meeting a contractual condition contained in the loan agreement between the clubs.
On 25 May 2015, Yanga-Mbiwa scored his only goal with Roma and the winning goal against club's rival Lazio during the Derby della Capitale in a 2-1 win, which ensured a 2nd-placed finish in the 2014–15 Serie A season as well as earning a start in the 2015–16 UEFA Champions League.
Lyon
On 14 August 2015, Yanga-Mbiwa completed a transfer to French club Lyon for €8 million with possible €2 million bonus fee. On 8 May he scored two to help take Lyon past Monaco, ending his first season with two goals. He terminated his contract with Lyon on the 1 July 2020 with 72 matches played and 2 goals scored for the club in 5 years.
International career
Yanga-Mbiwa has dual citizenship with both France and the Central African Republic meaning he is eligible to represent both. He was also eligible to play for Cameroon. He did not appear on either nation's youth team, but on 1 October 2009, he was called up to the France under-21 team by coach Erick Mombaerts for their 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification matches against Malta on 9 October and Belgium on 13 October.
On 15 May 2012, Yanga-Mbiwa had been named to France's preliminary squad for UEFA Euro 2012. However, on 29 May, coach Laurent Blanc announced his final squad and Yanga-Mbiwa was not included.
Career statistics
Club
International
Source:
Honours
Montpellier
Ligue 1: 2011–12
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Bangui
French footballers
France under-21 international footballers
France international footballers
Association football defenders
Montpellier HSC players
Newcastle United F.C. players
A.S. Roma players
Olympique Lyonnais players
Ligue 2 players
Ligue 1 players
Premier League players
Serie A players
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Italy
French expatriate sportspeople in England
French expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Black French sportspeople
Naturalized citizens of France
Central African Republic emigrants to France
John Blakeney ( – 21 July/21 August 1747) was an Irish Member of Parliament.
He was born the son of Robert Blakeney and Sarah née Ormsby Blakeney.
He was High Sheriff of County Galway for 1727 and 1738 and then represented Athenry in the Irish House of Commons from November 1727 to his death.
He married Grace Persse, daughter of Henry Persse of Roxborough, and was the father of Robert Blakeney, John Blakeney, Theophilus Blakeney and William Blakeney. He lived at Abbert, near Monivea.
References
1703 births
1747 deaths
Politicians from County Galway
Irish MPs 1727–1760
High Sheriffs of County Galway
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Galway constituencies
Mucilaginibacter auburnensis is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped and non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from the stem from a corn plant Zea mays from the field of E. V. Smith Research Center, Plant Breeding Unit facility in Tallassee in the United States.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter auburnensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2014
Limacia lucida is a sea slug, a species of dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae.
Distribution
Limacia lucida was described from Simon's Bay, Cape of Good Hope, South Africa. It has been treated as a synonym of Limacia clavigera.
References
Endemic fauna of South Africa
Polyceridae
Gastropods described in 1854
Hakeem Tyrone Dawodu (born July 2, 1991) is a Canadian mixed martial artist, currently signed to Ultimate Fighting Championship and fights in the Featherweight division. He previously competed for the World Series of Fighting.
Early life
Dawodu was born in Calgary to a mother from Nigeria and a father from Jamaica. When he was six years old, his father was deported, forcing his mother to raise him on her own. He had a troubled childhood; he was first placed in a juvenile detention center at the age of 14. Two years later, his counselor placed him in Muay Thai training as a means of controlling his anger.
Mixed martial arts career
His background is in Muay Thai, where he went 42–5 (15 KOs) as an amateur and 9–0 (7 KOs) as a pro.
World Series of Fighting
On February 21, 2014, Dawodu made his professional debut at WSOF Canada 1 against Behrang Yousefi. He won the fight via knockout in the first round.
On June 7, 2014, Dawodu faced Jake Macdonald at WSOF Canada 2. He won the fighting via knockout in the second round.
On October 11, 2014, Dawodu faced Mike Malott at WSOF 14. He won via technical knockout due to punches and elbows in the first round.
On February 11, 2015, Dawodu faced Tristan Johnson at WSOF 18. He won via technical knockout in the third round.
On June 5, 2015, Dawodu faced Chuka Willis at WSOF 21. He won via technical knockout due to knees and punches in the second round.
On December 18, 2015, Dawodu faced Marat Magomedov at WSOF 26. The fight ended in a majority draw.
On July 30, 2016, Dawodu faced Marat Magomedov at WSOF 32 in a rematch. He won the fight via technical knockout in the second round.
On March 18, 2017, Dawodu faced UFC vet Steven Siler at WSOF 35. He won the fight via unanimous decision, this marked the first time he gained victory by decision.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
On November 11, 2017, it was announced that Dawodu signed a four fight deal with the UFC.
Dawodu faced Danny Henry on March 17, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 127. He lost the fight via submission in the fight's opening minute.
Dawodu faced Austin Arnett on July 28, 2018 at UFC on Fox 30. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Dawodu faced Kyle Bochniak on December 8, 2018 at UFC 231. Dawodu won the fight via split decision.
Dawodu faced promotional newcomer Yoshinori Horie on July 27, 2019 at UFC 240 He won the fight via knockout in round three. This win earned him the Performance of the Night award.
Dawodu faced Julio Arce on November 2, 2019 at UFC 244. He won the fight by split decision.
Dawodu faced Zubaira Tukhugov on September 27, 2020 at UFC 253. Tukhugov missed weight, and was subsequently fined a percentage of his purse, which will go to Dawodu. Dawodu won by split decision.
Dawodu was expected to face Shane Burgos on January 24, 2021 at UFC 257. However, Dawodu was forced to withdraw from the bout, citing shoulder injury.'
Dawodu faced Movsar Evloev on June 12, 2021 at UFC 263. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Dawodu faced Michael Trizano on February 5, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 200. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Dawodu faced Julian Erosa on September 10, 2022 at UFC 279. At the weigh-ins, Dawodu weighed in at 149.5 pounds, 3.5 pounds over the non-title featherweight limit. Dawodu was fined 30% of his purse, which will go to his opponent Erosa. Dawodu lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Championships and accomplishments
MMA
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time)
Muay Thai & Kickboxing
Professional
World Muaythai Council
Intercontinental Welterweight Champion (2014)
Amateur
International Federation of Muaythai Amateur
2012 IFMA World Cup A-class Tournament (-63,5 kg)
2011 IFMA European Cup A-Class (-63,5 kg)
2010 IFMA World Championship B-class (-63,5 kg)
Pan American Muaythai Union
Super lightweight Champion (2012)
International Kickboxing Federation
Full Muay Thai Rules Light Welterweight World Champion (2011)
2010 IKF World Classic Muay Thai Rules Welterweight Champion
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|13–3–1
|Julian Erosa
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 279
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–2–1
|Michael Trizano
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Hermansson vs. Strickland
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|12–2–1
|Movsar Evloev
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 263
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Glendale, Arizona, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–1–1
|Zubaira Tukhugov
|Decision (split)
|UFC 253
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–1–1
|Julio Arce
|Decision (split)
|
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|New York City, New York, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|
|Yoshinori Horie
|TKO (head kick)
|UFC 240
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:09
|Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–1–1
|Kyle Bochniak
|Decision (split)
|UFC 231
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–1–1
|Austin Arnett
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on Fox: Alvarez vs. Poirier 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Calgary, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–1–1
|Danny Henry
|Technical Submission (standing guillotine choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Volkov
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:39
|London, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–0–1
|Steven Siler
|Decision (unanimous)
|WSOF 35
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Verona, New York, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–0–1
|Marat Magomedov
|TKO (punches)
|WSOF 32
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:03
|Everett, Washington, United States
|
|-
|Draw
|align=center|5–0–1
|Marat Magomedov
|Draw (majority)
|WSOF 26
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0
|Chuka Willis
|TKO (knees and elbows)
|WSOF 21
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:55
|Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Tristan Johnson
|TKO (punches)
|WSOF 18
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:59
|Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Mike Malott
|TKO (punches and elbows)
|WSOF 14
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:13
|Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Jake Macdonald
|KO (punches)
|WSOF Canada 2
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:18
|Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Behrang Yousefi
|KO (punch)
|WSOF Canada 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:07
|Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
Muay Thai and Kickboxing record
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2015-01-24|| Win||align=left| Charlie Peters || Canadian Challenger Muay Thai Series 12 || Edmonton, Canada || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2014-04-05|| Win||align=left| Samsamut Kiatponthip || Canadian Challenger Muay Thai Series 10 || Calgary, Canada || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2014-01-24|| Win||align=left| Junpei Hirai || WMC Challenger Muay Thai Series 9 || Calgary, Canada || KO || 1 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2013-11-17|| Win||align=left| Kongnapa Weerasakreck || M-FIGHT SUK WEERASAKRECK IV || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Punches)|| 3 || 2:36
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2013-05-25|| Win||align=left| Ryan Wiese || K-1 8-man Tournament, Final || Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2013-05-25|| Win||align=left| || K-1 8-man Tournament, Semi Finals || Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago || KO || 3 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2013-05-25|| Win||align=left| Davin Sinaswee || K-1 8-man Tournament, Quarter Finals || Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago || KO (Low Kick) || 1 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2013-04-19|| Win||align=left| Sheldon Gaines || Challenger 7 - 'HEAVY DUTY' || Calgary, Canada || KO || 4 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2012-11-24|| Win||align=left| Rungjaras || Muay Thai Mayhem 3 || Edmonton, Canada || KO (Left Hook) || 2 ||
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2012-10-19|| Win||align=left| Omar Estevez || FATE 4 Man Tournament Final Title Bout || Calgary, Canada || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2012-10-19|| Win||align=left| Wayne Fisher|| FATE 4 Man Tournament Semi Final Bout || Calgary, Canada || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2012-09-13|| Win||align=left| Dmitry Varats || IFMA World Championship 2012, -63.5 kg Bronze Medal fight || Saint Petersburg, Russia || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2012-09-11|| Loss ||align=left| Igor Liubchenko || IFMA World Championships 2012, -63.5 kg Semi Final || Saint Petersburg, Russia || Decision (Split) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2012-09-10|| Win||align=left| Awad Jawid || IFMA World Championships 2012, -63.5 kg Quarter Final || Saint Petersburg, Russia || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2012-09-08|| Win||align=left| Cezary Zugaj || IFMA World Championships 2012, -63.5 kg First Round || Saint Petersburg, Russia || KO || 3 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2012-03-10|| Win||align=left| Sebastian Calvo || Challenger MuayThai Series Challenger 6 || Calgary, Canada || Decision (Unanimous)|| 5 || 2:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2012-01-28|| Win||align=left| Parnpetch Petch Taling Ngarm || Challenger 3 – JAWBREAKER || Calgary, Canada || Decision (Split)|| 5 || 2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-12-03|| Win||align=left| Alex Tribe || K-1 Last Man Standing 8-man Tournament, Final || Victoria, British Columbia, Canada || TKO || 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-12-03|| Win||align=left| Josh Jauncey || K-1 Last Man Standing 8-man Tournament, Semi Final || Victoria, British Columbia, Canada || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-12-03|| Win||align=left| Josh Wright || K-1 Last Man Standing 8-man Tournament, Quarter Final || Victoria, British Columbia, Canada || TKO || 1 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-11-25|| Win||align=left| Feng Jie || || Vancouver, Canada || Decision || 3 || 2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-09-17|| Win||align=left| Tanuthong || Challenger 2 – EXPLOSION || Calgary, Canada || Decision || 5 || 2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-04-23|| Win ||align=left| Ryo Takagi || "CHALLENGER 1 -CONCUSSION" || Calgary, Canada || TKO (Knee) || 2 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2011-03-12|| Loss ||align=left| Aganes Safaryan || IFMA European Cup, -63.5 kg Final || Dresden, Germany || Decision (Split) || 3 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-03-12|| Win||align=left| Steffen Weise || IFMA European Cup, -63.5 kg Semi Final || Dresden, Germany || Decision || 3 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-03-11|| Win||align=left| Yevgen Trofymov || IFMA European Cup, -63.5 kg Quarter Final || Dresden, Germany || Decision || 3 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2011-02-04|| Win ||align=left| Karl Pearson || Ringmasters || Calgary, Canada || TKO (Corner Stoppage) || 3 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-12-04|| Win||align=left| Soufiane Taaouati || IFMA World Championship 2010, Final || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-12-03|| Win||align=left| Ramil Novruzov || IFMA World Championship 2010, Semi Final || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-12-01|| Win||align=left| Kaplan Abukov || IFMA World Championship 2010, Quarter Final || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-11-30|| Win||align=left| Willie Rewi || IFMA World Championship 2010, Second Round || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-11-28|| Win||align=left| Zhang Dezheng || IFMA World Championship 2010, First Round || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-07-24|| Win ||align=left| Corey Springer || 2010 IKF World Classic, Final || Orlando, Florida, United States || TKO || 2 || 1:58
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-07-24|| Win ||align=left| Joshua Hill || 2010 IKF World Classic, Semi Final || Orlando, Florida, United States || TKO || 2 || 1:24
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-07-23|| Win ||align=left| Trevor Morgan || 2010 IKF World Classic, Quarter Final || Orlando, Florida, United States || Decision (Unanimous) || 2 || 2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-07-23|| Win ||align=left| Lance Garza || 2010 IKF World Classic, Preliminary Round || Orlando, Florida, United States || TKO || 1 || 1:03
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of Canadian UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Canadian male mixed martial artists
Canadian kickboxers
Canadian Muay Thai practitioners
Featherweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Muay Thai
Sportspeople from Calgary
Canadian sportspeople of Jamaican descent
Canadian sportspeople of Nigerian descent
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Black Canadian mixed martial artists
Arthur Eason was the first head football coach for the William Paterson University Pioneers football team in Wayne Township, New Jersey. He served for just one year, in 1972, and compiled a 3–7 overall record (1–4 conference).
Eason, despite only serving as coach for one season, remained at WPU as its athletic director. He held this position from 1972 to 2002, and in 2003 was elected to the William Paterson University Hall of Fame. Eason had also received his M.A. from WPU in 1971.
Head coaching record
References
External links
William Paterson Hall of Fame profile
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
William Paterson Pioneers football coaches
William Paterson University alumni
"Unstoppable" is a song by English singer Lianne La Havas, released as a single from her second studio album Blood (2015). The song was released as the album's official lead single and made available to stream on 21 April 2015, followed by a digital download release on 1 June 2015. Written by La Havas and Paul Epworth, with the latter handling the song's production, "Unstoppable" is a Jazz song that features strings, piano, and a subtle electric guitar, with lyrics that speak about the heights of love.
Background and composition
"Unstoppable" was produced by Paul Epworth and built upon an instrumental recording by Ninja Tune-signed trio The Invisible. It was written in order to help La Havas repair a relationship that she had previously ended. "Unstoppable" was released as the album's lead single, and made available to stream on 21 April 2015, followed by a digital download release on 1 June in the United Kingdom.
"Unstoppable" is a jazz and pop song that opens with breezy chimes and is built over gentle bass riffing, strings, piano, and an subtle electric guitar.
The song features an easy-going instrumental, that features uplifting lyrics. Caitlin White of the publication Stereogum described the song's production as "sweeping" accompanied by "flickers of rich, velvety rhythm guitar," White continued to note the song's lyrical content as glorifying the "kind of relationship that spurs both parties to unspeakable heights."
Charts
References
External links
2015 songs
Songs written by Paul Epworth
Warner Records singles
These United States submarines were lost either to enemy action or to "storm or perils of the sea."
Before World War II
Additionally:
, decommissioned as a target, flooded and sank unexpectedly 30 July 1919 in Two Tree Channel near Niantic, Connecticut with the loss of three crew.
foundered 7 December 1921 in 80 feet of water on a pre-commissioning dive. She was raised and commissioned 14 October 1922.
Decommissioned on 2 May 1931, she was berthed at Philadelphia until 26 February 1936 when she sank at her mooring. Later raised, she was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 12 May 1936 and on 19 August she was used as a target vessel for an aerial bombing test.
During World War II
During World War II, the U.S. Navy's submarine service suffered the highest casualty percentage of all the American armed forces, losing one in five submariners. Some 16,000 submariners served during the war, of whom 375 officers and 3,131 enlisted men were killed, the highest casualty rate of any American force in World War II.
Fifty-two submarines of the United States Navy were lost during World War II. Two – and – were lost to friendly fire (though there is speculation that the Dorado may have struck a mine), at least three more – Tulibee, Tang, and Grunion – to defective torpedoes, and six to accident or grounding.
Another eight submarines went missing while on patrol and are presumed to have been sunk by Japanese mines, as there were no recorded Japanese anti-submarine attacks in their patrol areas. The other thirty-three lost submarines are known to have been sunk by the Japanese.
Additional casualties
There are two additional casualties to submarines in World War II that are sometimes considered as effectively two additional losses.
was damaged by Japanese air and surface forces on 14 November 1944. She was able to reach Saipan and later Pearl Harbor on 1 December, departing San Francisco for Portsmouth Navy Yard on 16 February 1945. There it was determined that she was a constructive total loss and beyond economical repair, but might be useful as a school ship, similar to the postwar immobile pierside training submarines. However, her career in this capacity was brief, and Halibut was decommissioned at Portsmouth Navy Yard 18 July 1945 and sold for scrap in January 1947.
was commissioned on 12 February 1945 and sank at pier 8 at the Boston Navy Yard on 15 March 1945, apparently without loss of life and reportedly still incomplete. She was raised eight days later, decommissioned on 24 March 1945, and never completed or fully repaired. Postwar, she was listed as a Reserve Fleet submarine until stricken in 1958 and scrapped in 1959, having never gone to sea.
Additional incidents
The former was transferred to the Royal Navy 9 March 1942 and renamed as HMS P.514. On 21 June 1942 she was rammed by the Royal Canadian Navy minesweeper and sank with all hands.
The former was sold in 1931 to a private owner for use as a tourist attraction, with the hulk reacquired by the U.S. Navy for "experimental purposes" in 1941. She foundered and sank in the Patuxent River 16 December 1942.
The former was transferred to the Royal Navy 4 November 1941 and renamed as RMS P.551 then transferred to the Polish Navy in exile and renamed . On 2 May 1942 she was attacked in a friendly fire incident by a Royal Navy minesweeper and destroyer and sank with all hands.
, originally commissioned on 16 December 1918 and decommissioned after more than 12 years of service, was recommissioned and served for five additional years during World War II. R-1 was decommissioned at Key West on 20 September 1945 and was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 10 November. Still at Key West awaiting disposal on 21 February 1946, the submarine sank in of water. Raised three days later, she was sold for scrap on 13 March 1946.
was decommissioned on 6 February 1945, was stripped, and her hulk was supposed to be expended as a target for aerial bombing off San Diego, California, but she broke her tow cable and sank, coming to rest in some water, on 20 February 1945. Her name was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register three days later. Salvagers unsuccessfully tried to retrieve the wreck of S-37 for her scrap value, but lost her again off Imperial Beach, California, in of water at , where she remains to this day.
After World War II
Additional incidents
Was decommissioned on 15 November 1945 and sold for scrap 8 June 1957. The Tarpon foundered in deep water, south of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, on 26 August 1957, while under tow to the scrapyard.
flooded and sank pier-side prior to commissioning at Mare Island Naval Shipyard on 15 May 1969. Two shipyard teams, apparently unaware of each other's efforts, were conducting work involving filling tanks in both the forward and aft portions of the submarine. Eventually the lack of coordination led to flooding through the bow hatch. The submarine was raised, but completion was delayed 32 months. Guitarro was commissioned on 9 September 1972.
was decommissioned and struck from the Naval Register 1 October 1970. On 1 June 1971, while under tow near Cape Flattery, Washington state, Bugara swamped and sank accidentally.
was not repaired after a fire near Florida on 24 April 1988 that killed three crewmembers. She was decommissioned 28 September 1988 and hulked 17 August 1989. The hull was later purchased by Northrop Grumman for testing.
experienced a fire during overhaul at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard on 23 May 2012 that caused significant damage, though with no loss of life. A civilian shipyard worker confessed to arson. Although repairs were considered, using components from the decommissioned , the estimated cost of $700 million was considered uneconomical in a time of reduced budgets. Miami was decommissioned on 28 March 2014, to be disposed of via the nuclear Ship-Submarine Recycling Program.
See also
List of U.S. Navy losses in World War II
Allied submarines in the Pacific War
Submarines in the United States Navy
List of submarines of the United States Navy
List of most successful American submarines in World War II
References
Silverstone, Paul H., U.S. Warships of World War II, Ian Allan, 1965, .
External links
On Eternal Patrol
Submarine Photo Archive at NavSource.org
United States Submarine Veterans Inc. (USSVI)
Submarines
Submarines lost
Lists of submarines
Folleville may refer to several communes in France:
Folleville, Eure, in the Eure département
Folleville, Somme, in the Somme département
Miming in instrumental performance or finger-synching is the act of musicians pretending to play their instruments in a live show, audiovisual recording or broadcast. Miming instrument playing is the musical instrument equivalent of lip-syncing in singing performances, the action of pretending to sing while a prerecorded track of the singing is sounding over a PA system or on a TV broadcast or in a movie. In some cases, instrumentalists will mime playing their instruments, but the singing will be live. In some cases, the instrumentalists are miming playing their instruments and the singers are lip-synching while a backing track plays. As with lip-synching, miming instrument playing has been criticized by some music industry professionals and it is a controversial practice.
Not all miming is criticized; when a band appears in a music video, there are often no microphones on the stage and the guitars are not plugged in. With music videos, it is generally accepted that the audience is not seeing the band playing live (the exception is live concert videos).
Miming instrument playing is mostly associated with popular music and rock music performances in huge venues, TV broadcasts, music videos and films. However, there are cases where classical chamber music groups (e.g. A string quartet) or orchestras have mimed playing their instruments while a prerecorded track of the music sounds over a PA system or on a TV broadcast or film.
Terminology
The miming of the playing of a musical instrument also called finger-synching, is analogous lip-synching.
Examples
Classical music
Alfred Schnittke has the soloist mime a "cadenza visuale" in his Violin Concerto No. 4 twice, and George Crumb has all 4 players mime in Vox Balanae for special effect.
A notable example of miming includes John Williams' piece at US President Obama's inauguration, which was a recording made two days earlier, then played back over speakers and mimed by musicians Yo-Yo Ma (cello) and Itzhak Perlman (violin). The musicians wore earpieces to hear the playback.
On February 10, 2006, Luciano Pavarotti appeared during a performance of the opera aria "Nessun Dorma" at the 2006 Winter Olympics opening ceremony in Turin, Italy, at his final performance. In the last act of the opening ceremony, his performance received the longest and loudest ovation of the night from the international crowd. Leone Magiera, the conductor who directed the performance, revealed in his 2008 memoirs, Pavarotti Visto da Vicino, that the performance was prerecorded weeks earlier. As the recording played during the broadcast, "[t]he orchestra pretended to play for the audience, I pretended to conduct and Luciano pretended to sing. The effect was wonderful," he wrote. Pavarotti's manager, Terri Robson, said that the tenor had turned the Winter Olympic Committee's invitation down several times because it would have been impossible to sing late at night in the sub-zero conditions of Turin in February. The committee eventually persuaded him to take part by pre-recording the song and miming during the broadcast.
Classical singing group Il Divo appeared in 2012 with the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, but "...what the audience heard over the sound system was not the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra" playing live; it was "prerecorded audio tracks by an entirely different orchestra" that sounded over the speakers. The real "...orchestra was relegated to the role of visual window dressing", as the players pretended to play in "pantomime."
Popular music
United Kingdom
When the Beatles performed on the TV show Thank Your Lucky Stars in 1963, the guitar and bass were not plugged in and there were no microphones on the stage, so the band was miming their instrument playing and lip-syncing the vocals.
Initially, bands performing on the UK TV show Top of the Pops mimed to the commercially released record, but in 1966 after discussions with the Musicians' Union, miming was banned. After a few weeks during which some bands' attempts to play live were somewhat lacking, a compromise was reached whereby a specially recorded backing track was permitted as long as all of the musicians on the track were present in the studio. The TOTP Orchestra, led by Johnny Pearson, augmented the tracks when necessary. This setup continued until 1980, when a protracted Musicians' Union strike resulted in the dropping of the live orchestra altogether and the use of prerecorded tracks only. This accounts for a number of acts who never appeared on the show because of their reluctance to perform in this way.
Highlights have included Jimi Hendrix who, on hearing someone else's track being played by mistake (in the days of live broadcast), mumbled "I don't know the words to that one, man," a drunken performance of "Fairytale of New York" by Shane MacGowan of the Pogues, a performance of "Roll with It" by Oasis in which Noel and Liam Gallagher exchanged roles and BBC DJ John Peel's appearance as the mandolin soloist for Rod Stewart on "Maggie May."
The Top of the Pops miming policy occasionally led to unintended consequences, such as in 1988 when All About Eve appeared for the song "Martha's Harbour" and the televised audience could hear the song but the band could not. As the opening verse began, unknowing lead singer Julianne Regan remained silent on a stool on stage while Tim Bricheno (the only other band member present) did not play his guitar. An unseen stagehand apparently prompted them that something was wrong in time to mime along to the second verse. The band were invited back the following week, and chose to sing live.
United States
During Whitney Houston's performance of "The Star-Spangled Banner" with a full orchestra before Super Bowl XXV, a prerecorded version was used. Orchestra director Kathryn Holm McManus revealed in 2001: "At the game, everyone was playing, and Whitney was singing, but there were no live microphones. ... Everyone was lip synching or finger-synching."
British backing singer Margo Buchanan angrily left a 2011 Dolly Parton concert because of the extensive use of vocal and instrumental miming. She described it as "artistically dishonest and unfair to musicians who work hard at perfecting their craft," but she was unable to persuade the Musicians' Union to become involved in lobbying to curtail the use of miming.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers drew the ire of many on social media after they performed at Super Bowl XLVIII with their instruments unplugged, which made it obvious that they were miming. Bassist Flea stated after the show that the "... band were offered no other option [other than miming] by Super Bowl organizers."
The Eurovision Song Contest has banned lip-synching during the broadcasts. However, "musical instruments have to form part of the pre-recorded track, which means [instrumentalists] are effectively mim[ing]" the playing of their instruments during the TV broadcast.
Violinist Natalie Holt threw eggs at Simon Cowell, the creator of Britain's Got Talent, in what she called a "... protest because she was angry that backing musicians don't play live." Holt said that she "... took a stand against people miming on TV and against Simon Cowell and his dreadful influence on the music industry." A spokesperson for the show told reporters that miming is "standard practice for backing musicians during TV performances as it isn't possible to easily capture the quality of the sound in a live broadcast environment."
In 2011, singer Katy Perry was caught miming the recorder during a performance of "Big Pimpin'" but claimed afterward that the episode was a joke.
Artists intentionally showing they are miming
In some cases where producers have insisted that bands mime their performance on TV broadcasts, the performers have protested this practice by making it obvious that they are not playing live.
Before Frank Zappa appeared live on Detroit TV in 1966, the producer threatened the band to "Lip-sync your hit—or else." Zappa went to the TV studio's props department, "gathered an assortment of random objects and built a set" and instructed each band member to perform repeated physical movements during the mimed song (though not in time with the music).
The band Blue Cheer performed on American Bandstand in 1968, deliberately miming out of sync with their song "Summertime Blues."
When progressive rock band Marillion played on Top of the Pops in 1983, the show's producer Michael Hurll insisted that the band pretend to play and sing while the recording played on air. However, lead singer Fish kept his mouth closed and made a gesture when the line "I'm miming" played.
When Iron Maiden appeared on German TV in 1986, they were not allowed to play live. The band made it clear that they were pretending to play and passed instruments around as a recording of their song "Wasted Years" played on the broadcast. The band swapped instruments; drummer Nicko McBrain moved out from "behind the drums to take center stage for the chorus, and he's handed a bass [to pretend to play], and Harris winds up behind the drums... At one point, three members are playing drums simultaneously, McBrain puts his hands on Adrian Smith's guitar neck [strings] in the middle of the solo."
For more than 40 years, major bands and artists appeared on the UK show Top of the Pops, with the producers insisting that the performers would either "lip-sync or sing along with a prerecorded backing track" for the TV broadcast. In 1984, Morrissey "sang" into a fern instead of a microphone for "This Charming Man." When Nirvana was not allowed play their instruments live on Top Of The Pops, singer/guitarist Kurt Cobain did not pretend to play his instrument as the prerecorded played on the broadcast.
When Muse performed on the Italian TV show Quelli che... il Calcio, the producers insisted that the band mime along while the recording played on air. "Infuriated" at the requirement to pretend to play, the band "swapped instruments with [lead vocalist and guitarist] Matt Bellamy sitting behind the drums" and pretending to be the group's drum kit player. Muse also mimed on BBC TV, when the producers insisted that the band pretend to play their instruments and lip-synch the vocals. "...Bellamy spends the piano intro gliding his hands over the keys randomly", not near the actual notes, and then "...starts waving his hands in the air, nowhere near the keys he's supposed to be playing". Then [Bellamy] does not touch his guitar while a "rapid guitar section plays out of the speakers" and drummer Dominic Howard pretends to strum the bass he took from the actual bass player.
When UK artists Disclosure appeared at the Capital FM Summertime Ball, the producers "allowed the vocalists to sing [live], but required the backing tracks to be pre-recorded in order to sync with their visual display." Group member Guy Lawrence stated that the musicians took intentional steps to make it clear to the audience that they were being forced to mime their audio mixing and that the group left the DJ gear unplugged into the AC mains, left the phono jacks unplugged, and did not bring their headphones onstage.
Reception and impact
After the Milli Vanilli miming scandal, it "...forever embedded skepticism into the minds (and ears) of the listener." In the fallout of this miming controversy, MTV's Unplugged series was launched, "a showcase for artists wanting to prove they were more than just studio creations". As the show used live performances with singers and acoustic instruments, it required performers to "...display their unembellished voices and ability to perform live." On MTV unplugged, artists could not use lip-syncing, backup tracks, synthesizers, and racks of vocal effects. With Unplugged, authenticity in live performances again became an important value in popular music. During a DJ tour for the release of the French group Justice, A Cross the Universe in November 2008, controversy arose when a photograph of Augé DJing with an unplugged Akai MPD24 surfaced. The photograph sparked accusations that Justice's live sets were faked. Augé has since said that the equipment was unplugged very briefly before being reattached and the band put a three-photo set of the incident on their MySpace page.
Ellie Goulding and Ed Sheeran have called for honesty in live shows by joining the "Live Means Live" campaign, which was launched by songwriter/composer David Mindel. Bands display the "Live Means Live" logo to indicate to the audience that "there's no Auto-Tune, nothing that isn't 100 per cent live" in the show, and that there are no backing tracks.
Further reading
Gittins, Ian. Top of the Pops: Mishaps, Miming and Music. 2007, BBC TV Publications.
See also
Lip-syncing
Backing track
Auto-Tune
Offstage musicians and singers in popular music
References
Popular music
Rock music
Orchestral music
Deception
Classical music styles
2011 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2011 ACC men's basketball tournament
2011 ACC women's basketball tournament
2011 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
2011 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
2011 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2011 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Holothuria (Semperothuria) cinerascens is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae. The sea cucumber is widely distributed in the Pacific and Indian oceans, being found from the Red Sea to Madagascar and from Japan to Australia. It was first described by Brandt in 1835.
References
Holothuriidae
Akyat Bahay Gang () is a 1988 Filipino crime film directed by Efren C. Piñon and starring Lito Lapid, Zandro Zamora, Dick Israel, Lito Gruet, Chuck Perez, Jean Saburit, Angela Perez, and Paquito Diaz. Produced by Falcon Films, a subsidiary of Viva Films, it was released on April 20, 1988. Critic Luciano E. Soriano gave the film a negative review, criticizing its lack of suspense and unexciting action, though he noted it was better than other films showing in theaters at the time.
Cast
Lito Lapid as Ricardo "Carding" Dacanay
Zandro Zamora as Rufing
Dick Israel as Ato
Lito Gruet as Berto
Chuck Perez as Mio
Jean Saburit as Marianne
Angela Perez as Liza
Paquito Diaz as Abet Valdez
Crystal Piñon as Daisy
Peck Piñon as Mr. Allan Ang
Perry Baltazar as Morrick
Alex Bolado as Ely Valdez
Sonny Valencia as Bong Valdez
Rudy Meyer as Ramon Escudero
Eric Francisco as Rodel Dacanay
Rusty Santos as Capt. Panopio
Leo Padilla as Lt. Nicolas
Production
Akyat Bahay Gang was the last film Angela Perez starred in before retiring from the film industry to raise a family.
Release
Akyat Bahay Gang was graded "B" by the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board (MTRCB), indicating a "good" quality. The film was released on April 20, 1988.
Critical response
Luciano E. Soriano, writing for the Manila Standard, gave the film a negative review, criticizing the heist scenes for lacking in suspense and the action for being unexciting, along with some inconsistencies in logic for character actions. However, Soriano considers Akyat Bahay Gang to be better than Urban Terrorist and Gorio Punasan, Rebel Driver which opened around the same time.
References
External links
1988 films
1980s crime action films
Filipino-language films
Films about bank robbery
Philippine crime action films
Cotham is an area of Bristol, England, about 1 mile north of the city centre. It is an affluent, leafy, inner city suburb situated north of the neighbourhoods of Kingsdown and St Paul's and sandwiched between Gloucester Road (A38) to the east, and Hampton Road to the west.
Cotham is closely related to the neighbourhood of Redland to the north, with the Severn Beach Railway Line broadly marking where Cotham ends and Redland begins, though Ward boundaries show Cotham extending to Redland Road. Redland's boundaries is usually taken to extend to Coldharbour Road. To the north lies Bishopston and Westbury Park, and Durdham Down to the west. Cotham and Redland together make up the Bristol City Council's Cotham and Redland Conservation Area.
It is also the name of a council ward of the city, which also includes other areas.
The suburb
Cotham is characterised by its individually developed urban streets, dominated by a high-quality victorian townscape, in conjunction with its spacious, leafy character as a product of the individual gardens and areas of public landscape, both larger than average for an inner city suburb, generally handed down from earlier estate layouts of parklands. Over-arching these two elements is a dramatic local topography, which contributes greatly to the quantity and quality of views and panoramas.
The local architecture is typified by its use of Pennant and Brandon Hill stone and limestone in the form of Bath stone, with brick and render are also found. The hilly topography gives emphasis to roofs, bay windows and chimneys emphasising the scale and substance of victorian villa construction. The escarpments and hillside nature of development has also given rise to a variety of natural stone retaining walls, typical of the area.
It is a cosmopolitan residential area with large old houses, many of which are used as hotels and bed and breakfast accommodation, or divided into flats, and a selection of small independent shops. It also contains the comprehensive Cotham School (formerly Cotham Grammar School).
The top of Saint Michael's Hill in Cotham was one of the historical city limits of Bristol, and the traditional location for hangings. Between 1555 and 1557 three Marian martyrs were burned to death here for their religious beliefs. The gallows form one quarter of the badge of the local Rugby club, Cotham Park RFC.
Cotham Church was built in 1842–43 by William Butterfield in a Gothic Revival style, as Highbury Congregational Chapel. It was Butterfield's first commission, obtained through his family's connection with William Day Wills of the tobacco firm W. D. & H. O. Wills. The apse, tower, south transept and school were added in 1863 by Edward William Godwin. Since 1975 it has been an Anglican church.
Demographics
Cotham ward had an estimated resident population of 11,693 according to mid-2019 estimates, based on changes to the ward definition in 2016. Using the same data, according to the Census of 2011, following 2016 ward changes, the resident population in mid-2011 was 11,715. The 2011 Census gave the ward a population of 12,554 according to the definition of Cotham ward in 2011.
Mid-2019 estimates gave the population of Cotham ward by age as being 9.0% aged 0–5 years; 33.2% aged 16–24 years; 31.6% aged 25–39 years; 11.7% aged 40–54 years; 6.1% aged 55–64 years; and 8.4% aged 65 years or older.
In the 2011 Census, 81.5% of residents considered themselves as being White British, 1.2% White Irish, 0.1% White Gypsy or Irish Traveller, 6.6% Other White, 3.4% Mixed, 1.6% Indian, 0.3% Pakistani, 0% Bangladeshi, 1.7% Chinese, 1.0% Other Asian, 0.9% Black African, 0.5% Black Caribbean, 0.4% Other Black, 0.4% Arab and 0.4% as Other ethnic group. Overall, 10.5% of residents considered themselves to be from a Black or Minority Ethnic group compared with 16% for Bristol as a whole. 85.1% or residents were born in the UK, with China, Germany and 'Other EU countries' being the top three countries of birth outside of the UK.
In the 2011 Census, the largest group by religious belief was 51.8% considering themselves to have No religion, followed by 35.2% Christian, 8.4% Religion not stated, 1.3% Muslim, 0.9% Buddhist, 0.9% Hindu, 0.8% Other religions, 0.5% Jewish and 0.2% Sikh. Only the proportion of Cotham residents stating as themselves as having No religion (51.8% versus 37.4%) or being Jewish (0.5% versus 0.2%) was significantly higher than Bristol overall and only the proportion stating themselves as being Christian significantly lower (35.2% versus 46.8%).
Electoral ward
The Cotham ward comprises Cotham, Kingsdown, and a large part of Redland. This follows extensive changes in 2016, when Kingsdown and more parts of Redland were added to the ward.
Politics
Cotham is part of the parliamentary constituency of Bristol West. Since 2015 the Member of Parliament is Thangam Debbonaire, a Labour party member.
Cotham is represented by two councillors on Bristol City Council. Currently, these are Mohamed Makawi and Guy Poultney. They are both members of the Green Party.
Health
The Family Practice is a local general practice with a 70 year history. It provides primary care services to over 15,000 locally residents. In 1993 the practice moved to its current building, Western College. The College was designed by the Bristol architect, Henry Dare Bryan, in the Arts and Crafts style and is a Grade II listed building. It was opened in 1906 as a Theological Training College for the Congregational Church. From 1968 to 1990 it served as the offices of the Southern Universities Joint Examination Board. The Family Practice is a teaching practice for both GP specialist training and for teaching medical students from the University of Bristol.
The University of Bristol Student Health Service is a separate general practice located at Hampton House Health Centre, opposite Western College, providing primary care service to students of university their families with over 6,000 registrations a year. The Grade II listed Hampton House building itself is the former site of the Bristol Homeopathic Hospital, built in 1925 in the Jacobethan Cotswold vernacular style by George Oatley, a local Bristol architect renowned for the design on many buildings locally, most notably the nearby Wills Memorial Building. Homeopathic treatments had been available in Bristol since 1854. As homeopathy services developed and expanded over time, its popularity required the building of a specialist hospital. Following his appointment as president of the Bristol Homeopathic Hospital in 1916, Walter Melville Wills commissioned the construction of the new hospital at the site, moving from its former location, a building in Brunswick Square. The commission was a gift to the city in remembrance of his son, killed in action in 1915 in the First World War. The Wills family owned a successful Bristol tobacco company and bequeathed the city a number of prominent buildings. Construction began in 1921 with the engraved foundation stone laid by Edward, Prince of Wales. The building ceased use as a homeopathic hospital in 1986 following the defunding of homeopathic services on the NHS.
Life expectancy at birth for Cotham residents is 87.5 years for females and 84.1 years for males. Both are significantly better than Bristol as a whole, where the life expectancy is 82.8 years for females and 78.5 years for males.
All cause premature mortality (defined as the direct age standardised rates of people dying of all causes before the age of 75 years) was 228.6 premature deaths per 100,000 population for Cotham ward, significantly better than the Bristol average of 381.2 people per 100,000 population. For selected causes of premature deaths, the direct age standardised rates of deaths under 75 years were 100.1 cancer deaths per 100,000 people, 25.1 deaths per 100,000 people due to cardiovascular disease and 15.5 deaths per 100,000 people due to respiratory causes. For Bristol as a whole, these rates were 151.6 cancer deaths per 100,000 people, 74.5 deaths per 100,000 people due to cardiovascular disease and 40.0 deaths per 100,000 people due to respiratory causes, with only the rate of premature death due to cardiovascular disease significantly different between Cotham residents and Bristol as a whole.
According to the Bristol Quality of Life survey, 94.0% of Cotham residents consider themselves to be in ‘good health' compared with 87.6% for Bristol. 16.2% reported having an illness or health condition limiting day-to-day activities at least a little (25.7% for Bristol as a whole). 29.2% were overweight or obese (45.0% Bristol overall). 2.5% were classed as physically 'inactive' (6.8% Bristol average). 85.7% did enough regular exercise each week (71.2% Bristol average). 5.6% were smokers (9.5% Bristol overall) and 0.6% reported living in households where someone regularly smokes in the house (3.9% Bristol overall).
13.9% were at ‘higher risk of alcohol related health problems' (16.1% Bristol average). 7.8% were classed as having ‘above average mental wellbeing' (9.9% Bristol average), whilst 8.0% were reported as having ‘below average mental wellbeing' (14.7% Bristol average). 2.1% felt ‘lonely because they don't see family enough' (3.4% Bristol average). 75.7% reported being ‘satisfied with life' (75.3% Bristol average) and 25.1% reported ‘very high life satisfaction' (23.5% Bristol average). 6.1% reported a ‘low life satisfaction' (9.0% Bristol average).
Education
Cotham School is a secondary school with co-operative academy status, with a capacity for 1480 students between the ages of 11 and 16 years (Years 7 to 11). It is closely associated with nearby Redland Green School. Together the two schools collaboratively feed into North Bristol Post 16 Centre, a sixth form centre also based in Cotham. Cotham School was formally the Trade and Mines School from 1856 to 1885 and the Merchant Venturers' School until 1920.
Cotham School, through its former evolutions, has educated two Nobel Laureates, Paul Dirac (graduated 1918) and Peter Higgs (1946). Dirac, born in Bristol and growing up to the north of Cotham and Redland in the neighbourhood of Bishopston, made fundamental contributions to the early development of both quantum mechanics and quantum electrodynamics. Among other discoveries, he formulated the Dirac equation which describes the behaviour of fermions and predicted the existence of antimatter. Dirac shared the 1933 Nobel Prize in Physics with Erwin Schrödinger "for the discovery of new productive forms of atomic theory". He also made significant contributions to the reconciliation of general relativity with quantum mechanics.
Peter Higgs, born in Newcastle upon Tyne but raised in Bristol, is known for the theoretical discovery of a mechanism (known as the Higgs mechanism) that contributes to our understanding of the origin of mass of subatomic particles, and which recently was confirmed through the discovery of the predicted fundamental particle (known as the Higgs boson), by the ATLAS and CMS experiments at CERN's Large Hadron Collider. Following the Discover of the predicted Higgs boson, Higgs was awarded the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physics along with François Englert. Higgs himself was inspired by the work of Paul Dirac whilst at the school. Higgs is recognised by the school through its science centre, the Dirac Higgs science, opened by Higgs himself in 2012.
Cotham Gardens Primary School (formerly Colston's Primary School) is a primary school taking children from the ages of 5 to 11 years.
Although there are no public access libraries in the neighbourhood itself, the area is served by the nearby Redland Library to the west on Whiteladies road, Clifton; Bishopston Library on Gloucester Road to the east; and Bristol Central Library in the city centre to the south.
See also
Cotham Marble
References
External links
Census data
Cotham Park RFC
Areas of Bristol
Wards of Bristol
