Rodrigo Pimentel is a political analyst, editorial writer and activist specializing in United States immigration policy. He is a "Dreamer", affected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program (DACA).
Personal life, education and career
Pimentel grew up in East Providence, Rhode Island after coming to the United States with his parents at ten months of age. Pimentel graduated from East Providence High School where he served as President of the Young Democrats club.
Pimentel is currently working for the Latino Policy Institute at Roger Williams University.
Editorials
Pimentel has written editorials for several news agencies, most prominently Al-Jazeera, The Guardian and The Providence Journal.
Pimentel's commentary is usually regarding immigration policy and Dreamers and is often critical of the Trump Administration for ending DACA and Congress for its lack of action to protect Dreamers.
Activism
Immigration policy
Pimentel's main policy focus is US immigration reform. Pimentel has rallied other Dreamers both in his native Rhode Island and in Washington, D.C. to push for a permanent fix for DACA recipients.
On a national level, Pimentel has been critical of the Trump Administration's positions on immigration and ending the DACA program. Pimentel has also been critical of congressional inaction on the issue of Dreamers. Pimentel has advocated for Dreamers both with his local congressional delegation and leaders in Washington D.C.
In Rhode Island, Pimentel has lobbied both the Governor of Rhode Island and the Rhode Island General Assembly for legislation granting undocumented immigrants driver's licenses. While Pimentel's efforts have been unsuccessful to-date, Rhode Island did pass a law to continue issuing driver's licenses and other protections offered under DACA to current recipients regardless of future federal policy. Due to his extensive work on the issue, he was asked to introduce Governor Gina Raimondo at the bill signing. Pimentel was also cited as one of Rhode Island's politically 'Hot' individuals by news site GoLocalProv.
Other issues
While attending East Providence High School, Pimentel advocated against high stakes standardized testing in schools, particularly the PARCC test in Rhode Island, encouraging parents to 'opt out' their students.
In late 2015, controversial 'dancing cop' Tony Lepore had been scheduled to perform during the holidays in East Providence, Rhode Island, Pimentel's home town. Lepore had been removed from his long standing job directing traffic in Providence, Rhode Island after a series of events leading to racial tensions in the city. Pimentel organized and led protests along with Black Lives Matter and other local civil rights figures which successfully forced Lepore to withdraw.
References
Portuguese emigrants to the United States
Living people
Immigrant rights activists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Undocumented immigrants to the United States
DACA recipients
Affair of Half a Lifetime () is a 2003 drama-romance TV series based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Chinese author Eileen Chang. The series stars Ruby Lin, Patrick Tam, Jiang Qinqin and Li Liqun. It had the most simultaneous broadcasts on China cable/satellite TVs during 2004. The series was filmed in Shanghai and Taiwan.
Plot
Affair of Half a Lifetime is set in Shanghai, China, during the 1930s and 1940s. It centers around two sisters from a struggling family, Gu Manzhen (Ruby Lin) and her older sister, Gu Manlu (Jiang Qinqin). A college graduate, Manzhen finds true love with one of her colleagues, Shen Shijun (Patrick Tam). Meanwhile, Manlu, the oldest of four children, supports the entire family. At the age of seventeen, Manlu sacrificed her pride and reputation to become a nightclub hostess. The job helps support Manlu's family, but others find her work disgraceful and look down on Manlu. Even her own grandmother does not her job. Originally, before she takes up her work as a nightclub hostess, Manlu was to marry a respected doctor named Zhang Yujing. However, they are forced to part and Manlu eventually marries a comprador (Zhu Hongcai) instead.
Manlu realizes that she is barren, and fearful for her marriage arranges her sister to be raped by her husband after finding out that Zhu is attracted to her sister. Manlu also lies to Shijun, saying Manzhen has rejected his love because of the disparity between their statuses, thus forcing them to be apart. Manzhen eventually escapes from her abusive family after she gives birth to her son with Zhu, but afraid to contact Shijun in fear of the consequences if he finds out, marries his maternal cousin Shi Cuizhi. Having failed to maintain her chastity for Shijun, Manzhen hopes for the best of his marriage with Shi, and settles somewhere as a recluse and becomes a schoolteacher.
Eventually, both Manlu and Zhu feel remorse of their misdeeds toward Manzhen, and Manlu begs her sister to come back to raise her nephew/stepson with her husband after they locate her, asking for forgiveness before she dies. Despite still hating them for the rape, Manzhen stays with Zhu for the sake of their son. By chance, Manzhen and Shijun reunite in Shanghai, and both talk of each other's lives years after their separation. Knowing that they still love each other, but due to the restrictions of their respective obligations, both Manzhen and Shijun realize that they cannot be together.
Cast
Ruby Lin as Gu Manzhen (顧曼楨)
Patrick Tam as Shen Shijun (沈世鈞)
Jiang Qinqin as Gu Manlu (顧曼璐)
Li Li-chun as Zhu Hongcai (祝鴻才)
Hu Ke as Shi Cuizhi (石翠芝)
Chang Chang as Xu Shuhui (許叔惠)
Xing Minshan as Zhang Yujin (張豫瑾)
Soundtrack
Album Title : 半生缘新歌+精选 (Ban Sheng Yuan New + Best Selection)
The original soundtrack was released on April 2004 in China. This soundtrack contains 18 tracks, produced by BMG Ltd (Taiwan). All songs are sung by lead actress Ruby lin. Tracks 1-5 are composed for this series, other songs are from Ruby Lin's album Best Selection.
Awards
International broadcast
It aired in Vietnam from October 28, 2005 on HTV7 under the title Bán sinh duyên.
See also
Eighteen Springs - a 1997 film based on the same novel, directed by Ann Hui
References
External links
Ruby Station
Sina Official Site
HK ATV Official Site
CCTV Official Site
2003 Chinese television series debuts
2003 Taiwanese television series debuts
Chinese romance television series
Chinese period television series
Taiwanese romance television series
Television shows set in Shanghai
Television shows based on Chinese novels
Mandarin-language television shows
Television shows filmed in Shanghai
Television shows set in Nanjing
Television series by Ciwen Media
Theodoric I (11 March 1162 – 18 February 1221), called the Oppressed (Dietrich der Bedrängte), was the Margrave of Meissen from 1198 until his death. He was the second son of Otto II, Margrave of Meissen and Hedwig of Brandenburg.
Biography
Theodoric, called in German Dietrich, the younger son of Otto II, Margrave of Meissen, fell out with his brother, Albert the Proud, after his mother persuaded his father to change the succession so that Theodoric was given the Margraviate of Meissen and Albrecht (although the older son) the margraviate of Weissenfels. Albert took his father prisoner to try to make him return the succession to the way it had been. After Otto obtained his release by an order of the emperor Frederick I, he had only just renewed the war when he died in 1190. Albert then took back the Meissen margraviate from his brother. Theodoric attempted to regain the margraviate, supported by Landgraf Hermann I of Thuringia, his father-in-law. In 1195, however, Theodoric left on a pilgrimage to Palestine.
Albrecht's Death
After Albrecht's death in 1195, leaving no children, Meissen, with its rich mines, was seized by the emperor Henry VI as a vacant fief of the empire. Dietrich finally came into possession of his inheritance two years later on Henry's death.
At the time of the struggle between the two rival kings Philip of Swabia and Otto IV, Holy Roman Emperor, Phillip gave Dietrich the tenure of the march of Meißen again. After that time, Dietrich was on Phillip's side and remained true to the Staufer even after Phillip was murdered in 1208.
Dietrich became caught up in dangerous disagreements with the city of Leipzig and the Meißen nobility. After a fruitless siege of Leipzig, in 1217 he agreed to a settlement but then took over the city by trickery, had the city walls taken down and built three castles of his own within the city, full of his own men.
Death
Margrave Dietrich died on 18 February 1221, possibly poisoned by his doctor, instigated into doing so by the people of Leipzig and the dissatisfied nobility. He left behind a widow, Jutta of Thuringia, daughter of Hermann I, Landgrave of Thuringia. Some of his children had already died.
Marriages and issue
Children from his marriage to Jutta of Thuringia, daughter of Hermann I, Landgrave of Thuringia:
Hedwig (d. 1249) married Count Dietrich V of Cleves (1185–1260)
Otto (d. before 1215)
Sophia (d. 1280) married Count Henry of Henneberg-Schleusingen (d. 1262)
Jutta married Mestwin II, Duke of Pomerania
Henry the Illustrious (1218–1288) Margrave of Meissen
Children from extramarital liaisons:
Konrad
Dietrich II (not the same as Dietrich von Kittlitz)
Heinrich
References
Sources
|-
1162 births
1221 deaths
Margraves of Meissen
Place of birth unknown
Place of death unknown
Christians of the Crusade of 1197
Afsaneh Sara (, also Romanized as Āfsāneh Sarā) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 189, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
UKB may stand for:
IATA airport code of Kobe Airport
United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Rock County, Wisconsin. It is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Rock County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below may be seen in a map.
There are 139 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another seven properties were once listed but have been removed.
Current listings
|}
Formerly listed
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wisconsin
Listings in neighboring counties: Boone (IL), Dane, Green, Jefferson, Walworth, Winnebago (IL)
References
External links
Janesville's Benton Avenue Historic District: A Guide
Janesville's Columbus Circle Historic District : A Guide
Janesville's Court House Hill Historic District: A Guide
Janesville's Look West Historic District: A Guide
Main & Milwaukee, Janesville's Downtown Historic Districts: A Guide
Janesville's Old Fourth Ward Historic District: A Guide
Janesville's Prospect Hill & Conrad Cottages Historic Districts: A Guide
Rock
Marie Olive Reay (1922 in Maitland, NSW – 2004 in Booragul, NSW) was an Australian anthropologist, known particularly for work in the New Guinea Highlands.
Career
Reay did undergraduate studies at the University of Sydney, taking anthropology after hearing A. P. Elkin debate the philosopher John Anderson. Reay went on to study under Elkin, who directed her to do fieldwork among fringe-dwelling Aboriginal people in north-western NSW. She did six-month stints of fieldwork at Walgett, Bourke, Moree, Coonabarabran and other communities. In 1953 she was awarded a research scholarship in S.F. Nadel's department at the Australian National University and later that year travelled to Minj in the highlands of Papua New Guinea. She performed fieldwork from 1953 to 1955 amongst the south Wahgi people and was hosted and supported primarily by the Kugika community at Kondambi village, principally by Luluia Wamdi (Luluia was a government-appointed village official). This fieldwork became the basis of her monograph "The kuma"
She joined the Australian National University in 1959 and worked there until she retired in 1988.
Reay was elected a Fellow of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia in 1977.
Ten years after her death ANU Press published her 1965 manuscript, Wives and Wanderers in a New Guinea Highlands Society, with an introduction by Marilyn Strathern.
Selected publications
References
1922 births
2004 deaths
Australian anthropologists
Australian women anthropologists
20th-century anthropologists
Fellows of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia
University of Sydney alumni
Australian National University alumni
Australian National University faculty
Henderson County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The county is located in western Kentucky on the Ohio River across from Evansville, Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 44,793. Its county seat is Henderson.
The county was formed in 1798 and named for Richard Henderson who purchased of land from the Cherokee Indians, part of which would later make up the county.
Henderson County lies within the West Kentucky Coal Field area. It is also part of the Evansville, IN-KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The Transylvania Co., also known as Richard Henderson & Co., in 1775 purchased from the Cherokees a large swath of wilderness between the Kentucky River and Cumberland River, encompassing approximately half of what would become Kentucky as well as a portion of northern Tennessee. Their intention was to establish a 14th colony to be called Transylvania Colony. To help attract people to purchase land and populate the region, Henderson & Co. hired pioneer, explorer, woodsman, and frontiersman Daniel Boone to lead settlers through Cumberland Gap and direct woodsmen to cut the Wilderness Road through the Kentucky forest. However, the Continental Congress declined to act on Transylvania Co.'s petition without the consent of Virginia and North Carolina, which laid claim to the disputed lands.
In December 1778, Virginia's Assembly declared the Transylvania claim void. In compensation, Henderson and his partners received a grant of 200,000 acres on the Ohio River below the mouth of Green River. In 1797, the surviving Transylvania Company investors and heirs sent Samuel Hopkins and Thomas Allin to the Henderson Grant land to lay out a town and mark off land for the respective investors. The location they selected for the town was the site of an existing settlement that sat high above the Ohio River called Red Banks. The new town was subsequently named Henderson.
Henderson County was created out of Christian County in December 1798, and was officially established in May 1799. Henderson was designed as its county seat. The county initially encompassed a larger area than it does today. It was reduced in size when Hopkins County was formed in 1806, when Union County was established in 1811, and when Webster County was established in 1860.
In August 1799, serial killers Micajah and Wiley Harpe came to the house of Moses Stegall, near what is now Dixon in Webster County, and murdered his wife, child, and a visitor. Moses Stegall later tracked down the brothers, and killed Micajah Harpe, cutting off his head and hanging it in a tree as a warning to other outlaws. Wiley Harpe was captured and hanged four years later in Mississippi.
During the 19th century, a cultivar of dark tobacco raised in Henderson County became very popular in Great Britain and continental Europe. Henderson became the largest dark-tobacco market in the world, generating considerable wealth in Henderson County. Around 1880, Henderson had 17 stemmeries in the city and 18 in the county. Stemmeries were where tobacco was stripped from its stem and made ready for use. However, tobacco production in Henderson County declined through the 20th century and early 21st century, with few farmers still raising the labor-intensive crop.
A peninsula across the Ohio from Henderson, which now forms Union Township, Vanderburgh County, Indiana, was the subject of Handly's Lessee v. Anthony, a U.S. Supreme Court case in 1820. An area known as "Green River Island" is part of Kentucky, even though it is on the Indiana side of the Ohio River. The Ellis Park Race Course is located there.
A workplace shooting occurred at an Atlantis Plastics factory in Henderson, Kentucky, United States on June 25, 2008. The gunman, 25-year-old Wesley Neal Higdon, shot and killed five people and critically injured a sixth, before taking his own life. The mass murder is the worst in the history of Henderson County, surpassing the triple homicides that took place in 1799 and 1955.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (6.4%) is water. The county's northern border with Indiana is mostly formed by the Ohio River, though some of the county lies north of the river.
Adjacent counties
Posey County, Indiana (northwest)
Vanderburgh County, Indiana (north)
Warrick County, Indiana (northeast)
Daviess County (east)
McLean County (southeast)
Webster County (south)
Union County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 44,829 people, 18,095 households, and 12,576 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 19,466 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 91.16% White, 7.10% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.33% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.39% from other races, and 0.86% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.97% of the population.
There were 18,095 households, out of which 32.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.40% were married couples living together, 11.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.50% were non-families. 26.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.60% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 30.00% from 25 to 44, 23.90% from 45 to 64, and 13.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,892, and the median income for a family was $44,703. Males had a median income of $33,838 versus $22,572 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,470. About 9.70% of families and 12.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.20% of those under age 18 and 10.10% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Corydon
Henderson (county seat)
Robards
Census-designated places
Anthoston
Poole (partially in Webster County)
Spottsville
Other unincorporated places
Alzey
Baskett
Bluff City
Cairo
Dixie
Finley Addition
Geneva
Graham Hill
Hebbardsville
Niagara
Reed
Scuffletown
Smith Mills
Weaverton
Wilson
Zion
Notable people
Happy Chandler, 44th and 49th governor of Kentucky, was born in the farming community of Corydon, Kentucky, in 1898.
John James Audubon, ornithologist, painter and naturalist, lived in Henderson from 1810 to 1819.
W. C. Handy, a musician and composer who became known as the Father of the Blues, lived in Henderson during the 1890s, performing in bands.
Ewing Galloway, a journalist and one-time county prosecutor, was born in Little Dixie, Kentucky, 1880.
Kentucky clergyman and university president LaVerne Butler was born in Henderson County in 1926.
Country entertainer Grandpa Jones, born in 1913 in the small farming community of Niagara, Kentucky.
Marine Corporal Luther Skaggs Jr., born in Henderson, Kentucky, in 1923.
Command Sergeant Major Gary L. Littrell, born in Henderson in 1944.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Henderson County, Kentucky
References
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Evansville metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1798
Imma melotoma is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Sikkim, India.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are fuscous, with deep ochreous-yellow markings. There is an almost basal mark from the costa, reaching halfway across the wing and a moderate, subquadrate spot on the dorsum at one-fourth and a short indistinct suffused mark from the costa at three-fifths, as well as an almost apical oblique spot from the costa, not quite reaching the termen, placed in a darker fuscous terminal fascia. The hindwings have a shallow submedian furrow towards the base, placed between ridges of rough orange hairs, the scales of the disc are modified, hairlike and somewhat raised. The hindwings are fuscous, tinged with orange, especially towards the base, with a suffused dark fuscous terminal band.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Rigan () may refer to:
Refers to anything related to Riga, Latvian capital
Rigan, Fars
Rigan, Qir and Karzin, Fars Province
Rigan, Razavi Khorasan
Rigan County, in Kerman Province
Rigan Rural District, in Kerman Province
This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of Mid Glamorgan. Before the division of the county on 1 April 1974, the Monarch was represented by the Lord Lieutenant of Glamorgan.
Sir Cennydd George Traherne, K.G., T.D.† 1 April 1974 – 1985
Lieutenant of Mid Glamorgan Henry Lougher Knight 1 April 1974 – ?
Douglas George Badham C.B.E. 16 December 1985 – 1989
Murray Adams McLaggan 5 March 1990 – 23 December 2002
Dame Kathrin Elizabeth Thomas 23 December 2003 – 2019
Peter Vaughan 17 April 2019 – present
† Also Lord Lieutenant of South Glamorgan and West Glamorgan. Each of the three Counties had a separate Lieutenant serving under the joint Lord Lieutenancy. Three separate Lord Lieutenants were appointed on his retirement.
References
Glamorgan Mid
1974 establishments in Wales
The Treaty of Stralsund, arranged on 12 February 1354, settled border disputes resulting from the wars for Rugian succession between the duchies of Mecklenburg and Pomerania.
See also
Pomerania during the Late Middle Ages
Stralsund
Stralsund
Boundary treaties
Treaties of the Duchy of Pomerania
Stralsund
1354 in Europe
Dolomite is an unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. Today much of the community's residential neighborhoods lie within the corporate limits of the City of Birmingham and much of its business district lie within the corporate limits of the City of Hueytown.
The most notable landmark is the Bethlehem United Methodist Church, which was established in 1818, before Alabama was admitted as a state to the Union. Its adjoining church cemetery contains the graves of some of Jefferson County's early pioneer settlers, such as James Tarrant, Mortimer Jordan, and Isaac Wellington Sadler.
Notable person
Frank Camper, former U.S. Army soldier and mercenary
References
Unincorporated communities in Jefferson County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Populated places established in 1818
Tuxentius kaffana is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in south-western Ethiopia.
References
Endemic fauna of Ethiopia
Polyommatini
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by George Talbot (entomologist)
Butterflies described in 1935
The Nevele Grande Hotel (NEV-uh-lee) was a high rise resort hotel located in Wawarsing, New York, United States, just outside Ellenville, New York; it closed in 2009. The Nevele dated back to the days of the Borscht Belt, opening in 1901. “Nevele” is “Eleven” spelled backwards — according to lore, after the eleven nineteenth-century schoolteachers who discovered a waterfall within the present-day property. And according to family lore, the founder Charles Slutsky had had eleven children from 1880-1906 and the name might have come from that instead.
The hotel closed in 2009. A June 2020 report indicated that the "buildings remain, falling apart and with no future of reuse ... there are plans to tear down the remaining structures on the property and turn it into a sports complex". The property included a once highly regarded 18-hole golf course and a 9-hole golf course which are closed and have fallen into disrepair.
History
The Nevele Country Club was established in 1901 by Charles Slutsky (1861-1931), who named the first accommodation the Nevele Falls Farm House. Following the Catskill hotel fashion of Mission Revival architecture new wings were built in that style in the 1920s and 1930s. The Slutsky family also operated the adjoining Fallsview hotel, which was merged with the Nevele for a time. In the 1950s and 1960s the Nevele was greatly expanded in the modern style that had by then come to prevail in the Catskills. Architect Sydne Schleman designed the Vacationer Wing and the Waikiki Indoor Pool in 1954. These were followed by architect Herbert D. Phillips' Golden Gate and Empire wings from 1956, linked to adjoining buildings by tunnels. Phillips also designed new lobbies in a style that followed the influential hotel designs of his former employer Morris Lapidus, who had worked at other Catskill resorts. By 1964 Phillips was a partner at the New York firm Viola, Bernard & Phillips, who designed the ten-story dodecaheronal Nevele Tower. The nearly circular building was intended to counter the excessive corridor lengths that plagued more traditional Catskill hotels.
1990s and later
Originally named simply Nevele, the resort was renamed the Nevele Grande when it again merged with the adjacent Fallsview resort after the Nevele was sold by the Slutsky family in 1997. President Lyndon B. Johnson once stayed at the Nevele, to dedicate a new hospital in Ellenville in 1966. By 2006 the Nevele Grande had fallen on hard times and the Fallsview property was sold. The Fallsview has since reopened as the Honors Haven Resort and Spa. The original Nevele property, containing a distinctive high-rise, remained open for several years after the split as the Nevele Grande resort. Owners Mitchell Wolff and Joel Hoffman struggled financially and failed to pay taxes and eventually shut down the resort without notice after the 2009 Fourth of July weekend.
On September 1, 2009, an auction of the property was cancelled the day before it was to occur because a buyer was allegedly found. However, by the time the auction was scheduled the property had fallen into a state of disrepair, including "musty staircases and rooms, big and small, with odd smells wafting out of them." The hotel remained unsold months later, although Hoffman was still attempting to generate revenue with a deal to sell timber on of property. He also renewed an agreement to let Nextel put cell phone antennas atop one of the buildings.
On March 26, 2010, New York State Supreme Court Judge Mary Work granted Wolff ownership of the hotel in light of Hoffman's failure to pay Wolff an earlier $2m judgment. The initial dispute arose when Wolff sold Hoffman 99% control of the hotel in exchange for lifetime health benefits, a deal on which Hoffman almost immediately reneged. Judge Work described Hoffman's mismanagement of the hotel "staggering," and upbraided him in court for failure to be forthcoming.
In May 2012, Nevele Investors LLC, a subsidiary of Claremont Partners Ltd., which had purchased the resort, announced that the Nevele Grande would undergo a $500 million redevelopment to turn it into a resort and casino, subject to approval of state legislation to allow casino gaming. The 1966 tower and entrance lobby, ice skating rink, and golf course would be retained in the new complex. Although the state rejected the proposal to bring gambling to the project in 2014, a developer planned to incorporate the hotel into new mega sports complex with construction to begin in 2017. In March 2019, the developer said that funding had not been secured and that there was no timetable regarding the future. This plan never materialized and the property continued to deteriorate. As of January 2022 a New York-based property developer was proposing to redevelop the site for hotel and residential use.
Description
The Nevele is located in a valley just to the west of the Shawangunk Mountains, between two small lakes. The complex is dominated by the Nevele Tower at the main entrance drive. The Empire Wing is to the east and contains the main lobby. The Stardust and Safari Lounges connect the tower and the Empire wing. Other wings include the Colonnades and the Pennsylvanian. Conference facilities, unusually extensive for a Catskills resort, surrounded the guest wings. The Nevele had a total of 430 rooms at its height. Renovations in the 1990s have obscured the notable design features of the 1960s interiors. The Waikiki Indoor pool and health club are the easternmost components, beyond which lie the ski chalet and ski slope. The 1970 ice skating rink was designed by Dennis Jurow using glulam wood beams that sweep upward to a line of skylights. The resort also included an 18-hole golf course, with nine more holes available on the Fallsview resort, designed by Robert Trent Jones and Tom Fazio.
See also
References
External links
Nevele Grande Resort and Country Club website
Hotels in New York (state)
Buildings and structures in Ulster County, New York
Golf clubs and courses in New York (state)
Wawarsing, New York
Borscht Belt
Defunct hotels in New York (state)
Skyscraper hotels in New York (state)
Skyscrapers in New York (state)
Hotels established in 1903
Hotels disestablished in 2009
The Law Officers Act 1997 is an Act of Parliament which allowed the Attorney General for England and Wales and for Northern Ireland to delegate powers to the Solicitor General for England and Wales. Previously, the Solicitor General was separately and explicitly granted some of the same powers of the Attorney General. This Act effectively made the Solicitor General an agent of the Attorney General.
Overview
Section 1
This section allows the Solicitor General to do things in the name of the Attorney General, effectively allowing them to delegate powers to the Solicitor General.
Section 2
This section effectively extends Section 1's provisions to Northern Ireland. Since 2010, the Attorney General for England and Wales is the Advocate General for Northern Ireland, and these provisions have been exercised by them.
Section 3
This section enacts certain repeals which explicitly granted the Solicitor General powers of the Attorney General, and sets a date for the Act to commence.
See also
Attorney General for England and Wales
Advocate General for Northern Ireland
Solicitor General for England and Wales
Law of the United Kingdom
References
External links
Text of the Act as amended
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1997
Law Officers of the Crown in the United Kingdom
1997 in British law
Jean Pierre Marie Olivier Germain Defraigne (; 19 April 1929 – 15 March 2016) was a Belgian liberal politician and minister for the Liberal Reformist Party (PRL).
Career
Defraigne graduated as a doctor in law at the Université de Liège and was a lawyer and alderman in Liège. He was member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives (1965–1974 and 1977–1989) and senator in the Belgian Senate (1974–1977) for the PRL and was President (1981–1988) of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives of public work (1974–1976). In 1983, Jean Defraigne was appointed as minister of state. From 1989 to 1994 Defraigne served as a Member of the European Parliament, where he sat with the Liberal, Democrat and Reformist Group.
Sources
Ministries, etc.
Gouvernement Leo Tindemans II (11.06.1974 – 4.03.1977)
|-
1929 births
2016 deaths
Belgian Ministers of State
People from Roosendaal
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
University of Liège alumni
Walloon movement activists
Walloon people
MEPs for Belgium 1989–1994
In linear algebra, two rectangular m-by-n matrices A and B are called equivalent if
for some invertible n-by-n matrix P and some invertible m-by-m matrix Q. Equivalent matrices represent the same linear transformation V → W under two different choices of a pair of bases of V and W, with P and Q being the change of basis matrices in V and W respectively.
The notion of equivalence should not be confused with that of similarity, which is only defined for square matrices, and is much more restrictive (similar matrices are certainly equivalent, but equivalent square matrices need not be similar). That notion corresponds to matrices representing the same endomorphism V → V under two different choices of a single basis of V, used both for initial vectors and their images.
Properties
Matrix equivalence is an equivalence relation on the space of rectangular matrices.
For two rectangular matrices of the same size, their equivalence can also be characterized by the following conditions
The matrices can be transformed into one another by a combination of elementary row and column operations.
Two matrices are equivalent if and only if they have the same rank.
Canonical form
The rank property yields an intuitive canonical form for matrices of the equivalence class of rank as
,
where the number of s on the diagonal is equal to . This is a special case of the Smith normal form, which generalizes this concept on vector spaces to free modules over principal ideal domains.
See also
Matrix similarity
Row equivalence
Matrix congruence
Matrices
Equivalence (mathematics)
Christian Stangl (; born July 10, 1966 in Landl, Austria) is an Austrian alpine style mountaineer and mountain guide. He has become known as Skyrunner by numerous exceptionally fast ascents of high mountains. His major success was in 2013, when he became the first person to ascend the three highest mountains on all seven continents, the so-called Triple Seven Summits.
On January 15, 2013, he was the first person to ascent the Seven Second Summits, the second highest peaks of all seven continents.
On August 23, 2013, after climbing Shkhara (5193m), he became the first person to have reached the third highest peaks on all seven continents. Because of measurement and definition issues Stangl climbed 30 peaks instead of only 21 to avoid any inaccuracy and misconception. On September 17, 2013, his achievement was certified by Guinness World Records in London.
Early career
Christian Stangl was born in 1966 in Landl (Styria), in the east of the Gesäuse National Park. After finishing school, he completed his education as an electrical engineer in a Higher Technical Institute. When he was 16, he began climbing and ventured into solo climbing, speed climbing, enchainment and winter climbing in the Alps.
In 1990, he began high-altitude mountaineering in the Andes and the Himalaya. In 1991, during an attempt to climb a new route in the south wall of the 7285m high Baintha Brakk, he was seriously injured in an avalanche. In 1998, Stangl reached the Shishapangma, his first 8000er via the southwest face, the so-called "British Route".
In 1995, Stangl started speed climbing ("skyrunning") the high Andes peaks. In the following years he succeeded in his first series of skyruns, reaching nine 6000ers within 18 days. Over the next few years, he successfully completed several other challenges in the Andes: Ten 6000ers within 7 days (2005), three 6000ers within one day (2006), and four 6000ers within one day (2008).
Seven summits speed climbing
In 2001, he succeeded in a solo climb of Cho Oyu. At 7000m his new route meets the 1954 Tichy-Route.
In 2005 he did ABC (Tibet) to the top in 16 hours and 42 minutes in 2005, in league with the fastest times for this type of route.
In 2008, Stangl became famous after completing his speed climbing series of the Seven Summits. For reaching all seven summits it took him 58 hours and 45 minutes.
Specific times for single ascents:
Mount Everest: 16:42
Aconcagua: 4:25
Denali: 16:45
Elbrus: 5:18
Kilimanjaro: 5:36
Mount Vinson: 9:10
Carstensz Pyramid: 0:49
At the same time, he set new records for climbing Aconcagua, Elbrus, Mount Vinson and Carstensz Pyramid. The film The Skyrunner (2007) deals with Stangl's 49-minute record ascent of the Carstensz Pyramid.
Second Seven Summits
As a continuation of the Seven Summits speed-project Stangl pursued the goal of skyrunning up the second highest peaks of each continent, the so-called Seven Second Summits, with the vision of being the first person to complete the Seven Summits as well as the Seven Second Summits. In 2008, Stangl undertook his first expedition to K2, the second highest mountain of Asia (8611m). After the death of 11 mountaineers in an ice avalanche at the Bottleneck (approx. 8200m), Stangl, as well as most of the other mountaineers, aborted the expedition (see 2008 K2 disaster). In the same year, Stangl took part in an extensive Antarctica expedition and went up Mount Vinson, Mount Shinn and Mount Gardner again, and attempted to climb the north face of Mount Tyree.
In 2009, he managed to ascent Mount Kenya (Batian peak) (5199m) in Africa and Dychtau (5224m) in the Caucasus region. Besides, he made a second summit attempt of K2 as part of an international team. At about 8300m, waist-deep snow prevented their success.
In 2010, Stangl climbed Puncak Trikora (4730m) in Oceania. He then ascended the second highest peak in North America, the 5959m high Mount Logan in Canada, and subsequently went to the Karakoram in order to climb K2. On August 10, he started another summit attempt from the basecamp. On August 12, he stated to have reached the summit. Shortly after, people raised doubts about his account. At a press conference, on September 12, he admitted that he did not actually reach the summit of K2. This sparked off a big scandal in German-speaking media.
In January 2013, Stangl finally succeeded in climbing all Second Seven Summits.
Triple Seven Summits
In the aftermath of K2-scandal, Stangl underwent a fundamental change of mindset and stayed out of the limelight. Nevertheless, after an interruption of his mountaineering activities, he continued to climb the peaks of the seven continents. He expanded his plan of climbing the Seven Second Summits and planned to become the first person to ever climb the three highest mountains of each continent, the so-called Triple Seven Summits. This made him turn away from speed climbing. Now, to be more effective, he put emphasis on precise documentation of his activities, using photos, videos, and GPS tracking. In Spring 2011, Stangl cycled from the Indian ocean to the Himalayas on a simple military bicycle, then walked for 11 days to the base camp of Kangchenjunga (8586m) and then, after a total of 76 days, reached the summit of the third highest mountain of Asia. In summer 2011, he went to K2 again, but as in the years before, since 2008, also in this season, not a single climber could reach the summit on the Pakistani side of the mountain.
For the end of 2011, Stangl planned an expedition to Mount Tyree (4852m) to climb the second highest mountain of Antarctica. As for Stangl, climbing the Seven Second Summits became a milestone along the way climbling the world's 21 highest mountains. He invited his competitor from South Tyrol, Hans Kammerlander to climb Mount Tyree with him. On January 3, 2012, all three expedition members, Stangl, Kammerlander and the Austrian Robert Miller reached the peak of Mount Tyree via the east wall and the northeast ridge.
In the summer of 2012, Stangl started a new expedition to K2 at which the conditions were considerably better than in the years before. Late in the evening of July 12, Stangl and his fellow polish climber Adam Bielecki, started their crucial ascent from base camp III (7400m) and reached the peak of the second highest mountain in the world at around 16:00. The climbers completed the climb successfully without any bottled oxygen and returned to base camp III 23 hours later.
After the success of ascending K2, Stangl was now able to concentrate on the outstanding mountains of his Triple Seven Summits project. In January 2013, Stangl climbed Sumantri (4870m) in Oceania, as well as the three highest mountains of mainland Australia, Mount Kosciuszko (2228m), Mount Townsend (2209m), and Mount Twynam (2195m) in the Snowy Mountains and in New South Wales, in order to ascend the highest peaks according to the Bass list. For the completion of the project, Stangl travelled to the Kaukasus region to climb the 5193m high Shkara via the south face on August 23, 2013, together with the Georgian Archil Badriashvili and the Austrian Michael Haidn. The third highest mountain in Europe was the last of the Triple Seven Summits.
Subsequently, Stangl's success was approved by the chronicler Eberhard Jurgalski, the expert commission of the Guinness World Records and numerous other alpine journalists.
The Guinness World Records awarded Stangl three Alpine records:
The first person to successfully climb the "Triple Seven Summits" (within seven years – Mount Everest 2006 – Shkhara 2013)
The first person to successfully climb the "Seven Second Summits" (within six years – Ojos del Salado 2007 – Sumantri 2013)
The first person to successfully climb the "Seven Third Summits" (within five years – Mount Shinn 2008 – Shkhara 2013)
Table of the Triple Seven Summits
The table shows the key data of the ascents of the Triple Seven Summits project. It is mainly based upon a list of Eberhard Jurgalski, created 2013. The numbering shows more than the actual 21 mountains, acknowledging two different lists of alpinistic tradition, the Bass version (B), and more challenging Messner version (M).
In addition to the 21 mountains of the Messner version, Stangl ascended further nine summits on three continents to also meet the requirements of the Bass version. This includes ascending the three highest peaks of Australian mainland Mount Ksciuszko, Mount Townsend and Mount Twynam. In course of the project, he anew climbed the three highest peaks of the Alps, Mont Blanc (4,810 m), Dufourspitze (4,634 m), and Dom (4,545 m), in 2013. According to one of multiple acknowledged scholarly opinions, the border between Europe and Asia is to be located north of the Caucasus, alongside the Kuma–Manych Depression. Considering that, the Alps would be the highest mountain range of Europe, making Mont Blanc, Dufourspitze and Dom the highest summits of the continent. Due to potential uncertainties regarding the measurement accuracy of altitudes, Stangl also climbed three additional mountains, Ngga Pulu (2007) und Puncak Trikora (2010) in Oceania, and Rwenzori (Margherita Peak) in Africa (2012).
Further ventures / personal life
Since younger days, Christian Stangl undertakes extended bicycle treks. In 1985, he cycled across the Alps in 28 days, climbing Matterhorn, Mont Blanc, Eiger, Piz Palü, Cevedale, Königsspitze, and Ortler, on the way. In 2005, he traversed Atacama desert solo, north to south, covering a distance of 900 kilometers. For training matters, Stangl goes for long bicycle treks, for instance cycling from Admont to Gibraltar within 21 days, in 2001. In course of the Triple Seven Summits project, he rode from Austria to the Caucasus and back, carrying the entire expedition luggage.
Christian Stangl now lives in Hall bei Admont, and works as state-approved mountain guide and project manager. He gives speeches and does presentations about his mountaineering ventures, and holds special workshops for executives.
Books
References
External links
www.skyrunning.at Stangl's website
bergfuehrer-stangl.com Stangl's mountain guide website (German)
The Skyrunner European Outdoor Film Tour 2007/08
1966 births
Living people
Austrian mountain climbers
Austrian summiters of Mount Everest
Senator McCall may refer to:
Carl McCall (born 1935), New York State Senate
James McCall (politician) (1774–1856), New York State Senate
John T. McCall (1863–1950), New York State Senate
Imma cymbalodes is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Assam, India.
The wingspan is 18–21 mm. The forewings are rather dark ochreous fuscous with an ochreous-yellow basal patch occupying two-fifths of the wing, the base partially suffused with fuscous, the outer edge straight. An ochreous-yellowish dot is found on the costa at two-thirds and there is an indistinct streak of ochreous-yellowish suffusion around the apex. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Homothallic refers to the possession, within a single organism, of the resources to reproduce sexually; i.e., having male and female reproductive structures on the same thallus. The opposite sexual functions are performed by different cells of a single mycelium.
It can be contrasted to heterothallic.
It is often used to categorize fungi. In yeast, heterothallic cells have mating types a and α. An experienced mother cell (one that has divided at least once) will switch mating type every cell division cycle because of the HO allele.
Sexual reproduction commonly occurs in two fundamentally different ways in fungi. These are outcrossing (in heterothallic fungi) in which two different individuals contribute nuclei to form a zygote, and self-fertilization or selfing (in homothallic fungi) in which both nuclei are derived from the same individual. Homothallism in fungi can be defined as the capability of an individual spore to produce a sexually reproducing colony when propagated in isolation. Homothallism occurs in fungi by a wide variety of genetically distinct mechanisms that all result in sexually reproducing cultures from a single cell.
Among the 250 known species of aspergilli, about 36% have an identified sexual state. Among those Aspergillus species for which a sexual cycle has been observed, the majority in nature are homothallic (self-fertilizing). Selfing in the homothallic fungus Aspergillus nidulans involves activation of the same mating pathways characteristic of sex in outcrossing species, i.e. self-fertilization does not bypass required pathways for outcrossing sex but instead requires activation of these pathways within a single individual. Fusion of haploid nuclei occurs within reproductive structures termed cleistothecia, in which the diploid zygote undergoes meiotic divisions to yield haploid ascospores.
Several ascomycete fungal species of the genus Cochliobolus (C. luttrellii, C. cymbopogonis, C. kusanoi and C. homomorphus) are homothallic. The ascomycete fungus Pneumocystis jirovecii is considered to be primarily homothallic. The ascomycete fungus Neosartorya fischeri is also homothallic.
A lichen is a composite organism consisting of a fungus and a photosynthetic partner that are growing together in a symbiotic relationship. The photosynthetic partner is usually either a green alga or a cyanobacterium. Lichens occur in some of the most extreme environments on Earth—arctic tundra, hot deserts, rocky coasts, and toxic slag heaps. Most lichenized fungi produce abundant sexual structures and in many species sexual spores appear to be the only means of dispersal (Murtagh et al., 2000). The lichens Graphis scripta and Ochrolechia parella do not produce symbiotic vegetative propagules. Rather the lichen-forming fungi of these species reproduce sexually by self-fertilization (i.e. they are homothallic), and it was proposed that this breeding system allows successful reproduction in harsh environments (Murtagh et al., 2000).
Homothallism appears to be common in natural populations of fungi. Although self-fertilization employs meiosis, it produces minimal genetic variability. Homothallism is thus a form of sex that is unlikely to be adaptively maintained by a benefit related to producing variability. However, homothallic meiosis may be maintained in fungi as an adaptation for surviving stressful conditions; a proposed benefit of meiosis is the promoted homologous meiotic recombinational repair of DNA damages that are ordinarily caused by a stressful environment.
Evolution
Homothallism evolved repeatedly from heterothallism.
See also
Mating of yeast
References
External links
4 Growth and Life Cycles (of Yeast)
Reproduction
Mycology
The Grão-Pará Ecological Station ( is a strictly protected ecological station in the state of Pará, Brazil.
It managed by the state of Pará. With of well-preserved Amazon rainforest it is the largest fully protected tropical forest conservation unit in the world.
Location
The Grão-Pará Ecological Station is on the left bank of the Amazon River in the west of the state of Pará.
It contains parts of the basins of the Maicuru, Curuá, Cuminapanema, Erepecuru, Trombetas and Mapuera rivers.
It has an area of , which makes it the largest fully protected tropical forest conservation unit on the planet.
The unit covers parts of the municipalities of Oriximiná (75.89%), Alenquer (13.31%), Óbidos (7.36%) and Monte Alegre (3.44%).
Its boundaries are:
North: Tumucumaque Mountains National Park and Guyana.
East: Tumucumaque National Park Indian Territory, Rio Paru D'Este Indian Territory and Maicuru Biological Reserve.
South: Trombetas-Mapuera Indian Territory, Trombetas State Forest, Zo'é Indian Territory and Paru State Forest.
West: State of Roraima.
History
The Grão-Pará Ecological Station was established by state decree 2609 of 4 December 2006, signed by the state governor Simão Jatene.
The unit was announced by Jatene in a ceremony that announced nine conservation areas, mostly in northern Pará that occupy a total of about . Others included the Maicuru Biological Reserve, the Paru, Trombetas, Faro and Iriri state forests and the Triunfo do Xingu Environmental Protection Area.
Creation of the protected areas was expected to reduce deforestation, mining and consequent mercury contamination of water, poaching, irregular farming and other threats.
Within two months of creation of the strictly protected unit it was reported that the Rio Tinto mining company was seeking approval to have excluded from the unit. The miner had been prospecting for bauxite near the headwaters of the Curuá River, and thought there might be a huge deposit.
It seemed unlikely that the permission would be given since this would throw into doubt the state's entire environmental plan.
In 2007, the Pará Secretary of State for the Environment signed a Term of Technical Cooperation with the Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi, Forest Development Institute of Pará, Institute of Man and Environment, Conservation International and the German Technical Cooperation Agency.
These institutions worked together to develop the management plan for the implementation of the reserve, published in 2011.
The Management Plan is based on the general objectives for a conservation unit, and establishes standards for use of the area and management of natural resources, including implementation of the physical structures needed to manage the unit.
Environment
The Grão-Pará Ecological Station covers dissected plateaus with altitudes from .
Most of the region has altitudes of .
The lowest areas are in the north near the Trombetas River, while the highest are in the northwest in the Serra do Acari region at and in the southern portion at .
The terrain is rugged, with no access roads or fully navigable rivers.
The unit can be reached only by helicopter or light air plane using improvised landing strips.
It is known that indigenous people access it through the Trombetas and Erepecuru river regions.
The Grão-Pará Ecological Station is in the Amazon biome.
It has a tropical monsoon climate.
Temperatures range from and are usually between .
Average annual rainfall is from , with the heaviest rains on the December–May period when monthly precipitation is .
Even in the driest months rainfall is above .
The unit contains parts of two sub-basins of the Amazon River, the Nhamundá-Trombetas basin and the Cuminapanema-Maicuru sub-basin.
The main rivers of the unit have combined lengths of .
The unit is mostly covered with dense submontane rainforest (89.43%) or transitional forest (8.9%), with small areas of cerrado (0.79%) and dense alluvial rainforest (0.01%).
Known numbers of species include 125 fish, 62 amphibians, 68 reptiles, 355 birds, 61 mammals, 125 ferns and 653 flowering plants.
The natural resources are well preserved.
Conservation
The Grão-Pará Ecological Station allows only indirect use of its natural resources, and has the specific purpose of conserving nature and supporting scientific research.
Public visits are prohibited except for educational purposes subject to the Management Plan, and scientific research requires prior permission of SEMA/PA.
It lies entirely within the Pará Northern Corridor Full Protection Zone (Zona de Proteção Integral da Calha Norte Paraense).
With the other protected areas and indigenous lands in the region it connects the Central Amazon Ecological Corridor to the west with the Amapá corridor to the east.
The conservation unit is supported by the Amazon Region Protected Areas Program.
Notes
Sources
2006 establishments in Brazil
Protected areas of Pará
Ecological stations of Brazil
Protected areas established in 2006
Mohamad Hassan Hammoud (; born 20 April 1980) is a Lebanese football coach and former player who is the goalkeeper coach of Ahed's youth setup.
Club career
On 28 June 2020, Hammoud joined Bourj on a two-year contract from Ahed. On 7 October 2020, Bourj decided to suspend Hammoud indefinitely from the squad, due to an altercation with the team's goalkeeper coach. Bourj fans criticized Hammoud for seemingly throwing the game in their 3–2 defeat to Ahed.
On 20 April 2022, Hammoud played his only game of the 2021–22 season for Ahed on his 42nd birthday, captaining his side in a 3–0 win against Shabab Sahel.
Managerial career
On 8 July 2021, Hammoud was appointed goalkeeper coach of Ahed's youth setup.
Honours
Ahed
AFC Cup: 2019
Lebanese Premier League: 2014–15, 2016–17, 2017–18, 2018–19, 2021–22
Lebanese FA Cup: 2017–18, 2018–19
Lebanese Elite Cup: 2013, 2015
Lebanese Super Cup: 2015, 2017, 2018, 2019
Individual
Lebanese Premier League Team of the Season: 2009–10, 2010–11, 2013–14, 2014–15
Lebanese Premier League Best Goalkeeper: 2006–07
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Beirut
Lebanese footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Lebanese Premier League players
Al Ahed FC players
Bourj FC players
Lebanon international footballers
Association football goalkeeping coaches
AFC Cup winning players
Faith is the third album by Hyde, released on April 26, 2006. The limited edition included a DVD with the music video for the two singles: "Countdown" and "Season's Call". The overseas version of the album was released on June 27, 2006. All songs were arranged by Hyde and K.A.Z, his future Vamps bandmate. It peaked at number 2 on the Oricon weekly chart.
Themes
The Western press has noted Faith for its lyrics' spiritual subject matter as the album contains references to Christianity. In an interview with the German dark music magazine Orkus, the interviewer asked Hyde: "What can we hear from your latest release?" Hyde replied:
Tour
A five-month tour promoting Faith was scheduled, beginning in April 2006. Most locations are in Japan; however, after Hyde and Itachi signed on with Sony's North American-based Tofu Records, two concerts in the United States were added to the line up.
The first concert announced was scheduled for July 5, 2006, located in San Francisco, California. Shortly after tickets sold out for the event, a second concert was confirmed to be held July 2, in Anaheim, California. In the end, two US concerts as well as an appearance for a question and answer session in Anaheim at the anime convention Anime Expo, were added to Hyde's mini US tour.
Track listing
Personnel
Hyde – vocals, guitars, arranger, production, songwriter, mastering
Craig Adams - bass guitar (tracks 2, 5)
Sean Beavan – mixing
Brian Gardner – mastering
Scott Garrett – drums
Lynne Hobday – vocals (tracks 7, 10)
Steven Johson – production
K.A.Z – production, songwriter
Shinya "Robot" Kishiro – production
Kouichi Kobayashi – photography
Keiji Kondo – engineering
Stoeps Langensteiner – photography
Danny Lohner – bass guitar (tracks 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10)
Koichi Matsuoka "Dentsu" – art direction
Satoshi Mishiba – piano (track 1)
Michihiko Nakayama – executive producer
Motiki Ohashi – art direction, design
Takao Saiki – production
Takayuki Saito – engineering
Naoto Tanemura – engineering
George Tetsumoto – production
Osami Yabuta – photography
Kazuhiro Yoneda – photography
References
2006 albums
Hyde (musician) albums
Chloe Noelle Magee (born 29 November 1988) is an Irish professional badminton player. She represented her country at the Olympic Games for three consecutive times in 2008 Beijing, 2012 London, and 2016 Rio de Janeiro. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, she became the first Irish woman to win a badminton match at the Olympics. She has been described as "the poster girl for Irish badminton". Together with her brother Sam Magee, she clinched a bronze medal at the 2017 European Championships, became Ireland's first medal at the European Badminton Championship. The duo also captured the bronze medals at the 2015 and 2019 European Games.
Career
2007
In 2007, Magee won the women's doubles title at the Irish International Championships in Lisburn. Competing alongside Bing Huang, the pair beat second seeds Eva Lee and Mesinee Mangkalakiri of the United States 21–15, 9–21, 21–11 in the final.
2008 Summer Olympics
Magee competed for Ireland at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China at the age of 19. She became the first ever Irish woman to win a badminton match at the Olympics, beating Estonian Kati Tolmoff by a score of 18–21, 21–18, 21–19 in the first round of the women's singles. She was eliminated after losing her second round match 12–21, 14–21 to world number eleven Jun Jae-youn of South Korea. "I have loads to improve on and I will take away a lot from this," Magee said after the match.
2009
In 2009, Magee competed at the World Championships in Hyderabad, India, losing in the first round to Japanese number two Ai Goto by a score of 21–13, 21–9.
2012 Summer Olympics
Magee, ranked 44th in the world, qualified for the women's singles at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London as the 26 ranked player on the list of participants. She was one of two Irish badminton players at the Games; Scott Evans competed in the men's singles. Magee and her brother Sam, ranked 40th in the world as a pairing, were third reserves for the mixed doubles event.
In July 2012, Magee reached the final of the White Nights pre-Olympic tournament held in Russia. She beat Slovakian Monika Fasungova, 21–17, 20–22, 21–5, in the quarter-finals and Russia's Romina Gabdullina, 21–15, 17–21, 21–15, in the semi-finals but finished runner-up after losing to Poland's Kamila Augustyn, 21–19, 14–21, 14–21, despite having a 10–6 lead in the final set.
A slight schedule change led to Magee starting her 2012 Olympic campaign against Egypt's Hadia Hosny at 20.17 (29 July) and France's Hongyan Pi at 20.32 (30 July).
Bill O'Herlihy sparked controversy while covering Chloe Magee's progress at the 2012 Summer Olympics by suggesting badminton was "a mainly Protestant sport". RTÉ confirmed it received complaints about O'Herlihy's sectarian remarks on live television. The remarks prompted Magee to inform Highland Radio: "We need to remember what the Olympics is all about. I don't think it is any different from any other sport. There are people here from all over the world and from many different religions."
She lost 16–21, 21–18, 21–14, to Hongyan Pi and exited the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In December 2012, Magee reached the final of the Turkish Open.
2016 Summer Olympics
In Rio，she lost the game to Chinese player Wang Yihan in Group P 7-21 and 12–21 and to Karin Schnaase by 14–21 and 19–21, placing third in her group.
Achievements
European Games
Mixed doubles
European Championships
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Women's singles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Women's singles
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Raphoe
Sportspeople from County Donegal
Irish female badminton players
Badminton players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Ireland
Badminton players at the 2015 European Games
Badminton players at the 2019 European Games
European Games bronze medalists for Ireland
European Games medalists in badminton
Blessing Football Club is a Congolese football club based in Kolwezi, Lualaba province and currently playing in the Linafoot Ligue 1, the second level of the Congolese football.
References
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Football clubs in Lubumbashi
Goniagnathini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. Goniagnathini contains 4 genera and around 60 species. Of these, one new species, Goniagnathus cornutus was recently verified in China.
Genera
There are currently four described genera in Goniagnathini:
References
Deltocephalinae
Szajna is a Polish-language family name. The surname may refer to:
Józef Szajna (1922-2008), Polish set designer, director, play writer, theoretician of the theatre, painter and graphic artist
Jadwiga Szajna-Lewandowska (1912–1994), Polish pianist, music educator and composer
Janusz C. Szajna (born 1954), Polish entrepreneur and university professor
Polish-language surnames
Stadion Breite is a multi-purpose stadium in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. It is currently used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of FC Schaffhausen until they moved to LIPO Park Schaffhausen in 2017. The current capacity of the stadium is 7,300. The stadium has 1,028 covered seats, 262 uncovered seats and 6,010 standing places.
Breite
Buildings and structures in the canton of Schaffhausen
Multi-purpose stadiums in Switzerland
FC Schaffhausen
The Women's 50 metre breaststroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 21 and 22 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 21 May at 09:00.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 21 May at 16:23.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Swim-off
The Swim-off was held on 21 May at 18:32.
Final
The final was held on 22 May at 16:12.
References
Women's 50 metre breaststroke
2016 in women's swimming
This article details the qualifying phase for judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics. The competition at these Games will comprise a total of 386 athletes coming from their respective NOCs; each has been allowed to enter a maximum of 14 (seven each for both men and women per division). Host nation Brazil has reserved a spot in each of all 14 events, while twenty are made available to NOCs through a Tripartite Commission Invitation.
The remaining judoka must undergo a qualifying process to earn a spot for the Games through the world ranking list prepared by International Judo Federation that begins on May 30, 2014, and then concludes two years later on the same date.
The top 22 men and top 14 women from the world rankings in each division must directly qualify, ensuring that the NOC is subjected to a limit of 1 judoka per division. If an NOC contains more than a single male athlete ranked in the top 22 and a single female in the top 14 of the world ranking list, the NOC can decide which of their athletes obtain the quota places. Further continental quotas (Europe 25, Africa 24, Pan America 21, Asia 20 and Oceania 10 across both sexes and all divisions) are also subjected to an overall limit to one judoka per NOC and two judokas per division from each continent.
Summary
Men's events
Extra-lightweight (60 kg)
Half-lightweight (66 kg)
Lightweight (73 kg)
Half-middleweight (81 kg)
Middleweight (90 kg)
Half-heavyweight (100 kg)
Heavyweight (+100 kg)
Women's events
Extra-lightweight (48 kg)
Half-lightweight (52 kg)
Lightweight (57 kg)
Half-middleweight (63 kg)
Middleweight (70 kg)
Half-heavyweight (78 kg)
Heavyweight (+78 kg)
Notes
References
Qualification for the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
Olympics, Qualification
Qualification
Marja may refer to:
Marja (name), a Finnish and Dutch female given name
Marjah, Afghanistan, an unincorporated agricultural district in Nad Ali District, Helmand Province
Marja', a Shia authority
See also
Maarja, a given name
Sir William Gillow Gibbes Austen Young (born 14 April 1952) was a Supreme Court Judge, former President of the Court of Appeal of New Zealand, and, briefly, a judge of the Dubai International Financial Centre Courts. He was appointed to the Supreme Court by Attorney-General Chris Finlayson in June 2010, taking effect from 1 July.
Early life, family, and early career
Born in Christchurch on 14 April 1952, Young was educated at Christ's College, University of Canterbury (LLB (Hons) in 1974) and University of Cambridge (PhD) in the United Kingdom with a thesis Duress and abuse of inequality of bargaining position. In 1979, he and his wife, Susan, were married, and they went on to have three children.
After obtaining his PhD, Young worked in the Christchurch law firm R A Young Hunter & Co, before moving to the independent bar to become a barrister sole in 1988. Young was made a Queen's Counsel in 1991 and acted in several high-profile cases, including the Winebox Inquiry of the 1990s.
Judge
Young was appointed a High Court Judge in Christchurch in 1997, a Court of Appeal Judge when the Supreme Court was created in 2004, and to the position of President in January 2006. Young was appointed a Judge of the Supreme Court with effect from 1 July 2010. Young in R v Wanhalla described model jury directions in a criminal trial on the standard of proof required.
In the 2007 Queen's Birthday Honours, Young was appointed a Distinguished Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services as president of the Court of Appeal. In 2009, following the restoration of titular honours by the New Zealand government, he accepted redesignation as a Knight Companion.
Young was appointed a judge of the Dubai International Financial Centre Courts in July 2022, but resigned less than a month later citing the risk of 'adverse perceptions' in light of concerns raised by human rights campaigners about foreign judicial appointments allegedly being used to legitimise the United Arab Emirates political regime.
Non-judicial involvement
While a barrister, Young was involved with the New Zealand Law Society educational programme and, since appointment to the bench, with the Institute of Judicial Studies, being the primary author of its Criminal Jury Trials Bench Book. He wrote "Summing Up to Juries – What Jury Research says about Current Rules and Practice" [2003] Crim LR 665 and co-authored a chapter in Witness Testimony: Psychological, Investigative and Evidential Perspectives (Oxford University Press 26 October 2006).
References
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Court of Appeal of New Zealand judges
Knights Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit
University of Canterbury alumni
1952 births
Living people
20th-century New Zealand judges
People educated at Christ's College, Christchurch
Supreme Court of New Zealand judges
New Zealand Queen's Counsel
New Zealand writers
21st-century New Zealand judges
Kwadi was a "click language" once spoken in the southwest corner of Angola. It went extinct some time around 1960. There were only fifty Kwadi in the 1950s, of whom only 4–5 were competent speakers of the language. Three partial speakers were known in 1965, but in 1981 no speakers could be found.
Although Kwadi is poorly attested, there is enough data to show that it is a divergent member of the Khoe family, or perhaps cognate with the Khoe languages in a Khoe–Kwadi family. It preserved elements of proto-Khoe that were lost in the western Khoe languages under the influence of Kxʼa languages in Botswana, and other elements that were lost in the eastern Khoe languages.
The Kwadi people, called Kwepe (Cuepe) by the Bantu, appear to have been a remnant population of southwestern African hunter-gatherers, otherwise only represented by the Cimba, Kwisi, and the Damara, who adopted the Khoekhoe language. Like the Kwisi they were fishermen, on the lower reaches of the Coroca River.
Kwadi was alternatively known by varieties of the words Koroka (Ba-koroka, Curoca, Ma-koroko, Mu-coroca) and Cuanhoca.
Phonology
Vowels
Kwadi had at least the oral vowels , with phonetic possibly either a free variant of or a surface realization of . It had at least the nasal vowels . Phonetic frequently appear to be free variants of , though it's possible that a phonemic derives from historical .
Tones
The tone system is unclear, due to limited data and to the poor quality of recordings. At least two tones (high and low) are necessary to explain that data:
'dog', 'fish'
'meat', 'man, male'
Consonants
The following consonants are attested. It's not clear that all are phonemic; for example are likely to be allophones, while a distinction might have been lost by the time of the last recordings.
is a ǃKung loan. Consonants in parentheses derive from Bantu loans. Intervocalic also occur in Bantu loans.
Only dental clicks remain. Proto-Khoe--Kwadi *ǃ, *ǂ, *ǁ are replaced with non-click consonants such as .
Morphology
Pronouns
Kwadi has personal pronouns for first and second person in singular, dual, and plural numbers. Pronouns have subject, object, and possessive cases. 1st person plural may have distinguished clusivity. Object pronouns are suffixed with -le/-de, except for the first person dual object pronoun, which is just mu. Possessive pronouns are the same as the subject form, except for the first-person singular possessive pronoun, which is tʃi. Third-person pronouns are simply the demonstratives, which are formed with a demonstrative base ha- followed by a gender/number suffix.
The known possessive pronouns are tʃi 'my' and ha 'his'. From the Khoe languages, it's not expected that all pronouns have distinctive possessive forms.
Nouns
Kwadi nouns distinguished three genders (masculine, feminine, and common), as well as three numbers (singular, dual, and plural). Some nouns form their plural with suppletion. For example: tçe "woman" vs. tala kwaʼe "women". The attested paradigm of nominal suffixes for masculine and feminine nouns is given below.
See also
Kwisi people
References
External links
Kwadi basic lexicon at the Global Lexicostatistical Database
Khoe–Kwadi languages
Languages of Angola
Extinct languages of Africa
Languages extinct in the 1950s
Unclassified languages of Africa
Rize Atatürk Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium in Rize, Turkey. It was used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Çaykur Rizespor.
The stadium held 10,459 people.
Notes and references
Football venues in Turkey
Sports venues in Rize
Multi-purpose stadiums in Turkey
A local shared object (LSO), commonly called a Flash cookie (due to its similarity with an HTTP cookie), is a piece of data that websites that use Adobe Flash may store on a user's computer. Local shared objects have been used by all versions of Flash Player (developed by Macromedia, which was later acquired by Adobe Systems) since version 6.
Flash cookies, which can be stored or retrieved whenever a user accesses a page containing a Flash application, are a form of local storage. Similar to cookies, they can be used to store user preferences, save data from Flash games, or track users' Internet activity. LSOs have been criticised as a breach of browser security, but there are now browser settings and addons to limit the duration of their storage.
Storage
Local shared objects contain data stored by individual websites. Data is stored in the Action Message Format. With the default settings, the Flash Player does not seek the user's permission to store local shared objects on the hard disk. By default, an SWF application running in Flash Player from version 9 to 11 (as of Sept 1, 2011) may store up to of data to the user's hard drive. If the application attempts to store more, a dialog asks the user whether to allow or deny the request.
Adobe Flash Player does not allow third-party local shared objects to be shared across domains. For example, a local shared object from "www.example.com" cannot be read by the domain "www.example.net". However, the first-party website can always pass data to a third party via some settings found in the dedicated XML file and passing the data in the request to the third party. Also, third-party LSOs are allowed to store data by default. By default, LSO data is shared across browsers on the same machine. As an example:
A visitor accesses a site using their Firefox browser, then views a page displaying a specific product, then closes the Firefox browser, the information about that product can be stored in the LSO.
If that same visitor, using the same machine now opens an Internet Explorer browser and visits any page from the site viewed in Firefox, the site can read the LSO value(s) in the Internet Explorer browser, and display dynamic content or otherwise target the visitor.
This is distinct from cookies which have directory isolated storage paths for saved cookies while LSOs use a common directory path for all browsers on a single machine.
Application to games
Flash games may use LSO files to store the user's personal game data, such as user preferences and actual game progress. Backing up files such as This requires some technical understanding of software. However, both browser updates and programs designed to remove unused files may delete this data.
To prevent cheating, games may be designed to render LSO files unusable if acquired from another location.
Privacy concerns
As with HTTP cookies, local shared objects can be used by websites to collect information on how people navigate them, although users have taken steps to restrict data collection. Online banks, merchants, or advertisers may use local shared objects for tracking purposes.
On 10 August 2009, Wired magazine reported that more than half of the top websites used local shared objects to track users and store information about them, but only four of them mentioned it in their privacy policy. "Flash cookies are relatively unknown to web users," the article said, "even if a user thinks they have cleared their computer of tracking objects, they most likely have not." The article further says that some websites use Flash cookies as hidden backups so that they can restore HTTP cookies deleted by users.
According to the New York Times, by July 2010 there had been at least five class-action lawsuits in the United States against media companies for using local shared objects.
In certain countries, it is illegal to track users without their knowledge and consent. For example, in the United Kingdom, customers must consent to the use of cookies/local shared objects:
Local shared objects were the first subject to be discussed in the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) roundtable in January 2010. FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz has been talking with Adobe about what it describes as "the Flash problem."
User control
Users can disable local shared objects using the Global Storage Settings panel of the online Settings Manager at Adobe's website. However, this places a permanent flash cookie on the computer, informing all other websites that the user does not want flash cookies stored on their computer. Users can opt out of LSOs from specified sites from Flash Player's "Settings", accessed by right-clicking the Player, or using the Website Storage Settings panel; the latter also allows users to delete local shared objects.
Users may also delete local shared objects either manually or using third-party software. For instance, CCleaner, a standalone computer program for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X, allows users to delete local shared objects on demand. There is also a Firefox add-on, Clear Flash Cookies, which will automatically clear out all LSOs each time the browser is restarted.
Since version 10.3 of Flash, the Online Settings Manager (letting users configure privacy and security permissions via Adobe's website) is superseded by the Local Settings Manager on Windows, Mac, and Linux platforms. It can be accessed via the Windows Control Panel or macOS System Preferences. Users of other operating systems still use the Adobe Online Settings Manager. Since at least April 2012 (v 11.2.202.233), updating by downloading a new Flash version resets the security and privacy settings to the defaults of allowing local storage and asking for media access again, which may be against users' wishes.
Browser control
Browser control refers to the web browser's ability to delete local shared objects and to prevent the creation of persistent local shared objects when privacy mode is enabled. As for the former, Internet Explorer 8, released on March 19, 2009, implements an API that allows browser extensions to co-operate with the browser and delete their persistent data stored when user issues a Delete Browsing History command. However, two years passed since its introduction until Adobe, on March 7, 2011, announced that Flash Player v10.3, which was still in development at the time, supports co-operating with Internet Explorer 8 or later to delete local shared objects.
Also on January 5, 2011, Adobe Systems, Google Inc., and Mozilla Foundation finalized a new browser API (dubbed NPAPI ClearSiteData). This will allow browsers implementing the API to clear local shared objects. Four months later, Adobe announced that Flash Player 10.3 enables Mozilla Firefox 4 and "future releases of Apple Safari and Google Chrome" to delete local shared objects, so since version 4, Firefox treats LSOs the same way as HTTP cookies - deletion rules that previously applied only to HTTP cookies now also apply to LSOs. This caused loss of data and backward-incompatible flash application behavior for those Firefox and Flash users who used HTTP cookies and Flash local shared objects for different goals. Mainly this affected flash gamers, who rely on Flash LSOs to store saved games. The resulting support requests cannot be solved favorably for Mozilla Firefox users without changes to the browser, because of the introduced equivalence between HTTP and flash cookies. Currently, the workaround in use is to either configure the browser to never clear history data and cookies or to revert the part of the changes affecting this use case, using third-party patches.
As for the behavior in browser's privacy mode, Adobe Flash Player 10.1, released on June 10, 2010, supports the privacy modes of Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Safari. Local shared objects created in privacy are discarded at the end of the session. Those created in a regular session are also not accessible in privacy mode.
Third-party software
Viewers and editors
Libraries and frameworks
Cleaners
See also
HTTP cookie
Evercookie
Web storage
Indexed Database API
Web SQL Database
Google Gears
Device fingerprint
Canvas fingerprinting
References
External links
Adobe's online tool on its Web site to erase Flash cookies and manage Flash player settings
What are local shared objects?, Adobe Flash Player security and privacy help
How to block Flash cookies
Electronic Privacy Information Center on "Local Shared Objects"
Legal action on 'zombie cookies' filed in US court
Adobe Flash
Internet privacy
Surveillance
Kizhakkumpattukara is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Kizhakkumpattukara is Ward 13 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.
Kizhakkumpattukara is famous for its annual Kummatti Festival held during Onam celebrations. The famous Lourde Cathedral Thrissur is also situated in this area. Some other landmarks in the locality include the Bishop's Palace, St. Clare's School, Nirmalamatha School and Convent and Panammukkampali Ayyappa Temple.
See also
Thrissur
Thrissur District
List of Thrissur Corporation wards
References
Suburbs of Thrissur city
Imma mesochorda is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Assam, India.
The wingspan is 15–16 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with a slender rather irregular light ochreous-yellow slightly curved fascia from the middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum, but not quite reaching the dorsal edge, constricted beneath the costa. The hindwings are dark fuscous, lighter towards the base.
References.
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Charley's Aunt is a 1930 American comedy film directed by Al Christie and starring Charles Ruggles, June Collyer and Hugh Williams. It was an adaptation of the 1892 play Charley's Aunt by Brandon Thomas. It marked the film debut of Williams, who then returned to Britain and became a major star.
Cast
Charles Ruggles as Lord Fancourt Babberley
June Collyer as Amy Spettigue
Hugh Williams as Charlie Wykeham
Doris Lloyd as Donna Lucia D' Alvadorez
Halliwell Hobbes as Stephen Spettigue
Flora le Breton as Ela Delahay
Rodney McLennan as Jack Chesney
Phillips Smalley as Sir Francis Chesney
Flora Sheffield as Kitty Verdun
Wilson Benge as Brassett
Robert Bolder as Scotty
Edgar Norton as Spettigue's Lawyer
References
External links
allmovie/synopsis; Charley's Aunt
Bibliography
Sweet, Matthew. Shepperton Babylon: The Lost Worlds of British Cinema. Faber and Faber, 2005.
1930 films
1930 comedy films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Al Christie
Films based on Charley's Aunt
Columbia Pictures films
American comedy films
American black-and-white films
Films set in England
1930s American films
The Australian Guild of Screen Composers (AGSC) is a not for profit organisation, which was established in 1981, "to represent the interests of Australian screen composers by developing and promoting employment opportunities, undertaking educational initiatives and increasing their profile amongst the industry." It was established by Bruce Smeaton and Bruce Rowland. The Guild's head offices are in Sydney, with successive presidents from 1987 being Bob Young (1987–91), Martin Armiger (1992–98), Chris Neal (1999–2000), Art Phillips (2001–08), Clive Harrison (2008–11), Guy Gross (2012–17), Caitlin Yeo (2018–20) and Antony Partos (2020–present). Since 1991 it has been sponsored by the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA).
AGSC presented film and television composers with awards from 1996 to 2000. Each year they released a compilation album, starting with The Australian Guild of Screen Composers 1996 Award Winners in 1997, via Sony Music Australia.
Since 2002 the AGSC, in collaboration with APRA and the affiliated Australasian Mechanical Copyright Owners Society (AMCOS), present Screen Music Awards at an annual ceremony as part of the APRA Music Awards. These honour, "compositions for documentaries, short films, mini-series, children's television and feature film scores" and other screen music scores.
AGSC Awards 1996–2000
Notes
References
Music organisations based in Australia
Music industry associations
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Kitaibaraki, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Ōtsukō Station is served by the Jōban Line, and is located 178.7 km from the official starting point of the line at Nippori Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform and one island platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Ōtsukō Station was opened on 25 February 1897 as . It was renamed to its present name on 10 May 1950. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 839 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Ōtsu Post Office
Izura Beach
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Station information JR East Station Information
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Jōban Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
Kitaibaraki, Ibaraki
The Gaelic American was an Irish nationalist newspaper published in the United States from 1903 to 1951 that was, along with the Irish Nation, owned by John Devoy. It was re-launched as an online news publication in 2021.
History
A weekly publication of the organization that eventually came to be known as Sinn Féin, it was amongst the foremost Irish ethnic newspapers until the Great Depression when its readership declined. It had at various times as its editor George Freeman and John Devoy. Between its establishment in 1903 and the early 1920s, the paper vehemently supported Irish republicanism and the use of physical force to achieve independence. In contrast to other Irish-American papers such as the Irish World, the Gaelic American supported the pro-Republic Clan na Gael organization and denounced the American wing of John Redmond's more moderate Irish Parliamentary Party, which advocated for Home Rule within the British Empire. In its early years, the paper also collaborated extensively with the Indian nationalist organisations in Britain and the United States, most notably the India House in London and its sister organisations in New York City.
It reprinted articles from The Indian Sociologist and editor George Freeman was a close associate of Shyamji Krishna Varma. The paper in the 1910s also developed close cooperation with Taraknath Das and its facilities were used for printing Das's nationalist politician journal, Free Hindustan.
In 1951 the paper was acquired by The Irish World and American Industrial Liberator.
On July 4, 2021, The Gaelic American was re-launched as “An Online News Publication Dedicated to the Cause of Irish Unity, the Irish Language, and the Interests of Irish-America.” The website link is www.gaelicamerican.com
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Advertisements from The Gaelic American
The Gaelic American at Villanova University's Digital Library
Catholic newspapers published in the United States
History of Sinn Féin
Irish-American press
Newspapers published in the San Francisco Bay Area
Publications disestablished in 1951
Publications established in 1903
Julián López de Lerma Barahona (born 27 February 1987) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Club career
López was born in Badajoz, Extremadura. After graduating from RCD Espanyol's youth system, he made his first-team debut in 2006–07, playing seven La Liga matches mostly always as a late substitute (he was initially summoned for the 2007 UEFA Cup Final against Sevilla FC, but eventually did not make the final list of 18). For the following season he was loaned to Sevilla Atlético in the second division, appearing rarely due to a severe injury.
In January 2009, after having made no competitive appearances for the Catalans during the first half of the campaign, López served another loan, now with Greek side Panthrakikos FC, and again suffered a serious physical setback, fracturing his right leg. After returning to the RCDE Stadium, whilst training with the reserves, he suffered another severe injury.
On 3 March 2011, after a failed move to CF Gavà, López terminated his contract and signed with amateurs UE Rubí. In late July, at only 24, he retired from football due to his constant problems with injuries.
López returned to his main club Espanyol in early November 2011, being appointed scout in its academy.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Badajoz
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Extremadura
Association football midfielders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
RCD Espanyol B footballers
RCD Espanyol footballers
Sevilla Atlético players
UE Rubí players
Super League Greece players
Panthrakikos F.C. players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia (8 July 1894 – 4 January 1998) was an Italian film director whose career spanned from the 1930s to the mid-1960s. He mainly directed adventure pictures and popular comedies, including some starring Totò. His 1942 film Non ti pago! was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
Biography
Bragaglia was born in Frosinone, Latium, and was a veteran of World War I. He was wounded in action, and subsequently received a medal. Upon his discharge, Bragaglia and his brother Arturo began to experiment with photography. He later connected with Anton Giulio, another brother, to found the Casa d'arte Bragaglio. The establishment quickly became a popular attraction for Rome artists. Bragaglio then founded an independent theater and launched his theatrical career. As with his earlier photography, he was primarily interested in the avant-garde. Bragaglia's father was the technical head of Cines Studios and in 1930, Bragaglia joined him and began learning the basics of filmmaking.
Bragaglia made his directorial debut with a few documentaries, and his first film proper was released in 1933. Entitled O la Borsa o la Vita, the picture was comedic in nature and his next few films would follow this mold.
Upon his 100th birthday in 1994, the Locarno Film Festival showed a film retrospective of his works. Being that he lived well into his second century Bragaglia became known as a famed storyteller who provided a wealth of information and anecdotes concerning the early days of Italian cinema. He died in Rome in 1998 after a fall which fractured his hip.
Filmography
Lowered Sails (1931)
Your Money or Your Life (1932)
Non son gelosa (1933)
Bad Subject (1933)
Quella vecchia canaglia (1934)
Unripe Fruit (1934)
Amore (1936)
Tomb of the Angels (1937)
Belle o brutte si sposan tutte... (1939)
Mad Animals (1939)
L'amore si fa così (1939)
Un mare di guai (1939)
Two on a Vacation (1940)
Alessandro, sei grande! (1940)
Una famiglia impossibile (1941)
La forza bruta (1941)
The Prisoner of Santa Cruz (1941)
Barbablù (1941)
The Happy Ghost (1941)
Due cuori sotto sequestro (1941)
La scuola dei timidi (1941)
Se io fossi onesto (1942)
Violette nei capelli (1942)
La guardia del corpo (1942)
Non ti pago! (1942)
After Casanova's Fashion (1942)
Music on the Run (1943)
La vita è bella (1943)
Non sono superstizioso... ma! (1943)
Il fidanzato di mia moglie (1943)
Tutta la vita in ventiquattr'ore (1943)
Torna a Sorrento (1945)
My Widow and I (1945)
Hotel Luna, Room 34 (1946)
Pronto chi parla? (1946)
The White Primrose (1947)
L'altra (1947)
Totò Le Mokò (1949)
Il falco rosso (1949)
Toto Looks for a Wife (1950)
Bluebeard's Six Wives (1950)
Figaro Here, Figaro There (1950)
47 morto che parla (1950)
L'eroe sono io! (1951)
Una bruna indiavolata! (1951)
The Secret of Three Points (1952)
Don Lorenzo (1952)
At Sword's Edge (1952)
Orient Express (1954)
Il falco d'oro (1955)
Queen of Babylon (1955)
Lazzarella (1957)
Io, mammeta e tu (1958)
Tuppe tuppe, Marescià! (1958)
Caporale di giornata (1958)
The Mighty Crusaders (1958)
The Sword and the Cross (1958)
Le cameriere (1959)
Hannibal (1959)
The Loves of Hercules (1960)
Amazons of Rome (1961)
Ursus in the Valley of the Lions (1961)
Pastasciutta nel deserto (1961)
I 4 monaci (1962)
The Four Musketeers (1963)
References
External links
1894 births
1998 deaths
People from Frosinone
Italian film directors
Italian male screenwriters
Italian centenarians
Men centenarians
Italian military personnel of World War I
David di Donatello Career Award winners
20th-century Italian screenwriters
20th-century Italian male writers
The fulvous parrotbill (Suthora fulvifrons) is a species of parrotbill in the family Paradoxornithidae. The species is also known as the fulvous-fronted parrotbill, the fulvous-fronted suthora, and the fulvous-fronted crowtit. The species, along with several others from the genus Suthora, is sometimes placed in the genus Paradoxornis. The species has four subspecies; the nominate subspecies from central Nepal, Bhutan and north-east India; P. f. chayulensis from north India and south China; P. f. albifacies from north Burma and nearby south China, and P. f. cyanophrys from central China.
Distribution and habitat
The fulvous parrotbill is a bamboo specialist, exclusively living on dense stands of bamboo in or near forests. It lives in montane stands, ranging from , most commonly above but sometimes down to . The species is not thought to be migratory.
Description
The species is small, in length. The plumage of the nominate is dominated by a rich buff head, upper wing coverts, flanks, rump and tail. The belly is white and the face is dominated by a black stripe above the eye that gets larger towards the middle and then smaller again, and a faint white stripe below the face. The sexes are alike; the juvenile resembles the adult but is darker, particularly below. P. f. chayulensis has a paler belly than the nominate, P. f. albifacies has a darker stripe above the eye, and P. f. cyanophrys has a blue-grey eyestripe and brighter plumage overall.
Behaviour
The fulvous parrotbill feeds on the buds of bamboo and birches, as well as tiny seeds and insects. In order to aid the digestion of their food they will swallow grit to act as a gizzard stone. When not breeding they will form flocks of up to 20 or 30 birds.
The nests of the fulvous parrotbill are bowl-shaped and built by both parents from bamboo leaves, rootlets and mosses. They are placed in dense stands of bamboo, between off the ground. The average clutch size is around 3.3 eggs, which are pale blue. Both parents incubate the eggs and care for the nestlings. Nesting success is low, possibly because of human disturbance.
References
fulvous parrotbill
fulvous parrotbill
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of China
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Yunnan
fulvous parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aphantaulax is a genus of ground spiders that was first described by Eugène Simon in 1878.
Species
it contains seventeen species:
Aphantaulax albini (Audouin, 1826) (type) – Egypt, Ethiopia
Aphantaulax australis Simon, 1893 – South Africa
Aphantaulax cincta (L. Koch, 1866) – Europe, Turkey, North Africa, Israel
Aphantaulax ensifera Simon, 1907 – São Tomé and Príncipe
Aphantaulax fasciata Kulczyński, 1911 – Thailand, Indonesia (Java, Lombok)
Aphantaulax flavida Caporiacco, 1940 – Ethiopia
Aphantaulax inornata Tucker, 1923 – South Africa
Aphantaulax katangae (Giltay, 1935) – Congo
Aphantaulax rostrata Dankittipakul & Singtripop, 2013 – Thailand
Aphantaulax scotophaea Simon, 1908 – Australia (Western Australia)
Aphantaulax signicollis Tucker, 1923 – South Africa
Aphantaulax stationis Tucker, 1923 – South Africa
Aphantaulax trifasciata (O. Pickard-Cambridge, 1872) – Southern Europe, North Africa, Turkey, Israel, Caucasus, Russia (Europe) to Central Asia, China, Japan
Aphantaulax t. trimaculata Simon, 1878 – France
Aphantaulax univittata Thorell, 1897 – Myanmar
Aphantaulax voiensis Berland, 1920 – East Africa
Aphantaulax zonata Thorell, 1895 – Myanmar
References
Araneomorphae genera
Cosmopolitan spiders
Gnaphosidae
Taxa named by Eugène Simon
Crowell House is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1871 and is a -story, rectangular building with 12-inch poured concrete walls and a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. It features a -story square tower with a tent roof.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Second Empire architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1871
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Oyster Bay (town), New York
Chippenham Town Football Club is a football club based in Chippenham, Wiltshire, England. They are currently members of and play their games at Hardenhuish Park.
History
The club states it was established in 1873, although local newspaper reports state the club was founded on 3 December 1884, with the first game played on 17 December 1884 against Melksham. In 1894 they were founder members of the Wiltshire League. The 1901–02 season saw them finish joint top of the table with Warminster Town, but the club lost the championship play-off replay 1–0, following a 1–1 draw in the first match. They joined Division Two of the Western League in 1904, but also continued to play in the Wiltshire League. The 1904–05 season saw them finish bottom of the Western League and second in the Wiltshire League. At the end of the 1905–06 season the club withdrew from the Western League, and went on to win the Wiltshire League in 1907–08 and 1908–09, before finishing as runners-up in 1909–10. They were runners-up again in 1912–13, 1921–22 and 1922–23, before winning the league in 1928–29.
In 1930 Chippenham rejoined Division Two of the Western League. The league was reduced to a single division in 1939, and the club were runners-up when the league resumed in the 1945–46 season. The 1951–52 season saw them win the Western League for the first time, and they also reached the first round of the FA Cup for the first time, losing 3–0 at Leyton. They were Western League runners-up again in 1954–55. However, they left the Western League at the end of the 1964–65 season, dropping back into the Wiltshire League. In 1968 the club joined the Premier Division of the Hellenic League, where they played until rejoining the Western League in 1973. When the league gained a second division in 1976, the club were relegated to the new Division One. They were Division One champions in 1980–81, earning promotion to the Premier Division. In 1999–2000 the club reached the final of the FA Vase, eventually losing 1–0 to Deal Town at Wembley Stadium.
After finishing as runners-up in 2000–01, Chippenham were promoted to Division One West of the Southern League. Their first season in the division saw them finish as runners-up, resulting in promotion to the Southern League Premier Division. In 2004–05 they were Premier Division runners-up, qualifying for the promotion play-offs. However, after beating Bedford Town 5–4 on penalties following a 2–2 draw in the semi-finals, they lost the final 1–0 to Hednesford Town. The following season saw them reach the first round of the FA Cup for a second time, eventually losing 1–0 at Worcester City in a replay. They also qualified for the promotion play-offs again after finishing fourth, beating King's Lynn 3–1 in the semi-finals before losing 3–2 to Bedford Town in the final. Another fourth-place finish in 2007–08 led to another play-off campaign, this time ending with a 2–1 defeat to Halesowen Town in the semi-finals. In 2009–10 the club finished third, and after beating Hednesford Town 2–0 in the play-off semi-finals, lost the final 2–1 to Nuneaton Town.
In 2016–17 Chippenham won the Southern League's Premier Division with a league record 103 points, earning promotion to the National League South. They reached the first round of the FA Cup again in 2019–20, losing 3–0 at home to Northampton Town.
The 2021–22 National League South season saw the club achieve their highest league finish in history, reaching the play-offs after ending in seventh place. In the play-off eliminator, they knocked out Dartford 3-2 on penalties following a goalless draw before their campaign came to an end with a 1-0 semi-final defeat at Ebbsfleet United after extra time.
Ground
The club moved to Hardenhuish Park in 1919, having previously played at at least four other grounds. A main stand was erected and subsequently added to on several occasions. A clubhouse was opened in 1979, which has since been turned into hospitality suites, and floodlights were installed in 1986. Additional covered standing is, as of 2021, now provided behind one goal whilst covered standing is along the opposite side of the pitch to the main stand. This was built in 1993, replacing an earlier stand that had been damaged by storms. The pitch at Hardenhuish Park has a noticeable slope, downwards towards the Town End. A new, bigger clubhouse at pitch level was opened in 2020, housing a bar and is a year-round community facility. The ground currently has a capacity of 3,000, of which 300 is seated.
Current squad
As of 8 July 2022
Out on loan
Honours
Southern League
Premier Division champions 2016–17
Western League
Premier Division champions 1951–52
Division One champions 1980–81
League Cup winners 1999–2000, 2000–01
Wiltshire League
Champions 1907–08, 1908–09, 1928–29
Wiltshire Premier Shield
Winners 1965–66, 1986–87, 1988–89, 2001–02, 2003–04, 2004–05, 2005–06, 2010–11, 2017–18
Records
Highest league position: 7th in the National League South, 2021–22
Best FA Cup performance: First round, 1951–52, 2005–06, 2019–20
Best FA Trophy performance: Second round, 2002–03, 2003–04, 2009–10, 2020–21
Best FA Vase performance: Finalists, 1999–2000
Record attendance: 4,800 vs Chippenham United, Western League, 1951
Biggest win: 9–0 vs Devizes Town, FA Cup, 1945–46; 9–0 vs Dawlish Town, Western League; 9–0 vs Moneyfields, FA Cup, 2015–16
Heaviest defeat: 10–0 vs Tiverton Town, Western League
Most appearances: Ian Monnery
Most goals: Dave Ferris
See also
Chippenham Town F.C. players
Chippenham Town F.C. managers
References
External links
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in Wiltshire
Association football clubs established in 1873
1873 establishments in England
Chippenham
Western Football League
Hellenic Football League
Southern Football League clubs
National League (English football)
Pascali may refer to:
Manuel Pascali (born 1981), Italian professional footballer
Pino Pascali (1935–1968), Italian artist, sculptor, set designer and performer
Pascali (grape), red Italian wine grape
See also
Pascali's Island (disambiguation)
Paschalis (disambiguation)
Pascal (disambiguation)
Pasqual (disambiguation)
Pasquale (disambiguation)
Pascual (disambiguation)
Pascale
Journal Kyaw Ma Ma Lay ( ) is widely acknowledged as one of the greatest Burmese writers of the 20th century. Her stories are known for authentic portrayals of modern Burmese society. Along with Ludu Daw Amar, Ma Ma Lay was one of a few female authors in Burma. She died in 1982 at the age of 65.
Personal life
Ma Ma Lay was born Ma Tin Hlaing in Karmaklu Village, Ayeyarwady Division, Myanmar in 1917. Her literary career began in 1936 when her article "To Become Knowledgeable Women" was published in the Myanma Alin newspaper. She later married Chit Maung the chief editor of Myanma Alin in 1938. Together, they founded The Journal Kyaw newspaper in 1939. She began writing articles and short stories under the pen name "Journal Kyaw Ma Ma Lay".
Ma Ma Lay was just 29 when her husband died in 1946, leaving her with two sons and a daughter. Despite being a young widow, Ma Ma Lay displayed her talent and ability as a writer and a publisher. Not only did she not close down the Journal, she published another one named "Pyithu Hittaing" or "The People's Voice Newspaper", in accordance with her husband's last wish.
Unfortunately, she could only run the press only for a few years due to the situation in the country. Troubles began when a group of students destroyed her publishing company's printing house for her papers' perceived leftist slant (and perhaps for her family's ties with leading Marxists like Thein Pe Myint.) Not one to back down, Ma Ma Lay continued to publish her two papers by going deeply into debt. Though she was able to repay part of the debts due to the commercial success of her 1947 book Thu Lo Lu (Like Him), she couldn't keep the presses going for long.
Ma Ma Lay continued her career as a writer and was also the president of the Writers Association in 1948, which was most unusual for a female. Traveling the world was not easy for a woman at that time but Ma Ma Lay managed it. She went to India, Japan, China and Russia, attending conferences and touring the countries. She continued writing until the 1970s. She would not get back into the publishing business again but ran a small printing business in the 1950s.
Ma Ma Lay married Aung Zeya in 1959. She died in Yangon on 6 April 1982. She was almost 65.
Her eldest son Maung Thein Dan became an actor. Her daughter was Dr. Daw Khin Lay Myint, a noted French scholar who died in 2007. She translated two of her mother's works into French, and some French classics into Burmese. Her youngest son was the poet Moe Hein.
Literary career
Ma Ma Lay wrote nearly 20 books and many articles and short stories in the monthly magazines. Many of her contemporaries and even younger writers describe her as a genius who could make simple everyday matters into readable, interesting books which reflected the lives and concerns of her readers.
Her famous works are:
Thu Lo Lu (Like Him) (1947)
Seik (Spirit)
Mone Ywa Mahu (Not Out of Hate) (1955)
Yin Nint Aung Hmwe (Right to the Core of the Heart)
Twe Ta Saint Saint (A Slow Stream of Thoughts and Burmese Medicine Tales) (1963)
Thway (Blood) (1973)
Images of My Life (2002) (Collections of her articles about her life, republished by her son)
Ma Ma Lay won two top Burmese Literary Prizes for "Not Out of Hate" and "A Slow Stream of Thoughts and Burmese Medicine Tales".
Like Him was about her husband Chit Maung, and their married lives. Contemporary writer Dagon Taya wrote, “The success of Journalgyaw Ma Ma Lay reached its peak with this novel. The wife wrote a biography of her husband, an editor. It was the combination of love and art, and that combination made the book unique and interesting.”
Not Out of Hate explores the impact of the West on Burmese culture, and it has been translated into other languages (English, Chinese, French, Uzbek and Russian).
Blood addresses relations forged between the Japanese and the Burmese during World War II. A young Japanese woman visits Burma to find her half-brother, the child of her father, an officer in the Japanese army, and a Burmese mother. Her half-brother initially refuses to have anything to do with her because he believes that his father raped his mother. A joint production with the Japanese turned this novel into a film which had its 2003 premiere in Japan.
Short stories
Short story collections A Slow Stream of Thoughts and Burmese Medicine Tales investigate different aspects of Burmese society during the U Nu era and the early Ne Win era. As a realistic fictional depiction of society during a certain era, they bear a distinct resemblance to the work of French author Balzac.
One Blade of Grass depicts a situation in which the rich wife of a military officer treats a child servant like a slave or actually more like a household appliance. There's a lot of hyperbole in the treatment of master-servant relations here, but the story does a good job at bringing out the features of oppression that one often finds in countries where income inequalities are extreme.
In Far and Near a young woman tries her hand at managing the family rice mill only to learn about every possible form that government corruption as applied to rice millers can take. There's so much realistic detail the story must be at least partially factual. By the end the government officials seem no better than the rats that gnaw through the rice sacks in search of their plunder.
In Coffee a picture of utter destitution is drawn. Like the story A Little Blade of Grass this story also deals with master-servant relations, but the elderly woman who is the focus of this story doesn't live in the master's house and consume his food. She knows how to defer to the wealth and status of the wealthy neighbors that surround her and cater to their every need, but it does her little good in the end.
A Pretty Face is a satirical story directed at those young women who abandon traditional Burmese dress for western fashions and make-up and those young men who are always working for their own advantage.
Kheimari is about a young girl whose parents die and who is drawn gradually towards life as a Buddhist nun, but once she becomes a nun she is forced into a life as a professional beggar. A popular film was made based on this short story.
This Heat is about the misery and grief of an old unmarried woman who works like a maid doing the work of a wife for her older unmarried father.
In the short story A Slow Stream of Thoughts a woman's husband and her son-in-law both take second wives. She writes of all the suffering that the old woman has to bear because of her daughter and grandchildren.
Danger of Rebirth (or "Samsara Danger" or "Cycle of Rebirth Danger") is the story of how an office clerk becomes a monk after his second marriage fails.
In the short story Please Don't Emulate This, Sir a newly married husband gets trapped by all the comforts of married life. He wakes up late in the morning and eats the food that his wife prepares for him, while his wife wakes up at the crack of dawn, cooks, and goes off to work selling boiled beans and rice.
Translations
Ma Ma Lay (Margaret Aung-Thwin tr.) (1991) Not Out of Hate: A Novel of Burma, Monographs in international studies southeast Asia series ; No. 88, Ohio: International Studies Ohio University, 1991, .
Ma Ma Lay (Than Than Win tr.) (2006) Blood Bond [Burmese: Thway], Center for Southeast Asian Studies, Hawaii: University of Hawaii. [Also translated into French by Ma Ma Lay's daughter Khin Lay Myint]
"Images of My Life" (2002)
Life as a Burmese traditional medicine practitioner
Ma Ma Lay was a practitioner of traditional Burmese medicine. Her interest in traditional medicine began after her family's poor experience with Western medicine. In 1945, her seven-year-old daughter's leg operation was botched by a British Army doctor. In 1946, her husband suddenly died within 12 days of uncertain cause.
Ma Ma Lay studied traditional Burmese medicine for 15 years under Saya Hlaing, and opened a clinic in Yangon. She traveled frequently to other regions and treated patients with tuberculosis, cancer, high blood pressure, hepatitis B, leprosy, diabetes, paralysis, mental disease, dropsy, elephantiasis.
Ma Ma Lay was said to have cured her youngest brother Tin Win of VD Venereal Disease in three months. Later, Tin Win too studied Burmese medicine and became a traditional medicine practitioner in Mandalay.
References
External links
Hkeimari, short story in the Burmese language
Coffee, short story in the Burmese language
A little blade of grass, short story in the Burmese language
A slow stream of thoughts, short story in the Burmese language
Near and far, short story in Burmese
Burmese journalists
Burmese women journalists
1917 births
1982 deaths
People from Ayeyarwady Region
Burmese people of World War II
20th-century Burmese women writers
20th-century Burmese writers
20th-century journalists
Liometopum luctuosum is a species of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae. Liometopum luctuosum is often mistaken for carpenter ants (Camponotus spp.) by homeowners and pest management professionals. This mistaken identity is due to morphological and behavioral characteristics they share with carpenter ants; namely polymorphic workers, a smooth convex thoracic profile, and the tendency to excavate wood. L. luctuosum are also often confused with Tapinoma sessile since they have the same coloration, are similar in size, and produce an alarm pheromone with a very similar odor. Consequently, their importance as structural pests may be greatly underreported, especially in California, Oregon, and Washington, United States.
Taxonomy
Liometopum luctuosum was originally named Liometopum apiculatum subsp. luctuosum by and . reclassified it as a subspecies of Liometopum occidentale. It was elevated to species level by , and subsequently confirmed by and
Habitat
Liometopum luctuosum has been reported at elevations as low as 59 m, but is typically found at elevations higher than 2400 m in more southern latitudes. Their range extends from temperate habitats as far north as British Columbia, Canada, and to more arid habitats of central Mexico and western Texas. They inhabit pine, oak, Douglas fir, and juniper forests, sagebrush, and high-elevation riparian habitats. This species is often strongly associated with but not limited to pine trees.
Nests
Liometopum luctuosum nest under rocks, decaying logs or at the base of large trees, or among the roots of trees such as Quercus spp., Juniperus spp. and Pinus spp. They create carton nests similar in structure to L. apiculatum. Similarly, the queen of L. luctuosum is well protected at a remote place about 6–8 m from the largest chamber where the brood is stored, and the chambers of the nest are connected by various galleries.
Colonies
Colony foundation in L. luctuosum is by pleometrosis (cooperative), in which 2 to 40 fertile queens found a single colony. Most colony foundation activities take place at night. There is a division of labor among founder queens. However, this is not always divided the same for each foundation event. The amount of time dedicated to each activity by each queen varies with each colony foundation event. Some queens are active in a variety of tasks. For example, some queens dedicate more time to brood care and others more time patrolling the nest area. The fewer ants founding together (3 or less), the more time spent per individual caring for brood, ovipositing, and exploring. Trophallaxis, patrol activity, and inactivity decreases in these cases, but brood care still remains the primary activity of founding queens.
Feeding
Liometopum luctuosum is also an omnivore and has been observed feeding on secretions from both plants and insects such as aphids, membracids and scales, as well as miscellaneous foods such as meat, eggs, fruit and bread.
Foraging activity
To reach a food source, L. luctuosum establish trails sometimes more than 100 m long. The galleries of these trails often run under leaf litter. This protection could explain why these ants can be found trailing at almost any hour of the day.
Reproduction
Reproductives of L. luctuosum have been observed flying in June and July and can be collected the day after the nuptial flight in large bodies of water or using a blacklight trap.
References
External links
Dolichoderinae
Insects described in 1905
Hymenoptera of North America
William Baxter (21 September 1924 – 9 November 2002) was a Scottish footballer who played as a wing half for Midlands clubs Wolverhampton Wanderers and Aston Villa.
Biography
Baxter joined Wolves as a member of the groundstaff upon leaving school in 1939. After guesting for Leicester City, Mansfield Town and Notts County during wartime, he signed professional forms at Molineux in September 1945. He made his debut on 4 December 1948 in a 1–0 win over Everton.
Although never a regular starter for Wolves, he made five appearances in 1953–54, the season of the club's first championship. Lacking playing time for Wolves, he moved to Midlands neighbours Aston Villa in November 1953.
Baxter made over 100 appearances for Villa before retiring in summer 1957. He stayed with the club to serve them as coach and assistant manager until 1967. He then moved back to his native Scotland, where he had short spells in charge of both East Fife and Raith Rovers.
His son Stuart Baxter is a former football player and a manager, and grandson Lee Baxter a former player and now a goalkeeping coach.
Honours
Football League First Division: 1953–54
References
1924 births
2002 deaths
People from Methil
Scottish footballers
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
English Football League players
Scottish football managers
East Fife F.C. managers
Raith Rovers F.C. managers
Scottish Football League managers
Footballers from Fife
Association football wing halves
Vanuatu's economy is primarily agricultural; 80% of the population is engaged in agricultural activities that range from subsistence farming to smallholder farming of coconuts and other cash crops.
Copra is by far the most important cash crop (making up more than 35% of Vanuatu's exports), followed by timber, beef, and cocoa. Kava root extract exports also have become important.
Economic sectors
Financial sector
In addition, the Vanuatu government has maintained the country's pre-independence status as a tax haven and international financial center. About 2,000 registered institutions offer a wide range of offshore banking, investment, legal, accounting, and insurance and trust company services. On the Tax Justice Network's 2011 Financial Secrecy Index, Vanuatu received a "secrecy score" of 88/100, though its marginal market share placed it near the bottom of the weighted list. Vanuatu was one of three Pacific island nations (along with Nauru and Palau) which four major international banks placed a U.S. dollar transaction ban on in December 1999.
Vanuatu sells citizenship for about $150,000, and its passports allow visa-free travel throughout Europe. With demand from the Chinese market booming, passport sales may now account for more than 30% of the country's revenue.
Vanuatu maintains an international shipping register in New York City.
Fishing industry
There is substantial fishing activity, although this industry does not bring in much foreign exchange.
Vanuatu claims an exclusive economic zone of and possesses marine resources. Some ni-Vanuatu are involved in fishing, along with foreign fleets.
Mining industry
In contrast, mining activity is unsubstantial.
Agricultural sector
Exports include copra, kava, beef, cocoa and timber, and imports include machinery and equipment, foodstuffs and fuels. Copra, cocoa, kava and beef account for more than 60% of Vanuatu's total exports by value and agriculture accounts for 20% of GDP.
Vanuatu produced in 2018:
374 thousand tons of coconut;
53 thousand tons of root and tubers;
16 thousand tons of banana;
13 thousand tons of vegetable;
In addition to smaller productions of other agricultural products, like peanut (2.6 thousand tons) and cocoa (1.8 thousand tons).
Tourism sector
Tourism is Vanuatu's fastest-growing sector, having comprised 40% of GDP in 2000. Industry's portion of GDP declined from 15% to 10% between 1990 and 2008. Government consumption accounted for about 27% of GDP.
Vanuatu has commodities, mostly agricultural, produced for export. In 2000, imports exceeded exports by a ratio of nearly 4 to 1. This was offset by high services income from tourism, which kept the current account balance fairly even. After a downturn in 2001 and 2002 due to a decrease in tourism funding, the economy was expected to grow by 3.9%, increasing to 4.3% in 2007.
Exports
Luganville, the second largest city, is a hub for exports with 64.3% of domestic exports leaving it compared to 35.7% for the capital of Port Vila, whereas imports show the opposite trend with 86.9% entering through the capital and 13.1% through Luganville.
Reform
In 1997 the government, with the aid of the Asian Development Bank, committed itself to a 3-year comprehensive reform program. During the first year of the program the government has adopted a value-added tax, consolidated and reformed government-owned banks, and started a 10% downsizing in the public service. The program was derailed when Barak Sope became Prime Minister. Under Prime Minister Edward Natapei, reform programs were reintroduced.
Traditional economy
The government declared 2007 to be "the Year of the Traditional Economy" (), encouraging the trade of seashells and pig tusks and discouraging cash transfers. By the end of the year, they extended the experiment in to 2008. The establishment of the Tangbunia Bank, to deal in customary wealth, was linked to this initiative.
Economic statistics
Vanuatu scored 32.06 (versus a worldwide score of 42.94, lower scores translating to higher risk) on the June 2013 Euromoney Country Risk rankings.
All "$" units are US Dollar.
GDP:
purchasing power parity - $1.237 billion (2012 est.)
GDP - real growth rate:
2.6% (2012 estimate)
GDP - per capita:
purchasing power parity - $ (2012 est.)
GDP - composition by sector:
agriculture:
20.6%
industry:
11.7%
services:
67.6% (2012 est.)
Population below poverty line:
NA%
Household income or consumption by percentage share:
lowest 10%:
NA%
highest 10%:
NA%
Inflation rate (consumer prices):
2.8% (2012 est.)
Labor force:
(2007)
Labor force - by occupation:
agriculture 58%,
industry 10%,
services 32% (2010 est.)
Unemployment rate:
1.5% (2010)
Budget:
revenues:
$188.2 million
expenditures:
$207.4 million, including capital expenditures of $700 000 (2012 est.)
Industries:
food and fish freezing, wood processing, meat canning
Industrial production growth rate:
12% (2011 est.)
Electricity - production:
52 GWh (2008)
Electricity - production by source:
fossil fuel:
90%
hydro:
0%
nuclear:
0%
other:
10% (2012)
Electricity - consumption:
40.22 GWh (2008)
Electricity - exports:
220 kWh (2008)
Electricity - imports:
0 kWh (2008)
Agriculture - products:
copra, coconuts, cocoa, coffee, kava, taro, yams, fruits, vegetables, fish, beef
Exports:
$280 million (f.o.b., 2012 est.)
Exports - commodities:
copra, beef, cocoa, timber, kava, coffee
Exports - partners:
Thailand 57.3%, Japan 21.8% (2011)
Imports:
$242 million (f.o.b., 2012)
Imports - commodities:
machinery and equipment, foodstuffs, fuels
Imports - partners:
China 26.7%, Singapore 21.2%, Australia 13.6%, New Zealand 7.2%, Fiji 6.7%, Japan 5.4% (2011)
Debt - external:
$307.7 million (2011)
Economic aid - recipient:
$27.5 million (2002)
Currency:
1 vatu (VT), no subdivisions
Exchange rates:
vatu (VT) per US$1 – 94.03 (2012), 96.91 (2010), 111.79 (2004), 122.19 (2003), 139.2 (2002), 145.31 (2001), 129.76 (December 1999), 129.08 (1999), 127.52 (1998), 115.87 (1997), 111.72 (1996), 112.11 (1995)
Fiscal year:
calendar year
See also
Fishing in Vanuatu
References
USS Bold (MSO-424) was an acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of clearing mines that had been placed in the water to prevent the safe passage of ships.
Bold was laid down on 12 December 1951 by the Norfolk Naval Shipyard; launched on 14 March 1953; sponsored by Mrs. Porter Hardy, Jr.; and commissioned on 25 September 1953.
Special sea trials
Bold did not report for normal duty with the Force for 17 months after her commissioning. Instead, following outfitting at Norfolk, Virginia, and a brief training period in Chesapeake Bay, she began a series of special trials in conjunction with the Bureau of Ships, the Norfolk Naval Shipyard, and the New York Naval Shipyard. Those trials lasted from early October 1953 to early June 1954.
East Coast operations
At the end of the first week in June 1954, Bold finally embarked upon her delayed shakedown cruise that she conducted off the New England coast. At the end of the summer of 1954, the minesweeper entered the Norfolk Naval Shipyard for five months of modifications and post-shakedown repairs. On 7 February 1955 near the end of the overhaul, Bold was reclassified an ocean minesweeper and redesignated MSO-424.
On 15 February 1955, after nearly a year and a half of active duty, the warship entered port at the home of the Atlantic Fleet Mine Force, Charleston, South Carolina, for the first time in her career. That spring, after three weeks of intensive training, Bold participated in her first annual minesweeping exercise. On 2 May, she stood out of Charleston in company with the other ships of Mine Division (MinDiv) 83 to embark on her first deployment to the Mediterranean Sea. She and her division mates arrived in Lisbon, Portugal, on 18 May and, soon thereafter, joined the 6th Fleet in the Mediterranean. During the ensuing four months, the minesweeper made port visits and conducted bilateral minesweeping exercises with units of the navies of Italy, Greece, and Spain. Bold concluded that tour of duty in the latter part of September and reentered Charleston, South Carolina, on 4 October.
After five weeks of the relative inactivity that usually follows a deployment, she steamed south early in November to enter the drydock of a civilian contractor at Jacksonville, Florida. When those repairs were completed in mid-December, Bold moved to the Naval Mine Defense Laboratory at Panama City, Florida, where she spent the first five months of 1956 assisting in the development of technology and tactics relative to mine warfare. In June, the minesweeper returned to Charleston, where she began a four-month overhaul at the Charleston Naval Shipyard. She completed that repair period in October and embarked upon a schedule of training missions in the local operating area in preparation for deployment to the Mediterranean again in January 1957.
Second Mediterranean cruise
Midway through the first week in January, Bold set out across the Atlantic with the other units of MinDiv 83. She entered the Mediterranean during the last week of the month and began five months of the usual drills, exercises, and port calls associated with a 6th Fleet assignment. She arrived back in Charleston, South Carolina, on 16 June and remained there through the middle of July for the normal post-deployment leave and upkeep period.
At that time, the minesweeper sailed north to Yorktown, Virginia, where she served as a training vehicle for the Mine Warfare School and whence she participated in a major Atlantic Fleet mine warfare exercise in the vicinity of the Virginia Capes. Bold returned south at the beginning of September, made a brief visit to Charleston, and then continued south to Key West, Florida, where she carried out missions for the Mine Development Detachment located there. She completed that assignment in mid-October and reentered Charleston on the 20th. For the remainder of 1957, the warship pursued a routine schedule of independent ship's exercises out of her home port.
Overhaul at Charleston
Normal operations out of Charleston occupied her time during the first quarter of 1958 as well. On 28 March 1958, however, Bold began an overhaul at the Charleston Naval Shipyard that consumed the next 16 weeks. The minesweeper devoted the balance of the summer to refresher training and preparations for overseas movement. She stood out of Charleston on 29 September and arrived at Gibraltar on 16 October. She made port visits and conducted exercises in the "middle sea" for a little less than four months before heading back to the United States early in 1959. Bold sailed back into her home port on 11 February 1959 and commenced post-deployment standdown.
The warship resumed normal activity at the beginning of March. She carried out a special project for the Commander, Mine Force, Atlantic Fleet, between 8 and 10 March and then visited Savannah, Georgia, for St. Patrick's Day. Bold spent the first 10 days of April undergoing repairs at a civilian drydock in Charleston and then took up the usual training evolutions in the local operating area once again. She continued so employed through the end of the year and during the first two months of 1960.
Norfolk shipyard overhaul
On 2 March 1960, the minesweeper entered the Norfolk Naval Shipyard for regular overhaul. She completed the repairs early in May and returned to Charleston on the 12th. Refresher training and minesweeping drills took up the balance of May and most of June. On 28 June, Bold departed Charleston for a midshipman training cruise to the West Indies that lasted through the summer. She arrived back in Charleston on 13 September but, after two weeks alongside a tender, got underway again on 2 October. The ship steamed north to Canadian waters where she participated in Operation Sweep Clear V. Bold returned to Charleston from that exercise on 26 October and resumed the familiar roles of training vehicle and test platform, for the Mine Warfare School and the mine service tests, respectively.
Normal duty along the Atlantic seaboard continued into the early months of 1961. On 10 April 1961, Bold departed Charleston in company with the rest of MinDiv 83 on her way to another tour of duty with the U.S. 6th Fleet. Over the ensuing six months, she operated as an element of Task Force (TF) 62, conducting exercises and visiting a number of Mediterranean ports. The minesweeper returned to Charleston in October and spent the remainder of 1961 in port preparing for and executing a yard overhaul.
Bold completed repairs early in February 1962 and devoted the rest of the month and most of March to refresher training. In April, the minesweeper participated in amphibious exercises at Vieques Island, near Puerto Rico, and at Onslow Beach, North Carolina. The month of May brought upkeep in Charleston and, in June, she traveled to Panama City, Florida, where she provided services to the Navy's Mine Defense Laboratory.
West Indies cruise
On 20 July, after nearly three weeks back at her home port, USS Bold got underway for a four-month cruise to the West Indies. When not engaged in exercises, she made liberty calls at such places as Guantánamo Bay, San Juan, Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic, and Ocho Rios in Jamaica. Bold returned to Charleston on 9 November and, following a tender availability, resumed local operations on the 21st. Though occasionally called upon to perform special missions at various locations along the east coast, the minesweeper generally stayed close to her home port for the next 18 months.
That employment came to an end late in the spring of 1964. On 15 May, she stood out of Charleston in company with her division mates for another deployment to the Mediterranean Sea. She made a stop along the way at Bermuda and arrived at Málaga, Spain, on 3 June. Bold participated in several amphibious exercises and other training evolutions and visited a number of ports on the shores of the Mediterranean. After about five months of such duty, she departed Huelva, Spain, on 30 October to return to the United States. Arriving back in Charleston on 17 November, Bold spent the remainder of the year in port.
Drydock period in Savannah
Bold began 1965 with normal operations out of Charleston. Early in February, however, she entered the yard at the Savannah Machine & Foundry for an interim drydock period. The minesweeper completed those repairs at the beginning of March and resumed normal duty at Charleston. At the end of June, Bold departed her home port in company with her colleagues of MinDiv 83 and set a course for the Gulf of Mexico, where she occupied the following month carrying out missions in support of the Defense Laboratory at Panama City, Florida. She and her division mates left the Florida panhandle on 1 August and, after making a port call at Veracruz, Mexico, reentered Charleston on the 17th. The minesweeper spent most of what remained of 1965 in port at Charleston preparing for a regular overhaul projected for the beginning of 1966.
The overhaul began on schedule in mid-January, and Bold emerged from the Jacksonville Shipyard at Charleston on 19 April. After sea trials, she resumed local operations out of Charleston and remained so occupied until the beginning of August. On 5 August, the minesweeper put to sea for three weeks of special operations near Puerto Rico. She returned to Charleston on 29 August. On 26 September, Bold plunged into two months of intensive exercises, three weeks of refresher training followed by another four weeks of type training. That demanding schedule ended with her return to Charleston on 20 November. The warship concluded the year with an extended period of relative inactivity in her home port.
Tour of duty with the Sixth Fleet
She began 1967 with type training carried out in cooperation with her colleagues of MinDiv 83. Between early February and mid-March, the minesweeper underwent repairs at the Jacksonville Shipyard in Charleston in preparation for another tour of duty with the 6th Fleet. Bold embarked upon that deployment on 30 March. She and her division mates arrived at Gibraltar on 16 April and became elements of Task Unit (TU) 61.7.3. For almost five months the minesweeper ranged the length and breadth of the Mediterranean Sea, participating in a variety of exercises both multinational and unilateral in character. When not so engaged, the warship made liberty calls and goodwill visits to ports throughout the Mediterranean. Following turnover formalities at Rota, Spain, Bold headed back to the United States on 2 September. She returned to Charleston on the 16th and stood down for about a month to allow her crew ample opportunity to take post-deployment leave.
Bold resumed local operations late in October but did not really accelerate to a normal pace until the beginning of 1968 when she began service as a training platform for the Mine Warfare School. She alternated duty as a school ship with periods of type training and independent ship's exercises during the first four months of 1968. On 6 May, the minesweeper entered Detyen's Shipyard at Mt. Pleasant, South Carolina, for an 11-week overhaul. Bold left the yard on 22 July and took up normal operations at the end of the month. Early in October while carrying out a mission in support of the Naval Ordnance Laboratory Test Facility at Fort Lauderdale, Florida, she suffered damage to her main propulsion plant that put her in the Jacksonville Shipyard for two months. Bold returned to active service in December just in time to put to sea with USS Bulwark (MSO-425) on the 20th to search for an aircraft that had gone down at sea off the Virginia Capes. The search proved unsuccessful, and she returned to Charleston late Christmas Eve.
The minesweeper began 1969 with refresher training out of her home port. In February, she assisted Atlantic Fleet destroyers in quality assurance testing on their weapons systems. Type training conducted along the coasts of South Carolina and Florida occupied the month of March. On 1 May, Bold departed Charleston with MinDiv 83 bound for a month of exercises in the Caribbean Sea codenamed Operation Halcon Vista IV. Upon her return to Charleston at the beginning of June, she resumed local operations. During the fall, she underwent an interim drydocking at the Jacksonville Shipyard and participated in quality assurance testing on weapons for Atlantic Fleet destroyers once again.
Decommissioning
In January 1970, Bold embarked upon her final year of active service with the U.S. Navy. In those last 12 months, the minesweeper carried out normal operations along the southern portion of the Atlantic seaboard. In January 1971, she began preparations for inactivation. Bold was decommissioned at Charleston on 2 July 1971, and she remained there, in reserve, until early in 1975. Her name was struck from the Navy list on 28 February 1975, and she was sold to Tucson One Hour, Inc., of Cincinnati, Ohio, in June 1981.
References
External links
NavSource Online: Mine Warfare Vessel Photo Archive - Bold (MSO 424) - ex-AM-424
Agile-class minesweepers
1953 ships
Ships built in Portsmouth, Virginia
Bargfeld is a hamlet of about 190 inhabitants near Celle in Lower Saxony, Germany, documented since 1056, now belonging to the village municipality Eldingen.
It has become famous for the many novels and stories the great German author Arno Schmidt has situated there, having lived there from 1958 until his death (1979). The Arno Schmidt Stiftung has its site in Bargfeld.
See as well
Eberhard Schlotter
Gotthelf Schlotter
External links
The hamlet Bargfeld, home of german author Arno Schmidt
Photographs of Bargfeld
Villages in Lower Saxony
Time Zone is a multi-disk graphical adventure game written and directed by Roberta Williams for the Apple II. Developed in 1981 and released in 1982 by On-Line Systems (later Sierra Entertainment), the game was shipped with six double-sided floppy disks and contained 1,500 areas (screens) to explore along with 39 scenarios to solve. Produced at a time when most games rarely took up more than one side of a floppy, Time Zone is one of the first games of this magnitude released for home computer systems. Ports were released for Japanese home computers PC-88, PC-98 and FM-7 in 1985.
Gameplay
Time Zone allows players to travel through time and across the globe solving puzzles while meeting famous historical figures such as Benjamin Franklin, Cleopatra, and Julius Caesar. The game has static pictures and a text parser that understands two-word commands.
Development
The game used the company's existing Hi-Res Adventures engine. Roberta Williams was the designer and writer, and its development took six months and about ten other people—the first example of the modern video game-development model in which programmers, artists, and designers are separate people in a team larger than a few people—worked on the game for a year. Each of the more than 1,300 locations had its own artwork. The company hoped to release Time Zone before Christmas 1981, but did not do so until March 1982. Because of the game's difficulty, Sierra offered a telephone help line that players could call for hints.
Reception
BYTE wrote "The Guinness Book of World Records must be getting ready for a computer game category, if Time Zone is any indication of things to come. Without a doubt, it is the longest adventure game to date". The game received a Certificate of Merit in the category of "Best Computer Adventure" at the 4th annual Arkie Awards.
Williams' brother-in-law and fellow employee, John, later said, "It frankly wasn't that good". Time Zone sold poorly; the original retail price of US$99 () may make it the most expensive computer game in history after inflation. The game was reissued the year of its release as part of the short-lived SierraVentures line.
References
External links
1982 video games
Adventure games
Apple II games
FM-7 games
NEC PC-8801 games
NEC PC-9801 games
ScummVM-supported games
Sierra Entertainment games
Video games about time travel
Video games developed in the United States
God Bless Jug and Sonny is a live album by saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Gene Ammons recorded in Baltimore in 1973 and released on the Prestige label in 2001.
Reception
The Allmusic review stated "Unlike some of their 1940s/early '50s encounters, God Bless Jug and Sonny falls short of essential. But this 1973 reunion is still enjoyable and will interest the saxophonists' hardcore fans".
Track listing
"Blue 'n' Boogie" (Dizzy Gillespie, Frank Paparelli) - 16:36
"Stringin' the Jug" (Gene Ammons, Sonny Stitt) - 14:58
"God Bless the Child" (Billie Holiday, Arthur Herzog Jr.) - 5:48
"Autumn in New York" (Vernon Duke) - 5:05
"Ugetsu" (Cedar Walton) - 7:44
"Bye Bye Blackbird" (Mort Dixon, Ray Henderson) - 17:51
Personnel
Gene Ammons - tenor saxophone (tracks 1, 2, 3 & 6)
Sonny Stitt - tenor saxophone (tracks 1, 2 & 6), alto saxophone (track 4)
Cedar Walton - piano - trio track 5
Sam Jones - bass
Billy Higgins - drums
References
2001 live albums
Prestige Records live albums
Gene Ammons live albums
Sonny Stitt live albums
Collaborative albums
The Greenwell Store is a historic building now run as a museum by the Kona Historical Society.
History
Henry Nicholas Greenwell (1826–1891) was an English merchant who originally came to Hawaii in 1850. He went back to England in 1867, and returned and married Elizabeth Caroline Hall (1841–1934). They lived in a wooden house, (the foundation is still visible) and had a stone house built that was used as a store since 1870.
The building is a simple rectangle about by with a basement, main floor, and attic. Walls are thick, made of stones with mortar.
Since Greenwell served as Postmaster, the town that grew up around the store was known as Kealakekua, Hawaii, even though the actual traditional land division of that name is further south. The Hawaii Belt Road now runs past the store.
Descendant Norman Leonard Greenwell (1926-1992) and his wife Jean Greenwell (1929–2009) were founders of the Kona Historical society in 1976.
On May 22, 1978, the store was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings on the island of Hawaii as site 78001017. The society restored the former store to its appearance circa 1875, and opened it as a museum.
The store was added as site 10-37-7243 to the state of Hawaii registry of historic places on August 17, 1991.
Another nearby Greenwell property, the Kona Coffee Living History Farm, is also open for tours by the society.
References
External links
Greenwell family tree
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii
Houses completed in 1870
Buildings and structures in Hawaii County, Hawaii
Agriculture in Hawaii
Living museums in Hawaii
Museums in Hawaii County, Hawaii
Retail buildings in Hawaii
1870 establishments in Hawaii
Rural history museums in Hawaii
Houses in Hawaii County, Hawaii
National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii County, Hawaii
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii
Commercial buildings completed in 1870
The 1912–13 Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey season was the 16th season of play for the program.
Season
Harvard entered the year with a team that may have been less talented than previous squads, but it was no less competitive. The team displayed an increasing level of play throughout December between practices and scrimmages with the Boston Athletic Association. The available ice at the Boston Arena paid dividends for the Crimson in allowing them to hone their game in their attempt to reclaim the championship.
The Crimson made up for last year's poor start with a dominant 4–0 win over MIT where the team used many of its backup players throughout the game. After returning from the winter break Harvard faced a tough Ottawa team and could not find its footing offensively, losing 0–2 despite a stellar effort from team captain Gardner. The team buckled down and prepared itself for a match against Toronto a week later. When the Blues arrived in town they found an impenetrable wall in front of the Harvard cage and left after a 0–2 loss to the Crimson.
After dismantling Cornell 8–2, Harvard welcomed defending champion Princeton in one of the most anticipated games of the season. The teams locked horns and battled nearly the same as they had the year before; Princeton's offense, led by Hobey Baker applied a continual assault on the Crimson defenders but neither team could beat the other in regulation. With the score 3–3 the two teams had agreed to play two 5-minute overtime periods in case they were needed. Harvard was able to score once in each extra frame and take the game 5–3, putting themselves at a great advantage in their pursuit of a championship.
By the time Harvard played Yale on February 1, the teams had arranged a best-of-three series so that Harvard, Yale and Princeton would play one another at least twice. If any of the three emerged as a clear victor they would likely be able to claim the collegiate championship as the teams were typically among the best in the nation. Harvard's solid win over the Bulldogs had them on the cusp of a terrific season but in the second game against Princeton the Tiger attack was too much to cope with and a third game was required to settle the series. While the third game would not officially decide the champion, as Harvard still had Yale left to play, Princeton could secure the championship if it won the rubber match. With this in mind Gardner produced one of the most brilliant goaltending performances in school history, turning away 29 shots en route to a 3–0 victory, the only time in the three years with Baker that Princeton would fail to score.
With Yale still remaining, Harvard couldn't slow down if they wanted to claim the championship. The Elis played Harvard tough in the first half, scoring the only goal of the frame to put a bit of fear in the minds of the Crimson faithful. The game remained the same through most of the second half but with 5 minutes left the Crimson offense awoke and scored three times. Yale added one just before the end of the game but it wasn't enough to turn the tide and Harvard skated away with the collegiate hockey championship.
Roster
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Scoring Statistics
Note: Assists were not recorded as a statistic.† Statistics from the game against Dartmouth are not available.
References
Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey seasons
Harvard Crimson
Harvard Crimson
1912 in sports in Massachusetts
1913 in sports in Massachusetts
Mister World 2016 was the 9th edition of the Mister World competition. It was held at the Floral Hall of the Southport Convention Centre in Southport, England on July 19, 2016. Nicklas Pedersen of Denmark crowned Rohit Khandelwal of India at the end of the event, becoming the first Asian to win the title.
Results
Placements
Order of Announcements
Fast Track Events
Judges
The judges' panel for Mister World 2014 consisted of the following personalities:
Julia Morley – Chairman and CEO of Miss World LTD
Juan García Postigo – Mister World 2007 from Spain
Francisco Escobar – Mister World 2012 from Colombia
Carina Tyrrell – Miss England 2014
Contestants
46 contestants competed for the title
Notes
Debuts
Returns
Last competed in 2003:
Last competed in 2010:
Last competed in 2012:
Crossovers
Manhunt International
2012: – Armand du Plessis
2016: – Daniel Antonio Alfaro Barrantes
2016: – Christopher Joseph Bramell (2nd runner-up)
Mister International
2013: – Sergio Isaac Lopés Goti
2015: – Rafał Jonkisz
2015: – Fernando Alberto Álvarez Soto (Top 10)
2015: – Jake Elwood John Seneratne
Mister Supranational
2016: – Rafał Jonkisz (Top 10)
Mister Global
2017: – Christopher Joseph Bramell (2nd runner-up)
2018: – Betim Morina
Mister Universal Ambassador
2015: – Mohammad Yusuf Bin Tony
Mister Model International
2013: – Edson Janyny Bonilla Álvarez
2015: – Alan Jhunior Massa Caycho
References
External links
Mister World
2016 in England
2016 beauty pageants
Beauty pageants in England
July 2016 events in the United Kingdom
José Marcelo Gomes (born November 24, 1981 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian naturalized Bolivian footballer currently playing for Independiente Petrolero in the Liga de Futbol Profesional Boliviano.
Club title
References
External links
Profile in BDFA
Profile in ESPN
1981 births
Living people
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Naturalized citizens of Bolivia
Bolivian people of Brazilian descent
Association football midfielders
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Bolivian footballers
Universitario de Sucre footballers
Club Aurora players
Club Bolívar players
Club San José players
C.D. Jorge Wilstermann players
Club Independiente Petrolero players
The Shishmanoğlu or Shishmanov family () is a notable family of Bulgaria, Ottoman, Russian and Austrian Empire, who are descended from a medieval Bulgarian Royal House of Shishman.
Origin of the family
Members of the family claim that the genealogical links between the medieval and modern branches of the family have been extensively researched, but scholars are more doubtful.
The modern line of the Shishmanoğlu appears in the late 16th century with a legendary hajduk (brigand) Baba Novak, after a gap of over a century from the fall of Second Bulgarian Empire under the rule of the Ottoman Turks. It was usual among Balkan notable of the time to assume medieval surnames and claim descent from the famous noble houses of their glorious past. The origin of the founder of the family can be traced to the village of Poreč (today Donji Milanovac, Serbia) on an island on the Danube. According to some scholars, the name Shishman is a Turkish translation of the nickname Debeljak (means Fat man) which Novak was known.
Rebellion against the Turks
Novak was born in the 1530s and in his early years studied at the monastery of Poreč. Afterward he began his career as a hajduk at an early age after he was imprisoned and beaten by Turks, that led him to leave his birthplace and take refuge in the forests of the Timok Valley where he quickly learned the use of weapons and military from a harambaš Hajduk. He soon formed his četa (band of hajduks) and started a violent fight against the Turks. His strong personality and military prowess made him a man of many followers and his guerrillas became a strong fighting force. He joined the forces of Michael the Brave in Banat with 2000 hajduks for the liberation of the Vlach lands and was made captain of the Brigands. In 1601 he was captured by the enemies of Prince Michael, sentenced to death and executed. After his death he is venerated as a hero Starina Novak in the Serb epic poetry and in Bulgarian and Romanian tales. According to the legend Novak had two sons Grujica and Sratsimir (Tatomir), who also fought with the Turks.
The next important member of the family Shishmanoğlu was a son of Sratsimir Rostislav, who claimed the title Prince of Tarnovo and was a leader of Second Tarnovo Uprising. In 1686 he left for Russia, intending to gain support in the rebellion. At Moscow he met Russian Orthodox Patriarch Joachim and asked him for help. Upon the start of the Russo-Turkish War (1686–1700), the rebellion broke out prematurely in the old Bulgarian capital of Tarnovo. Rostislav returned to Ottoman Bulgaria, but the Ottoman forces were much greater and the rebellion was suppressed. After many adventures he went back to Moscow, where he finally married to the niece of the patriarch and gave the foundations of the Russian noble family Saveliev–Rostislavic.
Establishment in Vidin
In 1592 Grujica settled in the Bulgarian town of Vidin which in the Middle Ages was the residence of the Shishman Royal dynasty. His successors are engaged in tailoring, while the marriage of a one their girl with influential Bosnian janissar, give unexpected rise of the family. In 1794 their grandson Osman Pazvantoğlu became governor of the Vidin district and a rebel against Ottoman rule. When Osman runs, he delegated his financial affairs of his cousin Emmanuel Shishmanoğlu, who accumulate great wealth. Emmanuel developed a finance house by installing each of his four sons in the main economic centres in Ottoman and Austrian Empires. Unlike the Christian usurers of earlier centuries, who had financed and managed Turkish noble houses, but often lost their wealth through violence or expropriation, the system created by the Shishmanoğlu was impervious to local attacks. Their assets were held in financial instruments, circulating through the world as stocks, bonds and debts. The skills of Emmanuel allowed them to insulate their property from local violence. They managed to maintain their privileges after the death of Pazvantoğlu and even they are given the title Çorbacı.
In 1850, however, the sons of Emmanuel support a large uprising in Vidin, because they hope to restore autonomy to the district and to become its princes. Punishment were expelled from the town and their business is destroyed.
Political success
After the Liberation of Bulgaria from Ottoman rule, the family enter into the political life of the country. The son of Emmanuel, Alexander Shishmanov was elected to mayor of the town of Svishtov. Other family members are politics and diplomats too. Of these the most famous is Dr. Assen Shishmanov and Prof. Ivan Shishmanov.
In 1884 Ivan Shishmanov went abroad to study, attending over the years the universities of Jena, Geneva, and Leipzig. He became a professor at the University of Sofia in 1894. From 1903 to 1907 he served as Bulgaria's minister of education. Shishmanov was the first Bulgarian scholar to study literature from the point of view of culture and social history. He did considerable research on writers and cultural figures of the Bulgarian national renaissance of the period 1750 to 1878. His works include writings on Bulgaria's literary ties with Russia and Ukraine and a series of lectures on comparative Western European literatures in the 18th century.
Dimiter Shishmanov, the son of Ivan Shishmanov also involved in politics and became Minister of Foreign Affairs during the Second World War. As a minister he supported Bulgaria's entry into Tripartite Pact and after the war was executed by the communists.
Family tree
References
External links
Видинските първенци Шишманови
Bulgarian nobility
Phanariotes
Rosario Licata (born 16 January 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Italian Eccellenza Sicily club Unitas Sciacca.
Career
Born in Sciacca, Sicily, Licata was a player for Campobello di Mazara in 2006–07 Serie D. From 2007 to 2009, he was a player for the reserve team of Udinese Calcio.
Licata left for SPAL in July 2009. In July 2010, he joined Como along with Francesco Bossa. Licata was the starting defender for Como in first half of the season, which he made 9 starts. He only played 4 times in the second half of the season due to injury. In summer 2011, he was signed by Viareggio. Licata was a player for Portogruaro in 2012–13 Lega Pro Prima Divisione. Licata returned to Udine again on 1 July 2013. He was the member of Udinese B team in 2013 pre-season, which against Udinese A on 28 July and Clodiense on 4 August. On 5 August, he was on trial at Lega Pro 2nd Division newcomer Foggia. On 31 January 2014, he was signed by fellow fourth division club Sorrento. Both clubs had to finish 8th or above in order to avoid relegation to Serie D, as at the end of season the prime division and the second division of Lega Pro would be merged, thus Serie D would be the fourth division of the whole system again, be remained amateur (de facto semi-pro).
From 2014 to 2018, he played for several Serie D and Eccellenza (fourth- and fifth-tear) teams.
On 12 August 2018, he signed with Serie C club Cavese.
On 21 August 2019, he joined fifth-tier Eccellenza side Akragas.
References
External links
AIC profile (data by www.football.it)
Lega Serie A profile
1989 births
Living people
People from Sciacca
Italian footballers
Udinese Calcio players
Como 1907 players
S.P.A.L. players
F.C. Esperia Viareggio players
A.S.D. Portogruaro players
Calcio Foggia 1920 players
A.S.D. Sorrento players
Cavese 1919 players
Association football defenders
Serie C players
Serie D players
Footballers from Sicily
Sicily international footballers
Sportspeople from the Province of Agrigento
Bruce Rodney Wingate Parker, (born 20 July 1941) is a British journalist and television presenter whose career spanned the mid-1960s to 2003, when he retired.
Career
Strongly committed to regional broadcasting, he was responsible in the mid-1960s for a pilot local radio station in the Channel Islands, which eventually led to the setting up of a string of BBC local radio stations across the UK. In 1967 he joined BBC South in Southampton, where he remained for most of his career, making a name as the main presenter and reporter for South Today for 35 years, a record stint for any regional presenter in the UK. He was also a respected political interviewer and later BBC South's political editor, hosting South of Westminster and South on Sunday.
In the 1970s he became a familiar face to viewers in the rest of Britain, first as a network news reporter and later as the first host of Antiques Roadshow (which he helped set up with Robin Drake) and a regular contributor to and presenter of Nationwide. He also presented the BBC1 arts magazine Mainstream in 1979 and a number of Songs of Praise editions in the 1970s and 1980s. He was also the BBC commentator for the raising of the Mary Rose in October 1982, clips of which regularly appear on nostalgia and retrospective programmes. He also presented a number of programmes on Radio 4 including The Week's Antiques, which he devised, and the regional Today from the South and West.
He has won several Royal Television Society awards and is the author of Everybody's Soapbox (with Nigel Farrell), The History of Elizabeth College and A History of Guernsey Full-Bore Rifle Shooting.
Brought up in Guernsey, Parker was educated at Elizabeth College Guernsey followed by the University of Wales and a postgraduate degree at the University of Reading. He is chairman of the friends of Winchester Cathedral and a cathedral trustee. He also chairs two educational charities in Guernsey, the Elizabeth College Foundation and the Gibson Fleming Trust. He is a former chairman of Harestock School governors in Winchester, a resident of Appleshaw in Hampshire and was chairman of Appleshaw Parish Council for six years until January 2016. He is a vice-patron of both the Hampshire and Isle of Wight air ambulance and Smile Support and Care charities, and an ambassador for Leukaemia Busters in Southampton.
References
External links
Retirement and special award from BBC
1941 births
Living people
British male journalists
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Place of birth missing (living people)
Guernsey people
People from Appleshaw
Francis Black may refer to:
Francis Black (1870–1941), politician in Manitoba, Canada
Francis Marion Black (1836–1902), Justice of the Missouri Supreme Court
See also
Black Francis, American singer, songwriter and guitarist
Frank Black (disambiguation)
Frances Black (born 1960), Irish singer
Sargochromis is a genus of haplochromine cichlids native to freshwater habitats in Southern Africa, where found in the upper and middle Zambezi basin, Okavango delta, Cunene basin, Cuvelai basin and southeastern Congo Basin. They are typically known as happies (a name also used for some other haplocromines) or smallmouths. The latter name refers to their small mouth compared to their close relatives, the largemouths of the genus Serranochromis. Unlike the species in that genus which mostly feed on other fish, Sargochromis mostly feed on invertebrates (especially molluscs and aquatic insects), but in some species plant material (especially seeds) is important. On occasion they will also eat small fish, and the stomachs of S. carlottae and S. codringtonii commonly contain fish scales, but whether these are already-lost scales that are picked off the bottom or they are actively bumped off large fish is unknown. Some of the species that feed heavily on aquatic snails have been used for biological pest control. Sargochromis are mouthbrooders. Depending on the exact species, they reach a maximum total length of .
Sargochromis support important local fisheries, and some are also considered game fish. Although a few species have quite small distributions, they generally remain fairly common overall. All Sargochromis species are considered the least concern (not threatened) by the IUCN, except the relatively poorly known S. thysi, which is considered data deficient (available information is insufficient for determining its conservation status).
Species and taxonomy
There are currently eight recognized species in this genus:
Sargochromis carlottae (Boulenger, 1905) (Rainbow Happy)
Sargochromis codringtonii (Boulenger, 1908) (Green Happy)
Sargochromis coulteri (Bell-Cross, 1975) (Cunene Happy)
Sargochromis giardi (Pellegrin, 1903) (Pink Happy)
Sargochromis greenwoodi (Bell-Cross, 1975) (Greenwood's Happy)
Sargochromis mellandi (Boulenger, 1905) (Snaileater)
Sargochromis mortimeri (Bell-Cross, 1975) (Mortimer's Happy)
Sargochromis thysi (Poll, 1967)
A few other, possibly undescribed species are known.
In the past, Sargochromis was considered a subgenus of Serranochromis, but today it is generally recognized as a separate genus. These genera, along with Chetia, Pharyngochromis and others, form a group sometimes known as the serranochromines or Serranochromini. How many other genera that are included varies, with some defining the group relatively narrowly and others broadly. Genetic evidence indicates that several genera in this group, including Sargochromis, are not monophyletic.
References
Haplochromini
Cichlid genera
Taxa named by Charles Tate Regan
Generative may refer to:
Generative actor, a person who instigates social change
Generative art, art that has been created using an autonomous system that is frequently, but not necessarily, implemented using a computer
Generative music, music that is ever-different and changing, and that is created by a system
Mathematics and science
Generative anthropology, a field of study based on the theory that history of human culture is a genetic or "generative" development stemming from the development of language
Generative model, a model for randomly generating observable data in probability and statistics
Generative programming, a type of computer programming in which some mechanism generates a computer program to allow human programmers write code at a higher abstraction level
Generative sciences, an interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary science that explores the natural world and its complex behaviours as a generative process
Generative systems, systems that use a few basic rules to yield patterns which can be extremely varied and unpredictable
Language
Generative grammar, an approach to theoretical linguistics based on sets of rules that generate grammatically correct sentences
Generative lexicon, a theory of semantics which focuses on the distributed nature of compositionality in natural language
Generative metrics, theories of verse structure based on generative linguistic ideas
Generative principle, the idea in foreign language teaching that humans have the capacity to generate an infinite number of phrases from a finite grammatical competence
Generative semantics, an approach developed from transformational generative grammar that assumes that deep structures are the sole input to semantic interpretation
See also
Generate (disambiguation)
The following is a list of hotels located on the Las Vegas Strip.
List of hotels
See also
Lists of hotels
References
External links
Map of Las Vegas Hotels
Las Vegas Strip
Lists of hotels by city
Hotels
Hotels
Mother Eleanor O'Byrne R.S.C.J. (September 12, 1896 October 4, 1987) was a civil rights activist and the fifth president of Manhattanville College. She was best known for her efforts to reform the American educational system in order to provide equity for women and African Americans, as well as facilitating the transfer of the Manhattanville College campus from New York City to Purchase, New York. She later was president of Universidad del Sagrado Corazón.
Early life
O'Byrne was born on September 12, 1896 to Marie A. O'Byrne (née McDonough) and Michael Alphonsus O'Byrne. She grew up in Savannah, Georgia, and had four siblings, all of whom died young.
The values of religion and civic engagement were instilled in her from a young age, as her father, a prominent Savannah lawyer, was a member of such organizations as the American Irish Historical Society and the Knights of Columbus, as well as vice president of the St. Vincent de Paul Society, and president of the Female Orphans Benevolent Society. The family attended services at Cathedral parish, and carried those religious beliefs into their home. Her mother was also very religious, and donated money to the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist restoration effort.
Her mother died in 1903, and her father eventually remarried to Sara Lorene Wren, who happened to be a Manhattanville alumna from the class of 1900.
Education and early career
O'Byrne was first educated at the Pape School in Savannah, Georgia, and then furthered her studies at Manhattanville College. She won the ”Prize of Excellence” award at her graduation in 1915. The following year, she became a member of the Society of the Sacred Heart, and after doing her noviceship at Kenwood Convent, she took her vows on December 8, 1918. She then went on to get her Master's degree from Fordham University.
She got her first job out of college as the Directress of Studies at Convent of the Sacred Heart, Overbrook, which is now known as Sacred Heart Academy Bryn Mawr, from 1924 to 1928. She was relocated to a Washington, D.C. area school within the Sacred Heart network for the 1928-1929 school year. She then got another Bachelor's degree from Oxford in 1933, and was subsequently employed at Manhattanville College as a history professor for the 1933-1934 school year. She was given the post of Dean of Students the following school year, and remained as such until 1945. She got her second Master's degree from Oxford in 1936.
Academia
O'Byrne was Manhattanville College's president from 1945 to 1966, appointed as such after the unexpected death of her predecessor, Mother Grace Damman. O'Byrne was beloved by the students, and on a first-name basis with almost all of them.
During her tenure as president, she tripled the worth of the school to $19.1 million, and increased alumni contributions from $65,000 in 1945 to $169,050 in 1965. Additionally, she doubled the amount of faculty and increased the school's enrollment from 399 students in her first year to 935 in her final.
She is most remembered for transferring the school to a new location. City College was struggling to keep up with a boom of new students in the wake of World War II, and requested permission to take over Manhattanville's campus on September 15, 1949. Manhattanville got a new piece of land, the estate of Whitelaw Reid, a diplomat, that was located in Purchase, New York. They planned and constructed the new campus in one and a half years. The old Manhattanville campus was officially absorbed by City College on October 27, 1951 by the City of New York's right of eminent domain. $8,808620 was awarded to Manhattanville for their campus and buildings.
Under O'Byrne's leadership, the 1960s brought with it a more political student body. Students became involved in racial equality, poverty, apartheid, and substance abuse through protests and lawmaking. On August 28, 1963, she led two professors and six students from Manhattanville College to Washington D.C. in order to participate in the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.
In 1962, the school finished the building that was dedicated as the O'Byrne Chapel, which was named after her. When she was questioned about the abstract nature of the chapel's stained glass windows, she retorted, “We are living in a contemporary world–not in the 13th century.”
From 1967 to 1970, O'Byrne served as president of Universidad del Sagrado Corazón.
Advocacy work
O'Byrne strove to create equality in education, the workplace, and the world as a whole. She created and was a part of many organizations, like the Department of Education and New York state committees, the American Association of University Women, the College Entrance Examination Board, and White House Conference on Civil Rights, working in close proximity to political leaders like Robert F. Kennedy and Nelson Rockefeller.
She made great strides for equality on a plethora of boards and committees, however, she was most proud of her efforts to aid the African American community. In 1953, she started tried to convince the Association of American Colleges to make scholarships and fellowships open to black students. She was also a director of Catholic Scholarships for Negroes Inc., a member of the United Negro College Fund, on the advisory committee of the John La Farge Institute, and advised the National Scholarship Service and Fund for Negro Students. In 1963 she worked on an interracial justice campaign with Roy Wilkins, Executive Secretary of the NAACP.
She received many honorary degrees and awards for her efforts towards gender, racial, and educational equity. She was given honorary degrees from NYU, Fordham University, University of Notre Dame , Georgetown University, and Boston College. She was also awarded the Award of Palmes Academiques from France's government as a form of recognition for how she had contributed to education in 1966.
Retirement
When O'Byrne announced her retirement for July 1966, it was to the shock of many people in the community. Although she was in good health and not ill of mind or body, she was ready to move on. In light of this decision, she was honored in the Congressional Record by Ogden R. Reid of New York as “One of the ablest, most creative and thoughtful leaders of higher education in America.”
Although she was no longer Manhattanville's president, she did not cease her advocacy work, nor did she lose her sense of humor. She said herself that “I won't be knitting by the fireplace” in her retirement. She continued to serve on New York Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller's Commission on the Education and Employment of Women from 1963 to 1970, after which she began a more isolated retirement at Kenwood Convent, during which she worked on a classified educational project. She died there of an illness on October 4, 1987 at the age of 91.
References
1896 births
1987 deaths
American civil rights activists
Women civil rights activists
American nuns
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
People from Georgia (U.S. state)
Education in the United States
Leadership
Manhattanville College
Manhattanville College people
Manhattanville College faculty
The 1990 Sabah state election was held between Monday, 16 July and Tuesday, 17 July 1990. Parti Bersatu Sabah was the incumbent ruling party in the state and part of the Barisan Nasional coalition, which PBS joined after the 1986 state election. USNO was also a member of the BN but rival of PBS. Therefore, PBS and USNO candidates were made to contest under their own party tickets.
In 1992 5 USNO assemblyman join PBS. The other 7 USNO member remained within UMNO Sabah.
Results
|-
! rowspan=2 colspan=4 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" | Party
! rowspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Candidates
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Vote
! colspan=3 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Seats
|-
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Won
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |+/–
|-
| style="background-color: #ADD8E6;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |United Sabah Party|| PBS || 48 || || || 34 || 70.83 || 0
|-
| style="background-color: #008000;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |United Sabah National Organisation||USNO|| 37 || || || 14 || 29.17 || +2
|-
|
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |People's Justice Front||AKAR|| 43 || || || 0 || 0.00 || New
|-
|
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |Sabah People's United Front||BERJAYA|| 48 || || || 0 || 0.00 || -1
|-
| style="background-color: ;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |Democratic Action Party||DAP|| 7 || || || 0 || 0.00 || 0
|-
| style="background-color: #FF7F00;" |
|colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |Liberal Democratic Party || LDP || 14 || || || 0 || 0.00 || New
|-
|
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |Sabah People's Party||PRS|| 42 || || || 0 || 0.00 || New
|-
| style="background-color: ;" |
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |Independents||IND|| 25 || || || 0 || 0.00 || 0
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Valid votes|| ||rowspan=2 colspan="4" style="background-color:#dcdcdc"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Invalid/blank votes||
|-
| colspan="5" style="text-align:left;" | Total votes (voter turnout: %) || || 100.00 || 48 || 100.00 || 0
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Did not vote|| ||rowspan="4" colspan="4" style="background-color:#dcdcdc"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Registered voters||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Voting age population (aged 21 years and above)||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Sabah's population||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan=10 |
Source:
|}
References
1990
1990 elections in Malaysia
Bojnu () may refer to:
Bojnu-ye Olya
The 2017–18 Mohun Bagan A.C. season is the 128th season of Mohun Bagan A.C. since the club's formation in 1889 and their 11th season in the I-League which is India's top football league. They finished 2nd in the table in the Calcutta Football League and finished 3rd in the I-League.
Sanjoy Sen resigned as the coach of Mohun Bagan on 2 January 2018 following three home draws and a defeat against Chennai City placing the team in 4th position, virtually ending their title hopes. Shankarlal Chakraborthy was appointed as head coach for the remainder of the season.
Their title hopes however did stay intact till the last fixture of the season where they could have won the title had other results gone in their favour, but it was not to be and Minerva Punjab ultimately clinched the title. Although the 2017–18 season was not an ideal season for the club after a loss of form and change of coach midway through the season along with injuries to important players like Sony Norde and Yuta Kinowaki, they did manage to win both the home and away fixtures against arch rivals East Bengal.
Sponsor
As of 3 December 2017
Players
Current squad
Competitions
Calcutta Football League
I-League
Table
Results by round
Fixtures & results
Super Cup
Round of 16
Quarter final
Semi final
Player statistics
Goal scorers
Technical staff
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Position
! Name
|-
| Chief Coach
| Sankarlal Chakraborty
|-
| Assistant Coach
|
|-
| Goalkeeping Coach
| Arpan Dey
|-
| Physical Trainer
| Samiran Bag
|-
| Physiotherapist
| Abhinandan Chatterjee
|-
| Club Doctor
| Dr. Protim Roy
|-
| Team Manager
| Satyajit Chatterjee
Awards
Player
References
Mohun Bagan AC seasons
Mohun Bagan
The 2017–18 ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking, are the World Standings and Season's World Ranking published by the International Skating Union (ISU) during the 2017–18 season.
The 2017–18 ISU Season's World Ranking is based on the results of the 2017–18 season only, for single & pair skating and ice dance.
Season's World Ranking
The remainder of this section is a complete list, by discipline, published by the ISU.
Men's singles (149 skaters)
Ladies' singles (157 skaters)
See also
ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking
2017–18 ISU World Standings
List of the highest ranked figure skaters by nation
List of ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking statistics
2017–18 figure skating season
2017–18 synchronized skating season
References
External links
International Skating Union
ISU World standings for Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance / ISU Season's World Ranking
ISU World standings for Synchronized Skating
2017–18
Standings and Ranking
Standings and Ranking
Death Wish Kids may refer to:
Death Wish Kids, previous band of Pretty Girls Make Graves members Andrea Zollo and Derek Fudesco
"Death Wish Kids", song by Poison Idea from Kings of Punk, covered by Pass Out Kings on We Claim Victory
The Steam-Driven Boy and other strangers is a science fiction short story collection by John Sladek, published in 1973.
Contents
"The Secret of the Old Custard" (1966) (also known as "The Babe in the Oven")
"The Aggressor" (1969)
"The Best-Seller" (1966)
"Is There Death on Other Planets?" (1966)
"The Happy Breed" (1967)
"A Report on the Migrations of Educational Materials" (1968)
"The Singular Visitor from Not-Yet" (1968)
"The Short, Happy Wife of Mansard Eliot" (1971)
"The Momster" (1969)
"1937 A.D.!" (1967)
"Secret Identity" (1970)
"The Transcendental Sandwich" (1973)
"The Steam-Driven Boy" (1972)
The Parodies:
"The Purloined Butter...*dg*r *ll*n P**" (1972)
"Pemberly's Start-Afresh Calliope or, The New Proteus...H.G. W*lls" (1971)
"Ralph 4F...H*g* G*rnsb*ck (Hugogre N. Backs)" (1973)
"Engineer to the Gods...R*b*rt H**nl**n (Hitler I.E. Bonner)" (1972)
"Broot Force...*s**c *s*m*v (Iclick As-I-Move)" (1972)
"Joy Ride...R*y Br*db*ry (Barry DuBray)" (1972)
"The Moon Is Sixpence...*rth*r C. Cl*rk* (Carl Truhacker)" (1981)
"Solar Shoe-Salesman...Ph*l*p K. D*ck (Chipdip K. Kill)" (1973)
"One Damned Thing After Another...C*rdw**n*r Sm*th (A Co-ordainer's Myth)" (1981)
"The Sublimation World...J.G. B*ll*rd (J.G. B----)" (1968)
External links
1973 books
1973 short stories
Science fiction anthologies
Panther Books books
Shakthi Leelai (தமிழ்: சக்தி லீலை, English: The Plays of Goddess Shakti) is a Tamil language film released in 1972. The film was directed by T. R. Ramanna and produced by T. G. Somasundaram. The film script was written by Thuraiyur K. Moorthi. It starred B. Saroja Devi, Gemini Ganeshan, Jayalalithaa, K. B. Sundarambal and K. R. Vijaya in the lead roles. It is noted for being the last multi-starrer mythological film. The music was provided by T. K. Ramamoorthy. It was a successful film on its release. Later, The film was dubbed in 1976 into Hindi as Tu Hi Kali Tu Hi Durga and 1985 into Telugu as Parashakthi Mahimalu.
Cast
Gemini Ganeshan as Lord Shiva
Ushanandini as Shakti/Samayapuram Mariamman
Jayalalithaa as Periyapalayathu Bhavani amman/Punyakshi Devi
Sivakumar as Narada Muni
Major Sundararajan as Jamadagni Munivar
Saroja Devi as Renukambal
Usharani as Saraswati
Master Sridhar as Parasuraman
K. B. Sundarambal as Woman Saint
S. V. Sahasranamam as The King
Senthamarai as The Minister
A. V. M. Rajan as Prohit
Manjula as Poonguzhali, a Classical dancer
Gandhimathi as Poonkuzhali's Mother
K. R. Vijaya as Thangam
K. Vijayan as Thangam's Husband
S. A. Ashokan as Vaana Sooran
Manorama as Kaveri
V. K. Ramasamy as Kaveri's Husband
Pakoda Kadhar as Gopal, Kaveri's Adaptive Son
V. Nagaiah as Tamil Pandit Devi Daasan
K. Kannan
Shanmuga Sundaram as Brinkki Munivar
Karikol Raju as Washerman
Udaiyappan as Vettiyan
V. R. Thilagam as Vettiyan's Wife
Crew
Director: T. R. Ramanna
Art: B. Nagarajan
Stills: Lakshmanan
Lyrics: Kannadasan
Lyrics-help: Panchu Arunachalam
Music: T. K. Ramamoorthy
Cinematography: M. A. Rahuman
Edited by: T. R. Srinivasalu
Design: Eswar and Venkata Rao
Publicity: Mars Advertising Bureau
Processing: Gemini Colour Lab
Properties: Cine Crafts and Nadha Muni & Sons
Audiography: S. P. Ramanathan
Re – Recording: S. P. Ramanathan
Choreography: Pasumarthi Krishnamoorthy, Dhandayuthapani Pillai, B. S. Moorthy and Vimala
Soundtrack
The music was composed by T. K. Ramamoorthy and Lyrics were written by Kannadasan. The playback singers consist of K. B. Sundarambal, T. M. Soundararajan, P. Susheela, L. R. Eswari, M. S. Rajeswari, M. R. Vijaya, Sarala and Pattu.
References
External links
1970s musical films
1970s Tamil-language films
1972 films
Films about reincarnation
Films about royalty
Films about shapeshifting
Films directed by T. R. Ramanna
Hindu devotional films
Hindu mythological films
Indian dance films
Indian musical films
Religious epic films
The Terra Nova Islands () are a pair of small phantom islands. They were thought to lie off Oates Coast, East Antarctica, about 14 nautical miles (26 km) north of Williamson Head in the Somov Sea.
History
The Terra Nova islands were "sighted" from the Magga Dan on 8 March 1961, by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE) under Phillip Law. They were named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) after the Terra Nova, which was the lead expedition ship of the 1910–13 British Antarctic Expedition, and from which Royal Navy Lieutenant H.L.L. Pennell discovered and charted coastal points in the vicinity.
In 1989, the German GANOVEX V expedition planned to visit the islands and map them. But when the expedition's geologists arrived at the listed coordinates via helicopter, no sign of the islands could be found in the area. Depth measurements via echo sounding by the research ship Polar Queen showed water depths between 170 and 355 meters at the islands' purported location. Subsequent visits to the area by the GANOVEX VII and GANOVEX VIII expeditions confirmed the nonexistence of the islands.
Terra Nova Canyon
Terra Nova Canyon () is an undersea canyon named in association with the Terra Nova Islands. Name approved 6/88 (ACUF 228).
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Phantom subantarctic islands
Islands of Oates Land
Rev. Peter Hempson Ditchfield, FSA (1854–1930) was a Church of England priest, an historian and a prolific author. He is notable for having co-edited three Berkshire volumes of the Victoria County History which were published between 1907 and 1924.
Life
Ditchfield was born in Westhoughton, Lancashire in 1854. He was schooled at the Clitheroe Royal Grammar School and studied at Oriel College, Oxford. He was ordained deacon in 1878 and priest in 1879. Ditchfield served his title as curate of St Michael's parish church, Sandhurst until 1880, followed by a second curacy at Christ Church, Reading, Berkshire.
Ditchfield was appointed Rector of Barkham in 1886: a post that he held until his death. From 1886 until 1903 Ditchfield was Inspector of Schools for the Diocese of Oxford.
In 1898 Ditchfield married the daughter of Charles Smith of Ravenswood, Berkshire.
Ditchfield was an historian and a prolific author. He also co-edited with W.H. Page three Berkshire volumes of the Victoria County History, which were published in 1907, 1923 and 1924.
Ditchfield was Secretary of the Berkshire Archaeological Society for 38 years until 1929, when he became its president. He edited the Berks, Bucks and Oxon Archaeological Journal from 1897 until his death.
Ditchfield was a Freemason. He was Grand Chaplain of the Freemasons of England in 1917 and of the Mark Masons in 1918.
References
Selected works
External links
Berkshire Archaeological Society
1854 births
1930 deaths
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
19th-century English Anglican priests
20th-century English Anglican priests
English local historians
19th-century English historians
British medievalists
Historians of the British Isles
People from Westhoughton
English male non-fiction writers
Contributors to the Victoria County History
People educated at Clitheroe Royal Grammar School
20th-century English historians
BoomBots is a fighting video game released in 1999 for PlayStation. It was created by Doug TenNapel, and it was developed by The Neverhood, Inc. and published by SouthPeak Interactive. BoomBots features distinctive claymation visuals and various amounts of toilet humor. The game was both a critical and commercial failure.
Gameplay
BoomBots is a 3D arena fighting game in which the player has the choice of ten characters (boombots) for either single player or multiplayer.
In single player, the objective is to beat recolors of the ten boombots (which includes a r-color of the player's boombot if they aren't a secret boombot) to progress through the story and win the game. If the player remains undefeated, they get to fight recolors of secret boombots in secret stages during the story, unlocking those boombots and stages upon victory. In total, the game features 15 boombots along with 15 stages.
Multiplayer is similar to single player, except that the player faces off in a round against a human opponent rather than an AI-opponent. In addition, the player can pick the stage to fight on.
Plot
In the year 15 million (alternatively on Earth is 2033), a spaceship interrupts picnickers in an American park. The ship belongs to aliens, resembling cats, called the Feline Alien Research Troop (FART), led by alien cat Mandu. They begin abducting Earth's common household cats, using robots known as Boombots, and almost destroy Earth in the process. To stop the world from being destroyed completely, the scientists Dr. Doe, Dr. Pick, and Dr. Newton come up with the idea of just sending the cats to the aliens in a giant rocket. However, what humans do not know is that the cats have been protecting them from another race, the United Rat Infestation Nation. To bring the house cats back and to stop the rats from taking over, the humans team up with feline-alien double agent Paul to create the Boombots Underground Technology Team.
Development
Development for the game started in January 1998, when Doug TenNapel designed ten of the robots for BoomBots. Eventually, in March 1998, TenNapel managed to show the designs to Steven Spielberg of DreamWorks Interactive. He then received his approval to have The Neverhood, Inc. develop the game alongside DreamWorks. During February 1999, SouthPeak Interactive showed interest in publishing BoomBots. When BoomBots became a 'hit' during the May 1999 E3 trade show, SouthPeak announced that they would officially publish BoomBots. BoomBots then entered alpha development stage on July 15, 1999 reaching beta development stage on August 15, 1999 before its US release in December 1999.
Reception
The game received mixed reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings. Although the game received some praise for its claymation cutscenes, it was noted to be otherwise lacking graphically. Primarily, criticism has been on the graininess and lack of detail of the characters and stages. In addition, although there was praise for the thematic diversity of characters and stages, the game was criticized in ultimately lacking replay value due to missing variety within character movesets. Furthermore, the criticism of replay value was also fueled by lack of gameplay elements within stages, and repetitiveness in character storylines. Jeff Lundigan of NextGen said of the game, "Imagine Power Stone ported to PlayStation, substitute 'wacky' robots, then add Claymation cut scenes that tell no story and are only vaguely related to what's going on. Finally, take everything that was good about Power Stone and put it somewhere else. That, in a nutshell, describes Boombots. Oh, and it's also frustrating as hell."
Notes
References
External links
1999 video games
Clay animation video games
DreamWorks Interactive games
Electronic Arts games
Fighting games
PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation (console)-only games
Video games about robots
Video games developed in the United States
Kaltenborn is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
The Lavender Line is a heritage railway based at Isfield Station, near Uckfield in East Sussex, England.
History
The Lavender Line forms part of the Lewes to Uckfield Railway opened to the public on 18 October 1858. This independent company became part of the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway (LB&SCR) in 1864 to safeguard that company's interests east of its London to Brighton main line. Ten years from its opening, Isfield saw through workings from Brighton to Tunbridge Wells and later Tonbridge, via a new Uckfield–Groombridge link. The Uckfield to Lewes section was doubled at this time, though the extension north of Uckfield was single track until 1894.
Prior to 1868 trains from Uckfield travelling south to Lewes joined the Keymer Junction to Lewes line north of Lewes at Hamsey, latterly called the "Hamsey Loop". In order to avoid reversal of trains to Brighton at Lewes the 1868 works included abandoning the Hamsey Loop with the heavily engineered new line entering Lewes from the east. In Lewes the new line traversed a bridge over the River Ouse then a bridge over Cliffe High Street and some sidings to Lewes Station via a number of embankments and there were two other substantial new bridges further north. The mileage of the line also changed following this route alteration, with the zero milepost now at Brighton, so Isfield's location became .
The East Grinstead line, opened in 1882 and closed in 1958, part of which now forms the Bluebell Railway, branched off the line at Culver Junction, near Culver Farm between Lewes and Barcombe Mills.
Closure
As early as 1964 BR was aware of planned road works in and around the Lewes area, in which a bypass (Phases 1, 2 & 3) around Lewes was planned. As part of this the building of the Phoenix Causeway (Phase 1) would mean that a section of the Lewes to Uckfield railway line was in the way – requiring either a level crossing or a road bridge. BR therefore applied for an Act of Parliament to reinstate the Hamsey loop. Curiously in 1966 the local TUCC received notification from BR that the line from Lewes to Hurst Green Junction was to close in its entirety. The reason for this was that the line was one of those slated for closure in the first Beeching report published in 1963, listing it as an unremunerative line.
Opposition from the many railway travellers resulted. Their case was centred on the fact that a motorway costing formula was used to prove that the users would waste some in excess travel compared to BR's calculated loss of only . In the end the TUCC upheld the users' complaints. In early 1968 BR made another attempt to close the line. This time the Transport Minister, Barbara Castle, requested more information from BR, which was furnished to her successor, Richard Marsh, who took over as Transport Minister in April 1968. At this time structural problems with the bridge over Cliffe High Street in Lewes were identified, which necessitated single line working, with a revised timetable in place to reflect this.
From the information requested by his predecessor, and of all the scenarios that were examined by the Minister, he agreed in August 1968 to the closure of the Lewes to Uckfield section of line. But the resultant row over the severing of what was a very important rail link began. Considerable opposition from the users centred, in the first instance, around the inadequate replacement bus service – which had Ministerial approval. The issue was resolved by the Transport Commissioners who, on examination of all the complaints from the users and undertaking the journey themselves, upheld the users' complaints. However concerns over the state of the bridge over Cliffe High Street remained and finally the BR Chief Civil Engineer declared the bridge unsafe. The last train at Isfield was on 24 February 1969 but a rail replacement bus service operated until 6 May, with the station closing on that date.
In late 1968, BR had again applied to close the remaining section of the line, from Uckfield to Hurst Green Junction. This was refused in January 1969 by the Minister as there was a social need for the line and, in accordance with Section 39 of the Transport Act 1968, a subsidy could be paid with Treasury approval for a three-year period.
The route between Lewes and Uckfield has been protected from development in various local and structure plans since the mid-1970s. This attempts to ensure that nothing further is built which could prevent the line from re-opening. This planning policy protection still remained in force in 2008. Sale of the track bed and stations was postponed for some 15 years by a number of unsuccessful attempts to re-open the closed section of line. A short length of track used as a headshunt remained south of Uckfield until the construction of Uckfield bypass in 1983.
Private ownership and initial restoration
On 16 June 1983 Isfield railway station was purchased at auction by Dave and Gwen Milham both as a depot for their landscaping business and with restoration of the station in mind. The booking hall and signal box were renovated, the station awning refurbished, and all platform signs were replaced. The original down platform waiting room had been purchased by the Bluebell Railway in 1978, and resituated at Sheffield Park station. Two months were spent constructing a replica on the original foundations, completed in January 1984. In cooperation with the Bluebell Railway Dave Milham purchased track material from British Rail, made available from work being done at Croydon. Initially track was laid as part of a cosmetic restoration with a static locomotive but this later became a working railway.
Restoration of the station was completed by the spring of 1987 with the reinstatement of of permanent way on the original track bed. A new engine shed was constructed at Isfield as an extension to the owner's groundworks machinery shed. The total cost of restoration exceeded according to the Milhams.
The station was named 'The Lavender Line' since A.E. Lavender and Sons were the local coal merchants who had operated from the station yard. Two engines were purchased for use at the station: 'Annie', a Barclay 0-4-0 saddle tank previously in service at Bury Transport Museum, and 'Ugly', RSH 0-6-0 saddle tank number 64, purchased while on loan at the North Yorkshire Moors Railway. A third engine was purchased, a 2-10-0 built by the North British Locomotive Company, which had to be shipped from Greece to the United Kingdom. The engine was christened 'Dame Vera Lynn' by Dame Vera Lynn herself at the station on 6 August 1986. This engine proved too large for the then railway, however, and was sold to Clifford Brown, a British-born American businessman living in Virginia, USA. Mr Brown sent the engine to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway where it now resides.
Preservation Society
Mr Milham's business failed in 1991 and the Lavender Line was put up for sale, initially for £1.3 million. This sale and a later auction seeking around £500,000 were not successful. Eventually, in November 1992, the railway (without the station house) was bought from Mr Milham's bankers by Lavender Line Ltd. The Lavender Line Ltd is in turn controlled by the Lavender Line Preservation Society, a registered charity formed initially by volunteers who had helped Mr Milham. The first public trains under the new owners operated on Sunday 30 May 1993 after significant track alterations required by the Railway Inspectorate. The initial has subsequently been extended to just under with the line terminating at the first of two bridges over the river Uck. The track remaining south of Uckfield in 1983 reached the second Uck bridge (about further north) but the two never joined.
Stations
Isfield
Isfield station remains the headquarters, operating base, and engineering base of the Lavender Line. Since its restoration in the 1980s the station has been a popular attraction for the local area, and remains a well-celebrated example of a restored period railway station. The station has won awards for its restoration, and proved popular as a location for film and television shoots requiring a period railway station. The original buildings all survive except for the downside platform shelter replaced by a replica used as a shop, though considerable changes have been made to the upside buildings to convert the original booking office, waiting room and lady's toilet to a cafe. The station house has been sympathetically extended but is not part of the Lavender Line and remains occupied as a private dwelling. The signal box is now grade 2 listed and does not operate the station.
Worth Halt
Work started in December 2011 on building a halt style platform at the Uck river bridge, together with a picnic area. It was opened on the Saturday of the first Diesel Gala in July 2012, and named Worth Halt after the parish in which it lies. The construction of the halt allows passengers to travel between two permanent stations, whilst the line remains limited to its current length.
Future expansion
Despite attempts by the Wealden Line Campaign to have the line from through Isfield to reopened to passenger traffic, a July 2008 study concluded that although technically feasible, the line would be "economically unviable".Any reopening might affect the operations of the Lavender Line or entail a move to a new location, but this depends on the details of any final scheme adopted. In any event, the campaign has not succeeded, an application to the "restoring your railway" fund in 2021 having failed.
The Preservation Society has expressed an interest in restoring and reopening the line between Uckfield and Lewes in the long-term future. In December 2008, following the rejection of the reopening proposal, a petition was presented to East Sussex County Council asking it to acquire the trackbed from the Lavender Line's northern boundary to the former site of Uckfield station, to lease back the section and to allow heritage services to be run over it. In April 2009, the council's Director of Transport and Environment recommended that the petition be refused on the basis that a heritage operation would prejudice the reopening of the line and the costs entailed would divert funding away from core Council services. The majority of the old station site in Uckfield has since been converted into a carpark though one of the platforms remains.
Extension to the south is difficult due to the need to reopen the level crossing on Station Road (against ORR policy) while extension to the north would require the two bridges over the river Uck to be refurbished and would only be able to reach Uckfield bypass which blocks access to the station site in Uckfield. Any reinstatement as part of Network Rail would require a new, elevated, station in Uckfield to allow the bypass to be bridged.
Rolling Stock
Steam locomotives
Diesel locomotives
Diesel-mechanical multiple units
Diesel-electric multiple units
Electric multiple units
Carriages
Gallery
References
External links
Lavender Line website
Wealden Line campaign website
Review of railway on Qype
Heritage railways in East Sussex
Museums in East Sussex
Railway museums in England
In mathematics, Bring's curve (also called Bring's surface) is the curve given by the equations
It was named by after Erland Samuel Bring who studied a similar construction in 1786 in a Promotionschrift submitted to the University of Lund.
The automorphism group of the curve is the symmetric group S5 of order 120, given by permutations of the 5 coordinates. This is the largest possible automorphism group of a genus 4 complex curve.
The curve can be realized as a triple cover of the sphere branched in 12 points, and is the Riemann surface associated to the small stellated dodecahedron. It has genus 4. The full group of symmetries (including reflections) is the direct product , which has order 240.
Fundamental domain and systole
Bring's curve can be obtained as a Riemann surface by associating sides of a hyperbolic icosagon (see fundamental polygon). The identification pattern is given in the adjoining diagram. The icosagon (of area , by the Gauss-Bonnet theorem) can be tessellated by 240 (2,4,5) triangles. The actions that transport one of these triangles to another give the full group of automorphisms of the surface (including reflections). Discounting reflections, we get the 120 automorphisms mentioned in the introduction. Note that 120 is less that 252, the maximum number of orientation preserving automorphisms allowed for a genus 4 surface, by Hurwitz's automorphism theorem. Therefore, Bring's surface is not a Hurwitz surface. This also tells us that there does not exist a Hurwitz surface of genus 4.
The full group of symmetries has the following presentation:
,
where is the identity action, is a rotation of order 5 about the centre of the fundamental polygon, is a rotation of order 2 at the vertex where 4 (2,4,5) triangles meet in the tessellation, and is reflection in the real line. From this presentation, information about the linear representation theory of the symmetry group of Bring's surface can be computed using GAP. In particular, the group has four 1 dimensional, four 4 dimensional, four 5 dimensional, and two 6 dimensional irreducible representations, and we have
as expected.
The systole of the surface has length
Similarly to the Klein quartic, Bring's surface does not maximize the systole length among compact Riemann surfaces in its topological category (that is, surfaces having the same genus) despite maximizing the size of the automorphism group. The systole is presumably maximized by the surface referred to a M4 in . The systole length of M4 is
and has multiplicity 36.
Spectral theory
Little is known about the spectral theory of Bring's surface, however, it could potentially be of interest in this field. The Bolza surface and Klein quartic have the largest symmetry groups among compact Riemann surfaces of constant negative curvature in genera 2 and 3 respectively, and thus it has been conjectured that they maximize the first positive eigenvalue in the Laplace spectrum. There is strong numerical evidence to support this hypothesis, particularly in the case of the Bolza surface, although providing a rigorous proof is still an open problem. Following this pattern, one may reasonably conjecture that Bring's surface maximizes the first positive eigenvalue of the Laplacian (among surfaces in its topological class).
See also
Bolza surface
Klein quartic
Macbeath surface
First Hurwitz triplet
References
Algebraic curves
Palang Darreh or Palangdarreh () may refer to:
Palang Darreh, Fuman, Gilan Province
Palang Darreh, Rudbar, Gilan Province
Palang Darreh, Mazandaran
Palang Darreh, North Khorasan
Palang Darreh, Tehran
The Chrysanthemum Festival, is a festival held in the town of Xiaolan in November. Zhongshan is sometimes called "Chrysanthemum city" because of its chrysanthemum culture. During the Ming Dynasty, people planted chrysanthemums and gathered together to appreciate them. While doing that, they also wrote poems, drew pictures and drank liquor. Later, these gatherings grew into chrysanthemum festivals, which were held every 10 years. In Qing Dynasty, people started holding the Grand Chrysanthemum Festival, which is held every 60 years. Now, chrysanthemum festivals are held every year, and draw visitors from around the world.
Origin
Southern Song Dynasty
Legend says that during the Song Dynasty, an imperial concubine ran away from the palace. She and several other people traveled to Xiaolan. Fascinated by the fertile land, mild climate, and beautiful chrysanthemums there, they decided to settle and plant chrysanthemum.
Ming Dynasty
At that time people were adept at chrysanthemum planting and like appreciating chrysanthemums very much. As chrysanthemum planting was prevailing, when chrysanthemums were in bloom, people liked gathering together enjoying both the beautiful flowers and liquors.
Qing Dynasty
Kangxi period
People were more experienced in chrysanthemum planting, with complete techniques of shaping and maintaining chrysanthemums. Also, chrysanthemums were diverse in color and the shape of pedal as a result of the introduction of new breeds from Shanghai and other places. local rich and power people were obsessed with chrysanthemum appreciation, so the chrysanthemum planting industry started to boom.
Qianlong period
In 1736, people in Xiaolan started to hold "Chrysanthemum Planting Contest", in which people gathered the chrysanthemum together and saw whose was the best. The judges decided which one was the winner with the criteria of the shape of blossoms and the density of leaves. Five years later, instead of a contest, people started to hold "Chrysanthemum Gathering". During that, families and close friends gathered together with the chrysanthemum they planted. At the same time, people drew pictures of the blossoms, write and read poem about the blossom and drink liquor together. In 1782, the gatherings got larger, as more and more people hold them together. In these larger gatherings, people start decorating their houses with chrysanthemum, making the beautiful "Chrysanthemum Tower" and "Chrysanthemum Terrace".
Jiaqing period
In 1814, in honor the former generations' achievement, people held the grandest gathering and called it "Chrysanthemum Festival". They also decided to hold the grandest festival like that every 60 years. In 1874, 1934, and 1994 the grandest festivals was held, and the whole city was decorated with chrysanthemum.
later developments
1959
To celebrate the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China
, the first Chrysanthemum Festival in modern China. For the first time, chrysanthemums was used to make a giant pictures, the Peace Dove. With a lot of media report, Xiaolan was hailed as "Chrysanthemum City".
1979
What's special about the Chrysanthemum Festival of that year is that it attracted oversea Chinese. Many of them returned to China for the first time to see the beautiful chrysanthemum arranged in different shapes. From then on, more and more oversea Chinese returned to Zhongshan and made tremendous contributions to local developments.
1994
It was the year when the grandest chrysanthemum festival was held. Almost the whole town was covered with beautiful chrysanthemums as the chrysanthemum exhibition area took up an area of 10,000 square meters. Many streets were decorated with chrysanthemums, with a total length of 16 kilometers. The number of the pots of chrysanthemum reach 820,000, and many of them was arranged into a tall tower, The Great White Peony, which broke a Guinness Record.
Recent years
In 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011, Chrysanthemum Festivals with special themes were held in memory of respectively the 30th anniversary of The Reform and open policy, 60th anniversary of the forming of the People's Republic of China, the Asian Games held in Guangzhou, and the 100th anniversary of victory of anti-Fascist War.
Current format
There are two major kinds of exhibitions in the Festival—Chrysanthemum-planting contest and Chrysanthemum modelling, in which chrysanthemums are piled up or arranged into patterns or objects.
Chrysanthemum-planting Contest This is similar to older events. In this section people show others their best chrysanthemums. Chrysanthemums are judged based on the shape of the petals, the figure of the whole blossom, the density of the leaves etc.
Large Modeling Exhibition This is a more modern development. Chrysanthemums are piled up to be large scale Chinese characters, life-sized animals and big buildings.
Chrysanthemum culture
Overview
People in Xiaolan loves chrysanthemum, and pass down the technique of chrysanthemum planting from generation to generation. With innovation of the techniques, many world records have been broken there, especially in grand festivals held every ten years and the grandest festivals held every sixty years. Chrysanthemum culture has been a very important part of the local culture, and it facilitates cultural exchange with outside world and helps improve people's cultural cultivation.
Nickname--Chrysanthemum City
Xiaolan is well known for its nickname Chrysanthemum City in China. It first got this nickname in 1959, when the first Chrysanthemum Festival in modern China was held. For the first time people used chrysanthemum to make a beautiful 10 meters' long and 7 meters' tall picture—The Peace Dove. With the documentary Chrysanthemum made and a wide range nationwide media coverage, Xiaolan got famous for its chrysanthemum and was hailed as Chrysanthemum City.
Chrysanthemum Food culture
Since Xiaolan people have such a deep relationship with chrysanthemum, and love to eat, they have created the special Xiaolan chrysanthemum food. Although chrysanthemums are colorful, only a small number of them are edible, and we usually use the yellow edible chrysanthemums to make food. With the sweet smell and bright yellow color of chrysanthemums, the smell and look of food will be improved a lot.
Some Famous Chrysanthemum Food
Chrysanthemum "Bran" is made of chrysanthemum and sugar. Usually people heat dried chrysanthemum petal, sugar and little water together into a paste, then cool it. They then smash it into pieces. This is a basic ingredient in other chrysanthemum food.
Chrysanthemum "meat" is not actually the meat of chrysanthemum, but fat pork. Usually the crystal fat pork cured together with chrysanthemum "Bran" and plenty of sugar.
Chrysanthemum glue pudding is glue pudding with chrysanthemum "Bran" and red bean paste as filling. It is often served in chrysanthemum soup.
References
Festivals in China
Autumn events in China
Northmoor or North Moor may refer to:
Places
Northmoor, Devon, England
Northmoor, Dulverton, an estate in Somerset, England
Northmoor, Oxfordshire, England
Northmoor, Missouri, USA
Northmoor Country Club, a golf course in Highland Park, Illinois, USA, and site of the 1975 Illinois Open Championship
Northmoor Green a village in Somerset, England
North Moor, a protected area in Scotland
Fiction
Northmoor, a plutonium processing plant in the BBC drama Edge of Darkness
Minuscule 851 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε408 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment.
Description
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 260 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, 19-22 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the (chapters), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their (titles) at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 241 Sections, the last in 16:20), without references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the tables of the (tables of contents) before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin, incipits, pictures, and verses to John. The Synaxarion and Menologion – liturgical books – were added in the 16th century.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with a mixture of other text-types. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has a mixture of the text-types in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 it has a mixture of the Byzantine text-types. It has some relationship to the group 7 in Luke 20.
History
C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 12th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript was written by Basilius.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (851e). C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886.
The manuscript once belonged to Borgianus. It was housed in the Vatican Library. Then it was housed at the Antiquariat Quaritch, in London. The actual owner of the codex is unknown.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
External links
Greek New Testament minuscules
14th-century biblical manuscripts
Lost biblical manuscripts
Enrique Gil Calderón (Guayaquil, May 14, 1935 - Guayaquil, December 11, 2008) was an Ecuadorian choral director. He was the son of the novelist Enrique Gil Gilbert and the painter Alba Calderón Zatizábal.
He had a daughter with soprano Beatriz Parra, who also trained in Russia to perform lyrical music Beatriz Gil Parra
Gil Calderón was awarded the Premio Eugenio Espejo in 2008 by the Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa (2007–Present) after he rejected the prize in 1995 from President Sixto Duran Ballen (1992-1996).
Gil Calderón, known as Kily by his friends, died of Leukemia in 2008.
1935 births
2008 deaths
People from Guayaquil
Deaths from cancer in Ecuador
Deaths from leukemia
Pheidole parva is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
This genus is an invasive species, often coming from the region Wuhan, it is infamous for the burning sting and often is mistaken for its cousin, Carebara diversa in urban areas, the alates, however are very commonly seen after storms performing a nuptial flight.
Habitat and distribution
Pheidole parva is a widespread and probably invasive species in parts of the Old World and belongs to the P. rinae complex. Most likely it is an introduced species to the Malagasy region. Indeed, live ants of this species have recently been found travelling onboard different ships. Also its ubiquity in many different habitats and microhabitats on Mauritius and the Seychelles and its presence in ports there indicate that it is well-adapted to human environments and thus a likely candidate to invade new areas through human commerce. This tiny and relatively inconspicuous ant is very common in places and can be found in soil and leaf litter, under stones or root mats, in rotten logs, foraging on or nesting in the ground, as well as in lower vegetation and even under the bark of live trees. It was collected in a variety of different habitats, from parks and gardens, to mangrove and coastal scrub, to degraded dry forest, littoral and mixed forest, and rainforest, in elevations between 1 and 445 m. It has also been found on the Arabian Peninsula in Saudi Arabia and in the United Arab Emirates, on farms mostly inland from the coast at elevations of 675 and 735 m. As the nests were also found under potted plants, it is very likely that P. parva has been introduced to the Arabian Peninsula by human commerce.
Description
On the smaller islands of the Southwest Indian Ocean, P. parva can be superficially confused with P. jonas, especially because the minors are relatively similar in their morphologies. The main characters distinguishing both worker castes of these two species are: the relative length of the postpetiole in both castes; the scapes of the workers of P. parva are distinctly shorter than those of P. jonas; and the heads of majors are distinctly longer than wide in P. parva, versus on average as long as wide in P. jonas.
References
parva
Insects described in 1865
Leon Taljaard Nature Reserve is a nature reserve located north west of Vryburg, South Africa. The Swartfontein resort is located adjacent to the reserve. The reserve has a number of animal species including Rhino, Eland, Buffalo, Black Wildebeest, Waterbuck and Springbok. It is open daily to the public.
110 species of birds have been registered in the reserve.
There is a small memorial plaque and a museum here in memory of the Boer prisoners who were executed by the British army.
History
The Leon Taljaard Nature Reserve was opened on 12 February 1972 by Mr. Frans D. Conradie.
References
Vryburg 1882-1982
Protected areas of North West (South African province)
Nature reserves in South Africa
Protected areas established in 1972
Adrian Lee (born 9 September 1957, London, England) is an English musician, known especially for his brass instrumentation work with several well-known acts of the 1980s.
Career
Lee was first signed to Phonogram Records in the late 1970s as guitarist with the band, Red Hot. They released one single, "L-L-Lazy Days" (1976), which was produced by Mutt Lange.
Lee's first big engagement led him to play guitar and keyboards on Cliff Richard's late 1970s tours, and his 1979 album, Rock 'n' Roll Juvenile. In 1980, Lee became a member of the British goth rock band, Toyah, co-writing songs including the hit single, "Thunder in the Mountains", and he stayed with them until 1982. The same year he released his only solo album, called The Magician. He continued to write for Toyah Willcox, and appeared on her 1985 album, Minx, for which he and Wilcox wrote "Soldier of Fortune, Terrorist of Love". Minx was produced by Christopher Neil. Neil asked Lee to play on the first Mike + The Mechanics album. Lee was a member of Mike + The Mechanics until 1995.
Lee continued to write, produce and perform with other artists throughout his period with The Mechanics. In 1985, Lee was involved with the production, writing, and keyboards for Space Monkey, and he recorded on albums with artists such as Silent Running on the album Deep (1989), Stephen Bishop, Joan Armatrading, Chris de Burgh and 10cc. Lee is credited as co-producer on 10cc's 1995 album, Mirror Mirror.
Lee composed the music for CITV's 1994 series The Ink Thief, a comedy, science fiction, thriller starring Richard O'Brien and Toyah Wilcox.
More recently, Lee has also worked on film scores, such as The Reckoning, The Medallion and Training Day.
References
External links
Yahoo! – Adrian Lee Discography
1957 births
Living people
English pop guitarists
English male guitarists
English rock guitarists
Place of birth missing (living people)
English record producers
English songwriters
English composers
Musicians from London
Mike + The Mechanics members
Toyah (band) members
English rock keyboardists
English expatriates in the United States
The Lakatos Award is given annually for an outstanding contribution to the philosophy of science, widely interpreted. The contribution must be in the form of a book published in English during the previous six years. The award is in memory of Imre Lakatos and has been endowed by the Latsis Foundation. The value of the award is £10,000. To take up an award a successful candidate must visit the London School of Economics (LSE) and deliver a public lecture.
Selection
The award is administered by the following committee:
Professor Roman Frigg (Convenor)
Professor Hasok Chang
Professor Nancy Cartwright
Professor Kostas Gavroglu
Professor Helen Longino
Professor Elliott Sober
Professor Richard Bradley
The Committee makes the Award on the advice of an independent and anonymous panel of selectors.
Winners
The Award has so far been won by:
1986 – Bas Van Fraassen for The Scientific Image (1980) and Hartry Field for Science Without Numbers (1980)
1987 – Michael Friedman for Foundations of Space-Time Theories and Philip Kitcher for Vaulting Ambition: Sociobiology and the Quest for Human Nature
1988 – Michael Redhead for Incompleteness, Nonlocality and Realism
1989 – John Earman for A Primer on Determinism
1991 – Elliott Sober for Reconstructing the Past: Parsimony, Evolution, and Interference (1988)
1993 – Peter Achinstein for Particles and Waves: Historical Essays in the Philosophy of Science (1991) and Alexander Rosenberg for Economics—Mathematical Politics or Science of Diminishing Returns? (1992)
1994 – Michael Dummett for Frege: Philosophy of Mathematics (1991)
1995 – Lawrence Sklar for Physics and Chance: Philosophical Issues in the Foundations of Statistical Mechanics (1993)
1996 – Abner Shimony for The Search for a Naturalistic World View (1993)
1998 – Jeffrey Bub for Interpreting the Quantum World and Deborah Mayo for Error and the Growth of Experimental Knowledge
1999 – Brian Skyrms for Evolution of the Social Contract (1996) on modelling 'fair', non self-interested human actions using (cultural) evolutionary dynamics
2001 – Judea Pearl for Causality: Models, Reasoning and Inference (2000) on causal models and causal reasoning
2002 – Penelope Maddy for Naturalism in Mathematics (1997) on the issue of how the axioms of set theory are justified
2003 – Patrick Suppes for Representation and Invariance of Scientific Structures (2002) on axiomatising a wide range of scientific theories in terms of set theory
2004 – Kim Sterelny for Thought in a Hostile World: The Evolution of Human Cognition (2003) on the idea that thought is a response to threat
2005 – James Woodward for Making Things Happen (2003) on causality and explanation
2006 – Harvey Brown for Physical Relativity: Space-time Structure from a Dynamical Perspective (2005) and Hasok Chang for Inventing Temperature: Measurement and Scientific Progress (2004)
2008 – Richard Healey for Gauging What's Real: the conceptual foundations of contemporary gauge theories (2007)
2009 – Samir Okasha for Evolution and the Levels of Selection (2006).
2010 – Peter Godfrey-Smith for Darwinian Populations and Natural Selection
2012 – Wolfgang Spohn for The Laws of Belief: Ranking Theory and its Philosophical Implications (2012)
2013 – Laura Ruetsche for Interpreting Quantum Theories (2011) and David Wallace for The Emergent Multiverse: Quantum Theory According to the Everett Interpretation (2012)
2014 – Gordon Belot for Geometric Possibility (2011) and David Malament for Topics in the Foundations of General Relativity and Newtonian Gravitation Theory (2012)
2015 – Thomas Pradeu for The Limits of the Self: Immunology and Biological Identity (2012)
2016 – Brian Epstein for The Ant Trap: Rebuilding the Foundations of the Social Sciences (2015)
2017 – Craig Callender for What Makes Time Special?
2018 – Sabina Leonelli for Data-Centric Biology: A Philosophical Study (2016)
2019 – Henk W. de Regt for Understanding Scientific Understanding (2017)
2020 – Nicholas Shea for Representation in Cognitive Science (2018)
2021 – Anya Plutynski for Explaining Cancer: Finding Order in Disorder (2018)
2022 - Catarina Dutilh Novaes for The Dialogical Roots of Deduction: Historical, Cognitive, and Philosophical Perspectives on Reasoning (2020)
References
External links
The Lakatos Award website at the LSE
Philosophy awards
Non-fiction literary awards
Philosophy of science
Rajmahal railway station is a railway station on the branch of Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside State Highway 10 at Rajmahal in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
Hempstead High School is a public high school located in the city of Hempstead, Texas, United States and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Hempstead Independent School District located in northwestern Waller County. In 2015, the school was rated "Improvement Required" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics
The Hempstead Bobcats compete in these sports -
Volleyball, Cross Country, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Golf, Tennis, Track, Baseball & Softball
State Finalist
Football
2011(2A/D1)
In March 2012, Head football and track coach Ricky Sargent came under fire for allowing students to be left behind at a restaurant in Giddings Texas after a track meet. According to reports, two seniors exited their bus after being told not to. Coach Sargent was notified and OKed the bus to depart without the two students. Sargent would later that night drive to Giddings to stay with the students until parents could arrive. He later met with the parents and apologized for the incident. After hearing of the situation, officials with the Hempstead Independent School District called a special meeting for April 9, 2012 whereby Coach Sargent was fired and the four coaches on the bus were given a 30 day suspension without pay. One week later, the school board reversed their decision and reinstated Coach Sargent and the other coaches.
Theater
One Act Play
2012(2A)
References
External links
Hempstead ISD website
Public high schools in Texas
Schools in Waller County, Texas
Senator Greenberg may refer to:
Abraham Greenberg (1881–1941), New York State Senate
Martin L. Greenberg (born 1932), New Jersey State Senate
Samuel L. Greenberg (1898–1992), New York State Senate
Cambuslang East is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects three councillors.
The largest neighbourhood within the suburban ward is Halfway, also including the areas of Cairns, the Circuit, Drumsagard, Lightburn, Newton and Westburn, all situated within Cambuslang, lying east of its town centre. The northern border is the River Clyde and the eastern border the Rotten Calder. A 2017 national review removed some territory in the west of the ward (between Greenlees Road and the Cathcart Circle Line railway tracks over Hamilton Road). The population in 2018 was 16,597.
The ward was formed from roughly the boundaries of two wards under the previous single-member system used from the creation of South Lanarkshire local authority in 1995 until 2007: Cairns and Hallside. Most new merged wards were formed from at least three smaller predecessors, but the population of this territory had increased substantially over the dozen years since the last reorganisation due to the construction of the new Drumsagard neighbourhood, with further developments planned for the near future at sites including Westfarm, Newton Farm and Gilbertfield – these projects were largely completed over the next decade, increasing the ward's population above that of its neighbours. Prior to 1995, the town of Cambuslang was within the Glasgow District under Strathclyde Regional Council - one of its single-member wards from 1984 was named Halfway, and this included much the same area as the current Cambuslang East.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
2008 by-election
A by-election was held on 6 March 2008 following the death of the SNP's John Higgins on 29 December 2007. The by-election was won by Labour's Richard Tullett.
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Cambuslang
Matthew Lee James (born 22 July 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays for Championship club Bristol City. His regular position is in midfield, but he can play in defence when required. James began his career with Manchester United, where his brother Reece also came through the youth ranks, but left the club for a spell on loan at Preston North End before joining Leicester City on a permanent basis in 2012.
Club career
Manchester United
Born in Bacup, Lancashire, James joined the Manchester United Academy at an early age, and made his first appearance for the under-18 side in October 2005, at the age of 14. His next appearance for the under-18s came just over a year later, when he came on as a substitute for Magnus Eikrem in a Premier Academy League fixture against Manchester City. He made a further eight appearances for the under-18s during the 2006–07 season, before establishing himself as a regular in the team in 2007–08, although he began the season filling in in defence. James scored his first goals in a Manchester United shirt during the 2007–08 season, both of them in the league. After making his first appearance for the reserve team in November 2007, James became a regular for the reserves during the 2008–09 season, while remaining a relative mainstay in the under-18 side. At the end of a season in which he had made 22 appearances for the reserves and 14 for the under-18s, James received his first call-up to the Manchester United senior team on 24 May 2009. Given the number 47 jersey, James was named on the bench for the match, but did not take to the field.
James signed his first professional contract with Manchester United in July 2009, before playing in the 1–0 win over Bolton Wanderers in the final of the 2008–09 Lancashire Senior Cup. Prior to the first team's match against Barnsley in the Fourth Round of the League Cup on 27 October 2009, James was given a new squad number (43), and was named as an unused substitute.
Preston North End (loan)
In February 2010, James followed in the footsteps of Manchester United teammate Danny Welbeck by signing on loan with Preston North End until the end of the 2009–10 season. He went straight into the Preston first-team for their match against Sheffield United on 9 February 2010, and scored within 10 minutes as his deflected shot from outside the penalty area beat Sheffield United goalkeeper Ian Bennett. James returned to Manchester United at the end of the 2009–10 season, but rejoined Preston on a season-long loan on 2 July 2010.
On 30 December 2010, Sir Alex Ferguson chose to recall Ritchie De Laet, Joshua King and James from their loans at Preston after the sacking of his son. De Laet and King returned immediately, but due to the terms of James' loan, he did not return to Manchester United until 4 January 2011.
Leicester City
2012–13 season
On 15 May 2012, James and De Laet moved to Leicester City in a double transfer, for which the fee was undisclosed. The pair each signed three-year contracts. James, along with De Laet and Jamie Vardy, made his competitive debut for Leicester against Torquay United, scoring his first goal for the club (and Leicester's third of the night) as the Foxes ran out 4–0 winners in the League Cup tie. James added another 3 goals (all in the league) over the course of the season, including one in the 3–2 win against Nottingham Forest on the final day of the season, helping Leicester to the final play-off position. James started both legs of the eventual 3–2 aggregate defeat to Watford in the Championship play-off semi-final.
2013–14 season
James found himself starting more games during the 2013–14 season, being in the line-up for Leicester's first five league games before being controversially shown the first red card of his career in the 1–2 defeat to Charlton Athletic, after being shown two yellow cards. On 8 February 2014, James scored his only goal of the season, helping Leicester come from 2–0 down to draw 2–2 with Watford. James played 35 times in the league as Leicester won promotion to the Premier League, collecting the Championship trophy along the way.
2014–15 season
Having missed the start of the season through injury, James made his first Premier League appearance on 21 September 2014, as a second-half substitute in a 5–3 victory against his former club, Manchester United. On 10 January 2015, James picked up the second red card of his career in the 1–0 victory over Aston Villa, he was given a straight red following a strong challenge on Jores Okore and an ensuing altercation with Ciaran Clark that resulted in Clark receiving a second yellow card himself. In a 2–0 win over Southampton on 9 May, James ruptured his anterior ligaments and was ruled out for between six and nine months.
2015–16 season
Due to his injury, James missed the entire 2015–16 campaign, in which the club became the Premier League champions.
2016–17 season
At the beginning of the season, James played with Leicester City U23 squad to regain fitness. On 26 November 2016, James returned to the first-team squad against Middlesbrough.
On 25 January 2017, he joined Barnsley on a loan deal until the summer of 2017.
2017–18 season
On 19 August 2017, James made his first start for the club since May 2015 in a 2–0 win over Brighton & Hove Albion.
2020–21 season
On 16 October 2020 he returned to Barnsley on loan.
On 6 January 2021, James joined Championship side Coventry City on loan. He scored his first goal for Coventry on 27 February 2021 in a 1-1 draw against Blackburn Rovers. On 21 May 2021 Leicester announced his departure from the club.
Bristol City
On 23 June 2021, James joined Championship club Bristol City on a three-year deal.
International career
James has played regularly for the England Under-16s and Under-17s sides, and in 2009 he was called up to the Under-19s for the 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Championship. He was named captain and in his first game as skipper, England recorded a 3–2 victory in their opening game against Austria.
Personal life
James' father, Linton James, played non-league football for Bacup Borough and later worked as assistant manager of the club. His younger brother, Reece James, currently plays for Blackpool in the EFL Championship. He was educated at Fearns Community Sports College.
He donated two therapy tilt-in space chairs, worth about £2000, to Fairfield General Hospital where his mother Maxine works as a nurse, in 2020.
Career statistics
Honours
Leicester City
Football League Championship: 2013–14
Individual
Leicester City Young Player of the Season: 2013–14
References
External links
Profile at ManUtd.com
1991 births
Living people
People from Bacup
English footballers
England youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
Manchester United F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Barnsley F.C. players
Bristol City F.C. players
English Football League players
Premier League players
Feyzabad-e Lalaha (, also Romanized as Feyẕābād-e Lālahā; also known as Rūstāi Feyẕābād-e Laleh Hā) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 51, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Most Rev Cyril Mar Baselios I is the current primate and Metropolitan of the Malabar Independent Syrian Church (Thozhiyoor Church). He is the 15th metropolitan.
Career
He was ordained a deacon on December 18, 1975 at the Mar Adhai Sleeha Church by Ayyamkulam Paulose Mar Philexenos III , the 13th Metropolitan of the Church. He was ordained on February 17, 1980 by Mathews Mar Koorilose VIII, the 14th metropolitan of the Malabar Independent Syrian Church. He served for a long time as vicar in various parishes of the church. He has been the Vicar of St. George's Church, Chennai for a long time. He occupied the leadership positions of the Holy Church, the leadership positions of various organizations of the Church, and many official positions of the Church, including the Secretary of the Diocesan Church Reconstruction Committee. For a long time, Dayara was a priest in the palace of Thozhiyur diocese. He received the title of Ramban on March 3, 2001 and the title of Episcopa on March 10, 2001 from Panakkal Joseph Mar Koorilose IX, the 15th metropolitan. Following the resignation of Joseph Mar Koorilose IX on May 28, 2001, Cyril Mar Basselios was ordained as the 16th metropolitan
References
1956 births
Living people
Alexis Barrière, full name Daniel Alexandre François Barrière, also called Barrière aîné, (Paris 22 October 1792 – ca. 1865 ) was a 19th-century Frenchy playwright, engraver and songwriter.
Biography
An engraver, trained by his father, he drew a part of the campaign plans for the marshal Laurent de Gouvion-Saint-Cyr as well as maps of Swabia, Russia, Corsica or Spain and of the county Mayo. He also made prints for the library.
His plays were presented on the most famous Parisian stages of the 19th century: Théâtre du Vaudeville, Théâtre des Variétés, Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique, etc.
His songs were published in 1829 in the book Étrennes lyriques ou Recueil de romances et nocturnes, with piano or harpes accompagnements by Antoine Romagnesi.
Plays and songs
1813: Le Mari en vacances, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Marc-Antoine Désaugiers
1816: Trois pour une ou les absents n'ont pas toujours tort, comédie-vaudeville en 1 act, with Désaugiers
1817: La Vendange normande, ou les Deux voisins, vaudeville in 1 act, with Michel-Joseph Gentil de Chavagnac
1830: Notre Grand'mère, chansonnette
1835: Mon bonnet de nuit, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Georges Duval
1835: Oui et non, comédie-vaudeville in 2 acts
1837: Les savetiers francs-juges, chronique messinaise in 3 acts, mingled with songs
1840: Les Pages de Louis XII, comedy mingled with song, in 2 acts, with Ferdinand de Villeneuve
1842: Le poète, ou Les droits de l'auteur, comedy in 1 act and in verses
1848: L'Autel de la Patrie, hymne national, music by Félix Marie
1857: Le legs (The Legacy), comedy by Marivaux set in verses
1861: La Sainte-Catherine, ou Un bienfait n'est jamais perdu, à-propos-vaudeville in 1 act
References
Bibliography
Joseph-marie Quérard, La littérature française contemporaine, vol.3, 1827-1844,
Charles Gabet, Dictionnaire des artistes de l'école française au XIXe, 1831,
Edwin Colby Byam, Théodore Barrière, dramatist of the second empire, 1938,
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
French engravers
French songwriters
Male songwriters
Writers from Paris
1792 births
Year of death missing
Bacouel-sur-Selle (, literally Bacouel on Selle) is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Geography
Situated southwest of Amiens, on the banks of the Selle river, a couple of kilometres from the A16 autoroute junction with the A29.
Population
See also
Communes of the Somme department
References
Communes of Somme (department)
Scindocorax is an extinct genus of mackerel sharks that lived during the Late Cretaceous. It contains a single valid species, S. novimexicanus, from the Point Lookout Sandstone of New Mexico.
References
Anacoracidae
Prehistoric shark genera
Santonian life
Late Cretaceous animals of North America
Fossils of the United States
Paleontology in New Mexico
FC Anker Wismar is a German association football club based in Wismar, Germany, currently playing in the Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
History
The club's origins date back to 1904 when FC Elite Wismar were established. The following year, the club was renamed to Wismarer FC 1905. From 1909 the club was known as Germania Wismar and during the World War II, TSV Wismar played in the Gauliga Nordmark. After the war, the club was renamed no less than four more times (SG Wismar Süd, ZSG Anker Wismar, BSG Anker Wismar and BSG Motor Wismar) before settling on the name TSG Wismar under which they played in the DDR-Liga (prior to German reunification) up until 1997 when the club was finally renamed FC Anker Wismar and as such they have become champions of the Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern four times – in 2000, 2004, 2010 and 2015. On each occasion the club won promotion to the NOFV-Oberliga Nord but was relegated back to the Verbandsliga again the previous three times after a short time.
Honours
The club's honours:
Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Champions: 2000, 2004, 2010, 2015
References
External links
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Association football clubs established in 1997
1997 establishments in Germany
Works association football clubs in Germany
The mottle-cheeked tyrannulet (Phylloscartes ventralis) is a generally common, small species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It occurs in two disjunct populations, one associated with montane Atlantic Forest in south-eastern Brazil, eastern Paraguay, north-eastern Argentina and Uruguay, and another found in forest growing on the east Andean slope in Peru, Bolivia and north-western Argentina. A very active bird usually seen with its tail held cocked.
References
mottle-cheeked tyrannulet
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of the Yungas
mottle-cheeked tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Poeae are the largest tribe of the grasses, with around 2,500 species in 121 genera. The tribe includes many lawn and pasture grasses.
Taxonomy
Two separate tribes, Poeae and Aveneae, used to be distinguished based on morphology, but phylogenetic analysis showed that they are intermingled. Poeae now includes the former Aveneae. Phylogenetic analyses identified two lineages based on chloroplast genomes. The genera are classified in 25 subtribes.
Reticulate evolution occurred repeatedly in the tribe.
Chloroplast group 1
Chloroplast group 2
References
External links
Poaceae tribes
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
"Carolina Shout" is a song written by James P. Johnson.
Johnson's 1921 phonograph recordings of his own compositions, including "Carolina Shout" as well as "Harlem Strut", "Keep Off the Grass" and " Worried and Lonesome Blues" were, along with Jelly Roll Morton's Gennett recordings of 1923, among the first jazz piano solos to be put on record.
"Carolina Shout", composed around 1918, is a technically challenging piano rag that became a test-piece for contemporary pianists: Duke Ellington and Fats Waller learned it note for note from the QRS Records piano roll Johnson recorded earlier than the phonograph, which was recorded on October 18, 1921 in New York City and released by Okeh Records (Okeh 4495).
In 2020 "Carolina Shout" was added to the Grammy Hall of Fame.
References
1923 songs
Jazz songs
The Erbil International Hotel is a luxurious hotel based in Erbil, the capital of the Kurdistan Region, northern Iraq. The hotel was constructed and completed in 2004 and is since then the first 5-star hotel in Kurdistan and Iraq by western standards. The hotel is located at the 30 Meter Street, 2 kilometers from the historical citadel of Erbil. The hotel has a good connection to Erbil International Airport by having an Airport Transfer service.
See also
Erbil
Erbil International Airport
Khanzad Hotel
References
Hotels in Iraq
Buildings and structures in Erbil
2004 establishments in Iraq
Hotels established in 2004
Hotel buildings completed in 2004
Group & Organization Management is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of industrial and organizational psychology and management. The editor-in-chief is Yannick J-L. Griep (Radboud University, The Netherlands). It was established in 1976 and is published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2021 impact factor of 4.290 .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Business and management journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1976
Edmund O'Flaherty (1821– New York, 27 December 1886), also known as William Stuart, was an Irish MP who hurriedly emigrated to the United States in 1854. In New York City he was the business partner of the actor-managers Dion Boucicault and Edwin Booth, and with them leased and managed the Winter Garden Theatre. He managed the New Park Theatre on Broadway from 1874 to 1876.
Biography
Early life
A native of Knockbane, Moycullen, Galway, he was educated at Eton when Cardinal Wiseman was headmaster.
O'Flaherty became the private secretary to the Duke of Newcastle, who wanted to forge an alliance between the Peelite party and that of the Irish MP's. O'Flaherty's ability was recognised by the Duke, who employed him as an emissary to Ireland, and gave him a Commissionership of Income Tax in Galway.
He was active in Irish politics in the middle years of the 19th century. Described as "a man of great warmth, cleverness and inexhaustible resource", he was a friend of William Keogh and John Sadleir.
In 1854 he disappeared from London and rumours were current throughout the city that warrants were out against him for forgery. Persons concerned included Lord Bolingbroke, Lord Dunkellin, Bernal Osborne and Sir William Gregory, the late Governor of Ceylon.
'William Stuart'
O'Flaherty escaped via Denmark (which had no extradition treaty with Britain) to the U.S. under the alias of 'Captain William Stuart'. To earn a living he began by writing for the papers, made some money, and began a partnership with the actor Dion Boucicault, another expatriate Irishman. Together they leased Wallack's Theatre in 1855-1856, and put on a short season at the Washington Theatre in Washington D.C.
After this they took over the Winter Garden Theatre, where Stuart was joint lessee and manager. It opened in September 1859 with John Jefferson in Boucicault's Dot, an adaptation of Charles Dickens's The Cricket on the Hearth. Boucicault's The Octoroon opened on 8 December 8, 1859, but arguments over money and ownership of the play led to Boucicault and his wife Agnes leaving for Laura Keene's Theatre at 622-624 Broadway, and then for England. Stuart remained at the Winter Garden.
He was still heavily involved in recruiting American help for a free Ireland, as a letter dated October 5, 1861 from New York to John O'Mahony, later founder of the Fenian Brotherhood makes clear:
"I would remind [the expectants] that another famine ever imperils Ireland, the result of a wet summer and harvest. If matters go on thus much longer there will be no Irish Nation for us to free. If we are to redeem our country, we must do it soon, or not at all [...]
"I now leave our cause in the hands of her patriot sons in America [...] I trust the 'Centres' throughout the States will rally round you. If they work they will get all the power required and Ireland must be free. If they fail in their duty, to God and their Country, then is Ireland doomed—doomed to become an integral part of the British Empire as Scotland, once Celtic and now Saxon—more Saxon than England herself. [I pray] that Heaven will send us labourers for the work.
Edwin Booth joined Stuart as co-lessee in the management of the Winter Garden On 21 February 1863. On November 26, 1864, Booth played the lead role in the first of what became known as the “100 nights Hamlet", a record which stood for fifty-six years.
The Winter Garden Theatre burned down 23 March 1867. Stuart at the time of the discovery was in his sleeping apartment in the theatre, only partially dressed, and was compelled to leave his watch and pocket-book on the table when he made his hurried exit. Stuart, who was wholly uninsured, barely escaped with his life. A performance of The Black Crook on 27 March 1867 at Niblo's Garden was given as a benefit for him.
Stuart turned to writing for the New York Herald for some time, and again in partnership with Boucicault built the New Park Theatre in 1873–1874. However, Boucicault withdrew just before the theatre opened, and Stuart teamed up instead with the actor, playwright and theatre manager Charles Fechter as stage manager.
The New Park Theatre opened on 13 April or 15 April 1874 with Stuart as manager, and Fechter appearing in his own play Love's Penance, an adaptation of Le médecin des enfants by Count d'Avrigny. Edwin Booth, who had been with Stuart at the Winter Garden, was fairly scathing about the whole enterprise:
"I should like to hear of Stuart's success - but I doubt it, for I fear Fechter is unlucky, & Stuart really possesses very little, if any theatrical business capacity. F's remarkable talents both as actor and as stage manager shd. ensure the success of any theatre - could he be managed; otherwise I doubt the safety of any enterprise he has to do with."
Love's Penance closed on May 6, 1874, and shortly after Fechter withdrew from the management and retired. Stuart continued to run the New Park Theatre until the fall of 1876 when he sold it to Henry E. Abbey.
Retirement and death
O'Flaherty/Stuart had become successful and again famous for his hospitality and parties. It was well known that there was something against him, but it was presumed that he left England being unable to pay his debts. Englishmen of great position, on their return from America, told how they had been entertained by the pleasantest and wittiest of Irishmen, Captain Stuart. He spent the large income he was making, fell into poverty, and died in New York on 27 December 1886.
Justin Huntly McCarthy, M.P., wrote of him:
[John Sadleir's] lieutenants were his brother, James Sadleir, Mr. William Keogh, and Mr. Edmund O'Flaherty: these men were all adventurers, and most of them swindlers. O'Flaherty became Commissioner of Income Tax. Then they broke up. John Sadleir had embezzled, swindled, forged; he ruined half Ireland with his fraudulent bank; he made use of his position under Government to embezzle public money. O'Flaherty hurried to Denmark, where there was no extradition treaty, and then to New York, where he lived under another name, a familiar figure in certain circles of New York society, famous as a diner-out, as a good story-teller, and a humourist—a sort of combination of Brillat-Savarin and the later Richelieu, with a dash of Gines de Pasamonte.
See also
Muintir Murchada
Iar Connacht
Murchadh an Chapail Ua Flaithbheartaigh, King of Maigh Seóla/Iar Connacht, died 1036.
O'Flaherty
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Samuel J. Maguire Profile of Edmund O'Flaherty M.P. (Galway Library, Ireland)
Further reading
"Death of William Stuart", New-York Tribune, December 29, 1886:5, col. 5. Online at Library of Congress.
"William Stuart Dies Suddenly", The Sun (New York), December 29, 1886:2, col. 5. Online at Library of Congress.
Untitled remembrance, The Sun (New York), December 30, 1886:2, col. 3, bottom. Online at Library of Congress.
"William Stuart Buried", The Sun (New York), January 1, 1887:2, col.6. Online at Library of Congress.
1821 births
1886 deaths
American theatre managers and producers
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
People educated at Eton College
Politicians from County Galway
is Fujifabric's 7th single. The singles title track was featured as the ending theme in the 2007 film Nightmare Detective.
Track listing
Chart positions
2007 singles
2007 songs
Japanese film songs
Charles Ross Pringle (18 October 1894 – 1966) was a Scottish footballer who played as a wing half.
Career
Born in the village of Nitshill, south of Glasgow, Pringle's first professional club was St Mirren, for whom he signed during World War I. On 12 February 1921 he won his only cap for Scotland in a 2–1 win against Wales.
In 1922 Pringle signed for Manchester City, making his debut on 26 August 1922 in the opening game of the 1922–23 season, a 2–0 defeat at Sheffield United. He then proceeded to play in every Manchester City match for over a year. He was part of the Manchester City team which played in the 1926 FA Cup Final, and was captain for part of his City career. After winning a Second Division champions medal in 1927–28, Pringle left Manchester City in the close season as part of a venture to form a new club, Manchester Central F.C.
He later played for Bradford Park Avenue, Lincoln City and Stockport County. After his playing career finished he became a coach. His coaching career included a spell at his former club St Mirren.
Pringle married Lily Meredith, the daughter of fellow Manchester City player Billy Meredith, and played in the same team as his father-in-law seven times.
References
Sources
1894 births
1966 deaths
Lincoln City F.C. players
Manchester City F.C. players
Stockport County F.C. players
St Mirren F.C. players
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Manchester Central F.C. players
Association football wing halves
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Football League representative players
English Football League players
Maryhill F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
St Mirren F.C. non-playing staff
Footballers from Renfrewshire
FA Cup Final players
Scott R. Kurtz (born March 15, 1971) is an American webcomic artist. Known for creating the daily online comic-strip PvP, Kurtz is among the first professional webcomic creators.
Career
Kurtz was born to a Catholic household in Watsonville, California. He attended the University of North Texas where he created and published a daily comic strip Captain Amazing in the North Texas Daily, the student newspaper. It ran for four semesters. His first work on the internet were comics related to the MMORPG game Ultima Online called "Samwise" and later "Tales by Tavernlight." Scott also produced a comic about his life as a newlywed called "Wedlock" for the early subscription comics site Modern Tales.. Kurtz also co-wrote the comic Truth, Justin and the American way with Aaron Williams.
He launched PvP May 4, 1998, for a gaming website (MPOG.COM). In June 1999, Kurtz retooled the strip and re-launched it. In March 2000, he launched a print version as a bi-monthly for Dork Storm Press. After publishing the print version of PvP for eight years through Image Comics, he began self-publishing, citing a natural readership decline of the print version and an increase of the online version. His self-publishing company, Toonhound Studios LLC, is a Texas entity with operations in Seattle.
Kurtz created a spin-off webcomic of PvP in 2013, entitled Table Titans. He also co-wrote The Trenches with Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik. The Trenches were a comic about working in the video game industry which ran from 2011 to 2016.
Kurtz played the character Dwarven Fighter Binwin Bronzebottom in Acquisitions Incorporated, a Dungeons & Dragons-related podcast and live show. In 2013, Kurtz collaborated with Kris Straub to write and produce an animated series for ShiftyLook based on the video game Mappy, titled Mappy: The Beat, with Kurtz also voicing several characters.
Kurtz lived in Little Elm, Texas until his move to Seattle in 2010, where he worked from the Penny Arcade offices for over a year. He now works from home.
Nominations & awards
2005: Nominated, Eisner Award, Best Writer/Artist—Humor — Image Comics, PvP
2005: Eagle Award, Favourite Web-based Comic - PvP
2006: Eisner Award, Best Digital Comic — PvP
2010: Harvey Award, Best Online Comic Work — PvP
Selected publications
How to Make Web Comics, by Brad J. Guigar, Dave Kellett, Scott Kurtz, Kris Straub, Image Comics (2008)
See also
PvP
Table Titans
References
External links
PvP
The Trenches
1971 births
Living people
American comic strip cartoonists
American comics artists
American comics writers
American webcomic creators
Alternative cartoonists
People from Kenmore, Washington
Artists from Seattle
Yaylabeli is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
The Total Experience Gospel Choir is a gospel music group based in Seattle, Washington, United States, founded in 1973 by Patrinell "Pat" Wright, who continues to lead the group as of 2016. They have sung in at least 38 states and 22 countries, have performed for United States presidents Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, and made at least seven recordings of their own, as well as singing behind Barry Manilow at KeyArena in 2015, and on the song "Save Me" on Dave Matthews's CD Some Devil. They have appeared in television commercials ("to pay our bills") and on the public radio program A Prairie Home Companion as well as numerous other radio programs.
Wright was born in Carthage, Texas. Her father was a Baptist preacher and her mother a schoolteacher. she sang her first solo at the age of 3, and by her 14th birthday, was directing two choirs in her father's church. She graduated as valedictorian from Turner High School in Carthage, Prairie View A&M University in Hempstead, Texas and moved in 1964 to Seattle. She has had an extensive musical career in her own right, and since 1997 has been pastor of the Oneness Christian Center in Seattle, which she co-founded.
Wright began the group in 1973 as a gospel music class at Seattle's public Franklin High School. Many lives have been touched, voices lifted in praise, children mentored and at times adopted, and decades passed. For a photo essay see the Total Experience Gospel Choir Facebook Page or on the website www.totalexperiencegospelchoir.org Photo Gallery.
Pastor Wright has earned the nickname "The Idol Breeder" and has become once again uniquely distinguished after three of her choir members became finalists on the television series American Idol. Among its former members are American Idol contestant Sanjaya Malakar in 2007, 2004 contestant Leah LaBelle Vladowski, and 2002 contestant Karma Johnson .
Until 1992–93, the choir was composed primarily of African American youth. Since that time, the choir's character has evolved. It currently has members from 6 to 65 years of age.
Since Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast Areas of Louisiana and Mississippi in August 2005, Pastor Wright has dedicated many hours for hurricane relief work. One of her own teenage choir members and her younger brother were caught up in the hurricane while in South Mississippi visiting family. Upon their safe return to Seattle, Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir devoted themselves tirelessly to hurricane relief. They visited the areas in August 2006, April 2007, March 2008, August 2008 and August 2015 helping to rebuild lives and property. While there, they were featured on local television a number of times rebuilding, dedicating and celebrating with hurricane survivors during the various mission trips.
For Pastor Wright's efforts, ABC News World News Tonight named her "Person of the Week" in May 2007 as well as one of the "Persons of the Year" on a broadcast aired December 27, 2007. See related links on the website [www.totalexperiencegospelchoir.org].
DirectTV on April 9, 2008 aired their special entitled "Hometown Heroes" where Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir were honored for their work on the Gulf Coast of MS as well.
SCAN TV honored Pastor Wright in February 2008 on local television in their Black History programming where she, along with other local community members, were lauded for their contributions to Black History in the Pacific Northwest.
In October 2007, Pastor Wright and members of Total Experience Gospel Choir traveled to Busan, South Korea where they competed in the Busan International Choral Festival and Competition. The choir placed "second" and won the Silver Medal in "Ethnic" and "Pop" categories. There were 36 choirs from 11 countries in the competition.
In 2008, Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir participated in the creation of the first of its kind "campaign CD" in an effort to help elect President Barack Obama. The CD "Seven Songs for America and One For The World" was produced by The Bergevin Brothers. All profits from "Seven Songs For America..." go to support Pastor Wright's "Seattle Artists" foundation to rebuild the lives and homes of Katrina victims in Mississippi and Louisiana. For more information about the campaign CD see www.bergevinbrothersmusic.com.
During 2014, The Total Experience Gospel Choir performed "Highway to Heaven" with the Heart Band at the Benayra Hall in Seattle and Victoria, British Columbia as well as many other Washington state locations. Pastor Pat Wright was asked to tour around the United States with Heart to teach the various choirs that accompanied them in each city.
On May 27, 2015 in Seattle at KeyArena on May 27, Pastor Wright and the Total Experience Gospel Choir performed on stage with Barry Manilow on his ONE LAST TIME concert! They sang the background for "Copacabana", "I Write the Songs" and "Miracle".
In July 2015 Pastor Wright took the choir down to New Orleans for the Ten Year Anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, working alongside Randy Novak of "Shirts Across America", the choir help renovate St. Jude Community Center and performed in various locations such as St. Augustine Catholic Church and anywhere there was a need to lift the spirits of the locals.
During a fund raising trip to Seattle in October 2015, Pastor Wright and a select few of the choir members were honored to sing for President Obama at the Westin Hotel.
On October 23, 2016, Pastor Pat Wright and the Total Experience Gospel Choir will be celebrating 43 years of praise.
Notes
External links
Official site.
Total Experience Gospel Choir, Seattle Times. 15 photos from the choir's tour of the post-Hurricane Katrina Gulf Coast.
, WLOX, Mississippi Gulf Coast, ABC Affiliate
, WLOX, Mississippi Gulf Coast, ABC Affiliate
, Helping elect President Obama
American gospel musical groups
Culture of Seattle
Musical groups from Seattle
Musical groups established in 1973
Marovitsika Sud is a commune in Atsimo-Atsinanana Region in south-eastern Madagascar.
Following 8 villages belong to the commune:
Amboraka
Ankazolahy
Atokoboritelo
Belenalena sud
Ezira
Mahasoa
Marovitsika
Mihaikarivo
References
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
District 42 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Multnomah County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Rob Nosse of Portland.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County, Oregon
Calvert was a railway station at Calvert, Buckinghamshire on the former Great Central Main Line between Manchester Piccadilly and London Marylebone. The station was opened in 1899 and closed to passengers in 1963 and goods in 1964.
History
Calvert was the last station on the Great Central's London Extension before it reached the Metropolitan's station at Quainton Road away. The station and line between Brackley and Quainton Junction were constructed by Walter Scott and Company of Newcastle upon Tyne. Although the station was named Calvert, no such place existed at the time and the name was that of the local landowner, Sir Harry Verney, who had been born a Calvert but changed his name upon succeeding to the Verney Baronetcy.
At the time, Calvert was a very rural settlement with the few houses making up the village being situated close to the station and nearby brickworks, which was the largest employer in the area. In Great Central style, the station had a single island platform located below a road overbridge, from the centre of which a staircase led down to the platform; the centre piers of the bridge were left hollow to provide lamp rooms. The design was chosen as it would allow the track to be quadrupled if ever required. About south of Calvert was Grendon Underwood Junction where "Calvert Cabin" signal box controlled the line as it split into two: one line branching out towards Princes Risborough, the other towards Amersham.
A connecting spur, brought into use on 14 September 1940, linked the OxfordCambridge Varsity Line with the Great Central at Calvert, allowing much of the freight which used the Verney JunctionQuainton Road section to be diverted over the Great Central. Calvert was to remain open a further 23 years before closing to passengers on 4 March 1963, the same day as nearby Quainton Road. Fast passenger trains continued to pass through the station until 1966 when the Great Central Main Line was closed.
Routes
Present and future
The station buildings have long since been demolished, the track through the station was lifted in 2021 and the platforms were demolished in May 2022. The stationmaster's house stands nearby.
The line of High Speed 2 is under construction and will pass through the site of the disused station. This location (called 'Thame Road') and a fall-back site, 'Great Pond' were announced in December 2010 as the site for the HS2 maintenance depot. The nearby Calvert Waste Plant has also been identified for heat and power generation. A railhead at Calvert is being used to deliver construction materials for High Speed 2.
Just to the north of the former station site, the route of the former Varsity Line is being rebuilt as East West Rail, which will pass over HS2 and provide rail access to its planned Calvert Infrastructure Maintenance Depot. The original scope of this section of EWR included reopening the branch line to : , this element is 'under review'. There are no plans for a station.
External links
Great Central Main Line photos, including a sign formerly at Calvert and 1900s / 2006 photos of the station house
References
Disused railway stations in Buckinghamshire
Former Great Central Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1899
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1964
1899 establishments in England
1964 disestablishments in England
Purbaya Polytechnic Institute, officially Politeknik Purbaya, is a private coeducational vocational education institution located in Tegal Regency, Central Java Province, Indonesia. It is the first technical higher education institution in the regency. Its campus is situated at Jalan Pancakarya No. 1 Talang. The polytechnic is operated autonomously under patronage of Yayasan Pertiwi di Tegal (The Pertiwi in Tegal Foundation).
Purbaya was established in 2002 by Mr H. Soediarto, the Regent of Tegal at the time and his wife Mrs. Hj. Sri Adiyati Soediarto. It was named after Raden Purbayasa, the first Regent of Tegal. The polytechnic's operating permit was issued by Ministry of National Education (now Ministry of Research, Technology and Higher Education) with Minister Decree No. 208/D/O/2002.
The polytechnic currently offers three-year vocational education in Mechanical Engineering and Information Systems.
Study Programs
The Purbayatech offers three-years vocational education in:
Mechanical engineering with a focus in mechanical systems design
Information systems with a focus in free/open-source software based Information systems
Mechanical Engineering Study Program
The Mechanical Engineering Study Program is intended to produce middle-level experts who are competent to:
Read and create technical/mechanical drawings according to ISO standards
Create three-dimensional drawings of mechanical systems
Design mechanical parts or systems
Compute strength of mechanical system constructions
Schedule and compute cost of prototype realization
Use information technology in their work
Information System Study Program
The Information System Study Program is intended to produce middle-level experts who are competent to:
Develop application programs based on the LAMP software bundle.
Administer the Linux operating system
Design and administer Linux based computer networks
Implement website content management systems
Implement e-commerce concepts on small and middle size businesses
Use office suite: word processor, spreadsheet and presentation
General
Tegal Regency has a reputation as a center of plate metalworking home industries in Indonesia.
Free/open-source software based education policy
Since January 2007, Purbayatech has implemented free/open-source (FOSS) technology into its academic and administrative activities.
List of FOSS being used:
Algorithm and Data Structure Laboratory : Java
C compiler : GCC
Technical / Engineering Drawing : LibreCAD
Numerical computations : Scilab
Office suite : LibreOffice
Operating system : Linux
RDMS : MySQL
Solid modeling : BRL-CAD and FreeCAD
Web browser : Mozilla Firefox
Web programming : PHP
Web Server Configuration Training : Apache
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in Central Java
Technical universities and colleges
Colleges in Indonesia
Educational institutions established in 2002
2002 establishments in Indonesia
Education in Central Java
Vocational education
Höhne or Hoehne is a German surname and may refer to:
André Höhne (born 1978), German race walker
Björn Höhne (born 1991), German volleyball player
Christoph Höhne (born 1941), retired race walker
Frederico Carlos Hoehne (1882–1959), Brazilian botanist
Friedrich Höhne (1915–1962), highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II
Gustav Höhne (1893–1951), highly decorated General der Infanterie in the Wehrmacht during World War II
Heinz Höhne (1926–2010), German journalist and historian
Holger Höhne (born 1970), German curler
Jutta Höhne (born 1951), German fencer
Klaus Höhne (1927–2006), German actor
Knut Höhne (born 1949), German fencer
Mia Höhne (born 2000), German curler
Otto Höhne (1895–1969), German World War I flying ace
Friedrich Kaufmann Höhne (1831–1879), South African politician
Verena Hoehne (1945–2012), Swiss journalist and author
Höhne, a character in the television science fiction series Andromeda
See also
Hoehne, Colorado, an unincorporated town and a U.S. Post Office in Las Animas County, Colorado, United States
Hohne (disambiguation)
Hohn (disambiguation)
In Bulgaria the driving licence ( (Certificate for driving a motorized vehicle), abbreviated СУМПС) is a governmental right given to those who request a license for any of the categories they desire. It is required for every type of motorized vehicle. The minimum age to obtain a driving license is: 16 years for a motorcycle, 18 years for a car, and 21 years for buses and cargo vehicles.
In addition to the plastic card, each holder of a Bulgarian driving licence is in possession of a second document, named control card (контролен талон). It is made of blue paper, is filled in by hand and is stamped. When a driver is fined for road violation, the counterfoil is taken by the authorities and is replaced by а breach act (акт за нарушение). The driver may continue driving for a limited period of time, stated in the document. The check counterfoil is returned only after the fine is paid.
Since 1999, the Bulgarian driving license format was changed from that of a pink booklet to a credit-card sized card. The pink booklet had been used for several decades and thus the driving license was and still is informally called in (driver's booklet).
Obtaining a driver's licence
The Bulgarian driving licence can be obtained after finishing a driving school and passing a two-stage test, the theory test and road test. A first aid course for drivers and a primary school diploma is also required to obtain valid driver's licence. A medical certificate by a GP is also necessary.
Gallery of historic images
See also
European driving licence
Vehicle registration plates of Bulgaria
Vehicle registration plates of the European Union
Bulgarian identity card
Bulgarian passport
External links
Bulgarian road legislation
Bulgaria
Road transport in Bulgaria
Temyasovo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Temyasovsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 3,529 as of 2010. There are 46 streets.
Geography
Temyasovo is located 55 km north of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Verkhneidrisovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
Lloyd Harry Johnson (13 December 1913 – 26 February 2004) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1913 births
2004 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
House Flipper is a simulation game that was developed by Frozen District and published by PlayWay S.A.. It was released on May 17, 2018.
Gameplay
Gameplay involves fixing up properties in order to create a profit. Tasks that can be performed include painting, laying down tiles, cleaning, installations, and demolition. Players can fix and personalize their own homes, fix houses in quests and buy houses to fix and sell.
Reception
House Flipper received "mixed or average reviews" according to review aggregator Metacritic, with multiple reviewers commenting that fixing up the homes is satisfying while questioning its long-term playability. Kotaku reviewed the game, stating that they found it satisfying to fix up homes that are "often extremely gross or ugly" and that "Manifesting your vision of a decent, sellable house onto these garbage heaps feels amazing—especially because it happens on such a granular scale." Game Informer was more mixed, writing that "Flipping your first few houses is fun, but the game doesn't have the scope or flexibility to stay interesting for long". PC Gamer was critical, stating that "There's a definite satisfaction in taking a gross room and making it look nice, and it's pretty cool that you can knock down (and rebuild) walls, but I just don't find the act of slowly and mechanically painting and cleaning much fun, especially with the knowledge that my actual house could do with a bit of that." It became a bestseller on Steam.
Awards
The game was nominated for "Game, Simulation" at the National Academy of Video Game Trade Reviewers Awards. House Flipper was also awarded Poznań Game Arena Best Polish Indie Game of 2018.
Downloadable content
Together with the base game, on May 17, 2018, a free Apocalypse Flipper DLC was released. The player receives more items and 5 new properties that can be bought.
On May 16, 2019, the Garden Flipper DLC was released. This allows the player to apply renovations to the gardens of properties. The player can then participate in the garden competitions where their work will be evaluated and given a score. The property can then be sold at a higher price depending on the score that was achieved.
On May 14, 2020, the HGTV DLC was released. This DLC features new jobs, items, gameplay-mechanics and properties that can be bought. The latter requires the player to first complete the corresponding jobs.
On November 19, 2020, a new free Cyberpunk Flipper DLC was released. The DLC adds a new property for renovation and a set of props, all centered around the cyberpunk theme.
In 2021, PlayWay announced two additional DLCs; the Pets DLC is centered around adopting and keeping pets such as dogs and cats, while the Luxury Flipper DLC, released in late 2021, is based around renovating expensive modern and old houses in a new town - Moonrise Bay.
References
External links
2018 video games
Business simulation games
Construction and management simulation games
MacOS games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
Video games developed in Poland
Windows games
Xbox One games
Video games with Steam Workshop support
The Journal of Drug Issues is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the adverse effects of drugs, especially illicit drugs. It was established in 1971 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the Florida State University College of Criminology and Criminal Justice. The editor-in-chief is Kevin Beaver of the same university. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 1.304, ranking it 27th out of 35 journals in the category "Substance Abuse".
References
External links
Addiction medicine journals
Publications established in 1971
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Pomasia parerga is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in north-eastern India.
References
Moths described in 1941
Eupitheciini
Chekrovolü Swüro (born 21 November 1982) is an Indian archer from Nagaland. She represented India in archery in the 2002 Asian Games and 2006 Asian Games held at Busan, South Korea, and Doha, Qatar, respectively. She was a member of the silver medal-winning team in the 2011 World Archery Championships, held at Turin, Italy. By winning a silver medal in the team event at the 2011 World Archery Championships in Turin, she qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in both women's individual and team archery.
Personal life
Swüro lives in Chümoukedima, Nagaland. She serves as Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) in the Nagaland Armed Police (NAP). Her elder sister, Vesüzolü S. Vadeo, was a former national archer. She has been competing at the international level for more than a decade, during which she has won many medals. Swüro represented India at the 2012 London Olympic Games. She is the second Naga athlete to participate in the Olympics after a gap of 64 years.
Awards and recognition
Arjuna Award 2013
Career in Archery
2001 12th Asian Archery Championship Hong Kong; Indv. Qtr Final
2002 2nd Asian Archery Championship, China; Indv. Qtr Final
2002 14th Asian Games, Bhusan, Korea ; Indv. Qtr Final
2003 13th Asian Archery Championship, Myanmar; Team
2005 World Archery Championship Madrid, Spain ; Team
2005 Asian Archery Championship New Delhi, India; Team Bronze
2006 Commonwealth Archery Champ. Jamshedpur, India; Team Gold
2006 Asian Games, Doha, Qatar; Participated
2007 15th Asian Archery Championship, China; Team Bronze
2007 World Cup Stage IV, Dover, Great Britain; Team Bronze
2007 World Archery Championship, Dover, Great Britain; Participated
2009 16th Asian Archery Championship, Bali, Indonesia, Team 4th Position
2011 World Cup Stage 2, Antalya, Turkey; Team Bronze
2011 World Archery Championship, Turin, Italy; Team Silver
2011 World cup Stage 3, Turin, Italy ; Team Silver
2012 Summer Olympics in both women's individual and team archery; Participated
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Indian female archers
Olympic archers of India
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
People from Phek district
Archers at the 2002 Asian Games
Archers at the 2006 Asian Games
Archers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
People from Chümoukedima district
Sportswomen from Nagaland
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Asian Games competitors for India
Flinder Ranges Way (route B83) is the main road route through the Flinders Ranges in South Australia. It starts from the Augusta Highway at Stirling North, 6 km southeast of Port Augusta. The Flinders Range Way extends 209 km to Blinman. Route B83 follows the Flinders Ranges Way through Quorn to Hawker, but then branches onto The Outback Highway along the western side of the ranges through Leigh Creek to Lyndhurst.
Major junctions
References
External links
Roads in South Australia
Shaanxiana is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic, containing only the species Shaanxiana takashimai which is found in Shaanxi, China. Shaanxiana takashimai contains the subspecies S. t. pauper Sugiyama, 1994 from Mount Siguniang, Sichuan
References
Theclini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
The 2003–04 Australian Figure Skating Championships was held in Boondall from 29 November through 6 December 2003. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including senior, junior, novice, adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of primary and intermediate.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Ice dancing
External links
results
2003 in figure skating
2004 in figure skating
Fig
Fig
Australian Figure Skating Championships
Haskell County (county code HS) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 3,780. Its county seat and most populous city is Sublette.
History
Haskell County was founded in 1887. It was named for Dudley C. Haskell, a former member of Congress.
Origin of the Spanish flu pandemic
John M. Barry, Distinguished Visiting Scholar, the Center for Bioenvironmental Research of Tulane and Xavier Universities, New Orleans, Louisiana, concluded that Haskell County was the location of the first outbreak of the 1918 flu pandemic (nicknamed "Spanish flu"), which killed between 21 and 100 million people. Dr. Loring Miner, a Haskell County doctor, warned the editors of Public Health Reports of the U.S. Public Health Service about the new and more deadly variant of the virus. It produced the common influenza symptoms with a new intensity: "violent headache and body aches, high fever, non-productive cough. . . . This was violent, rapid in its progress through the body, and sometimes lethal. This influenza killed. Soon dozens of patients—the strongest, the healthiest, the most robust people in the county—were being struck down as suddenly as if they had been shot." Barry writes that in the first six months of 1918, Miner's warning of "the influenza of a severe type" was the only reference in that journal to influenza anywhere in the world.
Haskell County, Kansas, is the first recorded instance anywhere in the world of an outbreak of influenza so unusual that a physician warned public health officials. It remains the first recorded instance suggesting that a new virus was adapting, violently, to man.
If the virus did not originate in Haskell, there is no good explanation for how it arrived there. There were no other known outbreaks anywhere in the United States from which someone could have carried the disease to Haskell and no suggestions of influenza outbreaks in either newspapers or reflected in vital statistics anywhere else in the region. And unlike the 1916 outbreak in France, one can trace with perfect definiteness the route of the virus from Haskell to the outside world.
Miner's report was not published until April 1918 and it failed to collect the attention it needed. It was not until after 2000 that historians' research revealed the origin of one of the deadliest epidemics in human history.
Historians have generally reported that the path of the disease from Haskell to the world occurred when newly inducted soldiers from the county traveled 200 miles from the county to Camp Funston (now Fort Riley) and were then deployed to Europe at the beginning of United States involvement in World War I.
However, Haskell County's role in the pandemic is widely disputed. Many pathologists believe that Haskell County did not play a role in the virus's origin and that historical accounts are entirely coincidental.
Surviving the Dust Bowl
The railroad and the development of oil and gas fields in the 1930s, and the locating of many deep wells for irrigation significantly improved the economy of the area helping overcome the "dust bowl" of that period. Haskell County was one of the hardest hit counties in the Midwest during the drought of 1930–1937.
The first rodeo and fair was held in Sublette in 1916 and the fair continues at the same location. The first school district was founded in Santa Fe in 1887. Amanda I. Watkins, who owned a considerable amount of land in the county, was named "World Wheat Queen" in 1926.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.06%) is water.
Haskell County is the flattest county in Kansas.
Adjacent counties
Finney County (north)
Gray County (east)
Meade County (southeast)
Seward County (south)
Stevens County (southwest)
Grant County (west)
Kearny County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the U.S. Census in 2000, there were 4,307 people, 1,481 households, and 1,153 families residing in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 1,639 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 85.07% White, 0.63% Asian, 0.58% Native American, 0.19% Black or African American, 11.45% from other races, and 2.09% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 23.57% of the population.
There were 1,481 households, out of which 43.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.40% were married couples living together, 5.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.10% were non-families. 20.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.35.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 32.90% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 27.80% from 25 to 44, 19.50% from 45 to 64, and 10.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 103.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,634, and the median income for a family was $43,354. Males had a median income of $31,296 versus $22,857 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,349. About 8.00% of families and 11.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.40% of those under age 18 and 9.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
As do most counties in rural western Kansas, Haskell County leans heavily Republican. However, in 2016, the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, got a higher share of the county's vote than Barack Obama did in 2012. The last time Haskell County was carried by a Democratic presidential nominee was 1964, when Lyndon B. Johnson won the county as part of his nationwide landslide victory.
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, Haskell County has remained a prohibition, or "dry", county.
Education
Unified school districts
Sublette USD 374
Satanta USD 507
Communities
Cities
Satanta
Sublette (county seat)
Unincorporated community
Tice
Ghost town
Santa Fe (historical)
Townships
Haskell County is divided into three townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
High Plains (United States)
Great Plains
References
Further reading
External links
County
Haskell County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Haskell County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1887 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1887
Adriano in Siria (Hadrian in Syria) is a libretto by Italian poet Metastasio first performed, with music by Antonio Caldara, in Vienna in 1732, and turned into an opera by at least 60 other composers during the next century. Metastasio based the background of the story on late Classical works by Cassius Dio (Book 19 of the Roman History) and Elio Sparziano (Vita Hadriani Caesaris).
The aria Che fa il mio bene? also known as L'amante impaziente, sung by the character Emirena, was set to music by Ludwig van Beethoven in his Opus 82: 4 Arietten und ein Duett.
Performances
The libretto was composed for Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor and premiered in the Theater am Kärntnertor in Vienna on 4 November 1732. The scenes were designed by Antonio Galli da Bibiena (1697–1774). A revised version was first performed in 1733, with music by Giacomelli.
Some of the later operas based on this libretto were also created for royal festivities: the version by Pergolesi was intended for the birthday of Elisabeth Farnese, the Queen of Spain, and premiered at the Teatro San Bartolomeo in Naples on 25 October 1734, with the castrato Caffarelli singing the part of Farnaspe, which was radically altered from the first version of just two years earlier. In the yet again altered version of 1735 by Francesco Maria Veracini, written for the short-lived but ambitious Opera of the Nobility in London, the same role was sung by Farinelli, joined in an all-star cast by Senesino, Francesca Cuzzoni and Antonio Montagnana (Burden 2007, 31). George Frederic Handel was present at the premiere in Haymarket Theatre. Charles Jennens liked the opera and ordered a score; Lord Hervey, not known for his musical perception, and Henry Liddell, 1st Baron Ravensworth were bored (Dean 2006, 278–79; Van Til 2007, 121). However, the work enjoyed a run of twenty performances over six months (Helyard 2000).
In 1768–69, Ignaz Holzbauer also composed an opera based on the libretto by Metastasio, this time to be performed at the royal wedding between Amalie of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld and Frederick Augustus I of Saxony on 29 January 1769. The 1765 version by Johann Christian Bach, while not especially created for a royal occasion, was even visited twice by George III of the United Kingdom and his wife Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz when it was performed in London in 1765.
As a royalist or even imperialist opera, it was badly received by Republicans and revolutionaries. In 1792, Étienne Méhul had finished his version Adrien with a libretto by François-Benoît Hoffman based on Metastasio; it was set to premier at the Paris Opera on 6 March 1792, but the Commune opposed it, as the opera was written by an Austrian (Anti-Austrian sentiments were running high at the time and France would declare war on Austria the next month), and the theme was imperialistic, which went against the ideals of the French Revolution. The premier was postponed for a week, and Hoffman defended his work in an open letter, but to no avail, as the work was banned on 12 March 1792. It finally premiered in 1799, but was again shut down by the Directory after four performances.
Roles
Adriano: governor of Syria, in love with Emirena
Emirena: prisoner of Adriano, in love with Farnaspe
Farnaspe: friend of Osroa and prince of the Parths, in love with and betrothed to Emirena
Osroa: King of the Parthian Empire, father of Emirena
Sabina: in love with and betrothed to Adriano
Aquilio: tribune, friend of Adriano and secretly in love with Sabina
Synopsis
Set in Antioch against the historic background of the time the future Roman Emperor Hadrian spent as Governor of Syria, it tells a fictional love story, where the virtue of Adriano is tested by his infatuation with Emirena, a Parthian princess, both before and after his marriage to Sabina. One of the subplots in the story is the attempt by Osroa to kill Adriano in a fire. Eventually, all ends well, Osroa is spared, Farnaspe marries Emirena, and Adriano returns to the love of his wife Sabina.
Operas based on the Metastasio libretto
1732: Antonio Caldara
1733: Geminiano Giacomelli
1734: Giovanni Battista Pergolesi, Adriano in Siria
1734: Pietro Giuseppe Sandoni
1735: Francesco Maria Veracini (adaptation of the libretto by Angelo Cori)
1735: Riccardo Broschi
1736: Egidio Duni
1737: Giovanni Battista Ferrandini
1737: José de Nebra, Adriano en Siria o Más gloria es triunfar de sí
1737: Giovanni Porta
1739: Giovanni Alberto Ristori
1740: Baldassare Galuppi
1740: Michele Caballone
1740: Giovanni Battista Lampugnani
1740: Antonio Giai
1745: Giovanni Verocai, Die getreue Emirena Parthische Prinzeßin
1745: Carl Heinrich Graun, Artabanus
1746: Girolamo Abos
1746: Paolo Scalabrini
1747: Gaetano Latilla
1747-48: Vincenzo Legrenzio Ciampi
1750: Ignazio Fiorillo
1750: Giovan Battista Pescetti
1750: Antonio Gaetano Pampani
1751: Andrea Adolfati
1752: Giuseppe Scarlatti
1752: Johann Adolph Hasse
1752: Davide Perez
1753: Michelangelo Valentini
1753: Giuseppe Scolari
1754: Nicola Conforto
1755: Andrea Bernasconi
1756: Rinaldo di Capua
1757: Francesco Uttini
1757: Francesco Brusa
1758: Giovanni Battista Borghi
1758: Baldassare Galuppi (second version)
1760: Antonio Maria Mazzoni
1762: Johann Gottfried Schwanenberger
1762: Giuseppe Colla
1763: Gregorio Sciroli
1764: Marian Wimmer
1765: Pietro Alessandro Guglielmi
1765: Johann Christian Bach
1768: Ignaz Holzbauer
1768: Hieronymus Mango
1769: Gian Francesco de Majo
1769: Carlo Monza
1770: Antonio Sacchini
1770: Antonio Tozzi
1773: Giacomo Insanguine
1775: Gaetano Monti
1776: Josef Mysliveček, Adriano in Siria
1777: Pasquale Anfossi
1778: Giuseppe Sarti
1779: Felice Alessandri
1781: Giacomo Rust
1782: Luigi Cherubini
1788: Jakob Friedrich Gauss, Hadrian in Syrien
1789: Sebastiano Nasolini
1798: Simon Mayr
1799: Étienne Méhul, Adrien, libretto by François-Benoît Hoffman adapted from Metastasio
1807: Joseph Weigl, Kaiser Hadrian
1811: Vincento Migliorucci
1813: Marcos Portugal
1815: Giuseppe Farinelli
1821: Pietro Airoldi
1828: Saverio Mercadante
References
External links
Opera seria
Italian-language operas
Operas
Libretti by Metastasio
1732 operas
Vadim Tokarev (born 29 February 1972) is a US-based Russian professional boxer who competed from 2000 to 2008.
Professional career
Born in Yekaterinburg, Tokarev began his professional career in 2000 and won his first 15 fights in a row. He has a record of 26 wins, 1 loss, and 1 draw. He was undefeated in his first 24 fights picking up the Russian, IBF Inter-Continental and NABF cruiserweight titles.
His only defeat came against Marco Huck in an eliminator fight for the IBF Cruiserweight Title.
Professional boxing record
|-
|align="center" colspan=8|26 Wins (19 knockouts, 7 decisions), 1 Losses (0 knockouts, 1 decision), 1 Draw
|-
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|-align=center
|Win
|
|align=left| Manu Ntoh
|TKO
|8
|27/11/2008
|align=left| Saint Petersburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Chris Thomas
|TKO
|3
|03/10/2008
|align=left| Saint Petersburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Marlon Hayes
|TKO
|3
|13/10/2007
|align=left| Moscow, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Marco Huck
|MD
|12
|26/05/2007
|align=left| Bamberg, Germany
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Shane Swartz
|KO
|2
|25/11/2006
|align=left| Warsaw, Poland
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Felix Cora Jr.
|TKO
|4
|18/05/2006
|align=left| Hollywood, Florida, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ali Ismailov
|RTD
|8
|17/02/2006
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Darnell Wilson
|UD
|10
|18/08/2005
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Michael Simms
|UD
|10
|13/05/2005
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Troy Beets
|KO
|5
|01/10/2004
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Arthur Williams
|UD
|10
|29/04/2004
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Darnell Wilson
|UD
|10
|29/04/2004
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Marvin Aguilar
|TKO
|3
|20/12/2003
|align=left| Podolsk, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Firat Arslan
|PTS
|12
|16/08/2003
|align=left| Nürburg, Germany
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| George Sabuni
|TKO
|1
|11/06/2003
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Merick Roberge
|KO
|2
|15/03/2003
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Valeri Semiskur
|TKO
|2
|25/12/2002
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Muslim Biarslanov
|UD
|10
|03/11/2002
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Goran Dinic
|KO
|2
|21/09/2002
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Evgeny Galchenko
|TKO
|3
|04/07/2002
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Dmitry Lyakhovetsky
|TKO
|2
|18/04/2002
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Sergey Korolev
|UD
|10
|28/02/2002
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Dmitry Gerasimov
|TKO
|5
|22/12/2001
|align=left| Kazan, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Timofey Maklakov
|TKO
|2
|28/10/2001
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Teymuraz Kekelidze
|TKO
|2
|20/09/2001
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Valery Makeev
|TKO
|5
|31/05/2001
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Artem Vychkin
|TKO
|2
|15/03/2001
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Denis Deryabkin
|UD
|6
|08/02/2001
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Vitaly Mugunov
|UD
|6
|08/12/2000
|align=left| Ekaterinburg, Russia
|align=left|
|}
External links
Living people
Cruiserweight boxers
1972 births
American male boxers
Russian male boxers
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Laos is divided into 17 provinces (Lao: ແຂວງ, khoueng) and 1 prefecture (kampheng nakhon), or capital city municipality (ນະຄອນຫລວງ, nakhon luang). Furthermore, 1 so-called special administrative zone (ເຂດພິເສດ, khet phiset) existed between 1994 and 2006, when it was re-merged into its surrounding provinces (i.e. Vientiane and Xiangkhoang). The Xaisomboun special administrative zone was later recreated as the 17th province. Each province is subdivided into districts (Lao: ເມືອງ, mueang) and then subdivided into villages (Lao: ບ້ານ, baan).
Districts of Laos
Note — Each district has a code in parentheses displaying the first two digits as the province and the last two as the district representing that province.
References
External links
Laos Ministry of Education district maps (archive)
Subdivisions of Laos
Laos, Districts
Laos 2
Districts, Laos
Districts
The Honourable Elizabeth Susan Varley (née Douglas-Scott-Montagu; 26 September 1909 – 6 May 2002) was an actress and the daughter of John Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 2nd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu. She pursued careers in the entertainment industry, literature and advertising.
Early life
Elizabeth Montagu was born at Beaulieu Abbey, Hampshire, on 26 September 1909, the second daughter of the John Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 2nd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu by his first wife Lady Cecil Kerr, the daughter of Schomberg Kerr, 9th Marquess of Lothian. She was a direct descendant of Charles II and Lucy Walter, through their son, James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth. Her mother died in the 1918 flu pandemic. Montagu attended St Margaret's School, Bushey and a finishing school at Lausanne, but she was not interested in society life and chose instead to train as an actress at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts from 1932.
Film and theatre
Varley began an acting career at the Newcastle Repertory Company and appeared in several West End stage productions and on BBC Radio dramas. She was personal assistant to Arturo Toscanini while he was in London to conduct at the BBC's London Music Festivals in 1937–1938. She helped Walter Legge found the Philharmonia Orchestra. After the war, she worked on film scripts for directors such as Alexander Korda.
In 1948 Montagu met Graham Greene in Vienna. She showed him (and later Orson Welles) some of its less reputable night clubs, while he worked on the script for The Third Man. She introduced Greene to Peter Smolka, the eastern European correspondent for The Times. Smolka gave Greene stories about the black market in Vienna. She was a committee member of Benjamin Britten's English Opera Group; she also wrote libretti for Rolf Liebermann and Paul Burkhard.
European travels
She travelled extensively through Europe in 1935–1939, and studied at a piano school in Switzerland. When asked about her racial background while applying for a visa at the German consulate in St. Gallen, she angrily swept items – including a portrait of Hitler – from the desktop onto the floor. Her passport was confiscated.
Montagu was sent to France at the start of the Second World War as an ambulance driver. After her unit retreated to Bordeaux, she refused to leave and hid at a friend's home for several months. On a train to Switzerland she noticed she was under surveillance, and so asked two hat salesmen for help at the next station. She escaped while hidden under the boxes in their car.
While working at the Political Intelligence Department at the British Embassy in Berne, Montagu translated material from within Germany, including information on what was happening at Treblinka extermination camp.
Advertising
In the 1960s she co-founded Francis-Montagu, a company that produced television advertising. Its clients included Ryvita and Black Magic chocolates.
Politics
Montagu's times in theatrical digs had created strong socialist leanings. She became involved in the women's committee of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament.
Personal life
Having been the lover of the classical pianist Renata Borgatti (1894–1964), she became the fourth wife on 29 August 1962 of Colonel Arthur Noel Claude Varley CBE (mil., 1902–1985), founder of the advertising agency Colman, Prentis and Varley. There were no children of the marriage.
She wrote an autobiography, Honourable Rebel: The Memoirs of Elizabeth Montagu (later Elizabeth Varley) (Beaulieu: Montagu Ventures, 2003), . A film of her life, Honourable Rebel, appeared in 2015.
References
External links
National Portrait Gallery
1909 births
2002 deaths
British advertising executives
British debutantes
Daughters of barons
20th-century English screenwriters
20th-century English actresses
Clan Scott
The 1951 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska and member of the Big Seven Conference in the 1951 college football season. The team was coached by Bill Glassford and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Before the season
Coach Glassford's third year at the helm commenced with hopeful expectations after the turnaround season of 1950 that produced Nebraska's first winning record in ten years. The Cornhuskers had finished out the previous season ranked #17 by the AP Poll, following a competitive 35-49 loss to the national champion Oklahoma Sooners, and it looked like the train was finally back on the tracks in Lincoln. Returning for 1951 was the entire coaching staff of the previous season, and the AP shined favorably on Nebraska by introducing the Cornhuskers at #12 to open the 1951 slate.
Schedule
Roster
Coaching staff
Bob Tritsch – Student Manager 1948–1951, Senior Student Manager 1950–51
Game summaries
TCU
The 1951 Cornhuskers stumbled out of the gate, falling to Texas Christian in Lincoln in the first-ever meeting of these teams. The combination of a new and innovative TCU offensive formation with ill-timed Nebraska turnovers gave the Horned Frogs a relatively easy win. TCU went on the finish the season 6-4-0 and ranked #11 by the AP Poll.
Kansas State
A large contingent of Cornhusker fans traveled to Manhattan for the season's road-opening game, braving the wet weather and with hopes of another easy win over the beleaguered Kansas State team. The Wildcats succeeded in slowing the Nebraska attack following the first touchdown of the day, and managed to tie the game after the half and hold on the finish the game at an even 6-6. Nebraska returned to Lincoln without an outright win in the series for the first time in the last nine meetings, but the Wildcats were later penalized for using an ineligible player for the game and had to forfeit the resulting tie. The official final recorded score for the game was later revised, to a 1-0 Nebraska victory, moving the Cornhuskers to 29-4-2 against Kansas State to date.
Penn State
After a lackluster opening to the season, Coach Glassford reorganized his personnel in preparation for the visit by Penn State. The Nittany Lions scored first, but the Cornhuskers made it a battle by firing right back to go up 7-6. Scoring was sparse on the day, but Nebraska was unable to answer a later touchdown by Penn State and fell to 1-3 in the series.
Minnesota
Minnesota hosted the Cornhuskers in Minneapolis and successfully avenged their rare loss to Nebraska by taking advantage of a series of Cornhusker miscues just prior to the halftime break. Until the shift of momentum, it appeared that Nebraska might be able to make a fight out of the contest, but the Golden Gophers were once again triumphant, advancing their commanding lead in the series to 26-5-2.
Missouri
For the second week in a row, second-quarter mistakes proved costly to the Cornhuskers, as a 7-7 tie was broken open with two quick Missouri touchdowns before the half. By falling to the Tigers, who had as yet not won a game themselves, the Cornhusker season now seemed to be spiraling out of control, bringing back visions of the painful 1940s. Nebraska's lead in the series slipped to 25-16-3, and Missouri took back the Victory Bell for the year.
Kansas
Homecoming week brought the Kansas Jayhawks to Lincoln, but more Cornhusker turnovers spelled doom for hopes of the season's first outright victory. Five of Nebraska's six fumbles were lost to Kansas, making little work for the Jayhawks to pick up the win and disappoint the homecoming crowd. Nebraska remained ahead in the series 41-13-3, but remained winless on the field in all six games of the season so far
Iowa State
Coach Glassford again implemented changes, installing elements of the spread formation presented by the Texas Christian team in Nebraska's season-opening loss, and successfully managed to snatch the season's first victory against the Cyclones. The turnover battle was also won by the Cornhuskers on the field, as Iowa State gave up six interceptions and failed to take away either of Nebraska's two fumbles on the day. Thus an outright winning streak was kept alive as the Cornhuskers left Ames with six straight decisions over the Cyclones and improved to 36-8-1 in the series.
Colorado
Nebraska again attacked using the new spread formation, but found less success than the previous week, and once again the Cornhuskers were set back by miscues in the 2nd quarter. With key injuries taking a toll, Nebraska reverted to the T formation against the Buffaloes but was unable to produce meaningful results and fell before the visiting Colorado squad for the second year in a row, slipping to 6-4 in the series to date.
Oklahoma
Reigning league champion Oklahoma arrived in Lincoln ranked at #12 by the AP Poll, and set to the task of closing Nebraska's home field season with another Cornhusker loss. The Nebraska defense made a fight out of the event for much of the game before collapsing in the 4th quarter. No offensive look managed to get past the Sooners as the Cornhuskers were shut out for the first time of the season, giving up another decision to Oklahoma, yet still holding on to the series lead at 16-12-3. The nine straight losses against the Sooners again extended Nebraska's record losing streak to any single team. Oklahoma finished the season as undefeated Big 7 champions, 8-2-0 overall, and ranked #10.
Miami
The Cornhuskers traveled to Miami for the first-ever meeting of these teams, and fan expectation was not high for success. Surprisingly, the Cornhuskers came out swinging and were actually leading the game 7-6 by halftime, avoiding the "2nd quarter jinx" that had haunted the squad for much of the season. The second half told a different story as Nebraska's scoring came to a halt and the Hurricanes tacked on two more touchdowns to close out a very disappointing Cornhusker campaign.
Rankings
After the season
The brief successful fire seen in Nebraska's 1950 8-2 season was just as quickly darkened when the 1951 campaign fell flat. Although the season eventually would be recorded as a dismal 2-8-0 after being revised because of the Kansas State forfeit, this was of no meaningful improvement over the original 1-8-1 end-of-season tally, and was significantly worse than coach Glassford's initial 5-4 record in his first year. One bright spot looking to the future was the return of future NFL draft picks Bobby Reynolds and Ed Hussman, both set to play for one more year.
The disappointing close to 1951 brought coach Glassford's career record down to 9-9-0 (.500) in the Big 7, and dropped his previously winning overall record to 12-15-1 (.446). The Nebraska program endured another hit to its legacy by slipping to 328-163-32 (.658) all time and 129-46-11 (.723) in conference play.
Future NFL and other professional league players
Ed Husmann, 1953 9th-round pick of the Chicago Cardinals
Jerry Minnick, 1954 9th-round pick of the Washington Redskins
Bobby Reynolds, 1953 7th-round pick of the Los Angeles Rams
References
Nebraska
Nebraska Cornhuskers football seasons
Nebraska Cornhuskers football
The northern royal flycatcher (Onychorhynchus mexicanus) is a passerine bird in the family Tityridae according to the International Ornithological Committee (IOC). It is found in Mexico, south through most Central America, to northwestern Colombia and far western Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The IOC considers the northern royal flycatcher and three other royal flycatcher taxa to be separate species and places them in the family Tityridae. The South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (SACC-AOS) and the Clements taxonomy consider the four to be subspecies of the widespread royal flycatcher (Onychorhynchus coronatus sensu lato). SACC-AOS places O. coronatus in family Onychorhynchidae and includes four other flycatcher species in that family. Clements places it in family Oxyruncidae and includes those four, one other flycatcher, and the sharpbill. IOC considers all of them to be in Tityridae.
The northern royal flycatcher has two subspecies, the nominate Onychorhynchus mexicanus mexicanus and O. m. fraterculus.
Description
The northern royal flycatcher is long. It is brown above with small buffy spots on its wing-coverts and buffy yellow below. The rump and tail are buffy cinnamon. The bill is long and broad. It has an erectile fan-shaped crest that is orange-red in the male and yellow-orange in the female.
Distribution and habitat
The northern royal flycatcher occurs from southern Mexico into South America. However, it appears to have been extirpated from El Salvador. The nominate subspecies is found from Mexico to Panama and O. m. fraterculus in northern Colombia and northwestern Venezuela. In Mexico and northern Central America it ranges in elevation from sea level to . On the Pacific side of Costa Rica it ranges up to but on the Caribbean side only to .
The northern royal flycatcher inhabits humid lowlands, both primary evergreen and second growth forests. It is a bird of the midstory, often along streams and in seasonally flooded várzea forest.
Behavior
Feeding
All of the royal flycatchers are insectivorous.
Breeding
The northern royal flycatcher breeds between April and July in Guatemala and between March and May or June in Costa Rica. The nest is long and narrow and is suspended from a branch or vine, usually above water. The clutch is two eggs; only the female incubates them and broods and feeds the nestlings.
Vocalization
The northern royal flycatcher is usually inconspicuous and quiet. Its song is "a descending, slowing series of plaintive whistles" and its call a repeated "keeeyup or keee-yew". In this example the song is faintly heard among the calls.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the northern royal flycatcher as being of The Least Concern.
References
Further reading
northern royal flycatcher
Birds of Central America
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
northern royal flycatcher
northern royal flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Anna Justine Leader (born 1996) is a Luxembourg poet and novelist who writes in English. She has won several awards including Luxembourg's national literary contest for young authors (Concours littéraire national, jeunes auteurs de 15-25 ans), first for her novel A Several World in 2014, then for her poetry collection A Lifetime Lies in 2015, and finally for her play Outlast in 2018.
Biography
Born in Bellingham, Washington, on 19 October 1996, Anna Justine Leader is the daughter of American schoolteacher René Leader and the British writer and schoolteacher James Leader. After spending her first four years in the United States, she moved with her family to Luxembourg in 2000. She matriculated from the International School of Luxembourg in 2014, after which she embarked on a comparative literature course at Princeton University. Leader graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa in June 2018.
Anna has won the Luxembourgish Concours littéraire national three times, in 2014, 2015, and 2018. Aged 16, she completed her first novel; Tentative tells the story of a teenage triad in Paris. In 2014, her first historical novel won the Luxembourg literary contest in the under-25 category. A Several Worlds is based on a period when Trotsky, Freud, Klimt and the young Anna Freud were all living close to each other in Vienna at the time of World War I. Leader completed the manuscript of 140,000 words in just three months while taking her international baccalaureate examinations. In 2015, Anna won first place again for a collection of poems titled "A Lifetime Lies," and in 2018 the prize was awarded to her play Outlast, a queer environmental take on Luxembourg's founding myth.
When interviewed by Amanda Blanco at Princeton in March 2016, she explained that she has been strongly influenced by her literary father, publishing her first poem when she was only five. She hopes to have a career in education, following in the footsteps of her parents and grandparents. Leader graduated from Princeton University in June 2018 and now works in education.
Awards
In addition to her three national Luxembourg awards, Leader won first prize at the 'Concours Jeune Printemps' in 2012 with her poem "Elegy for Two" and second prize in 2014 with "The Museum". In 2013 and 2015, she was awarded joint first prize in the Guardian Stephen Spender Prize for literary translation (u-18), first with "The Approaching Winter" from Jules Laforgue's "L'hiver qui vient," and then with "Weeds", from German poet Jan Wagner's "Giersch". In 2016, Leader won first prize in the Princeton University Creative Reactions Contest with an untitled poem inspired by the Arcanto String Quartet's concert of 12 November 2015. She also won the 2017 Creative Reactions Contest with a poem titled "love songs between balconies" inspired by the mezzo-soprano Jamie Berton on 6 October 2016.
References
External links
Anna Leader's report on her OECD internship
1996 births
Living people
People from Bellingham, Washington
Luxembourgian women writers
Luxembourgian poets
Luxembourgian novelists
Princeton University alumni
21st-century Luxembourgian writers
21st-century Luxembourgian women writers
This is a list of islands of Turkey. There are around 500 islands and islets in the Turkey. These islands are located in the Aegean Sea, Black Sea, Mediterranean Sea, Sea of Marmara, and Turkish lakes. The Turkish words for island/islands/rocks are Adasi/Adalar/Kayaları. The largest Turkish island is Gökçeada in the Aegean Sea with an area of . The lists in the following sections include name, formal name when different, Turkish Province, sea where the island is located and coordinates.
Islands by body of water
Aegean Sea islands
The following Turkish islands are in the Aegean Sea:
Aydın Province
The Turkish Aegean Sea islands in Aydin Province include the following:
Balıkesir Province
There are at least 54 islands in Balıkesir Province, including islands in the Aegean Sea and the Sea of Marmara. Many of the islands in the Aegean Sea are part of the Ayvalık Islands Nature Park which contains 22 islands and numerous rocks. The only two populated Aegean islands are Cunda and Lale Islands. Cunda Island, which is now a peninsula, is the largest. The following islands of Balıkesir Province are in the Aegean Sea:
Çanakkale Province
Izmir Province
Muğla Province
Black Sea islands
Mediterranean Sea islands
Turkish islands, islets, and rocks in the Mediterranean Sea include the following:
Sea of Marmara islands
The laregest island in the Sea of Marmara is Marmara Island with an area of . The following Turkish islands are in the Sea of Marmara:
Lake islands
One Turkish lake, Lake Van, has islands, including the following islands:
See also
Geography of Turkey
Gulfs of Turkey
List of Aegean Islands
List of islands of Greece
Notes or disputes
See Imia (Greek) or Kardak (Turkish) and Aegean dispute for a discussion of disputed islands between Greece and Turkey.
References
Turkey
Islands
Ankit Rajpara (born 27 August 1994) is India's 36th chess Grandmaster and a chess prodigy from Gujarat. He started playing chess at the age of 8 and achieved great successes at National Junior chess tournaments.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Indian chess players
Chess grandmasters
Alexander Bagratovich Mirzoyan (; ) (born 20 April 1951) is a retired Soviet football player and coach of Armenian descent. Beginning in 1994, he has been the president of the Russian Football Veterans Union.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1979.
Soviet Cup winner: 1975.
International career
Mirzoyan made his debut for USSR on 21 November 1979, in a friendly against West Germany. He played in one 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifier.
References
Official Homepage
Profile at RussiaTeam website
Profile at Dasaev 50 Jubilee Match website
1951 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Baku
Armenian footballers
Soviet footballers
Azerbaijani footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Ararat Yerevan players
FC Spartak Moscow players
Soviet football managers
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod managers
Ethnic Armenian sportspeople
Association football defenders
Neftçi PFK players
Soviet Armenians
The NBC superhero serial drama series Heroes follow the lives of people across the globe who possess various superhuman powers as they struggle to cope with their everyday lives and prevent foreseen disasters from occurring. The second season premiered on September 24, 2007, and was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 26, 2008.
Within the seasons of Heroes are "volumes", which allow the writers to focus on shorter story arcs. The second season comprises a single volume of 11 episodes called Generations.
The second season was designed to contain three volumes called Generations, Exodus, and Villains. Exodus was scrapped due to in part to viewer criticism (some fans thought that the show had to slow of a build-up) but mainly due to the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike; whilst Villains was carried over to the show's third season. As a result, the second season consisted of only 11 episodes, 13 fewer than were originally ordered by NBC. Originally, the second season of Heroes was to be followed in April and May 2008 by six stand-alone episodes of a new series, Heroes: Origins. The spin-off was intended as an alternative to a long mid-season hiatus, which led to a drop in ratings for Heroes in its first season. The project, which was later planned to be 12 episodes, was indefinitely postponed due to a decline in viewership and the strike and eventually cancelled.
Plot
"Generations" begins four months after the events of Kirby Plaza. The main plot arc of Generations deals with the Company and its research on the Shanti virus. This research is explored through the Company's founders, whose identities are revealed, as well as through the effects of various strains of the virus. The heroes ultimately come together in an attempt to stop the release of a deadly strain of the virus and avert a global pandemic.
Cast
Main characters
Milo Ventimiglia as Peter Petrelli
Jack Coleman as Noah Bennet
Masi Oka as Hiro Nakamura
Greg Grunberg as Matt Parkman
Adrian Pasdar as Nathan Petrelli
Hayden Panettiere as Claire Bennet
Noah Gray-Cabey as Micah Sanders
Ali Larter as Niki Sanders
Sendhil Ramamurthy as Mohinder Suresh
David Anders as Adam Monroe/Takezo Kensei
Kristen Bell as Elle Bishop
Dania Ramirez as Maya Herrera
Dana Davis as Monica Dawson
James Kyson Lee as Ando Masahashi
Zachary Quinto as Gabriel Gray/Sylar
Recurring characters
Episodes
Reception
The second season of Heroes was criticized by commentators and fans for a much slower pace, less engaging storyline and lack of focus compared to the first season. Milo Ventimiglia stated that "when there's a little bit of a delay, there's not that instant, rewarding scene or moment or episode... people get impatient, so it has been extremely important for them to strike a balance between giving and getting." In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Heroes creator Tim Kring commented on criticisms of season two, and the series' 15% decline in ratings. Kring said that he felt he had made mistakes with the direction of season two. He had thought that the audience was looking for a "build-up of characters and the discovery of their powers", when viewers were instead looking for "adrenaline." Kring also outlined what he felt were problems with plot development, stating that the second season "took too long to get to the big-picture story", explaining that Peter's vision of the viral armageddon should have occurred in the first episode instead of the seventh. He feels that it would have been better to introduce new characters within the context of the main storyline, as with Elle, rather than in unattached arcs such as that of Maya and Alejandro. Kring also admitted that he should have resolved the "Hiro in Japan" storyline much more quickly, and that the romantic stories are not working well. With regard to Claire and West, and Hiro and Yaeko, he said, "I've seen more convincing romances on TV. In retrospect, I don't think romance is a natural fit for us."
In season two, the opener was consistent in the ratings, however, week-by-week, the ratings continued to dive, reaching another new low for the series on episode seven, "Out of Time", with only 9.87 million viewers. Although the ratings were lower than average, this episode was considered to be a turning point for the declining season, as a major plot twist was introduced and the volume's "big picture storyline" was presented. The season two/volume 2 finales generated 11.06 million viewers in the ratings, down more than 3 million viewers from the season opener and series pilot.
Home media
The DVD and Blu-ray was released on August 26, 2008 in Region 1.
References
02
2007 American television seasons
Harry Stockman (January 13, 1919 – March 23, 1994) was an American racecar driver who raced midget cars. He was born in Yucaipa, California.
Stockman was often based in Arizona and won the CRA Sprint Car race at the South Mountain Speedway, Phoenix, AZ in 1952. Stockman drove for Vic Edelbrock's midget car racing team, driving for the 1951 and 1952 seasons. He was also the CRA champion for the year of 1952. As a side activity, Stockman played hockey with the San Bernardino Shamrocks of the California Hockey League in the 1951–52 season.
He died in 1994 after a period of ill-health. His son Gary is involved in sports cars as well, and is currently the race director at Orange Show Speedway in San Bernardino, CA, where his father frequently raced and tested Edelbrock's cars.
Notes and references
1919 births
1994 deaths
American racing drivers
People from Yucaipa, California
Racing drivers from California
The Utrecht–Kampen railway (also known as Centraalspoorweg) is an important railway line in the Netherlands running from Utrecht to Kampen, passing through Bilthoven, Amersfoort, Nijkerk, Ermelo, Harderwijk, Nunspeet, Wezep and Zwolle. The line was opened between 1863 and 1865 by the Nederlandsche Centraal-Spoorweg-Maatschappij. Its northern part (Zwolle–Kampen) is known as the Kamperlijntje, currently operated by Keolis Nederland.
Stations
The main interchange stations on the Utrecht–Kampen railway are:
Utrecht Centraal railway station to Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Arnhem and Eindhoven
Amersfoort railway station to Apeldoorn, Enschede and Amsterdam
Zwolle railway station to Arnhem, Groningen, Leeuwarden, Emmen and Almelo
Gallery
Railway lines in the Netherlands
Railway lines opened in 1865
1865 establishments in the Netherlands
Railway lines in Utrecht (province)
Railway lines in Gelderland
Railway lines in Overijssel
Standard gauge railways in the Netherlands
Rail transport in Utrecht (city)
Papoose on the Loose is a 1961 American animated short film produced by Walter Lantz.
It was created as part of the Cartune Theatrical Cartoon Series.
Story
Papoose is bent on hunting. His father, the chief, tells him not to. Papoose does not listen, so the chief dresses himself in a bear costume to scare him out of the idea.
External links
Walter Lantz Productions shorts
1960s American animated films
1961 films
1961 animated films
Universal Pictures short films
Universal Pictures animated short films
Films about hunters
1960s English-language films
Wim Feyaerts is a Belgian television director who specializes in the production of comedy.
Feyaerts has directed a number of popular mainstream television comedies in Belgium such as Verschoten & zoon in 1999 and De Kotmadam with Ronnie Commissaris since 1991.
References
Flemish television directors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
USS Lady Mary (SP-212) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.
Lady Mary was built as the civilian yacht Glenda in 1905 by George Lawley & Son at Boston, Massachusetts. She was owned by B. E. Niese of New York City and C. S. Smith of Stamford, Connecticut, and was eventually renamed Lady Mary.
The U.S. Navy chartered Lady Mary on 16 July 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel and took delivery of her on 21 July 1917. She was commissioned at Newport, Rhode Island, as USS Lady Mary (SP-212) on 24 July 1917.
Assigned to the 2nd Naval District, headquartered at Newport, Lady Mary served on dispatch boat duty and patrolled coastal waters in Block Island Sound from Newport to Block Island.
Lady Mary was returned to her former owner on 9 December 1918.
References
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Lady Mary (SP 212)
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Boston
1905 ships
Pawnee County (standard abbreviation: PN) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 6,253. The largest city and county seat is Larned.
The county is named after the Pawnee Tribe.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.05%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Rush County (north)
Barton County (northeast)
Stafford County (east)
Edwards County (south)
Hodgeman County (west)
Ness County (northwest)
National protected area
Fort Larned National Historic Site
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,233 people, 2,739 households, and 1,785 families residing in the county. The population density was 10 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 3,114 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 90.96% White, 5.00% Black or African American, 0.95% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 1.22% from other races, and 1.30% from two or more races. 4.16% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,739 households, out of which 29.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.80% were married couples living together, 7.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.80% were non-families. 32.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.20% under the age of 18, 7.30% from 18 to 24, 25.40% from 25 to 44, 24.60% from 45 to 64, and 18.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 112.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,175, and the median income for a family was $45,634. Males had a median income of $26,751 versus $20,931 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,584. About 5.40% of families and 11.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.00% of those under age 18 and 9.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Pawnee County has been primarily Republican for the majority of its history. However, there have been multiple stretches where it was considered a swing county, backing the national winner in all presidential elections from 1904 to 1936 as well as 1964 to 1988. It has trended away from bellwether status since 1988 however.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, Pawnee County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1992, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Ft. Larned USD 495
Pawnee Heights USD 496
Communities
Cities
Burdett
Garfield
Larned
Rozel
Unincorporated communities
Ash Valley
Frizell
Sanford
Zook
Townships
Pawnee County is divided into twenty-one townships. The city of Larned is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
County
Along the Old Trail; Tucker Vernon Co; 190 pages; 1910. History of Pawnee County (page 113 to 134). Larned and Pawnee County at Present (page 135 to 190).
Atlas and Plat Book of Pawnee County, Kansas; Kenyon Co; 37 pages; 1916.
Plat Book of Pawnee County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 36 pages; 1902.
Trails
The Story of the Marking of the Santa Fe Trail by the Daughters of the American Revolution in Kansas and the State of Kansas; Almira Cordry; Crane Co; 164 pages; 1915. (Download 4MB PDF eBook)
The National Old Trails Road To Southern California, Part 1 (LA to KC)''; Automobile Club Of Southern California; 64 pages; 1916. (Download 6.8MB PDF eBook)
External links
County
Pawnee County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Pawnee County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
B.U.M. Equipment, a clothing brand under the ownership of BUM Equipment LLC, is a street fashion clothing company that was founded in 1986 in a Seattle garage. The brand is known for its beginning as a Los Angeles casual sportswear brand for men, women, and children. The brand had financial troubles in the mid-1990s under the management of the original owner, Chauvin International, Ltd. It went bankrupt in 1996 and was acquired by the creditors of B.U.M. International Inc. and managed by SOS Management in 1997. SOS Management, and its successor B.U.M. Equipment LLC, subsequently relaunched B.U.M. Equipment. The brand's fashion lines include men's, women's, junior's, and children's sportswear apparel, as well as hosiery, footwear, backpacks, handbags, luggage, and eyewear. According to the LA Times, B.U.M. Equipment is "one of the most successful young men's sportswear brands in California fashion history."
History
Origins (1986–1996)
Chauvin International, Ltd., a manufacturing company that was led by Morty Forshpan, acquired B.U.M. in 1986. The clothing line made its market debut in 1987 and featured basic clothing items with the brand's logo displayed across their T-shirts, tanks, and sweatshirts. Within its first year, B.U.M. Equipment grossed $2 million and it brought in about $240 million in annual revenues by 1992. In 1992, the B.U.M. parent company, Chauvin International, partnered with the Canadian casual wear company Chip and Pepper. Chauvin International purchased the assets of the Chip and Pepper Wetwear Inc., and distributed its products in the United States while the twin co-founders, Chip and Pepper Foster, were still in charge of overseeing the design along with the marketing and promotion. In 1994 Chauvin International, Ltd. merged with Cami'z, Inc., the B.U.M. brand's retailer.
In April 1996, B.U.M. International filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy due to what the company said was poor sales. The judge allowed reorganization plan by SOS Management in favor of the B.U.M. International Inc. creditors in 1997. The reorganization, managed by SOS Management and its successor BUM Equipment LLC, resulted in a plan that was in which the B.U.M. International creditors would be paid in full in five years. After the five year payback period, the B.U.M. International Inc. operating unit was dissolved. The trademarks were purchased by BUM Equipment LLC and has continued to operate under that corporate structure.
Relaunch and B.U.M. Equipment LLC, (1997–present)
SOS Management was established in 1996 by Chairman and chief executive officer Stephen Wayne and Vice Chairman Steve Marra. Wayne was the president of Yves Saint Laurent Sportswear (1974–77), president of the menswear division of Calvin Klein (1977–81), and the president of Sasson Industries for five years prior to launching his own licensing firm, Stephen Wayne & Associates, in 1986. Wayne was the exclusive licensing agent for Sasson, Bugle Boy, Andrew Fezza and Bum Equipment and owns and operates the Stephen Wayne & Associates company. Prior to co-founding SOS Management, Steve Marra worked for Macy's for sixteen years, most recently as vice president of merchandising, and later worked as president of B.U.M. Equipment's retail division and executive vice president of sales and merchandising for the company.
B.U.M. Equipment emerged from bankruptcy in 1997 under the management of SOS Management headed by Wayne and Marra. In 2002, SOS Management purchased the B.U.M. Equipment trademark, establishing the new trademark and licensing company called BUM Equipment LLC. By 2005, B.U.M was operating more than 20 licenses around the world and gathering approximately $600 million annually.
Brand development
B.U.M. Equipment's logo and athletic style were created by Seattle native Derek Federman about a year prior to Morty Forshpan becoming the chief executive officer (CEO) of Chauvin International, Ltd. Shortly after becoming the CEO of Chauvin International, Forshpan found the B.U.M. brand and acquired it. Forshpan pushed the brand into the market in 1987. Brand founder Federman left B.U.M. in 1988 as Forshpan moved the brand's design in a more trendy direction, and following its success and popularity in the late 1980s, Forshpan was nominated twice for the California Mart's West Coast Designer of the Year award. Chauvin International and B.U.M. brand designers insist the acronym "B.U.M." does not stand for anything, however, many people believed there was an unsaid meaning like "Basic Urban Merchandise" or "Body Under Maintenance".
Under SOS Management and Bum Equipment LLC, Wayne signed over 35 licenses in 1997 and 1998, which grew the business approximately $2 billion in sales over the next six years. This was accomplished by primarily selling product to Target Stores and many regional retailers like Ames, Caldor, Venture, Meijers, Shopko.
SOS Management began restructuring B.U.M. sportswear in the United States with a license with the Buffalo Group in 2005. The company also signed licensees in Malaysia, Taiwan, England, Korea, Germany, Mexico, Argentina and Brazil. The B.U.M. brand was extended to non-apparel licenses in footwear, socks, sunglasses, and licenses in watches, luggage and eyewear were renewed. B.U.M. Equipment signed licenses with New York-based Channel Creations in 2007 for their men's and women's sportswear. In 2009, the company relaunched their young men's and juniors brands in department stores through a license with Sierra Fashions.
In 2004, Women's Wear Daily listed B.U.M. Equipment as Number 5 on their "Top 10 Young Contemporary Hip List in 2004."
Popular culture
Billy Ray Cyrus wore B.U.M. Equipment workout tanks during his concerts on his 1992 tour and was pictured in the 1991 October issue of Cosmopolitan wearing a tank from the brand.
Jane Fonda wore a B.U.M. Equipment shirt in her 1992 workout video.
Christian Slater can be seen sporting a B.U.M. Equipment shirt in the movie Pump Up The Volume.
Sponsorship
As a sportswear and casual athletic fashion brand, B.U.M. has sponsored various athletes including Laila Ali and Oscar De La Hoya. It was also the official off-the-rink casual wear of the LA Kings hockey team. B.U.M. Equipment also outfitted caddies for PGA Tour events beginning in 1998.
In 2012 B.U.M. Equipment participated with the Dancing with the Stars gifting suite for its 14th Season. Contestants from the show were able to choose items of the B.U.M. Equipment brand to wear during show rehearsals.
References
External links
Official website
Clothing companies of the United States
Manufacturing companies based in Los Angeles
American companies established in 1986
Clothing companies established in 1986
1986 establishments in California
1980s fashion
1990s fashion
Burgh Walls Camp is a multivallate Iron Age hill fort in the North Somerset district of Somerset, England. The hill fort is situated within Leigh Woods approximately north-east from the village of Long Ashton near Bristol, above the banks of the River Avon. The hillfort has some alternative names such as Bower Walls Camp, Burwalls, or Bowre Walls.
Burgh Walls Camp is one of three Iron Age fortifications overlooking the Avon Gorge, the others being Stokeleigh Camp and Clifton Camp on the opposite side of the gorge, on Clifton Down near the Observatory.
See also
List of hillforts and ancient settlements in Somerset
References
History of Somerset
Hill forts in Somerset
Iron Age sites in Somerset
Scheduled monuments in North Somerset
Antonio Salvarezza (Bosco Marengo, 14 May 1902 - Bosco Marengo, 24 July 1985) was an Italian tenor.
Biography
The lyric tenor, noted for his voice "of full timbre with ease and strength in the higher register", studied singing with the maestro Filippo Florio.
Florio made his debut on 6 April 1937 at the Teatro Municipal in Rio de Janeiro, as the Duke of Mantua in Rigoletto. During his career, he performed at many of world's important theaters, notably those in North and South America, 806 performances in total.
His repertoire included thirty or so roles, ranging from classicism to Verismo. Salvarezza achieved high critical and public acclaim for his work with Puccini, especially as Mario Cavaradossi in Tosca .
He worked alongside many great singers such as Maria Callas, Renata Tebaldi, Tito Gobbi, Rolando Panerai, Virginia Zeani, Toti Dal Monte, Mario Basiola, Giuseppe Taddei. In 1952, during the 15th Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, he sang as Eustazio in Armida, by Rossini, with Maria Callas.
In the 1950s he recorded studio arias for the record company Cetra, along with two live recordings of complete operas; the aforementioned Armida and William Tell.
Discography
Singles
Giacomo Puccini, Turandot : "Nessun dorma" - Cetra AT 0131.
Giacomo Puccini, La bohème : "O Mimì tu píu non torni" with Rolando Panerai.
Giuseppe Verdi, Il Trovatore : "Di quella pira" - Cetra 25151.
Giuseppe Verdi, Il Trovatore : Final third act first, with Caterina Mancini and Rolando Panerai.
Jules Massenet, Manon : "Ah, dispar, vision".
Charles Gounod, Faust : "Hail abode" - Zither 25152.
Friedrich von Flotow, Martha : "He appeared to me".
Giuseppe Verdi, Luisa Miller : "When the evenings are quiet" - Cetra CB 20477.
Complete Operas
Gioachino Rossini, Armida. Cast: Maria Callas, Mario Filippeschi, Gianni Raimondi, Antonio Salvarezza, Francesco Albanese, Alessandro Ziliani, Mario Frosini, Marco Stefanoni. Orchestra e coro of the Teatro Comunale of Florence, conductor Tullio Serafin. Live recording, 26 April 1952.
Gioachino Rossini, William Tell. Cast: Antonio Salvarezza, Henk Meyer, Frans De Geus, Leon Colombe, Timo Jacobs, Elsa Van Bueren, Nelli Smit, Anton Eldering, Guus Hoekman, Marisa Mari, Scipio Colombo. Conductor Willem Lohoff. Live recording, 20 April 1953.
Notes
Bibliography
Evaristo Pagani, Biographical Collections of Italian Opera Singers , Published on its own, Albino, 2009.
External links
Italian operatic tenors
1902 births
1985 deaths
20th-century Italian male opera singers
People from Bosco Marengo
Daughters of the Polo God is a 2018 Indian Meitei-English bilingual documentary film directed by Roopa Baruah and edited by Hemanti Sarkar. It is based on the story of girls and horses empowering each other. It is about saving the endangered Meitei horse (Manipuri pony) and empowering women in the sport of polo () simultaneously.
The film is about Meitei women moving forward in the male-dominated sportive society of polo sports. It also shows the development of their special relationship with their Meitei horses (Manipuri ponies). They are always trying at their best levels to be able to participate in the annual polo tournament.
The film starts with Sagol Kangjei (), the ancient form of polo as a wartime peace exercise in Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur). It was a war game. That means the sport was placed during peacetime so warriors could practice their war skills. It ended up with the present day advancements of the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association. It creates a cultural, ecological, historical and social relationship between the sport, the horses, and the ethnic groups of humans who live in that part of the world.
Background
The polo started in the far corner of the North East India (Ancient Manipur). It has been developed there for many centuries. At the same time, Women's empowerment has been very active in the history of Manipur. Roopa Barua, the maker of the "Daughters of the Polo God", took interest in these facts. So, she set her project on it. She said,
"A young polo sisterhood is developing in Manipur that ploughs on in spite of adversity and political turmoil. They are intensely connected to their sacred Manipuri pony and play an international tournament every year. My film is a tribute to these polo players, the modern Manipuri women and the pony campaign."
She spoke to the media that Meitei girls are empowered a lot and have been able to play and do well for themselves. Before the beginning of the journey, the polo girls offered prayers to Marjing, the "Polo God" of Meitei religion (Sanamahism), at his pantheon. And so, the name of the film is also taken from the sense that the polo player girls are the daughters of their beloved father like Polo God of their own ethnic religion. Notably, it took over four years to complete the making of the movie.
Reception
The Equus Festival takes its winning films on a film tour across North American and European countries. The "Daughters of the Polo God" was also one of the winners. So, it was also shown in the different places. These are:
Screenings
The film received official entries in many international film festivals organised across the world. These include:
Accolades
The film received 6 international awards at 5 International Film Festivals held at different countries of the world.
See also
Imphal 1944
Japan Landa Imphal
Manipuri Pony (film)
My Japanese Niece
References
External links
Daughters of the Polo God IMDb
Daughters of the Polo God South Asia Institute
Daughters of the Polo God at NYIFF
Daughters of the Polo God at New York
Cinema of Manipur
2010s English-language films
English-language Indian films
2018 films
Indian multilingual films
Meitei culture
Meitei-language films
2018 multilingual films
Northeast Indian films
Women's empowerment
Women's rights
Håkan Brock (born 15 May 1961) is a Swedish boxer. He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Swedish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Sweden
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lund
Heavyweight boxers
Museum anthropology is a domain of scholarship and professional practice in the discipline of anthropology.
Characteristics
A distinctive characteristic of museum anthropology is that it cross-cuts anthropology's sub-fields (archaeology, cultural anthropology, linguistic anthropology, biological anthropology) as these are understood in North American anthropology. All of these areas are sometimes pursued in museum contexts (usually on the basis of research work with systematic collections) and all can be (and are) explicated in museum-based exhibitions and public programs. Some museum anthropologists work full or part-time in museum contexts while others are anthropologists (employed in diverse settings) interested in studying museums as social institutions in cultural and historical context. These two sets of concerns—collections-based scholarship and the study of museums—provide the core around which the domain of museum anthropology has self-organized.
One theme prominent in recent museum anthropology research concerns reconnecting older collections of ethnographic objects curated in museum contexts with the present-day source communities from which these objects were gathered. Another concern is the development of museums and cultural centers by indigenous peoples in their own home communities.
Other relationships
There is much traffic between museum anthropology and the related, overlapping, and neighboring domains of (general) archaeology, museum folklore, material culture studies, historical anthropology, visual anthropology, the anthropology of art, and the history of anthropology, as well as the art history of non-western societies and the field of museum studies.
Journals
The journals Museum Anthropology, Journal of Museum Ethnography, Gradhiva, and Museum Anthropology Review are closely identified with museum anthropology as a field.
Museum anthropology and ethnography
Drawing upon critiques of ethnographic representation in written genres, museum anthropologists have asked questions about the strategies used to represent histories and cultures in museum exhibitions and related forms of display (such as worlds fairs). Related is historical work in which museum anthropologists seek to better understand the contexts, histories and biographies that shaped both the field and the collections that contemporary curators steward. Such historical concerns in turn intersect with work addressing repatriation claims and broader cultural property issues as these relate to museums.
Use of museum collections as a resource for research aimed at understanding ethnographic and culture historical questions in the lives of particular communities has long been the core motivation for collecting by anthropology museums. Such work has been central throughout the history of the field, but new developments in digital technologies (and the rise of the so-called digital humanities) together with the transformations that have motivated the new research interests just mentioned have generated an intensification of such work. A general revitalization of material culture studies is a further factor conditioning the renewal of collections-based research in the present period. The fruits of this work include new digital archives and databases, as well as published studies focusing on particular groups, object forms, and collections.
United Kingdom and North America
Professional organizations central to the museum anthropology domain include the Council for Museum Anthropology (a section of the American Anthropological Association) in the United States and the Museum Ethnographers Group in the United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom and in North America, most universities that possess both anthropology degree programs and campus-based museums of anthropology will also offer specific training and coursework in museum anthropology. Specialized training for graduate students in collections-based research in museum anthropology (focusing on ethnographic rather than archaeological, biological, or linguistics collections) is provided in the Smithsonian Institution's Summer Institute in Museum Anthropology (SIMA), an initiative funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation.
Important persons
Prominent figures in the history of museum anthropology include:
Augustus Pitt Rivers (1827–1900)
Franz Boas (1858–1942)
Lev Sternberg (1861–1927)
Henry Balfour (1863–1939)
James W. VanStone (1925–2001)
William C. Sturtevant (1926–2007)
Michael Ames (1933–2006)
References
External links
Council for Museum Anthropology Website
Museum Ethnographers Group Website
of Archaeology and Anthropology, Cambridge University
Department of Anthropology, National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution Website
Division of Anthropology, American Museum of Natural History Website
Anthropology Department, Field Museum Website
Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology Website*
Mathers Museum of World Cultures, Indiana University Website*
Museum of Anthropology, University of British Columbia Website
Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology Website
Pitt Rivers Museum Website
Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, University of Cambridge Website
Museo Nacional de Antropología Website
musée du quai Branly Website
Anthropology
Museology
Simoom is a strong, dry, dust-laden local wind in the Sahara, Palestine, Jordan, Syria, and the Arabian Peninsula.
Simoom may also refer to:
"Simoon", a song by Japanese electronic band Yellow Magic Orchestra on their first album
HMS Simoom, six different ships of the Royal Navy
Operation Simoom, a Polish intelligence operation
Simoom Sound, a sound on the Central Coast of British Columbia
Simoom Sound, British Columbia, the post office located on the sound
"Simoom", a song by the Creatures on their album Boomerang
Project Simoom, a Swedish and Saudi Arabian military project
Simoom (album) by composer Lois V Vierk
Simoom Hill, a hill on the western Antarctic Peninsula
Simoom, a one-act play by August Strindberg
Simoom, a Djinni in the video game Golden Sun: Dark Dawn
See also
Simoun (disambiguation)
Anasyrma () composed of ἀνά ana "up, against, back", and σύρμα syrma "skirt"; plural: anasyrmata (), also called anasyrmos (), is the gesture of lifting the skirt or kilt. It is used in connection with certain religious rituals, eroticism, and lewd jokes (see, for example, Baubo). The term is used in describing corresponding works of art.
Anasyrma may be a deliberately provocative self-exposing of one's naked genitals or buttocks. The famous example of the latter case is Aphrodite Kallipygos ("Aphrodite of the beautiful buttocks"). In other contexts, this gesture has an apotropaic character, that is, a means to ward off a supernatural enemy, or it may be a sign of mockery, analogous to mooning.
Greek antiquity
Ritual jesting and intimate exposure were common in the cults of Demeter and Dionysus, and figure in the celebration of the Eleusinian mysteries associated with these divinities. The mythographer Apollodorus says that Iambe's jesting was the reason for the practice of ritual jesting at the Thesmophoria, a festival celebrated in honor of Demeter and Persephone. In other versions of the myth of Demeter, the goddess is received by a woman named Baubo, a crone who makes her laugh by exposing herself, in a ritual gesture called anasyrma ("lifting [of skirts]"). A set of statuettes from Priene, a Greek city on the west coast of Asia Minor, are usually identified as "Baubo" figurines, representing the female body as the face conflated with the lower part of the abdomen. These appeared as counterparts to the phalluses decorated with eyes, mouth, and sometimes legs, that appeared on vase paintings and were made as statuettes.
Terracotta hermaphrodite figurines in the so-called anasyromenos pose, with breasts and a long garment lifted to reveal a phallus, have been found from Sicily to Lesbos, dating back to the late Classical and early Hellenistic period. The anasyromenos pose, however, was not invented in the 4th century BCE, figures of this type drew on a much earlier eastern iconographic tradition employed for female divinities. Ancient literature suggests that the figures represent the androgynous Cypriot deity Aphroditus (possibly a form of Astarte), whose cult was introduced into mainland Greece between the 5th–4th century BCE. The revealed phallus was believed to have apotropaic magical powers, averting the evil eye or invidia and bestowing good luck.
Apotropaic effect of nakedness
Many historical references suggest that anasyrma had dramatic or supernatural effect—positive or negative. Pliny the Elder wrote that a menstruating woman who uncovers her body can scare away hailstorms, whirlwinds and lightning. If she strips naked and walks around a field of wheat, caterpillars, worms and beetles fall off the heads. Even when not menstruating, she can lull a storm out at sea by stripping.
According to folklore, women lifted their skirts to chase off enemies in Ireland and China. A story from The Irish Times (September 23, 1977) reported a potentially violent incident involving several men, which was averted by a woman exposing her genitals to the attackers. According to Balkan folklore, when it rained too much, women would run into the fields and lift their skirts to scare the gods and end the rain. Maimonides also mentions this ritual to ward off the rain while expressing his disapproval. Stripping away clothing was perceived as creating a "raw" state closer to nature than society, facilitating interaction with supernatural entities. In Jean de La Fontaine's Nouveaux Contes (1674), a demon is repulsed by the sight of a woman lifting her skirt. Associated carvings, called sheela na gigs, were common on medieval churches in northern Europe and the British Isles.
In some nations of Africa, a woman stripping naked and displaying herself is still considered a curse and a means to ward off evil. As women give life, they can take it away. In some parts of Nigeria, among other places, women invoked the curse only under the most extreme circumstances, and men who are exposed are considered dead. No one will cook for them, marry them, enter into any kind of contract with them or buy anything from them. The curse extends to foreign men as well, who will go impotent or suffer some great harm.
In Nigeria, during mass protests against the petroleum industry, women displayed themselves in anasyrma. Leymah Gbowee used anasyrma when trying to bring peace during the Second Liberian Civil War.
See also
Nudity and protest
Exhibitionism (Martymachlia)
Indecent exposure
Mooning
Upskirt
Can-can
References
Sources
Weber-Lehmann, C. (1997/2000)) "Anasyrma und Götterhochzeit. Ein orientalisches Motiv im nacharchaischen Etrurien", in: Akten des Kolloquiums zum Thema: Der Orient und Etrurien. Zum Phänomen des 'Orientalisierens' im westlichen Mittelmeerraum. Tübingen.
Dexter, Miriam Robbins, and Victor H. Mair. (2010) Sacred Display: Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia. Cambria Press.
Further reading
* Blackledge, Catherine (2020). Raising the Skirt: The Unsung Power of the Vagina. Hachette UK, ISBN 147461583X
Hairston, Julia L. (Autumn 2000) "Skirting the Issue: Machiavelli's Caterina Sforza", Renaissance Quarterly. Vol. 53, No. 3., pp. 687–712.
Marcovich, M. (September 1986) "Demeter, Baubo, Iacchus, and a Redactor", Vigiliae Christianae. Vol. 40, No. 3. pp. 294–301.
Morris, Ellen F. (2007). "Sacred and Obscene Laughter in 'The Contendings of Horus and Seth', in Egyptian Inversions of Everyday Life, and in the Context of Cultic Competition". In Schneider, Thomas; Szpakowska, Kasia. Egyptian Stories: A British Egyptological Tribute to Alan B. Lloyd on the Occasion of His Retirement. Ugarit-Verlag.
Säflund, Gösta. (1963) Aphrodite Kallipygos, Almqvist & Wiksell, Stockholm, Sweden.
Stoichita, Victor I.; Anna Maria Coderch. (1999) Goya: The Last Carnival, Reaktion Books. pp. 118.
Thomson De Grummond, Nancy. (2006) Etruscan Myth, Sacred History, and Legend, University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology.
Zeitlin, Froma I. (1982) Cultic models of the female: Rites of Dionysos and Demeter, Arethusa. pp. 144–145.
External links
Of Skirts and Figs and Sheela-na-gigs (Naples: Life, Death & Miracles)
Anasyromene figurines (British Museum Collections)
Anasyromene figurines (Museum of Fine Arts, Boston)
Warding Off Danger: Protective Power of the Vulva
Gymnastique Pourquoi les vulves font-elles peur? - Arte
Iconography
Rituals
Nudity
Gestures
20Twenty was an online South African retail bank that specialised in no frills digital banking. It focused on offering low transaction costs with low interest rates on loans whilst offering higher interest rates on savings. By the time of its closure in 2006 it had an estimated client base of 20,000 to 40,000 account holders. The bank was known for its customer service and loyal client base.
It was founded in July 2001 by South African internet entrepreneur Christo Davel. Due to the length of time and complicated bureaucratic process of setting up a bank in South Africa the company entered into a partnership with existing South African bank Saambou to use their banking license. In the agreement Saambou obtained a 65% share in the company. It initially only offered customers a single account that was a combined current account and savings account and issued a single Master-Card that functioned as a credit and debit card. Shortly after the bank's launch its parent bank Saambou collapsed in 2002 resulting in the freezing of 20Twenty accounts.
After 18 months of negotiations 20Twenty was sold to Standard Chartered for US$10 million (R61 million) in August 2003. In November 2005 Standard Chartered put the bank up for sale. Two months later in January 2006 Standard Charted announced that it would be closing 20Twenty after failing to find a buyer.
References
Banks of South Africa
Banks established in 2001
2006 disestablishments in South Africa
Companies based in Cape Town
South African brands
South African companies established in 2001
O'Brian White (born 14 December 1985, in Ocho Rios) is a Jamaican former footballer who played as a forward.
Career
Youth and college
White grew up in Jamaica before moving to Scarborough, Ontario in 2002 to live with his mother. He began playing football while attending Lester B. Pearson Collegiate Institute, where he was named the Most Valuable Player of the squad in 2004 and 2005.
White played college soccer at the University of Connecticut. He won the Hermann Trophy, the highest individual honor in NCAA Division I soccer and the Soccer America Player of the Year Award in 2007.
Professional
After signing a deal with Major League Soccer, he was selected fourth overall by Toronto FC in the 2009 MLS SuperDraft on 15 January 2009.
White made his debut for Toronto FC in an international friendly against the Argentinean side River Plate, at BMO Field on 22 July 2009, and made his MLS debut on 25 July 2009, against the Columbus Crew. He scored his first MLS goal on 15 August 2009, against D.C. United.
White won his first individual award with Toronto FC after being named MLS Goal of the Week in week 26 for his goal in the 3–2 victory against Colorado Rapids on 12 September 2009. On 25 April 2010, White scored his first goal on the 2010 Season in a 2–0 win against the Seattle Sounders FC.
White was taken by the Vancouver Whitecaps FC in the 2010 MLS Expansion Draft, but was traded to Seattle Sounders FC three hours afterwards.
After undergoing blood clot surgery, White was bought out of his contract by Seattle so that he'd no longer be part of the club's roster. However, he would stay with the club while they supported him during his recovery.
International
White has played for Jamaica's under-15, under-17 and under-20 national teams but through FIFA rules he remains eligible to represent either Jamaica or Canada at the senior level. However, in November 2010 White accepted an invitation from the Jamaican Senior Team to play against Costa Rica on the 17th. White did make his debut for Jamaica in the Costa Rica match that ended in a 0–0 draw.
Post-football
In 2014, in an article and interview with the Jamaican Gleaner newspaper, White discussed the uncertainty regarding his potential return to football, citing the necessity of the use of blood-thinning medication which prevented him from playing even recreationally. He announced his intention to run football clinics, and sanguinely accepted the short-lived nature of a professional footballing career with a positive view of the future.
References
External links
University of Connecticut profile
1985 births
Living people
UConn Huskies men's soccer players
Toronto FC players
Seattle Sounders FC players
Jamaican expatriates in Canada
Jamaican footballers
Jamaica youth international footballers
Jamaica international footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Jamaican expatriates in the United States
Toronto FC draft picks
Major League Soccer players
Hermann Trophy men's winners
All-American men's college soccer players
Association football forwards
People from Saint Ann Parish
Nels Andrews is a folk singer based in Santa Cruz, California.
In 2002, Andrews was selected as a winner in the New Folk Competition at the annual Kerrville Folk Festival in Kerrville, Texas. In 2006, Nels was selected as the winner of the Telluride Bluegrass Festival's Troubadour Competition. In August 2006, Nels was selected as a winner of the Mountain Stage New Song Competition. Andrews' debut full-length recording, Sunday Shoes rose to Number 1 on the UK Americana Chart, and finished the year ranked Number 4 on the Euro Americana Chart's Top 20 albums of 2004.
Discography
Studio albums
Sunday Shoes (March 15, 2005, self-released)
Off Track Betting (2008, Reveal Records)
Scrimshaw (2012)
EPs & singles
Some Pig (EP)
Duct Tape & Whiskey (split single with AJ Roach)
References
American folk singers
American singer-songwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Nathan Wade Landwehr (born June 7, 1988) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. A professional mixed martial artist since 2012, he is also a former M-1 Global Featherweight Champion.
Background
Landwehr was born and grew up in Tennessee and attended Rossview High School. He played football from the third grade until the end of high school. He also wrestled and ran track throughout the high school. After high school, Landwehr attended Highland Community College for two academic years, where he ran track with scholarship.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Landwehr racked up a record of 8–2 in stateside circuit before signing with M-1 Global.
M-1 Global
Landwehr made his promotional debut against Mikhail Korobkov at M-1 Challenge 83 - Ragozin vs. Halsey on September 23, 2017. He won the fight via second-round knockout.
He made his sophomore appearance in M-1 against Viktor Kolesnik at M-1 Challenge 85: Ismagulov vs. Matias on November 10, 2017. He won the fight via split decision.
M-1 Global Featherweight Championship
Landwehr was scheduled to challenge Khamzat Dalgiev for the M-1 Global Featherweight Championship at M-1 Challenge 91 - Swain vs. Nuertiebieke on May 12, 2018. However, the event was cancelled for unknown reason. The bout was later rebooked to take place at M-1 Challenge 95 - Battle in the Mountains 7 on July 21, 2018. Landwehr captured the championship via second-round technical knockout.
In his second title defense, Landwehr faced Andrey Lezhnev on December 15, 2018, at M-1 Challenge 100. He won the spectacular fight by a third round TKO.
In his third defense, Landwehr faced Viktor Kolesnik on June 28, 2019, at M-1 Challenge 102. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Nate made his UFC debut against fellow newcomer Herbert Burns at UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. dos Santos on January 25, 2020. He lost the fight by knockout in the first round via a knee from the clinch.
Landwehr faced Darren Elkins on May 16, 2020 at UFC on ESPN: Overeem vs. Harris. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Landwehr was scheduled to face Movsar Evloev on December 5, 2020, at UFC on ESPN: Hermansson vs. Vettori However, hours before the start, it was cancelled after Movsar tested positive for COVID-19.
Landwehr faced Julian Erosa on February 20, 2021, at UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. Lewis. He lost the fight via technical knockout in round one.
Landwehr was scheduled to face Makwan Amirkhani on June 5, 2021, at UFC Fight Night 189. However, Landwehr was pulled from the event due to injury and was replaced by Kamuela Kirk.
Landwehr faced Ľudovít Klein on October 16, 2021, at UFC Fight Night: Ladd vs. Dumont. He won the fight via a submission in round three. This win earned him the Performance of the Night award.
Landwehr was scheduled to face Lerone Murphy on March 26, 2022 at UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. Daukaus. However, Murphy withdrew from the bout for undisclosed reasons and he was replaced by David Onama. In turn, Landwehr had to pull out of the bout and the bout was scrapped.
Landwehr was scheduled to face Zubaira Tukhugov on August 6, 2022 at UFC on ESPN: Santos vs. Hill. However, Tukhugov withdraw due to experiencing difficulties securing a visa issues and was replaced by David Onama at UFC on ESPN: Vera vs. Cruz just a week after. Landwehr won the fight via majority decision. This fight earned him the Fight of the Night award.
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time)
Fight of the Night (One time)
M-1 Global
M-1 Global Featherweight Championship (One time)
Two successful title defenses
Gladiators of the Cage
GOTC Featherweight Championship (One time)
3FC
3FC Featherweight Championship (One time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|16–4
|David Onama
|Decision (majority)
|UFC on ESPN: Vera vs. Cruz
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|San Diego, California, United States
||
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–4
|Ľudovít Klein
|Submission (anaconda choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Ladd vs. Dumont
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|2:22
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center|14–4
| Julian Erosa
| TKO (flying knee)
|UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. Lewis
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:56
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|14–3
| Darren Elkins
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on ESPN: Overeem vs. Harris
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Jacksonville, Florida, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center|13–3
| Herbert Burns
| KO (knee)
| UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. dos Santos
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:43
| Raleigh, North Carolina, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–2
| Viktor Kolesnik
| Decision (unanimous)
| M-1 Challenge 102
|
|align=center|5
|align=center|5:00
| Astana, Kazakhstan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–2
| Andrey Lezhnev
| TKO
|M-1 Challenge 100
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|3:10
|Atyrau, Kazakhstan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–2
| Khamzat Dalgiev
|TKO (punches)
|M-1 Challenge 95
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:35
|Nazran, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–2
| Viktor Kolesnik
| Decision (split)
|M-1 Challenge 85
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 5:00
|Moscow, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|9–2
| Mikhail Korobkov
|KO (punch)
|M-1 Challenge 83
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 1:31
|Kazan, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|8–2
| Solon Staley
| Decision (unanimous)
| A&A Fight Time Promotions: November to Remember
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
| Clarksville, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|7–2
| Diego Saraiva
| TKO (punches)
| A&A Fight Time Promotions: A Night of Explosions
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:47
| Clarksville, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center|6–2
| Mark Cherico
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| GOTC MMA 19
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|1:34
| Cheswick, Pennsylvania, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–1
| Anthony Jones
| TKO (punches)
|State Line Promotions: BMF Invitational 6
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|3:03
| Clarksville, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–1
| Justin Steave
| Decision (unanimous)
| GOTC MMA 15
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Williamsport, Pennsylvania, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–1
| Adam Townsend
| Decision (split)
| 3FC 20
|
| align=center| 5
| align=center| 5:00
| Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–1
| Keith Richardson
| KO (punch)
| XFC 26
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:43
| Nashville, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 2–1
| D'Juan Owens
| Decision (unanimous)
| XFC 22
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Charlotte, North Carolina, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Chris Wright
| TKO (punches)
| XFC 20
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:56
| Knoxville, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Billy Mullins
| KO (punches)
| XFC 18
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:21
| Nashville, Tennessee, United States
|
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
American male mixed martial artists
Featherweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing wrestling
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Mixed martial artists from Tennessee
People from Clarksville, Tennessee
Joseph Srampickal is an Indian Syro-Malabar Catholic Bishop. He was appointed bishop of the Eparchy of Great Britain in 2016. The Eparchy of Great Britain was erected by Pope Francis in 2016 and Joseph Srampickal is its first bishop.
Early life
Joseph Srampickal was born on 30 May 1967 in Poovarany, in the Eparchy of Palai.
Education
He studied philosophy at St. Thomas Apostolic Seminary, Vadavathoor, and theology at the Pontifical Urbaniana University in Rome, where he obtained a licentiate in biblical theology. He continued his studies at Oxford (England).
Priesthood
Ordained a priest on 12 August 2000, he has held the following positions: Professor at the minor seminary and Ephrem Formation Centre of Pala; Director of the Mar Sleeva Nursing College, Cherpumkal; Director of the Evangelization Programme; Secretary of the Bishop; Pastor at Urulikunnam. From 2013, he was Vice Rector of the Pontifical Urbaniana College of the Propaganda Fide, Rome.
Episcopate
He was Appointed Bishop of Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Great Britain on 28 July 2016 by Pope Francis and ordained bishop on 9 October 2015 by George Alencherry.
Gallery
References
1967 births
Living people
Syro-Malabar bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
A Thief in the Night is an evangelical Christian film series about the Rapture and the Tribulation. It consists of four films: A Thief in the Night (1972), A Distant Thunder (1978), Image of the Beast (1981), and The Prodigal Planet (1983). Three additional films were planned but never produced.
The series focuses on the difficulties of those who miss out on the Rapture by having not trusted Jesus as savior and thus find themselves in the Tribulation. Interspersed throughout the four films are many presentations of the Christian gospel.
Plot
Patty Myers is a young woman who considers herself a Christian because she occasionally reads her Bible and goes to church regularly, although her pastor is really an unbeliever. She refuses to believe the warnings of her friends and family that she will go through the Great Tribulation if she does not accept Jesus as her savior. One morning, she awakens to find that her husband and millions of others have suddenly disappeared. Gradually, Patty realizes that the Rapture has happened. The United Nations establishes an emergency government system called the United Nations Imperium of Total Emergency (UNITE), and those who do not receive the Mark of the beast identifying them with UNITE are arrested. Patty is conflicted and refuses to trust Jesus as her savior but also refuses to take the Mark. She desperately tries to avoid the law and the Mark but is captured by UNITE. She escapes but is cornered by UNITE on top of a dam and falls to her death.
Patty then awakens in bed and realizes that all she had experienced was only a dream. Her relief is short-lived when the radio announces that millions of people have disappeared. Horrified, Patty frantically searches for her husband only to find him missing too. Traumatized and distraught, Patty realizes that the Rapture has indeed occurred and that she has been left behind.
In A Distant Thunder, the story of Patty is told in a flashback, which itself includes flashbacks. It begins with Patty awaiting her execution and, after Christians also awaiting execution ask her how she got there, she begins to tell the story and a flashback commences. The flashback begins where the previous film left off, with Patty awakening from her dream to realize that the Rapture has actually occurred. The film ends dramatically with Patty witnessing her friend Wenda being executed and arguing with Wenda's younger sister Sandy (who, along with Jerry and Diane, urges Patty to take the Mark) who betrayed them—and being prepped for her own execution.
The third film begins with Patty being forced by UNITE soldiers to decide to take the Mark or to be publicly executed by guillotine. The soldiers strap her, speechless and in shock, down to the guillotine, lying face-up. A sudden storm and earthquake and occur, and the soldiers and others nearby run for safety, leaving Patty strapped to the guillotine. She cries, "I want the Mark!", yet no one is nearby to hear her or unstrap her. Alone, Patty attempts to unstrap herself, but the guillotine blade falls on its own, and she dies.
The film then turns to a new story—that of David, Leslie, and Kathy. Leslie was with Patty at the guillotine, waiting her turn, when she escaped due to an earthquake. She runs, goes down into an underground room and meets David there, who she then falls in love with. David's plan seems to be to develop a counterfeit Mark so that a person can buy and sell without using the actual Beast's Mark and to destroy the master computer of the Beast by injecting into it a destructive code, which in fact is the song, Onward, Christian Soldiers. The story is presented with action scenes and interspersed long conversations.
The fourth film involves life after a nuclear war, where mutants roam the Earth.
A fifth installment, The Battle of Armageddon, was planned but never finished.
Filming
Filming for A Thief in the Night and A Distant Thunder was largely done in and around Des Moines, Iowa and surrounding areas. The rapture scene in A Thief in the Night (the missing letters from the marquee) were filmed at the First Church of the Open Bible, which is located at the corner of Hickman Road and Beaver Ave in Des Moines. The climatic ending scene was filmed at the Red Rock Dam, which is located southeast of Des Moines. The UNITE center, along with the guillotine scenes, shown in A Distant Thunder, were filmed at the Providence Reformed Church and the Redeemer Lutheran Church, both located at the corner of University Ave. and 37th St. in Des Moines.
Legacy
A Thief in the Night has been seen by an estimated 300 million people worldwide. It was a pioneer in the genre of Christian film, bringing rock music and elements of horror film to a genre then dominated by family-friendly evangelism. A quarter century later, the authors of the broadly successful Left Behind series of books and films acknowledged their debt to Thief. Indeed, even the title Left Behind echoes the refrain of Norman's theme song for A Thief in the Night, "I Wish We'd All Been Ready," in which he sings, "There's no time to change your mind, the son has come and you've been left behind."
Two Christian metal bands used the news reports of the Rapture event as an intro to their songs. Barren Cross, The second track on the album, "State of Control," "Out of Time" features the Rapture newscast being played before the song begins. The first track on the Trytan album Sylentiger, "Take Cover" begins with a young man listening to a couple of news reports, one of which is from the movie, before receiving a phone call confirming the Rapture.
References
Christian apocalyptic films
Films about Evangelicalism
Films based on the New Testament
Films produced by Russell S. Doughten
Films directed by Donald W. Thompson
American post-apocalyptic films
"Surfer King" is Fujifabric's 8th single. The single's title track features Masahiko Kitahara, Nargo, and Gamou from Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra, and marks Fujifabric's first collaboration.
Track listing
Surfer King
Day Dripper
Chart positions
2007 singles
2007 songs
Capitol Records singles
Brynjulf Ottar (1918–1988) was a Norwegian atmospheric chemist who served as the first director of the Norwegian Institute for Air Research. In the 1970s, his pioneering work on the long-range transport of air pollution helped to alert the world to the problem of acid rain; later, he was one of the first scientists to describe the mechanism of global distillation (the "grasshopper effect"), by which pollutants travel from mid-latitude parts of Earth to the Arctic.
Early life and career
Ottar studied chemistry at the University of Oslo (UiO) under Odd Hassel during World War II. While there, he helped to found XU, the underground resistance organization opposing the German occupation of Norway, which drew many of its members from UiO's community of science students. After the war ended, Ottar completed a doctorate in chemistry and, in 1951, began working for the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment (FFI), where he became Superintendent of the Division of Chemistry. Later, he joined the Norwegian Institute for Air Research (NILU) and became its first director in 1969.
Scientific research
At NILU, Ottar focused on what became known as transboundary (long-range) air pollution and the mechanisms by which it carried harmful chemicals thousands of kilometers – across entire countries and continents.
During the mid-20th century, disasters such as the Great London Smog of 1952 had highlighted the problem of air pollution, but it was still considered to be essentially a local issue: few realized that pollution could travel, and do damage, over long distances, or that one country's pollution could harm another. Ironically, short-term solutions to local pollution problems often caused wider, long-term issues: the UK's Clean Air Act 1956 "solved" London's smogs through measures such as tall chimneys, which dissipated pollution over a wider area and longer range.
Norwegian scientists had observed the gradual acidification of the country's fresh waters through much of the 20th century, but it was only with the publication of pioneering work on acid rain by Svante Odén, in the late 1960s, that the causes became apparent. Ottar observed that thousands of lakes in Norway had become acidified and biologically impoverished due to industrial and power plant pollution from countries such as Britain, France, Germany, and Luxembourg.
In 1970, he was appointed director of the OECD-sponsored Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution Project and championed cooperative international efforts to monitor the problem of acid rain, despite resistance from the countries concerned and the stark political divisions of the Cold War era. Ottar noted that "Norway, Sweden, and Finland are geographically in a particularly exposed situation, and receive considerably larger [pollution] contributions from other countries than from their own sources". In 1974, for example, Norway was estimated to have received 30,000 tonnes of sulphur pollution from within its own borders but 60,000 tonnes from the UK and Ireland; by contrast, the UK and Ireland received zero sulphur pollution from Norway. The project eventually concluded that "Sulphur compounds do travel long distances in the atmosphere and the air quality in any European country is measurably affected by emissions from other European countries".
In 1977, following the conclusion of the project, Ottar wrote a paper titled "International Agreement Needed to Reduce Long-Range Transport of Air Pollutants in Europe"; two years later, 51 countries signed the UN Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution (LRTAP). Ultimately, however, Ottar's efforts were thwarted by resistance from countries such as Britain that were causing much of the pollution. As Dr Rachel Emma Rothschild notes, in a detailed account of his work: "Ottar was given the opportunity to organize a study of unprecedented scale on acid rain, but had little recourse to set the agenda, police the countries withholding financial contributions, or rectify their poor participation... As a result, knowledge about the transport of air pollution was substantially increased—though, as Ottar lamented, in the end the research was not enough to prompt international action on the environmental threat of acid rain."
In the early 1980s, Ottar became one of the first scientists to describe the mechanism by which harmful chemicals produced at mid-latitudes can be transported, via the atmosphere, to the Arctic – a phenomenon called global distillation.
Selected publications
Books and reports
Articles and scientific papers
References
1918 births
1988 deaths
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian physical chemists
Norwegian resistance members
XU
Robby Ginepri was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to fellow American and eventual champion Mardy Fish. Fish won his second title of 2010 and in July by defeating compatriot John Isner 4–6, 6–4, 7–6(7–4).
Seeds
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Qualifying Singles draw
Singles
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1629.
Events
January – Pedro Calderón de la Barca and his friends break into a convent in an attempt to seize Pedro de Villegas, who had stabbed Calderón's brother.
April 6 – Tommaso Campanella is released from custody in Rome, and gains the confidence of Pope Urban VIII.
July – Richard James lends Oliver St John a manuscript tract on the bridling of parliaments which was written in 1612 by Sir Robert Dudley, titular Duke of Northumberland. St John circulates it among parliamentary supporters, and James is arrested as a result.
September – Pierre Corneille brings his first play, Mélite to a group of travelling actors.
November 22 – The King's Men perform Othello at the Blackfriars Theatre.
unknown dates
The first known performance is given at the Corral de comedias de Almagro in Spain (rediscovered in the 1950s) by Juan Martinez's theatrical company Autor.
Inigo Jones redesigns the Cockpit-in-Court in London as a venue for staging court masques.
In Japan, women's kabuki dance-drama is prohibited, and young men take over female roles. The prohibition would last until 1877.
New books
Prose
Balthazar Baro – Célinde, poème héroïque (prose work containing a poem at its core)
Philipp Clüver (posthumous) – Introductio in Universam Geographiam (Introduction to Universal Geography)
John Amos Comenius – Janua linguarum reserata
Arthur Dee – Fasciculus Chemicus
Robert Fludd – Medicina Catholica (Volume 1)
Paul Laymann (attributed) – Processus juridicus contra sagas et vene fico
Richard Sibbes – The Saint's Cordial
Drama
Richard Brome
The Northern Lass
A Lovesick Maid (lost)
Lodowick Carlell – The Deserving Favourite (published)
William D'Avenant
The Just Italian (performed)
The Tragedy of Albovine (published)
Alexandre Hardy – Coriolan (published)
Ben Jonson – The New Inn
Philip Massinger
The Picture (performed)
The Roman Actor (published)
James Shirley – The Grateful Servant
Poetry
John Beaumont – Bosworth Field; with a taste of the variety of other Poems left by Sir John Beaumont
John Taylor – Wit and Mirth
Births
January 2 – Christian Scriver, German devotional writer (died 1693)
April 14 – Christiaan Huygens, Dutch polymath (died 1695)
August 18 – Agneta Horn, Swedish memoirist (died 1672)
August 20 – Matthew Wren, English writer, cleric and politician (died 1672)
September 10 – John Heydon, English Rosicrucian and writer on the occult (died c. 1677)
Unknown dates
Henry Muddiman, English journalist and publisher (died 1692)
Roderick O Flaherty, Irish historian (died c. 1717)
Probable year of birth – Hester Biddle (Esther Biddle), English Quaker writer (died 1697)
Deaths
July 13 – Caspar Bartholin the Elder, Danish polymath (born 1585)
July 27 – Thomas Goffe, English dramatist (born 1591)
August – Thomas James, English librarian (born c. 1573)
August 18 – Vendela Skytte, Swedish poet (born 1608)
November – Robert Hayman, English-born Newfoundland poet (born 1574)
Unknown date – John Speed, English historian and cartographer (born 1542)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Qorouneh (, also Romanized as Qarūneh) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 234, in 51 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1931 Washington Senators won 92 games, lost 62, and finished in third place in the American League. They were managed by Walter Johnson and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
January 13, 1931: Harry Rice was selected off waivers by the Senators from the New York Yankees.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
July 29, 1931: Harry Rice was purchased from the Senators by the Baltimore Orioles.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
Hagerstown club transferred and renamed twice: to Parkersburg, June 28, and to Youngstown, July 12, 1931
Notes
External links
1931 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1931 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Wash
The Lord Lieutenant of the County of Avon from the creation of the county on 1 April 1974 to its abolition in 1996 was Colonel Sir John Vernon Wills, 4th Baronet, TD, FRICS, JP. He subsequently became Lord Lieutenant of Somerset.
References
Avon (county)
Avon
1974 establishments in England
1996 disestablishments in England
Alexander Georg Nicolas Schallenberg (born 20 June 1969) is an Austrian diplomat, jurist and politician who has served as the Foreign Minister of Austria since 6 December 2021. A member of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP), he previously served as foreign minister from June 2019 to October 2021 in the second government of Sebastian Kurz, before serving as chancellor of Austria from 11 October to 6 December 2021.
A member of the Schallenberg family and a graduate of the College of Europe, Schallenberg was a career diplomat who became a mentor to Kurz when the latter became foreign minister. Kurz appointed him director of strategic foreign policy planning and head of the European department. Schallenberg joined the cabinet as foreign minister in 2019. After Kurz announced his pending resignation on 9 October 2021, Schallenberg was proposed by the ÖVP to replace him as chancellor of Austria. He was sworn in on 11 October 2021. Schallenberg announced his pending resignation on 2 December 2021, after less than two months in office; his resignation took effect on December 6, and he returned to the position of foreign minister.
Background and family
A member of the comital branch of the Austro-Hungarian Schallenberg family, Schallenberg was born in 1969 in Bern, Switzerland, where his father Wolfgang was a Austrian ambassador to Switzerland. His mother is a native of Switzerland, and the daughter of Swiss banker and president of UBS Alfred Schaefer. Schallenberg was raised in India, Spain and France where his father served as ambassador; his father eventually became Secretary-General of the Foreign Ministry. Schallenberg speaks German, French, English and Spanish fluently, and has basic knowledge of Russian. The Genealogisches Handbuch des Adels lists his given names as Alexander Georg Nicolas Christoph Wolfgang Tassilo, though Schallenberg has disputed this and listed Alexander Georg Nicolas as his given names.
His paternal grandfather, Herbert, Count of Schallenberg (1901–1974), was Austrian consul general in Prague, while his paternal grandmother was the daughter of politician Walter Koch, the Saxon and later German ambassador in Prague. He is a 2nd great-grandson of Austro-Hungarian general Karl Kostersitz von Marenhorst. Schallenberg has mainly Swiss ancestry on his mother's side and Austrian, Bohemian, Moravian, Hungarian and Saxon ancestry on his father's side. Alexander Schallenberg's traditional title is Count, the hereditary title his family was conferred in 1666 within the Habsburg Hereditary Lands. He is the first chancellor since Kurt Schuschnigg and Prince Starhemberg to belong to a noble family.
Marriage and children
Schallenberg married French–Belgian European civil servant and fellow graduate of the College of Europe Marie-Isabelle Hénin (born 1969 in Uccle) in Saint-Pierre, France in 1995. She is the daughter of Erik Hénin and noted equestrian and 1960s Parisian socialite Isabelle Le Maresquier, and a granddaughter of the prominent French architect Noël Le Maresquier and Spanish noblewoman Conchita López de Tejada; Isabelle Le Maresquier was a niece of French prime minister Michel Debré. Her family was discussed as an example of French "state nobility" by Pierre Bourdieu.
Alexander and Marie-Isabelle Schallenberg have four children, they later divorced.
Education and early career
From 1989 to 1994, he studied law at the University of Vienna and the University of Paris II Panthéon-Assas. From 1995 to 1996 he earned an LL.M. in European law at the College of Europe in Bruges, Belgium, an institution that aims "to train an elite of young executives for Europe" and whose graduates are said to form a close-knit "Bruges Mafia." Schallenberg was a graduate of the "Walter Hallstein promotion."
In 1997, Schallenberg joined the Austrian diplomatic service. From 2000 to 2005, he worked at the permanent representation of Austria to the European Union in Brussels, where he headed the legal department. In 2006, he became a press spokesman to Foreign Minister Ursula Plassnik, a fellow College of Europe graduate. When Sebastian Kurz became foreign minister, Schallenberg was appointed as director of strategic foreign policy planning in 2013. Originally he was scheduled to become ambassador to India in 2014, but he chose to remain at the foreign ministry to work with the new foreign minister. Schallenberg was widely seen as a mentor to the inexperienced Kurz who knew little of foreign policy, who in turn promoted him to senior posts. In 2016 Schallenberg became head of the European department of the foreign ministry.
Political career
On 3 June 2019, Schallenberg succeeded Karin Kneissl as foreign minister of Austria. He maintained his position as part of the second Kurz cabinet, which was sworn in on 7 January 2020. He stepped down when he became chancellor, but returned to the position following his resignation.
After attending an EU summit at the Europa building in Luxembourg on 12 and 13 October 2020 with Sophie Wilmès, Schallenberg tested positive for COVID-19.
Chancellor
After Kurz announced his pending resignation on 9 October 2021 as a result of the Kurz corruption probe, Schallenberg was proposed by the ÖVP to replace him as chancellor of Austria.
Schallenberg was sworn in as chancellor on 11 October 2021 by President Alexander Van der Bellen. In his first official act, he nominated career diplomat and ambassador to France Michael Linhart to succeed him as foreign minister.
In November 2021, Schallenberg announced that COVID-19 vaccines would be mandatory in Austria from February 2022. It became the first European country to mandate the vaccine.
Schallenberg announced his resignation on 2 December 2021 following Kurz's announcement that he was leaving politics just a few hours prior. As his reason for stepping down, he cited his belief that the chancellor and party leader should be the same person.
Honours
Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Principality of Liechtenstein (2019)
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (2020)
Other activities
Since 2020, Schallenberg has been a trustee of the National Fund of the Republic of Austria for Victims of National Socialism.
Explanatory notes
References
External links
Curriculum Vitae on the ministry's website
1969 births
21st-century Austrian politicians
21st-century Chancellors of Austria
College of Europe alumni
Counts of Austria
Foreign ministers of Austria
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Living people
Paris 2 Panthéon-Assas University alumni
People from Bern
Schallenberg family
University of Vienna alumni
The Rawalpindi Parade 1905 was a parade by the British Indian Army held in Rawalpindi, India on 8 December 1905 to honour the Prince and Princess of Wales. The troops were under the Command of Horatio Herbert, Viscount Kitchener of Khartoum, G.C.B., O.M., G.C.M.G., Commander-in-Chief India. The Royal party arrived at the parade ground escorted by a Field Officer's escort of 1st Skinner's Horse. They then received a Royal salute and inspected the troops, accompanied by the Commander-in-chief. On conclusion of the inspection, the troops on parade marched past in the following order.
Order of the march past
Viscount Kitchener of Khartoum, Commander-in-Chief India
Major General Douglas Haig, Inspector-General of Cavalry in India
1st (Peshawar) Infantry Brigade - Major General C. H. Des Voeux
Royal Horse Artillery
F Battery
I Battery
J Battery
T Battery
1st Cavalry Brigade - Brigadier General Robert Bellew Adams V.C.
22nd Sam Browne's Cavalry
23rd Cavalry
Queens Own Corp of Guides Cavalry
2nd Cavalry Brigade - Colonel F.S. Garratt
12th Royal Lancers
8th Cavalry
9th Hodson's Horse
3rd Cavalry Brigade - Colonel A. Phayre
9th Queen's Royal Lancers
7th Hariana Lancers
11th Prince of Wales Own Lancers
4th Cavalry Brigade - Brigadier General B.T. Mahon
3rd The King's Own Hussars
13th Duke of Connaught's Lancers
15th Lancers (Cureton's Multanis)
Divisional Cavalry Regiments
19th Lancers (Fane's Horse)
1st Duke of York's Own Lancers
25th Cavalry
12th Cavalry
Mounted Infantry
No. 1 Company
No. 2 Company
Royal Artillery Brigadier-General J.A. Coxhead
Royal Field Artillery
1st Brigade
13th Battery
67th Battery
69th Battery
39th Brigade
46th Battery
51st Battery
54th Battery
45th Brigade
11th Battery
52nd Battery
80th Battery
Royal Garrison Artillery
Mountain Division
5th Mountain Battery
6th Mountain Battery
8th Mountain Battery
21st Mountain Battery
22nd Mountain Battery
24th Mountain Battery
26th Mountain Battery
27th Mountain Battery
28th Mountain Battery
Royal Garrison Artillery
71st Company (Heavies)
104th Company (Heavies)
Sappers and Miners Colonel A.E. Sandbach
1 Company, 1st Sappers and Miners
2 Company, 1st Sappers and Miners
4 Company, 1st Sappers and Miners
5 Company, 1st Sappers and Miners
9 Company, 1st Sappers and Miners
Telegraph Section, 1st S & M
2nd S & P
3rd S & M
Telephone Section 1st S & P
1st (Peshawar) Division Lieutent General Sir, E. Barrow
1st Seaforth Highlanders
2nd Gordon Highlanders
36th Sikhs
38th Dogras
2nd (Nowshera) Infantry Brigade - Brigadier General Sir James Willcocks
1st The Cameronians (Scottish Rifles)
25th Punjabis
45th Rattray Sikhs
54th Sikhs
3rd (Frontier) Infantry Brigade - Colonel Fenton Aylmer, V.C.
52nd Sikhs
53rd Sikhs
59th Scinde Rifles
Queens Own Corps of Guides
Divisional Battalion
4th Prince Albert Victor's Rajputs
2nd (Rawalpindi) Division Major General. J.H. Wodehouse
5th (Jhelum) Infantry Brigade - Colonel. Henry Buckley Burton Watkis
25th Punjabis
30th Punjabis
56th Infantry
58th Vaughan's Rifles
6th (Abbottabad) Infantry Brigade - Major General John Blaxell Woon
1st 5th Gurkha Rifles
2nd 5th Gurkha Rifles
1st 6th Gurkha Rifles
2nd 6th Gurkha Rifles
4th (Rawalpindi) Infantry Brigade - Colonel. C.W. Park
1st The Queen's (Royal West Surrey Regiment)
1st Royal Irish Regiment
1st Royal Munster Fusiliers
2nd Royal Irish Fusiliers
Divisional Battalion
23rd Pioneers
3rd (Lahore) Division Major General Walter Kitchener
7th (Mian Mir) Infantry Brigade - Colonel W. Du Gray
1st Northamptonshire Regiment
20th Duke of Cambridge's Own Infantry (Brownlow's Punjabis)
21st Punjabis
40th Pathans
8th (Ferozepore) Infantry Brigade - Brigadier General H.A. Abbott
1st Dorsetshire Regiment
14th Ferozepore Sikhs
15th Ludhiana Sikhs
19th Punjabis
9th (Baklok) Infantry Brigade - Brigadier General J.A Pollock
1st 1st Gurkha Rifles (The Maluan Regt)
2nd 1st Gurkha Rifles (The Maluan Regt)
1st 4th Gurkha Rifles
2nd 4th Gurkha Rifles
Divisional Battalion
34th Sikh Pioneers
4th (Quetta) Division Major General Sir O'Moore Creagh. V.C.
11th (Derajat) Infantry Brigade - Colonel C.A. Anderson
22nd Punjabis
29th Punjabis
55th Coke's Rifles
78th Moplah Rifles
12 (Garwhal) Infantry Brigade - Major General A.C.F. Browne
2nd King's Royal Rifles
1st Royal Irish Rifles
1st 2nd Prince of Wales Own Gurkha Rifles
2nd 2nd Prince of Wales Own Gurkha Rifles
10th (Sirkind) Infantry Brigade - Major General R.A.P. Clements
1st Royal Sussex Regiment
1st Gloucestershire Regiment
2nd North Staffordshire Regiment
1st Wiltshire Regiment
Divisional Battalion
32nd Sikh Pioneers
References
Military of British India
History of Rawalpindi
December 1905 events
The Minas Gerais tyrannulet (Phylloscartes roquettei) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Minas Gerais tyrannulet
Birds of the Cerrado
Endemic birds of Brazil
Minas Gerais tyrannulet
Minas Gerais tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hacılar is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Kevin Kelton is an American television writer and producer whose credits include Saturday Night Live, Night Court, Boy Meets World and other network series. He has also written articles and essays for National Lampoon. Kelton is the younger brother of the comedian Bobby Kelton, who appeared regularly on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson during the 1970s and 1980s. Kevin now teaches TV and Film writing for the UCLA Extension Writers' Program.
Television
Kelton's first TV writing job was on the syndicated game show Face the Music. He segued to sketch comedy, joining the writing staff of the ABC late-night sketch show Fridays!. He went on to write for a string of sketch comedy series before being hired by Saturday Night Live as a staff writer at the beginning of the 1983–84 season. During this time, the writing staff earned an Emmy nomination.
Credits
Face the Music – syndicated (staff writer – 1980)
Fridays! – ABC (staff writer – 1980)
Nashville Palace – NBC (staff writer – 1981)
Laugh Trax – syndicated (staff writer – 1981–1982)
Steve Martin's Twilight Theatre – NBC (staff writer – 1982)
No Soap, Radio – ABC (staff writer – 1982)
The Jeffersons – CBS (story credit) (1983)
Saturday Night Live – (staff writer – 1983–1985)
Comedy Break with Mack and Jamie – syndicated (staff writer – 1985–1986)
The Jay Leno Special – NBC (staff writer – 1986)
Women in Prison – FOX (staff writer – 1987–1988)
The Van Dyke Show – CBS (Story Editor – 1988)
Knight & Daye – NBC (Executive Story Editor – 1989)
A Different World – NBC (Executive Story Editor – 1989–1990)
Night Court – NBC (Producer – 1990–1992)
Shaky Ground – FOX (Producer – 1992–1993)
Townsend Television – FOX (writer – 1994)
As Seen on TV (pilot) – F/X (Co-Executive Producer – 1994)
Boy Meets World – ABC (Producer – 1994–1996)
Something So Right – NBC (Supervising Producer – 1996–1997)
The Tom Show – WB (Co-Executive Producer – 1997–1998)
The Wrong Coast – AMC (Consulting Producer – 2002–1903)
National Lampoon (Contributing Writer – 2003–2004)
Girlfriend Guy web series (Consulting Producer – 2016–2018)
BIFL web series (Writing Consultant – 2019)
References
External links
1956 births
People from Rockville Centre, New York
People from Long Island
Living people
American television writers
American male television writers
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Mercy High School is a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls high school in Middletown, Connecticut located within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Norwich.
History
In 2018 a petition was made to allow same-sex couples to attend the school dance. Despite coverage on the topic from the Middletown Press and the Hartford Courant, as well as support from the students and their creation of a change.org petition, the issue ultimately went unresolved by the school. The petition received over 1,800 signatures in 2 days, but was taken down by the student due to the administration "strongly advising me to give it up," per a note by the petitioner.
References
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Norwich
Catholic secondary schools in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Middletown, Connecticut
Schools in Middlesex County, Connecticut
Girls' schools in Connecticut
Middletown, Connecticut
E-Plus was a mobile telecommunications operator in Germany. With more than 25 million subscribers, E-Plus was the third largest mobile operator in Germany, until the takeover from Telefónica Germany in October, 2014.
Ownership
E-Plus was owned by Dutch telecommunications operator KPN since 2002. In July 2013, Telefónica Germany announced a planned takeover. The deal was approved by KPN shareholders in October 2013. The merger was delayed because of concerns by the European Commission on reduced competition in the German mobile market. In July 2014, the European Commission approved the merger, conditional on E-Plus giving up some frequencies and network capacity.
Network
First GSM license
The company was awarded Germany's first DCS-1800 (later renamed GSM-1800, also known as E-Netz (de; lit. E-Network) in Germany) license in 1993. One term of the licence was that no further Mobile network operator could be started within 3 years of the start of the network.
The network started operation as a "metropolitan" network, with coverage only in the biggest cities, in 1994. The coverage area was expanded rapidly, but for years the network's image was hampered by the view that its coverage was lacking. As a countermeasure, voicemail retrieval was free of charge for the first of years of operation, and calls were billed in six-second increments (in contrast to the one-minute increments of the other networks); after text messaging was introduced, it too was free for some time.
E-Plus was the second network in Germany to offer prepaid tariffs to its customers (after T-Mobile's XtraCard) and later introduced HSCSD, which boosts data rates on GSM networks to analogue modem speed levels. Shortly after that, E-Plus upgraded its network to support GPRS. They now also operate a 3G UMTS network.
Developments since 2006
In February 2006, after the EGSM900-band, which was in military use before, had become available in late 2005, the German regulation authority Bundesnetzagentur assigned two 2 x 5 MHz channels to E-Plus and O2 Germany. In return, E-Plus and O2 Germany had to give up some GSM1800 frequencies to two competitive operators T-Mobile and Vodafone. The first EGSM900-base stations (cell sites) started operation in April 2006. In March 2007 E-Plus outsourced deployment, management and maintenance of its network to Alcatel-Lucent and thereby transferred 750 employees to the latter company.
E-Plus provides network access to numerous virtual operators, such as Base, Blau Mobilfunk, ALDI Talk, Simyo, VIVA, JambaSIM. It also owns and operates AY YILDIZ, a mobile brand aimed at the Turks in Germany, offering affordable calls to Turkey and roaming in Turkish networks.
E-Plus was the first company to introduce i-mode in Germany.
At the end of February 2014, E-Plus and ZTE announced that ZTE would take over Managed Services of E-Plus.
On March 5. 2014, E-Plus started commercial LTE service in Berlin, Leipzig and Nuremberg by using 10 MHz out possible of 20 MHz bandwidth of the 1800 MHz frequency.
On March 12. 2014, E-Plus announced the launch of HD Voice.
On July 1. 2016, LTE was shutdown from the new owner Telefónica Germany.
References
External links
E-Plus
BASE
Yourfone.de
blau.de
ALDI Talk
AY YILDIZ
KPN
Mobile phone companies of Germany
Companies based in Düsseldorf
German brands
Vác (; ; ; ) is a town in Pest county in Hungary with approximately 35,000 inhabitants. The archaic spelling of the name is Vácz.
Location
Vác is located north of Budapest on the eastern bank of the Danube river, below the bend where the river changes course and flows south. The town is seated at the foot of the Naszály Mountain in the foothills of the Carpathians.
Modern Vác
Vác is a commercial center as well as a popular summer resort for citizens of Budapest. The Vác Cathedral, built 1761–1777, was modelled after St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. The episcopal palace houses a museum for Roman and medieval artifacts. The city is also known for its 18th-century arch of triumph and for its beautiful baroque city center.
History
Settlement in Vác dating as far back as the Roman Empire has been found. The origin of its name is debated. One hypothesis says that the name comes from a Hungarian tribal name "Vath". Another theory says the name comes from Czecho-Slovak personal name Vac (Vác), which is the diminutive form of Václav.
It has been the seat of a Roman Catholic bishopric since the 11th century. Bishops from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vác were influential within the Kingdom of Hungary, with many serving as chancellors or later becoming archbishops.
On 17 March 1241, due to the attack of Mongols the population was slaughtered and Mongols set up camp there. After the departure of the Mongols, Vác was rebuilt and German colonists were invited to the town.
The town was conquered by the Ottoman Empire in 1541. During the Habsburg monarchy's wars against the Ottomans, the Austrians won victories against the Turks at Vác in 1597 and in 1684. After the Great Turkish War, Vác was rebuilt and repopulated. This re-population was both spontaneous and planned. According to the Truce of Zsitvatörök, Habsburg control of the fortress at Vác (also known as Vacz) was maintained, and its repair was sanctioned.
During the Hungarian Revolution and War of Independence of 1848-49, the Honvédség routed the Austrian forces stationed in the city after a major battle (April 10, 1849); the Second Battle of Vác ended in Russian victory (July 17).
During World War II, Vác was captured on 8 December 1944 by Soviet troops of the 2nd Ukrainian Front in the course of the Budapest Offensive.
Demographics
Ethnicity
Hungarians : 94.9%
Romani people : 1.3%
Germans : 0.5%
Romanians : 0.1%
Slovaks : 0.5%
Ukrainians : 0.1%
Other/Undeclared: 4.5%
Religious denomination
Roman Catholic: 59.4%
Greek Catholic: 0.7%
Calvinist: 9.3%
Lutheran: 3.1%
Other denomination: 1.4%
Non-religious: 14.4%
Undeclared: 11.5%
According to the 1910 census,
the religious make-up of the
town was the following:
Roman Catholic: 76.3%
Jewish: 11.2%
Calvinist: 8.3%
Lutheran: 2.8%
Other denomination: 1.4%
Notable people
Géza I, King of Hungary
Tibor Gánti, theoretical biologist and biochemist
Nat Nichols, componist, jazz pianist and missionary.
Twin towns – sister cities
Vác is twinned with:
Deuil-la-Barre, France
Donaueschingen, Germany
Dubnica nad Váhom, Slovakia
Givatayim, Israel
Järvenpää, Finland
Odorheiu Secuiesc, Romania
Otrokovice, Czech Republic
Šahy, Slovakia
Sarıyer, Turkey
Tiachiv, Ukraine
Zawadzkie, Poland
Gallery
References
External links
Official website
The newsportal
Live webcam from the square
Map of Vác
Map of the surrounding area
Tragor Ignác Museum of Vác
Katona Lajos Town Library
Aerial photographs: Vác
Vác at funiq.hu
Populated places in Pest County
Serb communities in Hungary
Edward Burton George Wintle (3 January 1909 – 25 February 1972) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Family
The son of Edward Burton Wintle (1876-1966), and Edith Wintle (1889-1942), née Jones, Edward Burton George Wintle was born at Collingwood, Victoria on 3 January 1909.
Football
Collingwood (VFL)
He played in at least 13 Second XVIII games for Collinwood over two seasons (1930-1931).<ref>[https://forever.collingwoodfc.com.au/reserves-players-r-z "Edward B. (Bert) Wintle", (Reserves/VFL Players R-Z, at "Collingwood Forever.]</ref>
North Melbourne (VFL)
On 28 April 1933 "E.V. Wintle" was granted a clearance from "Collingwood to North Melbourne".Club Notes, The Argus, (Wednesday, 3 May 1933), p.16.
In his one and only match for the North Melbourne First XVIII he plated on the half-back flank against St Kilda, at the Junction Oval, on 27 May 1933.The Teams: St. Kilda v. North Melbourne, The Age, (Friday, 26 May 1933), p.6.
Military service
He served in the Australian Army during World War II.
Death
He died at Heidelberg, Victoria on 25 February 1972.
Notes
References
World War Two Nominal Rolls: Sergeant Edward Burton Wintle (VX104543), Department of Veterans' Affairs.
B883, VX104543: World War Two Service Record: Sergeant Edward Burton Wintle (VX104543), National Archives of Australia''.
External links
1909 births
1972 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
High Cross, Cornwall, may refer to:
High Cross, Constantine, a hamlet in the Civil Parish of Constantine, Kerrier
High Cross, Truro, also the name of a cobbled plaza in Truro
High Cross Street, in the centre of St Austell, between Holy Trinity Church and the Railway line
A residential road of the same name, south of the Newquay Road in St Columb Major
Carroll Avenue is a railway station in Michigan City, Indiana, serving the South Shore Line commuter rail line. For reasons of road access and parking, it, rather than the 11th Street station (also located in Michigan City but in the middle of a public street), is the city's primary commuter station for South Shore Line service.
Although Carroll Ave. is not the eastern terminus of the South Shore Line, most trains terminate or start at this station. The coach yard is located here, as well as NICTD's headquarters.
In June 2009, NICTD officials announced their intention to close this station, on an unspecified future date, as part of their plan to revamp the street-running section of the line on 10th and 11th streets within Michigan City. However, as of June, 2012, the line relocation is still in planning and the Carroll Avenue station remains active.
The station's address is 503 North Carroll Avenue, Michigan City, Indiana.
Bus connections
Michigan City Transit
Route 3
References
External links
South Shore Line - Stations
Station from Roeske Avenue from Google Maps Street View
South Shore Line stations in Indiana
Michigan City, Indiana
Railway stations in LaPorte County, Indiana
Phu Pha Man National Park () is a national park in Thailand's Khon Kaen and Loei provinces. This forested park is home to caves, waterfalls and steep cliffs.
Geography
Phu Pha Man National Park is located about west of the city of Khon Kaen in the Phu Pha Man and Chum Phae districts of Khon Kaen Province and Phu Kradueng District of Loei Province. The park's area is . Park elevations range from to .
Attractions
Klang Khao cave is notable for its large daily exodus of bats at dusk, making a formation about long. Other park caves feature stalagmite and stalactite formations. The Lai Thaeng cave hosts rock paintings dating back up to 2,000 years.
The park's highest waterfall is Tat Yai waterfall at high. Tat Rong waterfall reaches high. The black rock Pha Nok Khao cliff rises above the Phong river.
Flora and fauna
The park's forest types are mostly evergreen and mixed deciduous. Plant life includes rattan, orchid and cogon grass. Park animal species include wild boar, barking deer and pangolin.
References
National parks of Thailand
Geography of Khon Kaen province
Tourist attractions in Khon Kaen province
Geography of Loei province
Tourist attractions in Loei province
Descalabrado is a barrio in the municipality of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,138.
History
Central Cortada, also known as the Cortada Sugarcane Refinery, was a sugarcane plantation and refinery located in Descalabrado. The area where the refinery is located had been used for the growth and processing of sugarcane since the 18th century.
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Descalabrado and Boca Velázquez barrios was 1,083.
In 1905, via an act of the US Congress, authorization was received to use water from the Descalabrado River to water the crops at the Central Cortada sugar plantation.
Gallery
Scenes around Descalabrado:
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico
Antaeotricha aequabilis is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 23–24 mm. The forewings are white with the dorsal half more or less suffused with light fuscous-grey, and with three ill-defined darker fuscous dorsal blotches not reaching half across the wing, two posterior with oblique cloudy shades extending from them obliquely inwards to above the middle. The hindwings are grey, paler anteriorly.
References
Moths described in 1916
aequabilis
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
Jeff Carr may refer to:
Jeff Carr (Australian politician) (born 1944), member of the state parliament of Western Australia
Jeff Carr (Canadian politician), member of the provincial legislature of New Brunswick
Jeff Carr (American politician), mayor of Eagle Nest, New Mexico
Imma ancistrota is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1912. It is found on New Guinea.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are dark lilac fuscous, with ochreous-yellow markings, a spot at the base and a moderate somewhat oblique fascia near beyond this, confluent with it in the middle. There is an irregular transverse streak before the middle, dilated on the costa, broken inwards on the fold, the lower portion sinuate outwards. There is a dot in the disc beyond the middle and a narrow irregular fascia beyond this, interrupted in the middle, not reaching the dorsum. There is a subtriangular spot on the costa towards the apex and a fine line on the submedian fold posteriorly. An ochreous-whitish line runs from just before the lower extremity of the costal spot to the tornus, twice dentate outwards, the lower dentation confluent with an ochreous-yellow spot on the termen above the tornus and there is a fine ochreous-whitish terminal line. The hindwings are prismatic hyaline, with the veins dark fuscous and a dark fuscous band around the costa and upper half of the termen, broadest at apex, continued narrowly and irregularly around the lower part of the termen and tornus.
References
Moths described in 1912
Immidae
Moths of New Guinea
William Harris (born 10 March 1504), of Radford in the parish of Plymstock in Devon, was a Member of Parliament for Newport-juxta-Launceston in Cornwall.
Origins
He was the son and heir of Francis Harris (1475–1509) of Radford, by his wife Phillipa Grenville (d. 1524), a daughter of Sir Thomas Grenville (d. 1513), lord of the manors of Bideford in Devon and of Stowe in the parish of Kilkhampton, Cornwall, Sheriff of Cornwall in 1481 and in 1486. She survived her husband and remarried to Humphry Arundell of Lanherne, Cornwall, younger brother of Sir John Arundell (1474–1545), her brother-in-law.
Career
He was a Member of Parliament for Newport-juxta-Launceston in Cornwall, for the fifth (1529–1536) parliament of King Henry VIII, probably served in the sixth (1536) parliament, and may have served in either or both of that king's seventh (1539–1540) and eighth (1539–1542) parliaments.
Family
At some time before June 1527, he married Catherine Trecarrel, a daughter and co-heiress of Henry Trecarrell (alias Esse) of Trecarrell in Cornwall, by whom he had progeny as follows:
Christopher Harris (c. 1553–1625), a Member of Parliament for Plymouth. He married Barbara Arscott (d. 1597/8), a daughter of John Arscott of Dunsland in the parish of Bradford (or Cookbury) in Devon. His son John Harris died young and pre-deceased his father, thus Radford passed to the descendants of Christopher's sister Jane Harris
Jane Harris, only daughter, who in 1562/3 at Menheniot in Cornwall married he cousin John Harris (d. 1579) of Lanrest in Cornwall. As her brother's son died young, her progeny became the heirs to Radford.
References
1504 births
Year of death missing
English MPs 1529–1536
Members of the pre-1707 English Parliament for constituencies in Cornwall
People from Plymstock
Megamax was a pay television channel that was broadcast in Hungary, Romania, Czech Republic and Slovakia, owned by AMC Networks International in Central Europe. It was aimed primarily at young males, 5–17 years old and broadcast animated series and teen series.
The channel closed down on 1 January 2020 at 06:00 CET. Its channel slot transitioned to JimJam.
History
Megamax was first launched in Hungary on 18 April 2011 at 16:00 CET on Telekom and timeshared with Zone Club, which was broadcast 24 hours a day since New Year's Day 2007. On 1 September 2011, Megamax increased broadcast time from 13:00 CET, and on 1 December 2011 from 07:00 CET. On 1 February 2012, Zone Club closed, and the channel became available on the Hungarian UPC Direct.
The channel was launched in Romania on 19 November 2012 and on 1 December 2012, in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Megamax began running 24 hours a day in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia on 1 October 2014 and in Romania on 15 January 2015.
Despite having obtained retransmission agreements with most operators, on 4 November 2019, AMC announced the channel's closure. The main reason of the closure was that the channel failed to obtain a higher audience share to run Hungarian advertising.
Former Programmes
Almost Naked Animals
Angry Birds Toons
Adventurers: Masters of Time
Alienators: Evolution Continues
The Avatars
Bernard
Blue Water High
Casper's Scare School
Chuck's Choice
Code Lyoko
Cosmic Quantum Ray
Cyboars
Dance Academy
Dark Oracle
Dork Hunters from Outer Space
Degrassi: The Next Generation
Delilah and Julius
Dream Defenders
Eon Kid
Extreme Football
Flight Squad
Freefonix
Galactik Football
Gaming Show (In My Parents' Garage)
Ghost Rockers
Girl vs. Boy
Gormiti: The Lords of Nature Return!
G.I. Joe: Renegades
Hero Factory
Hot Wheels: Battle Force 5
Huntik: Secrets & Seekers
Invizimals
Kong
LazyTown (seasons 3-4)
Legends of Chima
Legend Of Enyo
Legend of the Dragon
Linkers, Codes Secrets
Looped
Magi-Nation
Marcus Level
Homestar Runner
Matt Hatter Chronicles
Maggie & Bianca: Fashion Friends
Max Steel
Mudpit
M.I. High
Mixels
Metajets
Mr. Young
My Giant Friend
Nerds and Monsters
Ninjago
Numb Chucks
Nutri Ventures – The Quest for the 7 Kingdoms
Oscar's Oasis
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures
Piggy Tales
Plankton Invasion
Power Rangers
Radio Free Roscoe
Ready for This
Really Me
Roman Mysteries
ROX
Sam Fox: Extreme Adventures
Scaredy Squirrel
SheZow
Shoebox Zoo
Sidekick
Skyland
Slugterra
Some Assembly Required
Sonic Boom
Speed Racer: The Next Generation
Spike Team
Stoked
Stormworld
Strange Hill High
Street Football
Super 4
Supa Strikas
Tara Duncan: The Evil Empress
Teen Days
The Amaz. E. Friends
The Amazing World of Gumball (seasons 1-4)
The Basketeers
The Elephant Princess
The Invisible Man
The Latest Buzz
The Sparticle Mystery
The Stanley Dynamic
The Twisted Whiskers Show
The Wannabes
Transformers: Armada
Transformers: Energon
Transformers: Cybertron
Voltron Force
Voltron: The Third Dimension
What's Up Warthogs!'
Wolverine and the X-Men Zeke's Pad Zip Zip Zorro: Generation Z''
See also
AMC Networks International
Minimax
References
AMC Networks International
Children's television networks
Television channels and stations established in 2012
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2020
Television channels in Hungary
Television stations in Romania
"He Walked Around the Horses" is a science fiction short story by American writer H. Beam Piper. It is initially based on the true story of diplomat Benjamin Bathurst, who mysteriously disappeared in 1809. It was first published in the April 1948 issue of Astounding Science Fiction magazine (now Analog).
The story is told in epistolary style, as a series of reports, statements and memoranda by various government, army and police officials, and inn servants, stating what they know of the matter.
Plot
Benjamin Bathurst, a British diplomat, disappears while staying at an inn in Prussia. Piper describes Bathurst in the story as "a rather stout gentleman, of past middle age" (although the real Bathurst was only 25 years old at the time of his disappearance).
This story posits that Bathurst slipped into a parallel universe. This event was referenced in the Paratime story "Police Operation", also written by Piper. The point of divergence from our history is the Battle of Quebec on December 31, 1775, in which Benedict Arnold is killed instead of merely wounded, leading to the victory of British General John Burgoyne over his American counterpart Horatio Gates at the Battles of Saratoga on September 19 and October 7, 1777. Consequently, the American Revolution is eventually crushed while the French Revolution is a total failure and there were no Napoleonic Wars.
The alternate Bathurst served as the lieutenant governor of the Crown Colony of Georgia. Napoleon Bonaparte is a colonel in the French Army who is considered a brilliant tactician and is completely loyal to the Bourbon Monarchy. Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord has remained in ecclesiastical orders and risen to become a Catholic Cardinal as well as Louis XVI's Chief Minister. George Washington was killed in battle at Doylestown, Pennsylvania during the short-lived rebellion of the colonies in British North America. Moreover, Thomas Jefferson - the author of the American rebels' Declaration of Philadelphia - fled to Havana and eventually died in the Principality of Liechtenstein several years prior to 1809, while James Madison is in exile in Switzerland. The Bathurst from our timeline is judged to be either insane, or a spy, and imprisoned. He attempts to escape, but is fatally shot. There was also a theory that he was his counterpart's half-brother. However, it is noted that there is no evidence to support this.
Bathurst's diplomatic documents are read by a high ranking British officer. He is amused by Talleyrand's role as Bonaparte's advisor and éminence grise, a role that he finds plausible. However, he is especially puzzled by references to a British general named "Wellington." In the final line of the story, the British officer is revealed to be Sir Arthur Wellesley - known in our reality as the Duke of Wellington. He attained the title by way of his victories in the Napoleonic Wars, which never took place in this universe.
Reception
Frederik Pohl noted that Piper "first attracted attention" for having written "He Walked Around the Horses". The Los Angeles Review of Books called it "classic".
In his 2014 biography of Piper, John F. Carr reported being told by Jerry Pournelle that Piper had claimed "He Walked Around the Horses" was a true story.
References
References
External links
1948 short stories
Science fiction short stories
Short stories by H. Beam Piper
Alternate history short stories
Works originally published in Analog Science Fiction and Fact
Cultural depictions of Benedict Arnold
Cultural depictions of Thomas Jefferson
Cultural depictions of Louis XVI
Cultural depictions of James Madison
Cultural depictions of Napoleon
Cultural depictions of George Washington
Cultural depictions of Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington
Fiction set in 1809
Imma fulminatrix is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934. It is found on the Marquesas Islands in French Polynesia.
References
Moths described in 1934
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Show Folks is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Eddie Quillan, Lina Basquette, and Carole Lombard.
Cast
Preservation
This film survives at the French archive Centre national du cinéma et de l'image animée in Fort de Bois-d'Arcy, Library of Congress, and UCLA Film and Television Archive.
References
Bibliography
Wes D. Gehring. Carole Lombard, the Hoosier Tornado. Indiana Historical Society Press, 2003.
External links
1928 films
Films directed by Paul L. Stein
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American comedy-drama films
Pathé Exchange films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
Silent comedy-drama films
Silent American drama films
Silent American comedy films
Jeffrey A. Gibson (born 1972) is an American Mississippi Choctaw/Cherokee painter, and sculptor. He has lived and worked in Brooklyn; Hudson, New York; and Germantown, New York.
Early life and education
Jeffrey A. Gibson was born on March 31, 1972 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. As a child his family moved frequently because his father worked for the United States Department of Defense. As a youth he lived in North Carolina, New Jersey, West Germany, and South Korea.
Gibson earned his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1995 from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. In 1998 he received his Master of Fine Arts from the Royal College of Art, sponsored by the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians. Gibson remarked on this opportunity provided for him: "My community has supported me ... My chief felt that me going there, being a strong artist, made him stronger."
Gibson has identified as queer and gay. He is married to Norwegian artist Rune Olsen, and together they have a daughter.
Career
Gibson was an artist in residence at Bard College, where he also teaches in studio art courses. In 2010 he was a visiting artist at the California College of the Arts.
In order to keep regular studio hours, Gibson prefers to work between the hours of 10 am and 6 pm. His computer, cell phone, and a movie are generally at his reach if a break is needed while working. Music usually plays in the background, sometimes random, sometimes a specific record with genres ranging from African funk, jazz, punk, pop music, rap, R&B, disco, as well as East Indian drumming.
Gibson's art deals with issues of identity and labels. His work has featured the use of mixed media including Native American beadwork, trading post blankets, metal studs, fringe, and jingles. Airbrushing is another common tool used in his paintings, sculptures, and prints, incorporating oil paint and spray paint to create neon colored abstracts such as Singular (2008) and Submerge (2007). These works also find inspiration in graffiti, reflective of Gibson's urban life in New York City.
Influences
Gibson draws influence in materials, processes, media, and iconographies. He has found inspiration in events that revolve around dancing, specifically from Leigh Bowery and his dramatic nightclub persona. Pow-wows, nightclubs, and raves provide contrasts as rural and urban venues, serving as spaces for dancing, movement, and dramatic fashion/regalia. Keeping with regalia, 19th-century Iroquois beadwork also provides inspiration, as colorful beads often find their way into Gibson's artworks. Gibson also provides his own spin on graffiti, which is seen frequently in his works.
He also credits his nomadic lifestyle as a major influence, bringing together what he describes as:
... varying aesthetics of each place. Some have had specific cultural aesthetics, language barriers, cultural barriers, etcetera. These differences funnel through me, a queer Native male born toward the end of the 20th century and entering the 21st century. I consider this hybrid in the construction of my work and attempt to show that complexity.
Artworks
Rawhide painting series
Gibson's practice has involved painting in oil and acrylic on rawhide-clad wood panels. He is recycling found objects such as antique shaving mirrors and ironing boards and covers them in untanned deer, goat, or elk skin. Gibson combines domestic, Native American, and Hard-edge modernist references. His punching bag made from found Everlast punching bags, U.S. Army wool blankets, glass beads, tin jingles, and the artist's repurposed paintings exemplify the dialogue between mainstream pop culture and Native American powwow aesthetics.
His work Document, 2015 (2015) is made with acrylic and graphite on deer rawhide, hung with steel spikes. Under Cover (2015) was a made with rawhide stretched over wood panel.
"Atmospheric landscapes"
Before that Gibson's most notable works, his at times 3-D wall abstracts, have been described as "atmospheric landscapes". Working in oil paint he also brings together objects that have become a signature to his works: pigmented silicon, urethane foam, and beads.
Alive (2017)
Alive showed as part of the Desert x exhibition in the Coachella Valley from February 25 to April 30, 2017
Totems series
Creating his own totem sculptures, in 2009 Gibson produced the Totems series for an exhibition at Sala Diaz in San Antonio, Texas. This series of sculptures involved Gibson arriving five days before the opening to put together a collection of found objects to create what have been described, by the artist, as "fantasy s e x partners, objects of desire".
The Totems feature objects such as mannequins acquired from Craigslist, a wig, plastic flowers, toys, cowboy boots, flower pots, his signature spray paint and other objects. In the end Gibson created two human-like figures and a totem pole from the flower pots. Writer Ben Judson described Totems as way Gibson "uses the stereotyping of his own people as a way of exploring the use of metaphor in identity formation, cultural critique and consumerism without forfeiting lyricism or indulging in self-righteousness (apart, that is, from his press release)."
Reception
Gibson's abstract works have been compared to artists such as Martin Johnson Heade, Cy Twombly, Chris Ofili, and Indigenous Australian art. Artist and poet Jimmie Durham declared that Gibson "might be our Miles Davis", our referring to Native America. While some celebrate him as a Native artist, others celebrate his ability to move freely in and out of Native and non-Native contemporary art worlds.
Notable collections
Crystal Bridges Museum
Denver Art Museum
Hood Museum
Nasher Museum of Art
Nerman Museum of Contemporary Art
Mississippi Museum of Art
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art
Philbrook Museum of Art
Smithsonian Institution, National Museum of the American Indian
School for Advanced Research
Speed Art Museum
Whitney Museum of American Art
Notable exhibitions
Stretching the Canvas: Eight Decades of Native Painting (2019–21), National Museum of the American Indian George Gustav Heye Center, New York, NY
Jeffrey Gibson: This Is the Day, 2018–19, Ruth and Elmer Wellin Museum of Art at Hamilton College, Clinton, NY, Blanton Museum of Art, Austin, TX
Jeffrey Gibson: Like A Hammer, 2018–19, Denver Art Museum, Denver, CO, Mississippi Museum of Art, Jackson, MS, Seattle Art Museum, Seattle, WA, Madison Museum of Contemporary Art, Madison, WI
Sakahan, 2013, National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, Ontario
Said The Pigeon to the Squirrel, 2013, National Academy Museum and School, New York, NY
Love Song, 2013, Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston, MA
Tipi Poles Performing As Lines, 2013, Cornell Fine Arts Museum, Winter Park, FL
Marc Straus, 2012, New York, NY
Shapeshifting, 2012, Peabody Essex Museum, Salem, MA
Changing Hands 3, 2012, Museum of Arts and Design, New York, NY
Recent Acquisitions, 2011, Denver Art Museum, Denver, CO
Recent Acquisitions, 2011, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, Boston, MA
Collision, 2010, Rhode Island School of Design, Providence, RI
Vantage Point, 2010, National Museum of the American Indian, Washington, DC
Flushing Town Hall Projects, 2008, Flushing Town Hall, New York, NY
Group show, 2008, Kentler International Drawing Space, Brooklyn, NY
Voices From the Mound, 2008, IAIA Museum of Contemporary Arts, Santa Fe, NM
Group show, 2007, New England School of Art and Design, Boston, MA
Off the Map, 2007, National Museum of the American Indian, New York, NY
SONOTUBE, 2007, Santa Barbara Contemporary Arts, Santa Barbara, CA
BROOKLYN, 2006, Westport Arts Center, Westport, CT
No Reservations, 2006, Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum, Ridgefield, CT
Paumanok-a, 2006, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY
Tropicalisms, 2006, Jersey City Museum, Jersey City, NJ
Indigenous Anomaly, 2005, American Indian Community House, New York, NY
(re)positions, 2001, Bronx Museum of the Arts, New York, NY
Gibson has also exhibited at numerous events such as the New Art Dealers Alliance Fair, ARCOmadrid, as well as many private galleries and public institutions.
Notable awards and grants
MacArthur Fellowship, 2019
Joan Mitchell Foundation Painters and Sculptors Grant, 2012
TED (conference) Foundation Fellow, 2012
Smithsonian Institution Contemporary Arts Grant, 2012
Jerome Hill Foundation, 2012
Eiteljorg Museum Fellowship for Native American Fine Art, 2009, Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art
Ronald & Susan Dubin Fellowship, 2008, School for Advanced Research
References
External links
Gibson's work exhibited in Off the Map from the National Museum of the American Indian
Jeffrey Gibson at Roberts Projects, Los Angeles, CA
Jeffrey Gibson: Indigenous Anomaly, exhibition at the American Indian Community House Gallery, 2005
Jeffrey Gibson: Totems, Gibson's blog from the Sala Diaz show
1972 births
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
American contemporary painters
American people of Cherokee descent
Artists from New York City
Choctaw people
Contemporary sculptors
Gay artists
Living people
Native American installation artists
Native American male artists
Native American painters
Native American printmakers
Native American sculptors
Painters from Colorado
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American male artists
American male sculptors
20th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American printmakers
Sculptors from New York (state)
Sculptors from Colorado
Dashtiari or Dashtyari () is the name of a region in south-eastern Iran. It may also refer specifically to:
Dashtiari District
Polan, Iran, a village in Polan District
Dashtiari River
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
The Vanuatu Mobile Force (VMF) is a small, mobile corps of 300 volunteers that makes up Vanuatu's military. Its primary task is to assist the Vanuatu Police Force. However, should Vanuatu be attacked, then the VMF will act as the first line of defence. In 1994, VMF deployed 50 people to Papua New Guinea, as their first peacekeeping mission.
Though the armed forces in Vanuatu have never overthrown a government, members of the VMF angry about their pay detained President Jean-Marie Léyé and Deputy Prime Minister Barak Sopé on October 12, 1996 but released them just a few hours later.
List of commanders
Sato Kilman (1984 - 1986)
James Aru (? - ?)
Lieutenant Colonel Willie Vire (? - ?)
Lieutenant Colonel Job Esau (? - 2015)
Colonel Robson Iavro (2015–present)
Equipment of Vanuatu Mobile Forces
Infantry weapons
References
Vanuatu
Military of Vanuatu
The Javan black-capped babbler (Pellorneum capistratum) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae.
It is endemic to the island of Java in Indonesia. The Malayan black-capped babbler (P. nigrocapitatum) and the Bornean black-capped babbler (P. capistratoides) were both formerly considered conspecific, but were split from it in 2021.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Javan black-capped babbler
Javan black-capped babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of Java
Endemic fauna of Java
Javan black-capped babbler
Lionheart is an American beatdown hardcore band from Oakland, California.
History
Formed in 2004 in Oakland, California, Lionheart consists out of vocalist Rob Watson, guitarists Evan Krejci and Rob McCarthy, as well of bassist Chad Hall (currently in "Wear the Crown" – a heavy metal / hardcore band formed in 2017) and drummer Jay Scott after several line-up changes.
The band released their debut record The Will to Survive on September 2, 2007, via Stillborn Records and I Scream Records which got re-released with bonus materials two years later. After signing a record deal with Mediaskare Records Lionheart released their second studio album Built on Struggle on January 8, 2011. A year and a half later, on May 8, 2012, the follow-up album Undisputed was released again on Mediaskare. An EP Welcome to the West Coast was released on January 14, 2014, via Fast Break Entertainment.
Between July and September 2011 Lionheart toured together with I Declare War. Between January 20–31, 2012 the band toured Europe during the Persistence Tour alongside Biohazard and Suicidal Tendencies. In July the same year a Northern American tour followed with Thick as Blood. The band should have played Europe during that time but the concert tour got cancelled. The band drew criticism from some fans after they confirmed playing a show with Motionless in White in Hawaii. The band stated that it was only one concert. In the beginning of 2015 the band toured Europa as participant of the Taste of Anarchy Tour with Nasty and German Beatdown band Coldburn. The band played some mid-sized festivals in summer 2005 including Ieperfest in Belgium, Traffic Jam Open Air and Summerblast Festival, both located in Germany. The festival appearances were part of a second Europe tour in Europe in 2015 where the band shared stage with bands like Death by Stereo, H2O, Born from Pain, 7 Seconds and First Blood.
In the beginning of 2016 the band released their fourth studio album called Love Don't Live Here via German-based label Beatdown Hardwear Records. On May 26, 2016, the band announced their break-up. Five days after that announcement Lionheart announced the dates of their Farewell Tour in Europe, which included appearances on festivals like With Full Force, Vainstream Rockfest and the Free & Easy Festival all located in Germany. Even so, Lionheart played shows in Serbia and Greece for the first time. On August 12, 2016, it was announced that the Farewell Tour will be expanded so the band will play their last concert in Germany on November 5, 2016, in Chemnitz.
After about a year disbanding, on Facebook the band announced that they had reunited.
Musical style
The music of Lionheart's first album was described as hardcore punk-rooted metalcore, and compared with Hatebreed. The musical style is comparable with Terror and Settle the Score. Lionheart uses musical elements of beatdown hardcore and two-step in their sound. One more musical influence is Cro-Mags. Overall, Lionheart is categorized as a mixture of hardcore punk and heavy metal.
The band is known for their aggressive sound which can be compared with First Blood and Blood Stands Still.
Band members
Discography
2006: This Means War (EP, I Scream Records)
2007: The Will to Survive (Album, Westcoast Worldwide Records, re-released in 2008 via I Scream Records along with This Means War EP)
2011: Built on Struggle (Album, Mediaskare Records)
2012: Undisputed (Album, Mediaskare Records)
2014: Welcome to the West Coast (EP, Fast Break Entertainment)
2016: Love Don't Live Here (Album, LHHC Records, BDHW Records)
2017: Welcome to the West Coast II
2019: Valley of Death
References
External links
Lionheart on Facebook
Hardcore punk groups from California
Musical groups established in 2004
Musical groups disestablished in 2016
Musical groups from Oakland, California
Barryroe is an undeveloped oil and gas field discovered in the Atlantic ocean due south of County Cork, Ireland. Close to the exhausted Kinsale Head gas field, it is as close as to the Kinsale Head existing pipeline. The discovery is at a water depth of . Several attempts were made to find a commercial field at the site in the 1970s but although they struck oil, none were commercially viable. It has been rated as the equivalent of a large North Sea oil field.
, the field is 80% owned by Providence Resources (via subsidiary Exola) and 20% by Lansdowne Oil and Gas (via subsidiary Lansdowne Celtic Sea).
Providence has long been seeking a partner to finance development of Barryroe. In 2015 it attempted partnership with Sequa Resources, and in 20182020 partnered with Chinese APEC Energy, both without success.
Providence estimated the total reserve in place between in July 2012. In April 2013 an independent audit estimated the recoverable total at barrels of oil, and of gas. This gives a total of of oil equivalent.
References
Oil fields of Ireland
Sinocupido is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Sinocupido lokiangensis. The genus and the species were described from China (Xinjiang) in 1963. Very little is known about them.
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lott R. Herrick (December 8, 1871 – September 18, 1937) was an American lawyer and jurist.
Born in Farmer City, Illinois, Herrick graduated from Farmer City High School in 1888. He then graduated from University of Illinois in 1892 and the University of Michigan Law School in 1894. He then practiced law with his father and later with his brother in Farmer City, Illinois. From 1902 to 1904, Herrick served as county judge of DeWitt County, Illinois. He also served as president of the Board of Education of the Morris Township High School. From 1933 until his death in 1937, Herrick served on the Illinois Supreme Court. Herrick died in Rochester, Minnesota at the Mayo Clinic from brain lesions. He was buried in Farmer City, Illinois.
Notes
1871 births
1937 deaths
People from Farmer City, Illinois
University of Illinois alumni
University of Michigan Law School alumni
School board members in Illinois
Illinois state court judges
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
Neurological disease deaths in Minnesota
Chief Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
The solenoid structure of chromatin is a model for the structure of the 30 nm fibre. It is a secondary chromatin structure which helps to package eukaryotic DNA into the nucleus.
Background
Chromatin was first discovered by Walther Flemming by using aniline dyes to stain it. In 1974, it was first proposed by Roger Kornberg that chromatin was based on a repeating unit of a histone octamer and around 200 base pairs of DNA.
The solenoid model was first proposed by John Finch and Aaron Klug in 1976. They used electron microscopy images and X-ray diffraction patterns to determine their model of the structure. This was the first model to be proposed for the structure of the 30 nm fibre.
Structure
DNA in the nucleus is wrapped around nucleosomes, which are histone octamers formed of core histone proteins; two histone H2A-H2B dimers, two histone H3 proteins, and two histone H4 proteins. The primary chromatin structure, the least-packed form, is the 11 nm, or “beads on a string” form, where DNA is wrapped around nucleosomes at relatively regular intervals, as Roger Kornberg proposed.
Histone H1 protein binds to the site where DNA enters and exits the nucleosome, wrapping 147 base pairs around the histone core and stabilising the nucleosome, this structure is a chromatosome. In the solenoid structure, the nucleosomes fold up and are stacked, forming a helix. They are connected by bent linker DNA which positions sequential nucleosomes adjacent to one another in the helix. The nucleosomes are positioned with the histone H1 proteins facing toward the centre where they form a polymer. Finch and Klug determined that the helical structure had only one-start point because they mostly observed small pitch angles of 11 nm, which is about the same diameter as a nucleosome. There are approximately 6 nucleosomes in each turn of the helix. Finch and Klug actually observed a wide range of nucleosomes per turn but they put this down to flattening.
Finch and Klug's electron microscopy images had a lack of visible detail so they were unable to determine helical parameters other than the pitch. More recent electron microscopy images have been able to define the dimensions of solenoid structures and identified it as a left-handed helix. The structure of solenoids is insensitive to changes in the length of the linker DNA.
Function
The solenoid structure's most obvious function is to help package the DNA so that it is small enough to fit into the nucleus. This is a big task as the nucleus of a mammalian cell has a diameter of approximately 6 µm, whilst the DNA in one human cell would stretch to just over 2 metres long if it were unwound. The "beads on a string" structure can compact DNA to 7 times smaller. The solenoid structure can increase this to be 40 times smaller.
When DNA is compacted into the solenoid structure can still be transcriptionally active in certain areas. It is the secondary chromatin structure that is important for this transcriptional repression as in vivo active genes are assembled in large tertiary chromatin structures.
Formation
There are many factors that affect whether the solenoid structure will form or not. Some factors alter the structure of the 30 nm fibre, and some prevent it from forming in that region altogether.
The concentration of ions, particularly divalent cations affects the structure of the 30 nm fibre, which is why Finch and Klug were not able to form solenoid structures in the presence of chelating agents.
There is an acidic patch on the surface of histone H2A and histone H2B proteins which interacts with the tails of histone H4 proteins in adjacent nucleosomes. These interactions are important for solenoid formation. Histone variants can affect solenoid formation, for example H2A.Z is a histone variant of H2A, and it has a more acidic patch than the one on H2A, so H2A.Z would have a stronger interaction with histone H4 tails and probably contribute to solenoid formation.
The histone H4 tail is essential for formation of 30 nm fibres. However, acetylation of core histone tails affects the folding of chromatin by destabilising interactions between the DNA and the nucleosomes, making histone modulation a key factor in solenoid structure. Acetylation of H4K16 (the lysine which is the 16th amino acid from the N-terminal of histone H4) inhibits 30 nm fibre formation.
To decompact the 30 nm fibre, for instance to transcriptionally activate it, both H4K16 acetylation and removal of the histone H1 proteins are required.
Further packaging
Chromatin can form a tertiary chromatin structure and be compacted even further than the solenoid structure by forming supercoils which have a diameter of around 700 nm. This supercoil is formed by regions of DNA called scaffold/matrix attachment regions (SMARs) attaching to a central scaffolding matrix in the nucleus creating loops of solenoid chromatin between 4.5 and 112 kilobase pairs long. The central scaffolding matrix itself forms a spiral shape for an additional layer of compaction.
Alternative models
Several other models have been proposed and there is still a lot of uncertainty about the structure of the 30 nm fibre.
Even the more recent research produces conflicting information. There is data from electron microscopy measurements of the 30 nm fibre dimensions that has physical constraints which mean it can only be modelled with a one-start helical structure like the solenoid structure. It also shows there is no linear relationship between the length of the linker DNA and the dimensions (instead there are two distinct classes). There is also data from experiments which cross-linked nucleosomes that show a two-start structure.
There is evidence that suggests both the solenoid and zig-zag (two-start) structures are present in 30 nm fibres. It is possible that chromatin structure may not be as ordered as previously thought, or that the 30 nm fibre may not even be present in situ.
Two-start twisted-ribbon model
The two-start twisted-ribbon model was proposed in 1981 by Worcel, Strogatz and Riley. This structure involves alternating nucleosomes stacking to form two parallel helices, with the linker DNA zig-zagging up and down the helical axis.
Two-start cross-linker model
The two-start cross-linker model was proposed in 1986 by Williams et al. This structure, like the two-start twisted-ribbon model, involves alternating nucleosomes stacking to form two parallel helices, but the nucleosomes are on opposite sides of the helices with the linker DNA crossing across the centre of the helical axis.
Superbead model
The superbead model was proposed by Renz in 1977. This structure is not helical like the other models, it instead consists of discrete globular structures along the chromatin which vary in size.
Some alternative forms of DNA packaging
The chromatin in mammalian sperm is the most condensed form of eukaryotic DNA, it is packaged by protamines rather than nucleosomes, whilst prokaryotes package their DNA through supercoiling.
References
External links
Aaron Klug tells his life story at the Web of Stories: The Solenoid Model
Molecular genetics
DNA
Putlitz () is a town in the district of Prignitz, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 15 km northwest of Pritzwalk, and 35 km northeast of Wittenberge.
Demography
Gallery
International relations
Putlitz is twinned with:
Kaltenkirchen, Germany
References
External links
Localities in Prignitz
Kardos is a Hungarian language occupational surname, which means "swordsman", derived from the Turkish word "kard", meaning a sword. Alternative spellings include Kardoš, Kardosh, and Kardossh. The name may refer to:
Dezider Kardoš (1914–1991), Slovak composer
Ferenc Kardos (1937–1999), Hungarian filmmaker
Gene Kardos (1899–1980), American musician
János Kardos (1801–1875), Hungarian writer
József Kardos (born 1960), Hungarian football player
Štefan Kardoš (born 1966), Slovene writer
Tivadar Kardos (1921–1998), Hungarian chess player
See also
Kardos, Hungary
Kardoskút, Hungary
Karlos (name)
Hungarian-language surnames
Supercow (or super cow) is a term used in the dairy industry to denote lines or individual animals that have superior milk production: that is, which produce more milk per day, or in some cases produce more fat per gallon of milk.
Until recently, supercows have been developed through selective breeding - either traditional breeding or, since the 1960s, artificial insemination. Now the term tends to be applied to cows that have been genetically altered or whose genome has been studied in order to improve breeding.
References
Cattle
Dairy farming
Intensive farming
The Baikal Highway is a federal highway in Russia. Its official designation is federal highway R258 "Baikal" (). It part of the Trans-Siberian Highway and of the AH6 route of the Asian Highway Network. It is named after the Russian Lake Baikal.
The road has 296 bridges and no tunnels. There are no toll segments on the highway.
Gallery
See also
Circumbaikal Highway
References
M51
M53
M55
Roads in Siberia
Ann Mitchell (born 22 April 1939) is a British stage and television actress. She came to prominence in the 1980s when she starred as Dolly Rawlins in the crime series Widows as well as the sequels Widows 2 and She's Out, all written by Lynda La Plante. In 2011, she was cast as Cora Cross in the BBC soap opera EastEnders, the mother of Tanya Branning and Rainie Cross. Mitchell has appeared in many roles in film, theatre and television and has played a significant number of major roles such as Mrs. Warren in Mrs. Warren's Profession and her Laurence Olivier Award nominated performance in Through the Leaves.
Personal life
Mitchell attended Raine's Foundation School and went on to train at East 15 Acting School, having received the first ever scholarship to the school. She has since worked in theatre, television, film and radio, starting with "Diary of a Young Man", a series written for her by John McGrath and Troy Kennedy Martin, directed by Ken Loach. She is a visiting lecturer at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, East 15 Acting School and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and is Master Tutor on the foundation course at WAC. Mitchell is on the Board of Directors of the Unity Theatre Trust, a Trustee of Arbours (a psychotherapeutic care centre) and is a Patron of Clean Break, a theatre and training company for female ex-offenders. Mitchell has been married twice and has two sons, one from each of her marriages, one of whom is the actor Ché Walker. She resides in London.
Career
In 1984 she received the Pye Award for Female who had the greatest impact on television for her role as Dolly Rawlins in the crime series Widows, written by Lynda La Plante. She had a cameo, as Amanda's mother, in the 2018 U.S. film version of her series, Widows. In 1992, she received the award "Performance of the Year" by The Independent on Sunday for her Hecuba at the Gate Theatre. In 2003 Mitchell was a nominee for Best Actress in the Evening Standard Awards and the Laurence Olivier Awards for her performance as Martha in Through the Leaves, first at the Southwark Playhouse and later the Duchess Theatre, London. Her work as a director and writer includes: Voices from Prison (RSC Platform), Cathy Come Home (first stage adaptation, Pit Theatre), Ever After (co-written with Cathy Itzin), Kiss and Kill (co-written with Susan Todd for Monstrous Regiment and nominated for the Susan Smith Blackburn Prize). She directed the world premiere of Barry Keeffe's Sus, at the Royal Court Theatre.
Ann Mitchell first worked with Simon Callow over 35 years ago in a Lincoln Theatre Royal production of The Erpingham Camp, where Callow made his debut. Since then, they have worked together several times, most recently eight years ago when Callow directed Mitchell in The Destiny of Me at the Leicester Haymarket. While not collaborating with Callow, Mitchell has built up an extensive stage career. In an interview with What's on Stage, Mitchell commented that her favourite was Eugene O'Neill. "I was about 15 when I first started reading him and, even at that age, I knew there was something going on there in the subconscious of his work. Tennessee Williams, because of his delicacy. I also like doing Racine, which is wonderful from the point of the view of the language. I've just done Britannicus at the Citz."
Roles
EastEnders
In 2011, Mitchell was cast in the popular British soap opera EastEnders as Cora Cross, the mother of already established characters Tanya Jessop and Rainie Cross. She first appeared to attend her on-screen daughter's wedding and was originally only scheduled to appear for a four episode guest stint. On 31 May 2011 it was announced that Mitchell was returning to EastEnders as Cora and will be back on screen as a regular character in summer 2011. In an interview with Inside Soap, the executive producer of EastEnders, Bryan Kirkwood commented: "With the loss of Barbara Windsor, I was keen to find a new matriarch for the show, and Ann Mitchell is a dream booking. I've always been a fan of her work, and with the storyline we've got planned, we'll wonder how we ever did without Cora". Mitchell had previously appeared in EastEnders as Jane Williams, a woman Roy Evans had an affair with but only appeared for 6 episodes. Upon joining the soap, Mitchell commented: "As a lifelong fan of EastEnders I am thrilled to join the cast. I am a great fan of June Brown's and am I looking forward to sharing some scenes with her". Executive Producer Bryan Kirkwood added, "I'm very excited to have the much-loved Ann Mitchell joining us. Cora Cross is a formidable woman, cut from the same cloth as many glorious Walford women of the past, and Ann Mitchell is just perfect for the role." She took a break in December 2015, and returned in 2017.
Other roles
Theatre
As a leading member of the ground-breaking Citizens' Theatre for many years, Mitchell's roles included at Glasgow: Mother Courage in Mother Courage and Her Children, Helen in A Taste of Honey, Amanda in Private Lives, Mary in Mary Stuart, Eva in Summit Conference (written for her by Robert David McDonald), Mrs Warren in Mrs. Warren's Profession, Gertrude in Hamlet and Agrippina in Britannicus. At London: Mrs Marwood in The Way of the World and Cornelia in The White Devil.
Royal Shakespeare Company
For the Royal Shakespeare Company her roles include Hecuba, Aethra and the nurse in Tantalus at the Barbican (RSC), Frieda Lawrence in Divine Gossip, and the Woman in Edward Bond's War Plays I, II, III. Tantalus was a coproduction of the RSC and the Denver Center for the Performing Arts in the U.S. where it received its world premiere in a mammoth performance of the three parts given over 10 hours. Working for the leading companies in the UK she was: Helen in The Road to Mecca (Royal Exchange Theatre, Manchester), Mrs Malaprop in The Rivals (Nottingham Playhouse), Marge in A Colder Climate (Royal Court), A Matter of Life and Death (Royal National Theatre), Brenda in Mary Barnes (Royal Court), Guinevere in Guinevere (written for her by Pam Gems, Soho Poly), Mrs Prentice in What the Butler Saw (the Crucible Theatre, Sheffield). In 2005, she co-starred in Whose Life Is It Anyway? in London's West End with Kim Cattrall and Janet Suzman.
Television
For television, Mitchell has starred in many of the most popular UK television series ranging from drama to comedy, including Z-Cars, Talking to a Stranger, Up the Junction, Play for Today, Upstairs, Downstairs, Morning Story, Within These Walls, Bergerac, Taggart, The Detectives, Kavanagh QC, Maigret, The Bill, EastEnders, French & Saunders, and Gimme Gimme Gimme (written for her by Jonathan Harvey). She co-stars as Lillian in the forthcoming Granada production of Jane Hall's Big Bad Bus Ride, and was most recently seen as Rita in Tunnel of Love for the Thames. As Dolly Rawlins in Widows I, II and She's Out (written for her by Lynda La Plante) she won acclaim and affection. In 2017 she joined the cast of CBBC's Hetty Feather. On 16 January 2022 she appeared in Vera in the episode "As the Crow Flies" in the role of Moira Swann.
Filmography
Film and Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
20th-century English actresses
21st-century English actresses
Actresses from London
Alumni of East 15 Acting School
English film actresses
English soap opera actresses
English stage actresses
English television actresses
People educated at Raine's Foundation School
People from Stepney
Praephilotes is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It contains two species:
Praephilotes anthracias (Christoph, 1877)
Praephilotes violacea Howarth & Povolný, 1976
References
Polyommatini
Taxa named by Walter Forster (entomologist)
Lycaenidae genera
The Palawan tit ( Pardaliparus amabilis) is a species of bird in the tit family Paridae.
It is endemic to Palawan and the smaller islands of Calauit and Balabac in the Philippines. Within its range it is found in lowland forest habitats, including secondary forests, forest edge, swamps as well as submontane forest. It feeds on small insects, insect larvae, seeds, and fruit. It generally occurs singly or in pairs, and will join mixed-species feeding flocks.
The male Palawan tit has a black head, throat and neck, a yellow back, belly and breast, and pied black and white wings and tail. The female exhibits limited sexual dimorphism, having an olive back, but is otherwise similar to the male.
It is threatened by habitat loss, particularly the recent beginning of logging on the island. It is listed as near threatened by the IUCN.
References
Sources
BirdLife International 2004. Parus amabilis. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 26 July 2007.
Gosler, A. & P. Clement (2007) "Family Paridae (Tits and Chickadees)" P.p. 662-709. in del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Palawan tit
Birds of Palawan
Palawan tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sarmiento is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979, and is named for the Argentine writer Domingo Faustino Sarmiento.
References
Impact craters on Mercury
Janaki Devi Ram () is a Nepalese politician currently serving as a Member of Parliament for the House of Representatives. She is a member of the CPN (Unified Marxist–Leninist) and was elected to the parliament from the party list under the Dalit quota as a replacement for former MP Sanu Siva Pahadi who had died on 14 October 2020.
References
21st-century Nepalese women politicians
21st-century Nepalese politicians
Nepal MPs 2017–
Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist) politicians
1955 births
Living people
Cumberland House is a mansion in London, England.
Cumberland House may also refer to:
Cumberland House, Saskatchewan, a town and former fur trading post in Canada
Cumberland House, York, a building in England
Venezuela had been introduced to cinema in the 1890s. After an initial boom in screenings and production, the presence of cinema in the nation was lower between 1900 and 1910.
Industry development
A film circuit was established in Caracas in 1899, which included the Teatro Caracas, the Circo Metropolitano, a small bar opposite the Circo, the Café La Francia, and the Socorro bodega. After this, cinema appears only sparsely until about 1907.:31 Farrell writes that in the 1890s Venezuela was a frontrunner in the industry of film within Latin America, a status it lost after the state became involved with production in the 20th century.:20-21
It is in 1907 that contemporary evidence exists, through newspaper reviews, of more national films being created. These films were still vistas, depicting everyday activities of the common people, with an aim to "[win] the favor of the public and that of the tyrannical authorities of the time".:31 The filmmakers were also active in making propaganda for the government.:31 Some of the subjects of the reemergence of 1907 include "national holidays, bullfights, events, sports, views of places of the national territory and official events".:10
For a few days, beginning on 30 November 1900, a Bioscope was presented by W. H. Whiteman in the Hotel Bolívar of Ciudad Bolívar.:38 These screenings were so popular that the public in the city wrote to the newspaper to ask the show to be transferred to the Teatro Bolívar, where the zarzuela performances were cancelled to allow this to happen.:38 The first sound films of the country were shown by the Frenchman G. Romegout on 31 August 1901, operating a gramophone at the same time as the projector.:67-68
Cinema did not reappear in Caracas until the end of 1901; in the 1890s, Carlos Ruiz Chapellín had shown films in various venues, filling them with theatre during 1900.:87 However, the resurgence of the cinema here, being shown at the Teatro Municipal of Caracas, was not as popular. In November 1901, El Tiempo wrote:
From 1902 through 1904, the screenings of films again became minimal.:132 Additionally, most halls used for showing films did not have permanent facilities for the function, being limited to the Baralt Theatre in Maracaibo and Teatro Municipal in Valencia; in 1904, the Teatro Municipal in Barquisimeto was the main location for cinema in this region, with other areas using commercial public buildings like cafés and hotels for screenings.:37
The pioneer Manuel Trujillo Durán had returned to photography until 1902; in August 1903 he was working with fellow Zulian Alfredo Duplat in San Cristóbal, Táchira on films, traveling through the state after showing films in Cúcuta.:55 A report in the newspaper Horizontes announced that they were showing films that they had directed.:55 Trujillo Durán continued to work in film through the decade, but sparsely: he operated projectors at several locations, including as the duo 'Trujillo & March' at the Baralt Theatre, where he is documented in 1906 and 1908; at the University of the Andes in 1907; and around the country for Pathé in 1908 and 1909.:55
In 1905, film screenings emerged again in Caracas. Ruiz Chapellín, who had been the main film entrepreneur in the city, was replaced in this position by Carlos Badaracco; seen as a more gentile person, Badaracco's presence and the ability from 1904 to rent films from U.S. companies rather than buy them outright led to more investors in cinema. Badaracco created the Empresa Nacional and guidelines to film projection in 1905, making it an official job.:122 Badaracco would work as a professional projectionist until the end of the decade.
This year, a company owned by the Ireland brothers began showing a hundred films that they had imported at the Municipal in Caracas; though a renowned company, the shows left the Municipal starting on 25 April 1905, with the reason that the Circo Metropolitano could hold the much larger audiences they were attracting. The Irelands also introduced different film seasons through the year, and held a special screening on 27 April 1905 with then-Vice President Juan Vicente Gómez in attendance, their last show at the Municipal, though running concurrently with their regular programming at the Circo.:100 Other companies were formed in the decade. In 1908, after the Baralt brothers of Maracaibo relocate to Caracas, the Baralts worked with the Delhom brothers and the two sets of siblings formed a company together. Though it dissolved a year later, the Delhoms continued to make films for another five years, with Manuel Delhom making at least a dozen in 1908.:11
In 1908, the government of Carabobo had several films made commemorating the 5 July 1811 act of Independence. These were screened at the Gaumont Cinema in Valencia, shortly before President Cipriano Castro left the country.:11
National films
References
1900s in film
Cinema
1900s
1900s
Jean Vuarnet (18 January 1933 – 1 January 2017) was an alpine ski racer from France. An Olympic gold medalist, he was born in Le Bardo, Tunisia.
Career
The high point of Vuarnet's racing career came at age 27 at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley, where he won the gold medal in the downhill. Previously, he had won bronze in the same event at the World Championships in 1958 at Bad Gastein.
From 1957 to 1959, Vuarnet achieved seven titles as a French skiing champion: twice in the downhill (1958, 1959), slalom (1957, 1958) and alpine combined, and in the giant slalom (1957). He had placed third in the slalom and the alpine combined in the "Kandahar" at Sestriere in 1956. He was not selected for the Olympic team in 1956.
He was a skiing innovator. He honed his revolutionary aerodynamic "egg position" (French: "dite de l'œuf") now known as The Tuck - a lower stance in which he squatted down with knees bent, arms outstretched and fists clasped together, in a bid to increase his speed. He also was the first to race on metal skis (skis métalliques Rossignol), on which he won the downhill at the 1960 Winter Olympics. The tenth racer on the course, he won by a full half-second.
After retiring from active competition, Vuarnet became head of the Italian alpine ski team from 1968 to 1972, and vice-president of the French skiing association, a role in which he served from 1972 to 1974.
Business
In the early 1960s, Vuarnet was asked by his hometown of Morzine to help develop the skiing area around the town. He did so by creating the purpose-build resort of Avoriaz, together with a group of young architects. Around Avoriaz he developed a new area for alpine skiing, later linked to other areas in France and Switzerland known as The Portes du Soleil.
Vuarnet also gave his name to the exclusive Vuarnet sunglasses in 1961, now owned by a U.K. private equity group, Neo Investment Partners.
Personal
In 1958, he married Edith Bonlieu, a three-time French women's ski champion and sister of François Bonlieu.
His wife Edith and youngest son Patrick were among the members of the Order of the Solar Temple cult who committed suicide in 1995. He married his second wife Christiane in 1999; she died of a heart attack in 2012.
After a stroke, Vuarnet died at age 83 in 2017 at Sallanches, Haute-Savoie.
References
External links
International Skiing History Association – Jean Vuarnet
Vuarnet.com – Jean Vuarnet
YouTube – Jean Vuarnet: Tuck position (1961) –
1933 births
2017 deaths
French male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Olympic gold medalists for France
Olympic medalists in alpine skiing
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Australia competed at the 2013 World Games held in Cali, Colombia.
Medallists
Flying disc
Australia won the silver medal.
Karate
Tsuneari Yahiro won the bronze medal in the men's kumite 67 kg event and Maria Alexiadis won the bronze medal in the women's kumite 50 kg event.
Water skiing
Michale Briant won the bronze medal in the women's tricks event.
References
Nations at the 2013 World Games
2013 in Australian sport
2013
George Scarborough may refer to:
George Scarborough (writer), 20th century lawyer, playwright, and author
George Scarborough (cowboy), 19th century cowboy and lawman
See also
George Scarbrough, poet who wrote about Appalachia
The 13th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards are the 13th edition of the Interactive Achievement Awards, an annual awards event that honors the best games in the video game industry. The awards are arranged by the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences (AIAS), and were held at the Red Rock Casino, Resort & Spa in Las Vegas, Nevada on . It was also held as part of the Academy's 2010 D.I.C.E. Summit, and was hosted by stand up comedian Jay Mohr.
Uncharted 2: Among Thieves received the most nominations and won the most awards, including Game of the Year. Sony Computer Entertainment published the nominees and award winners with Naughty Dog as the most nominated and award winning developer.
Bruce Shelley, known for Crash Bandicoot Spyro, received the of the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Hall of Fame Award. Doug Lowenstein, founder of the Entertainment Software Association (ESA), received the Lifetime Achievement Award. David Crane, co-founder of Activision was the recipient of the Pioneer Award.
Winners and Nominees
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger ().
Special Awards
Hall of Fame
Bruce Shelley
Lifetime Achievement
Douglas Lowenstein
Pioneer
David Crane
Games with multiple nominations and awards
The following 23 games received multiple nominations:
The following five games received multiple awards:
Companies with multiple nominations
Companies that received multiple nominations as either a developer or a publisher.
Companies that received multiple awards as either a developer or a publisher.
External links
References
2010 awards
2010 awards in the United States
February 2010 events in the United States
2009 in video gaming
D.I.C.E. Award ceremonies
Fiona Watt, (born 28 March 1956) is a British scientist who is internationally known for her contributions to the field of stem cell biology. In the 1980s, when the field was in its infancy, she highlighted key characteristics of stem cells and their environment that laid the foundation for much present day research. She is currently director of the Centre for Stem Cells & Regenerative Medicine at King's College London, and Executive Chair of the Medical Research Council (United Kingdom) (MRC), the first woman to lead the MRC since its foundation in 1913.
On 13 July 2021 she was appointed as the new Director of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO).
Early life and education
Watt was born on 28 March 1956 in Edinburgh, Scotland. Her father was a dental surgeon who combined his clinical work with an active research programme. Her family were members of the Church of Scotland. Her younger sister, Wendy, died in 1982. Fiona Watt knew she wanted to be a scientist from a very young age.
Watt obtained her Bachelor of Arts degree in Natural Sciences in 1976, and her master's degree in 1979, both at Murray Edwards College, University of Cambridge. She also obtained her Doctor of Philosophy degree from the Sir William Dunn School of Pathology, University of Oxford in 1979, supervised by Henry Harris with a thesis on ''Microtubule-organizing centres in cells in culture and in hybrids derived from them'.
Career
After her PhD, Watt completed a two-year postdoctoral research positions at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), US, with Dr. Howard Green. Upon returning to the UK, she founded her first lab at the Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology in London where she became Head of the Molecular Cell Biology Laboratory. In 1987 she relocated to the Cancer Research UK London Research Institute (now part of the Francis Crick Institute) where she served as Head of the Keratinocyte Laboratory. From 2007 to 2012 she worked in Cambridge, where she helped to establish the Cambridge Cancer Research UK Institute and the Wellcome Trust Centre for Stem Cell Research. She was a Fellow of St John's College and the first Herchel Smith Professor of Molecular Genetics at Cambridge University.
Research
Watt's major research contribution has been to elucidate how the outer covering of mammalian skin, the epidermis, is maintained through self-renewal of stem cells and terminal differentiation of their progeny. Using cultured human epidermis and genetically modified mice, she pioneered the identification of stem cell populations and elucidated the roles of integrin, Notch, Wnt and receptor tyrosine kinase signalling in regulating their behavior. She identified the first marker, integrin extracellular matrix (ECM) receptors, that could be used to isolate epidermal stem cells – researchers have subsequently found that this marker enriches for stem cells in a wide range of tissues. In addition, others have amply confirmed her original concept that the ECM is a key component of the stem cell niche.
Her lab's research has also shown that the interplay between diverse intrinsic and extrinsic signals is central to determining cell fate, identified different sensing mechanisms and downstream signalling pathways, and elucidated the nature of the switch between stem cells and differentiated cells.
A pioneer of single cell gene expression profiling, she demonstrated that different human epidermal stem cell states are not stochastic but reflect the existence of stem cell subpopulations that had not been identified previously. By demonstrating the existence of functionally distinct skin fibroblast lineages she has opened the way for new strategies to treat scarring and fibrosis.
Fiona Watt's work has resulted in new insights into how epidermal deregulation leads to tumor formation, including the roles played by differentiated cells, bacteria and immune cells. She uncovered new mechanisms by which integrins contribute to cancer, including the first tumour-associated integrin mutation. She also identified the first Wnt-inhibitory mutation that stimulates tumour formation. The generality of her observations has been confirmed in other solid tumours. In recent years she has become increasingly interested in the relationship between genetic variants and cellular behaviour.
Leadership
Watt has played a key role in promoting UK government investment in stem cell research, for example as specialist adviser to the House of Lords Science and Technology Committee. She is past-president of the British Society for Cell Biology and the International Society for Stem Cell Research (ISSCR). She has served as Editor-in-Chief of Journal of Cell Science for 20 years and then as a founding Deputy Editor of eLife. Fiona Watt is a vocal advocate for women in science. In a series of articles and interviews with women scientists (2004-2005) she examined the struggles women face in 'getting to the top'.
At the Medical Research Council she launched a programme to enable full-time clinicians to participate in research; worked with and engaged Black and Minority Ethnic PhD students to identify new ways to support their academic careers; and developed new initiatives in multi-morbidity, adolescent mental health and pain. In 2020, Watt spearheaded efforts to fund coronavirus research, helping to ensure that the first awards from UKRI/DHSC were made just as the scale of the pandemic was becoming apparent. During Watt's tenure as MRC Executive Chair, she oversaw the decision to close the Mammalian Genetics Unit. This strategic decision was decried by over 150 researchers and leading geneticists internationally, including Elizabeth Fisher and Robin Lovell-Badge. Following a Strategic Review in 2019, the MRC Council concluded that in light of scientific advances to create more complex clinically-related mouse models, it was timely to focus on new investments on targeted programmes that are integrated with human disease modelling. Professor Owen Sansom was appointed Director of the new National Mouse Genetics Network. The Medical Research Council invested more than £20 million in the network bringing together a package of challenge-focused research clusters distributed across the UK and a long term partnership with the Mary Lyon Centre at Harwell.
In December 2020 a whistleblowing investigation was triggered by UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) to investigate claims that Watt had acted in a bullying manner. The investigation was completed in May 2021 and concluded there was a need to take action against Watt. UKRI said it accepted the investigation's findings and that "appropriate action has been taken". Watt offered written apologies for her behavior to multiple individuals.
Following the whistleblowing investigation, Watt remained in post until her current term as MRC Executive Chair ended in early 2022. She then took up her new position as director of the European Molecular Biology Organization. As a result of the outcome of this whistle blowing investigation, in December 2021 Watt was blocked from applying to the biomedical research funder Wellcome for 12 months and is required to hand over management of her existing grants to colleagues.
Awards and honours
Watt is a Member of the European Molecular Biology Organization (1999), Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (2000) and a Fellow of the Royal Society (2003).
She was elected an Honorary Foreign Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2008 and was awarded the Hunterian Society Medal in 2015. She is a Doctor Honoris Causa of the Universidad Autonoma de Madrid (2016). She won the American Society for Cell Biology (ASCB) Women in Cell Biology Senior Award in 2008 and the FEBS/EMBO Women in Science Award in 2016. She was elected an Honorary Member of Society for Investigative Dermatology (2018) and Honorary Fellow, British Pharmacological Society (2019). She is a Foreign Associate of the National Academy of Sciences (2019). She is a member of several advisory boards, including the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) Scientific Advisory Committee (SAC) and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute Medical Advisory Board. She won the inaugural Suffrage Science award in 2011.
References
External links
Cancer Research UK Cambridge Research Institute
Stem Cells and Human Health
British women scientists
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Wellcome Trust
Place of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of the Royal Society
1956 births
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Francis Crick Institute alumni
Mark Dyurgerov was an internationally known glaciologist and Fellow of the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR) of the University of Colorado at Boulder. He was born in Moscow, Russia; both of his parents were engineers, and his mother was also a Russian poet.
Mark was educated at Moscow State University, where he received his BS and PhD degrees in 1970 and 1974. His mentor was the famous glaciologist Petr Shumsky. He was introduced to the high mountains by Misha Plam, who later came to Boulder to direct INSTAAR's Mountain Research Station. In 1990 Mark received the higher degree of Doctor of Science from the Institute of Geography of the Russian Academy of Science, and in 1992 was awarded the title Professor of Hydrology and Water Resources by the Russian Academy.
Mountains and glaciology were two of the biggest passions in Mark's life. He went with Professor Shumsky to Antarctica, where he overwintered twice. He conducted glaciological studies in many of the high mountains of Asia and climbed Peak Communism (, now renamed Ismoil Somoni Peak) in 1977, the highest mountain in the former Soviet Union. Mark conducted glaciological research for more than 21 days on the Pamir Glacier Plateau at elevations of without descending. At that time it was a record for a scientist working for so long at such a high elevation.
Mark came to the United States in 1995 to work with American glaciologists in Boulder, Colorado. He became an American citizen in 2003. He continued his work as a Research Scientist and Fellow of INSTAAR, and collaborated with personnel at the National Snow and Ice Data Center, as well as with other local scientists and graduate students and colleagues around the world. Mark's closest colleagues were Mark Meier and W. Tad Pfeffer at INSTAAR, and David Bahr (now at Regis University). They helped Mark quickly integrate in the American glaciological community and feel at home in the U.S. In 2004, he received a fellowship from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, CA, and in 2006-07 he was in Stockholm as a recipient of a prestigious Marie Curie Fellowship. At the time of his death, he had published over 120 scientific papers, including two in 2009, in the fields of glacier monitoring, causes of sea-level rise, methods of mass balance and runoff study, and all aspects of glaciers in relation to climate change and meltwater production. Until his last hours, he was working on a major compendium that he was planning to publish in Moscow as an issue of "Materials of Glaciological Research." The best known of Mark's contributions to the scientific literature are his several global compilations and syntheses of glacier mass balance. His results figured in the climate-change and sea-level sections of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports, which received the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007.
Selected publications
Dyrugerov, M. B. and Meier, M. F. (2005): Glaciers and the changing earth system: a 2004 snapshot. Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research, University of Colorado. Occasional paper No. 58, 117 pp. http://instaar.colorado.edu/uploads/occasional-papers/OP58_dyurgerov_meier.pdf
Dyurgerov, M. B., 2002: Glacier Mass Balance and Regime: Data of Measurements and Analysis. Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research, University of Colorado. Occasional paper, 275 pp. http://instaar.colorado.edu/other/occ_papers.html
Meier M. F. and M. B. Dyurgerov, 2002: How Alaska Affects the World. Science, 297 (5580), 350-351.
Meier, M. F., M. B. Dyurgerov, and G. J. McCabe. 2002. The Health of Glaciers…Recent Changes in Glacier Regime. Climate Change, Kluwer (in Press).
Dyurgerov, M. B. and Dwyer, J. D., 2001: The steepening of glacier mass balance gradients with northern hemisphere warming. Zeitschrift fur Gletscherkunde und Glazialgeologie, 36 (2000), s. 107-118.
Dyurgerov, M. B., Meier., M. F., 2000: Twentieth century climate change: evidence from small glaciers. Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences, USA, 97(4) 1406-1411.
McCabe, G.J., Fountain, A.G. and Dyurgerov, M. B., 2000: Variability of winter mass balance of Northern Hemisphere glaciers and relations with atmospheric circulation. Arctic, Antarctic, and Alpine Research 32, 64-72.
Serreze, M. C., Walsh, J. E., Chapin III, F. S., Osterkamp, T., Dyurgerov, M. B., Romanovsky, V., Oechel, W. C., Morison, J., Zhang, T. and Barry, R. G., 2000: Observational evidence of recent change in the northern high-latitude environment. Climate Change, 46, 159-207.
Dyurgerov, M. B., Meier, M. F., 1999: Analysis of winter and summer glacier mass balances. Geografiska Annaler. 81A(4), 541-554.
Dyurgerov, M. B. and Bahr, D. B., 1998: Correlation's Between Glacier Properties - Finding appropriate parameters for global glacier monitoring, Journal of Glaciology, 45 (149) 9-16.
Bahr, D. B. and Dyurgerov, M. B., 1998: Characteristic mass-balance scaling with valley glacier size. Journal of Glaciology, 45(149), 17-21.
Dyurgerov, M. B. and Meier, M. F.: 1997a: Mass balance of mountain and subpolar glaciers: a new global assessment for 1961-1990. Arctic and Alpine Research 29(4), 379-391.
Dyurgerov, M. B. and Meier, M. F., 1997b: Year-to-year fluctuation of global mass balance of small glaciers and their contribution to sea level changes. Arctic and Alpine Research 29(4), 392-401.
References
Living people
Glaciologists
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change contributing authors
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Cold Dark Night is a 1957 spy thriller novel by the British writer Sarah Gainham. Her second novel, it is set at the height of the Cold War when the 1954 Berlin Conference saw the Big Four foreign ministers arrive in the divided city. Gainham had worked in Berlin as a journalist at the time of the Conference.
Synopsis
Joe Purdey, an American journalist in Berlin to cover the conference encounters Gisela Schill, an refugee from East Germany whose husband has gone missing while working for British intelligence behind the Iron Curtain. He is drawn into the world of subterfuge and low-level spying taking place in the city. The novel concludes with a face-off between British and Soviet forces at the Anhalter Bahnhof, a ruined railway terminus on the border between the two zones.
References
Bibliography
Burton, Alan. Historical Dictionary of British Spy Fiction. Rowman & Littlefield, 2016.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1957 British novels
Novels by Sarah Gainham
British thriller novels
British spy novels
Novels set in Berlin
Arthur Barker Limited books
Curtis Harding (born June 11, 1979) is an American singer and songwriter. Primarily a soul artist, his "slop 'n' soul" style carries the influence of genres including blues, gospel, psychedelia, R&B, and rock. His first album, Soul Power (2014), was followed by Face Your Fear in 2017, with production from Danger Mouse and Sam Cohen.
Harding was born in Saginaw, Michigan, and his family settled in Atlanta when he was a teenager. He was exposed to music at an early age as his family toured with his mother, who was a gospel singer. In the 2000s, Harding backed CeeLo Green, and he formed the R&B/garage rock band Night Sun in Atlanta with Black Lips members in 2009.
Early life
Harding was born on June 11, 1979, in Saginaw, Michigan. His father is a mechanic, and his mother, Dorothy, is a gospel singer. He and his five siblings were raised as Mennonites. They moved to Alabama when he was three, then to Arizona, California, Texas, and other parts of the United States. His family had no permanent residence until they settled in Atlanta, Georgia, when he was 14.
His mother toured in a van, stopping to sing at churches and work at homeless shelters. Though he originally wanted to play professional sports, Harding grew up around his mother's music, occasionally joining her on stage as a backing singer until age 15. His family would stay – sometimes for months – at communities with churches of any denomination. Harding's sister, an amateur rapper, introduced him to secular music.
Harding told The Austin Chronicle that growing up around older people – his father is 27 years older than his mother – gave him an early sense of maturity: "My goal when I was a kid was to be an old man. That's what I was around. I wanted to be that old guy sitting on the porch."
Career
2000s collaborations
In Atlanta in the early 2000s, Harding was part of the hip-hop group Proseed. He met singer CeeLo Green while doing promotion for LaFace Records, and he rapped on some songs off Green's 2002 album Cee-Lo Green and His Perfect Imperfections along with several Proseed members. He toured with Green as a backing singer on the 2002 Smokin' Grooves Tour alongside Outkast, Cypress Hill, Lauryn Hill, and The Roots. He also sang on Green's 2010 album The Lady Killer, including co-writing the bonus track "Grand Canyon".
He moved to Toronto in 2008 to reinvigorate his musical creativity. While he was in Canada, he bought a guitar and began writing songs without commercial aspirations. He returned to Atlanta in 2009 and formed the band Night Sun, which mixes rhythm and blues and garage rock, with guitarist Cole Alexander of Black Lips, performing several shows in East Atlanta and Little Five Points. The band's lineup would grow to consist of Harding (vocals, guitar), Alexander (vocals, bass), drummer Joe Bradley of Black Lips, and Night Beats guitarist Danny Lee Blackwell. In 2013, the seasoned underground rock group recorded the single "No Pressure"/"On My Way" for the indie label Burger Records. Harding co-wrote "I Don't Wanna Go Home" with Jared Swilley originally for the Black Lips' 2014 album Underneath the Rainbow.
2014–present: Solo studio albums
Harding spent two weeks at Living Room Studios in Atlanta recording twenty songs in 2014, twelve of which were included on his debut album, titled Soul Power and released by Burger Records on May 6, 2014. The album's reception was generally favorable, with critics noting its fusion of many musical genres. "Keep on Shining" was one of the singles the album produced; he performed the song live on the French talk show C à vous in February 2015.
While at The Growlers' annual Beach Goth festival, Harding met fashion photographer Hedi Slimane. Harding was recruited as the face of Yves Saint Laurent's Paris Music Project for 2015. For the project (in addition to portraits) Slimane produced a video featuring Harding and the song "Next Time" from Soul Power. He also photographed Harding for the album's cover.
His second album, Face Your Fear, was released by Anti- on October 27, 2017. He recorded the album at Danger Mouse's 30th Century Studio in New York City. Face Your Fear spent one week on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart at number 21. NPR Music named the album one of the best ten R&B albums of 2017. Music critic Ken Tucker said that Harding's earnestness in the album, tone and emphasis changes, and direct singing suggest both comfort in and knowledge of classic R&B.
Its opening track, "Wednesday Morning Atonement", was produced by Danger Mouse and Sam Cohen. Recorded on a Wednesday morning, the song is about a father missing his children, a metaphor for Harding's time neglecting to record another album. GQ Shakeil Greeley described the album's title track ("Face Your Fear") as "the rare song that could soundtrack a wedding or a funeral, at once celebratory, sad, groovy, and of course, very soulful." Greeley wrote that the mood of the album ranges from classic soul in "On and On" and "Need Your Love" to sadness in "Welcome to My World", with a cinematic psychedelic feel to other songs. Harding performed "Need Your Love" as a guest musician with Stay Human on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in January 2018.
In advance of Harding's support of Lenny Kravitz on tour throughout 2018, Harding released the single "It's Not Over" on June 5. Clash Robin Murray wrote that the song was "a driven return, a solid return". In 2019, Harding headlined the finale of Spoleto Festival USA in Charleston, South Carolina.
Musical style
Harding describes his genre as "slop 'n' soul", joining soul music with blues, gospel, psychedelia, R&B, and rock. "Slop" symbolizes Southern culture ("that's what you give to pigs"), and soul represents the music of his youth. "Soul is an experience," Harding told GQ magazine in 2017. "It can be in the way you dress, the way you talk, the way you sit down in a chair. It's a feeling that you can translate to someone with whatever you're doing."
His musical style has elements that are not usually found in soul, like synthesizers and a psychedelic feel. Both of his studio albums include soft strings under his "cooing vocals"; on other songs, his "strong, passionate vocal style" moves into the falsetto range with spirited brass blazing. The Orlando Weekly writes:
In addition to his mother, Harding has said that his influences include Mahalia Jackson, MC Lyte, Bob Dylan, Albert King, the Everly Brothers, and Ronnie Dyson. In 2015, Michael Hann of The Guardian cited Harding and Leon Bridges as "the new stars of classic soul" with other modern recording artists having brought the genre back into mainstream culture. Harding believes that soul's popularity is simply cyclical, and that its resurgence is "just the way people are."
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Music videos
Guest appearances
Acting
Harding appears in the third season of Sundance TV drama Hap and Leonard, playing infamous blues musician L.C. Soothe. The season was filmed in late September 2017 in Cedartown, Georgia, and began airing March 7, 2018.
References
Further reading
External links
Living people
1970s births
African-American male singer-songwriters
African-American record producers
Singer-songwriters from Michigan
Record producers from Michigan
Record producers from Georgia (U.S. state)
Musicians from Atlanta
Male actors from Atlanta
21st-century African-American male singers
Singer-songwriters from Georgia (U.S. state)
The cherry blotch miner moth (Phyllonorycter propinquinella) is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Canada (Québec and Nova Scotia) and the United States (Illinois, Ohio, Maine, Maryland, New York, Michigan, Vermont and Connecticut).
The wingspan is 8–9 mm.
The larvae feed on Prunus serotina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
propinquinella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1908
Birgit Sara Mazur, born 8 May 1966, is a Swedish physicist, electrical engineer, and business executive.
Sara Mazur grew up in Stockholm and attended the Royal Institute of Technology, graduating with degrees in 1989 and 1994 in plasma physics. She has worked at Ericsson since 1995. She became vice president and Head of Research in November 2012.
Mazur was elected 2007 as a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. In 2015 she received an honorary doctorate at Luleå University of Technology.
References
External links
IVA-aktuellt 2014:4, pages 8–12.
Swedish physicists
Swedish electrical engineers
Ericsson people
Living people
KTH Royal Institute of Technology alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tkaczyk is a Polish occupational surname meaning "weaver". Notable people with this surname include:
Andrew Tkaczyk, Polish American musician
Cecilia Tkaczyk, Polish American politician
Dariusz Tkaczyk, Polish musician
Grzegorz Tkaczyk (born 1980), Polish handball player
Roman Tkaczyk (born 1954), Polish gymnast
Waldemar Tkaczyk, Polish musician
See also
Tkacz
Polish-language surnames
Imma psithyristis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
The wingspan is 23–24 mm. The forewings are rather dark purplish-fuscous, strewn throughout with fine pale ochreous-fuscous strigulae and with a dark fuscous discal dot at three-fifths. The hindwings are rather dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of the Solomon islands
Lepidodactylus manni, also known commonly as the Fiji scaly-toed gecko or the Viti forest gecko, is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Fiji.
Etymology
The specific name, manni, is in honor of William Montana Mann, who was an American entomologist and zoo director.
Geographic range
L. manni is found on the following islands in Fiji: Kadavu, Rabi, and Viti Levu.
Reproduction
L. manni is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Morrison, Clare (2003). A Field Guide to the Herpetofauna of Fiji. Suva, Fiji: Institute of Applied Sciences, University of the South Pacific. 121 pp.
Schmidt KP (1923). "A List of Fijian Lizards". Copeia 1923 (116): 50–52. (Lepidodactylus manni, new species).
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1923
Cape Runaway is the eastern extremity of the Bay of Plenty in New Zealand's North Island. It is located 157 kilometres northeast off Whakatāne and 65 kilometres west of East Cape.
The name Cape Runaway was bestowed by English mariner James Cook during his first voyage of discovery in 1769. It was so named after Māori in canoes who had approached Cooks' ship Endeavour in a hostile manner scurried off after a cannon shot was fired.
Demographics
The statistical area of Cape Runaway, which covers 1,569 square kilometres and includes Tōrere, Hāwai, Ōmāio, Te Kaha, Papatea Bay and Raukokore, had a population of 1,449 at the 2018 New Zealand census, a decrease of 84 people (-5.5%) since the 2013 census, and a decrease of 231 people (-13.8%) since the 2006 census. There were 579 households. There were 711 males and 738 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.96 males per female. The median age was 46 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 297 people (20.5%) aged under 15 years, 201 (13.9%) aged 15 to 29, 657 (45.3%) aged 30 to 64, and 294 (20.3%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 27.1% European/Pākehā, 85.7% Māori, 3.7% Pacific peoples, and 0.4% Asian (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 5.4%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 29.0% had no religion, 41.0% were Christian, 0.2% were Hindu, 0.2% were Muslim, 0.4% were Buddhist and 24.4% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 129 (11.2%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 294 (25.5%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $20,400, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 477 (41.4%) people were employed full-time, 177 (15.4%) were part-time, and 78 (6.8%) were unemployed.
Marae
Whangaparāōa Marae, located near Cape Runaway, is a traditional meeting place for Te Whānau-ā-Apanui's hapū of Te Whānau a Kauaetangohia.
It includes Kauaetangohia or Te Putahou meeting house
Education
Te Kura Mana Maori o Whangaparaoa is a co-educational Māori immersion primary school, with a roll of as of
References
Ōpōtiki District
Landforms of the Bay of Plenty Region
Runaway
Populated places in the Bay of Plenty Region
Multuggerah was an Aboriginal Australian leader and resistance fighter of the Ugarapul nation from the Lockyer Valley in Queensland. He was an important warrior and negotiator, bringing numerous Aboriginal clans together in an armed resistance against the 99th (Lanarkshire) Regiment of Foot, squatters and the squatters' servants and other workers in the 1840s.
Resistance
From 1841 over the course of decades, 1200 Aboriginal warriors in the Colony of New South Wales in the Lockyer Valley area (which became part of the Colony of Queensland from 1859), were opposed by, amongst others, the 99th (Lanarkshire) Regiment of Foot. Intermittent conflict continued on into the 1850s and 1860s. The line of settlement was held back by 15 years of armed conflict. Multeggerah's tactics included road blocks made from felled trees, and setting an ambush site on a steep hill and in amongst bogs and heavy scrub.
Multeggerah was said by some to have lived to old age; but possibly died in 1846 as part of the continuing conflict.
Battle of One Tree Hill
The mass poisoning at Kilcoy Station instigated a strengthening of resistance activity. Multeggerah organised ambushes of the supply drays on their way up the escarpment from the coast; "He had sent word to the Europeans, warning them not to come through."
In September 1843 an armed convoy of three drays with a crew of 18 was stopped and turned back. A counter attack against the Aboriginal battle group by more than 30 squatters and their servants was also turned back from the high ground by the use of spears and thrown rocks.
Legacy
The viaduct on the Warrego Highway section of the Toowoomba Second Range Crossing was named in honour of Multuggerah.
See also
Australian frontier wars
References
Further reading
18th-century conflicts
Military history of Australia
History of Australia (1788–1850)
History of Australia (1851–1900)
Violence against Aboriginal Australians
People of the Australian frontier wars
19th-century Australian people
Australian guerrillas
Year of birth missing
Rickey Paulding (born October 23, 1982) is an American former professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the University of Missouri.
Early career
Paulding attended Renaissance High School in Detroit. In his senior season, he averaged 25.3 points per game, and 12 rebounds per game, and led his team to a 27-3 record. He was an honorable mention All-USA selection during that season as well.
College career
In his collegiate career, Paulding scored 1,200 points and grabbed 300 rebounds. Paulding scored 37 points and making an astounding nine threes against Dwyane Wade, Travis Diener and the Marquette Golden Eagles in the Tigers' loss in the second round of the NCAA tournament his junior year. He opted to return for his senior season.
Professional career
Paulding was drafted 54th overall in the second round of the 2004 NBA Draft by the Detroit Pistons. Paulding averaged 12.2 points per game in the NBA Summer League for the Pistons.
At the end of 2021–22 season, he has decided to retire from professional basketball.
Career statistics
Bundesliga
Regular Season
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2007–08
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 31 || 32.5 || .489 || .389 || .695 || 3.5 || 1.5 || 1.2 || 1.9 || 12.5 || 11.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#AFE6BA;" | 2008–09
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 34 || 33.1 || .509 || .450 || .742 || 4.4 || 1.8 || 1.5 || 0.4 || 14.8 || 15.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2009–10
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 33 || 33 || 33.3 || .435 || .351 || .731 || 3.2 || 2.3 || 1.0 || 0.6 || 13.5 || 11.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2010–11
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 33 || style="background:#cfecec;"| 35.2 || .425 || .302 || .806 || 4.1 || 2.3 || 1.0 || 0.4 || 12.6 || 11.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2011–12
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 34 || 31.1 || .468 || .402 || .836 || 3.8 || 1.8 || 0.7 || 0.5 || 12.4 || 12.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2012–13
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 34 || 27.0 || .484 || .423 || .795 || 3.4 || 1.9 || 0.9 || 0.2 || 12.4 || 12.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2013–14
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 34 || 27.5 || .467 || .439 || .800 || 3.9 || 2.2 || 0.9 || 0.3 || 13.9 || 13.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 34 || 26.6 || .477 || .409 || .762 || 3.4 || 2.7 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 11.2 || 11.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 33 || 33 || 30.2 || .500 || .408 || .744 || 3.0 || 3.0 || 0.8 || 0.4 || 13.2 || 13.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 32 || 32 || 31.3 || .480|| .423 || .841 || 2.8 || 2.1 || 0.8 || 0.2 || 16.0 || 13.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 34 || 31.1 || .487 || .345 || .883 || 3.2 || 1.8 || 1.0 || 0.2 || 14.7 || 14.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 34 || 30.5 || .487 || .397 || .893 || 3.7 || 1.8 || 0.9 || 0.5 || 13.2 || 14.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 20 || 20 || 30.0 || .459 || .333 || .896 || 2.6 || 1.4 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 15.8 || 12.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 34 || 25.8 || .499 || .383 || .825 || 2.4 || 1.2 || 0.9 || 0.2 || 15.5 || 13.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2021–22
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 34 || 19 || 26.3 || .584 || .374 || .860 || 2.6 || 1.6 || 1.1 || 0.2 || 11.9 || 11.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 492 || 473 || 30.3 || .480 || .390 || .805 || 3.4 || 2.0 || 0.9 || 0.3 || 13.5 || 12.8
|}
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2007–08
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 8 || 8 || 36.9 || .506 || .345 || .579 || 4.4 || 1.3 || 0.8 || 0.0 || 13.4 || 12.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#AFE6BA;" | 2008–09
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 12 || 12 || 36.5 || .493 || .493 || .732 || 4.3 || 1.2 || 1.3 || 0.1 || 17.9 || 15.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2009–10
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 4 || 4 || 35.5 || .688 || .191 || .739 || 1.8 || 1.5 || 1.3 || 0.0 || 12.8 || 8.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2010–11
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 5 || 5 || 35.6 || .435 || .333 || .783 || 3.0 || 2.8 || 1.2 || 0.8 || 13.2 || 12.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2012–13
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 11 || 11 || 35.6 || .465 || .420 || .941 || 2.9 || 0.7 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 11.7 || 10.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2013–14
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 10 || 10 || 32.7 || .390 || .229 || .647 || 4.3 || 1.3 || 1.0 || 0.3 || 10.8 || 9.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 3 || 3 || 33.3 || .400 || .364 || .933 || 2.7 || 2.3 || 0.7 || 0.0 || 12.7 || 10.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 4 || 4 || 33.8 || .574 || .483 || .824 || 2.3 || 1.5 || 0.8 || 0.3 || 22.5 || 18.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 12 || 12 || 32.2 || .497 || .444 || .816 || 2.3 || 3.3 || 0.9 || 0.1 || 16.6 || 15.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 5 || 5 || 34.7 || .500 || .421 || .700 || 4.4 || 1.2 || 1.4 || 0.0 || 17.2 || 15.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 6 || 6 || 33.8 || .450 || .310 || .778 || 4.7 || 1.8 || 1.3 || 0.2 || 12.8 || 13.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 8 || 8 || 26.7 || .361 || .273 || .783 || 2.1 || 1.9 || 0.1 || 0.4 || 10.9 || 7.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 4 || 4 || 29.0 || .418 || .261 || .813 || 2.5 || 2.0 || 0.8 || 0.3 || 16.3 || 12.8
|}
BBL-Pokal
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#AFE6BA;" | 2015
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 2 || 2 || 29.3 || .471 || .406 || .807 || 3.4 || 2.7 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 7.0 || 11.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2016
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 1 || 1 || 30.0 || .500 || .000 || 1.000 || 4.0 || 2.9 || 0.8 || 0.4 || 14.2 || 13.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2019
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 1 || 1 || 32.7 || .636 || .667 || .000 || 5.0 || 1.0 || 1.0 || 0.4 || 18.0 || 14.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2020
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 4 || 4 || 30.8 || .429 || .571 || .867 || 3.5 || 2.3 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 13.5 || 12.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2021
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 2 || 2 || 24.6 || .417 || .364 || .000 || 2.5 || 2.0 || 0.0 || 1.0 || 12.0 || 8.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2022
| style="text-align:left;" | Oldenburg
| 1|| 1 || 32.2 || .380 || .500 || 1.000 || 3.0 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 1.0 || 10.0 || 10.0
|}
Awards and honors
2003 Wooden Award pre-season finalist
2003 Second Team All Big 12
Scored 36 points in the NCAA Tournament against Marquette.
Made 9 three-point field goals against Marquette
7th Highest all-time scorer at Mizzou.
Most points ever scored on former NBA player Dwyane Wade in a single NCAA game.
Starter for the Northern All-Star Team in the Basketball Bundesliga All-Star Games 2009-2011.
2009 BBL Finals MVP after leading EWE Baskets Oldenburg to the league title.
Most Likeable Player of the 2008/2009 Basketball Bundesliga Season
References
External links
Missouri Tigers bio
1982 births
Living people
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American men's basketball players
ASVEL Basket players
Basketball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Basketball players from Detroit
BCM Gravelines players
Detroit Pistons draft picks
Detroit Pistons players
EWE Baskets Oldenburg players
Hapoel Jerusalem B.C. players
Israeli Basketball Premier League players
Missouri Tigers men's basketball players
Pan American Games competitors for the United States
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Renaissance High School alumni
Riesen Ludwigsburg players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
S.Oliver Würzburg players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Patrick Rafter and Bryan Shelton were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
Joshua Eagle and Andrew Florent won the title, defeating Ellis Ferreira and Rick Leach 6–4, 6–7, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
Todd Woodbridge / Mark Woodforde (quarterfinals)
Ellis Ferreira / Rick Leach (final)
Neil Broad / Piet Norval (first round)
Patrick Galbraith / Brett Steven (quarterfinals)
Draw
Finals
References
Next Generation Adelaide International
1998 ATP Tour
1998 in Australian tennis
Prime series is a digital television channel, one of seven owned by Prime, part of Telenet. The channel, which is viewable only in Belgium, chiefly shows drama series made elsewhere by, amongst others, Home Box Office (HBO) and the American Broadcasting Company (ABC).
Most programs can be viewed again by way of the Prime à la carte on-demand facility.
References
Television channels in Flanders
Television channels in Belgium
Liberty Global
Wu Shaocong (; born 20 March 2000) is a Chinese professional footballer currently playing as a centre-back or left-back for Chinese Super League club Guangzhou F.C.
Club career
After being selected for the Chinese U17 team he would play a game on 10 May 2016 against Iran U17 in a 2-1 defeat, his performance impressed Japanese football club Shimizu S-Pulse. On 30 March 2018 Wu would make his move abroad when he joined top tier club Shimizu S-Pulse's youth team. On 3 February 2019 Wu returned to China when he joined top tier club Guangzhou Evergrande who immediately loaned him to second tier Japanese club Kyoto Sanga. Despite being promoted to the senior team he did not receive any playing time for Kyoto Sanga and returned to Guangzhou. He made his debut for the senior team on 1 December 2019 in the last game of the season against Shanghai Shenhua, where he came on as a late substitute in a 3–0 victory.
On 16 October 2020, Wu scored his first career goal in a 3-1 win over Hebei China Fortune in the Quarter-finals of the 2020 Chinese Super League.
International career
On 24 July 2022, Wu made his international debut in a 0-0 draw against Japan in the 2022 EAFF E-1 Football Championship, as the Chinese FA decided to field the U-23 national team for this senior competition.
Career statistics
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
China youth international footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Chinese Super League players
Shimizu S-Pulse players
Kyoto Sanga FC players
Guangzhou F.C. players
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Casimire of Anhalt-Dessau (19 January 1749, Dessau – 8 November 1778, Detmold) was a princess of Anhalt-Dessau by birth and the Countess of Lippe-Detmold by marriage.
Life
Casimire was a daughter of Prince Leopold II Maximilian of Anhalt-Dessau (1700–1751) from his marriage to Gisela Agnes (1722–1751), daughter of Prince Leopold of Anhalt-Köthen. She had a particularly close relationship with her sisters Agnes and Marie Leopoldine, with whom she mostly lived together, even after her marriage, and with whom she conducted an extensive correspondence when they were not together.
She married on 9 November 1769 in Dessau Count Simon August of Lippe-Detmold (1727–1782), widower of her sister Marie Leopoldine, who had died in April that year. She was religiously tolerant and socially engaged. She was involved in a number of administrative issues and she planned reforms in Lippe, some of which she managed to implement. She had significant influence on her husband and became the mainstay of the reforms sought by Chancellor Hoffmann. Casimire was involved in care for the poor and health care and education. In 1775 she founded the "Patriotic Society" one of the oldest rural credit institutions in Germany.
Descendants
From her marriage with Simon August, Casimire had a son:
Casimir August (1777–1809), Prince of Lippe-Detmold
External links
References and sources
Eva Labouvie: Schwestern und Freundinnen: zur Kulturgeschichte weiblicher Kommunikation, Böhlau Verlag, Cologne / Weimar, 2009, p. 321 ff
Gottlob Friedrich Wilhelm Chapon: Leben und letzte Stunden der weiland Durchlauchtigsten Fürstinn Casimire, Regierenden Gräfinn und Edlen Frau zur Lippe, geb. Prinzessinn zu Anhalt, Lemgo, 1780, LLB Detmold
1749 births
1778 deaths
Casimire
Countesses of Lippe-Detmold
Team 4 was a British architectural firm, established in 1963 by architecture graduates from Su Brumwell, Wendy Cheesman, Norman Foster and Richard Rogers. Friction emerged within the firm, and by June 1967, Foster and Rogers decided to dissolve the firm.
The practice originally included Wendy Cheesman's sister Georgie Wolton (née Cheesman) who, as the only qualified architect of the group, allowed the practice to function. Georgie Cheeseman left after only a few months, leaving the remaining members to try to pass their professional exams while continuing to practice.
Rogers, Foster and Brumwell had first met while studying at Yale University. Rogers and Brumwell later married, as did Foster and Cheesman.
Notable projects
One of the first projects for Team 4 was a commission from Su Brumwell's parents, Marcus and Irene Brumwell, to build a new house in Feock, Cornwall, called Creek Vean. They sold a Piet Mondrian painting bought from the artist in the 1930s, to fund the new house. Marcus Brumwell was the founder of the Design Research Unit. Creek Vean took 3 years to construct and was completed in 1966. It became the first ever house to win a Royal Institute of British Architects Award.
Creek Vean is a listed building, having been listed Grade II in 1998, and subsequently upgraded to Grade II*. It is listed as "Creekvean and Attached Entrance Bridge and Walls to Road, Feock".
Team 4 designed Skybreak House in Radlett, Hertfordshire. It was built between 1965 and 1966, and the interior of the house was used in the film A Clockwork Orange. The final project for Team 4 was the Reliance Controls building in Swindon, which was completed in 1967, just before Team 4 dissolved. It was noteworthy as it removed the separation of management and workforce by creating a common entrance and canteen.
Rogers claims a planning scheme of 120 houses for Water Homes, at Coulsdon, Surrey, to be "probably the most important project of our Team 4 period".
Foster would later establish Foster Associates and Rogers established the Richard Rogers Partnership.
See also
List of architecture firms
References
Architecture firms of the United Kingdom
Design companies established in 1963
Norman Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank
Richard Rogers
1963 establishments in England
1967 disestablishments in England
Emmanuel Episcopal Church is an Episcopal Church in Alexandria, Virginia in the city's North Ridge neighborhood. Emmanuel Church is a parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia.
History
In 1908, G.P. Christian and J. H. Gibbony, two students at the Virginia Theological Seminary, organized a Sunday School for children in what was known as the Braddock Heights area of Alexandria.
In 1910, a chapel was built as the Braddock Heights Episcopal Mission. During the 1911 Christmas holidays, the two seminarians serving at the mission decided to name the church "Emmanuel" after the Virginia Theological Seminary Chapel. In 1922, Emmanuel Episcopal Church acquired independent status with the Rev. Samuel A. Wallis.
In 1944, the then Rector of Emmanuel, the Rev. Edward Tate, founded the Episcopal School, St. Stephen's School for Boys. Tate resigned from Emmanuel in 1945 to become headmaster. Throughout its history, Emmanuel has maintained a close relationship with both the Virginia Theological Seminary, and St. Stephen's (now known as St. Stephen's & St. Agnes).
In 1968, Emmanuel established the Emmanuel Episcopal Preschool. Emmanuel's Preschool is located within Emmanuel and serves children aged two through five years old.
In 2002, under the leadership of the Rev. Daniel W. Eckman, Jr., Emmanuel underwent an extensive $2 million building renovation of the entire complex including the sacristy, the memorial room, the parish hall and Emmanuel Preschool.
Current practice
Today, the parish proclaims itself to be committed to worship and preaching, ministry to children, and outreach to the community and the world. Emmanuel Church has an active service ministry with many local outreach activities focused on feeding, education, housing, and welcoming refugee families. The church also maintains a strong connection to its partner parish, Sainte Croix in the Episcopal Diocese of Haiti located in Léogâne, Haiti.
The parish is inclusive and diverse, made up of people of all ages and backgrounds, young families with children, retirees, singles, and teenagers.
According to its website, its mission is to worship and serve God so that all people may experience and grow in God's love, acceptance and grace. It strives to “meet the needs of families and individuals, in our community and beyond, in the spirit of love, friendship, compassion, fellowship and fun.”
Worship
Worship services are at 8:00 a.m. and 10:30 a.m. Sundays. Emmanuel Church uses Rite II from the Book of Common Prayer for worship services.
Architecture
The current church building was constructed in 1910 in Gothic Revival style. The most significant element inside the sanctuary is the cross-beam, or scissor truss, timber ceiling.
References
External links
Emmanuel Episcopal Church website
Emmanuel Preschool website
Episcopal churches in Virginia
Episcopal schools in Virginia
Churches in Alexandria, Virginia
Tessaro is an Italian occupational surname meaning "weaver". Notable people with the surname include:
Kathleen Tessaro (born 1965), American author
Raphael Tessaro Schettino (born 1985), Brazilian footballer
Italian-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Cuddington Meadows is a 1.4 hectare Local Nature Reserve and Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade I, in Belmont in the London Borough of Sutton. It is owned by Sutton Council and managed by the council together with Sutton Nature Conservation Volunteers.
The site was shown as two enclosures on the open Banstead Downs on an early nineteenth-century map, and it was later part of Walnut Tree Farm, which became Cuddington Hospital in 1897. The hospital closed in 1984, and in the late 1990s the land was transferred to Sutton Council to be managed for nature conservation.
It is mainly chalk grassland with some scrub. Its most important feature is a variety of unusual flowering plants, including greater knapweed, lady's bedstraw and field scabious. Sixteen species of butterflies have been recorded, such as the rare small blue and green hairstreak.
There is access from Cuddington Park Close.
References
Local nature reserves in Greater London
Meadows in Greater London
Jamil Benouahi (; born 30 March 1979 in Fez) is a Moroccan former football player and a current manager. Benouahi have spent most of his playing career in Belgium, obtaining Belgian nationality after arriving in the country in 1997. From the start of his career, the young defensive midfielder turned to the other side of the mirror training young people, the bench. 25 years later he saw his first real experience as a head coach in a big club at USM Alger.
Career
Managerial career
On February 9, 2022, USM Alger contracted with Zlatko Krmpotić to be the new coach and to be his assistant Jamil Benouahi. and with the successive negative results Achour Djelloul, the club's president, decided to dismiss Krmpotić from his position. and decided to rely on his assistant Benouahi to complete the season. His start was good as Benouahi led the club to its first victory after two months, after which in the Algiers Derby, Benouahi achieved an important and unexpected victory that allows the club to search for a continental participation, and after the fifth win in a row Benouahi stated that he wishes to stay in the club, but the decision is up to them and that he has become a fan of this team. At the end of the season Benouahi declared that they had a difficult week after the death of Billel Benhammouda. and we achieved the goal of qualifying for the Confederation Cup next season, and that he would return to his family and see his children and wait for the administration's decision about his future. On July 6, 2022, it is official Benouahi extended his contract for another year to remain the head coach for the new season. On August 4, 2022 The leaders of USM Alger have put an end to the functions of the technical staff of Benouahi, were dismissed from their posts after a hearing before the disciplinary board.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Moroccan football managers
USM Alger managers
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 managers
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
R. Wallonia Walhain Chaumont-Gistoux players
R.A.A. Louviéroise players
UR La Louvière Centre players
K Beerschot VA players
Belgian First Division A players
K.R.C. Mechelen players
Francs Borains players
Higashitaniguchi-ike is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is km2. The dam impounds about 1 ha of land when full and can store 11 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1937.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
Niphanda is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae and only member of the Niphandini tribe. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm and the Palearctic realm. The genus was erected by Frederic Moore in 1875.
Species
Niphanda asialis (de Nicéville, 1895) India to Peninsular Malaya, South Yunnan, Sumatra, Java
Niphanda cymbia de Nicéville, [1884]
Niphanda fusca (Bremer & Grey, 1853) Amur, Ussuri, Transbaikalia, NorthEast China, Japan
Niphanda stubbsi Howarth, 1956 Peninsular Malaya.
Niphanda tessellata Moore, [1875] Burma, Thailand, Malay Peninsula, Sundaland, Philippines
Niphanda anthenoides Okubo, 2007 Philippines (Mindanao)
References
External links
Funet Taxonomy Distribution Images
Images representing Niphanda at Bold
Lycaenidae genera
Rene Marie Russo (born February 17, 1954) is an American actress and model. She began her career as a fashion model in the 1970s, appearing on magazine covers such as Vogue and Cosmopolitan. She made her film debut in the 1989 comedy Major League, and rose to international prominence in a number of thrillers and action films throughout the 1990s, including Lethal Weapon 3 (1992), In the Line of Fire (1993), Outbreak (1995), Get Shorty (1995), Ransom (1996), Lethal Weapon 4 (1998), and The Thomas Crown Affair (1999).
After headlining the family comedy Yours, Mine & Ours (2005), Russo took a five-year break from acting. She returned to the screen as Frigga, the mother of the titular hero, in the superhero film Thor (2011), a role she reprised in Thor: The Dark World (2013) and Avengers: Endgame (2019). In 2014, Russo starred in the acclaimed crime thriller Nightcrawler, for which she won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. She has also appeared in The Intern (2015), Just Getting Started (2017), and Velvet Buzzsaw (2019).
Early life and education
Russo was born in 1954 Burbank, California, to Shirley (née Balocca), a factory worker and barmaid, and Nino Russo, a sculptor and car mechanic who left the family when Russo was two. Her father was of Italian descent, while her mother had Italian, German, and English ancestry. Russo grew up with her mother and her sister, Toni (who was married to lyricist Bernie Taupin between 1979 and 1991), and attended Burroughs High School, where her classmates included director Ron Howard. She was plagued with scoliosis and had to wear a full-torso brace. Her tall height also earned her the nickname "Jolly Green Giant" from her classmates. In a 2019 interview with Financial Times, she indeed described herself as a "geek", and admitted that the bullying she endured during high school made her drop out in the tenth grade. Growing up, Russo did not have any "ambitions", remarking that she "was too busy just trying to survive, along with my sister and my mom —money was tight, my mom worked two jobs". She began taking a variety of part-time jobs to help her family, including working in an eyeglass factory and as a movie theater cashier. She eventually got scouted for modelling and went to New York City, which she described as a "scary place compared to where I grew up".
Career
1970s–1980s
After allegedly being spotted at a 1972 Rolling Stones concert by John Crosby, an agent from International Creative Management, Russo originally began her career as a model. With Crosby's encouragement, Russo applied to, and was signed by, Ford Modeling Agency. She became one of the top models of the 1970s and early 1980s, appearing on magazine covers for Vogue, Mademoiselle, and Cosmopolitan, as well as advertisements for perfume and cosmetics. Vogue in a 2016 article, wrote: "In the '70s, Russo stood for a sexiness that was both accessible and aspirational: She could vamp it up with the best of them, posing for Francesco Scavullo in decadent furs, or swathed in Versace for Richard Avedon, but Russo wasn't your average pinup. The poise she brought to her images made her the first choice for editorial shoots that demanded models with tenacity, whether she was bound for the boardroom in a power suit or posing on a beach with Tony Spinelli".
Demand for her as a model began to wane as she entered her 30s. She did a few more commercials and then turned her back on modeling for a period of time. She studied theater and acting, and began appearing in theater roles at small theaters in Los Angeles and elsewhere in California. At one point, she took acting lessons from veteran actor Allan Rich, whom she credits with introducing her to the craft of acting. Russo made her debut in a television series in 1987, with a supporting role in the short-lived ABC production Sable, based on the comic book, Jon Sable: Freelance by Mike Grell. She made her feature film debut as the girlfriend of a former baseball star in Major League, a comedy written and directed by David S. Ward. The film was a critical success.
1990s
In 1990, Russo appeared in the fantasy comedy film Mr. Destiny, with Jim Belushi, playing the wife in what was an alternate reality of an ordinary guy's life. In 1991, she had her first leading film role in One Good Cop, as the wife of a New York City Police Department detective (played by Michael Keaton). In 1992, Russo achieved breakout success with her role as internal affairs detective Lorna Cole, opposite Mel Gibson and Danny Glover, in the action film Lethal Weapon 3. The film made US$320 million worldwide, becoming the fifth highest-grossing film of 1992 and the highest-grossing film in the Lethal Weapon film series. Her other 1992 film release was the science fiction film Freejack, which despite an overall negative response, earned Russo a nomination for the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Throughout the 1990s, Russo took on major roles in a number of commercially and critically successful films. In 1993, she starred with Clint Eastwood in the thriller film In the Line of Fire, directed by Wolfgang Petersen, playing a federal agent involved with the sole active-duty Secret Service agent remaining from the detail guarding John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas, at the time of his assassination in 1963. The film made US$176.9 million globally, and received three Academy Awards nominations. In 1995, Petersen cast her as a medical doctor, who uncovers a newly discovered Ebola-like virus which came to the United States from Africa in an infected monkey, in the medical disaster film Outbreak, with Dustin Hoffman. The film grossed over US$189 million worldwide. She starred as a B movie actress, opposite John Travolta, in the crime comedy Get Shorty, directed by Barry Sonnenfeld. Upon its release, Get Shorty opened atop at the North American box office and remained number one for three consecutive weeks.
In 1996, Russo played a clinical psychologist and the love interest of a former golf prodigy with little ambition in the romantic comedy Tin Cup, with Kevin Costner, and reunited with Mel Gibson to play his wife in the crime thriller Ransom, directed by Ron Howard. While Tin Cup was a moderate commercial success, Ransom was the 6th highest-grossing film of 1996, with a worldwide gross of US$309.5 million. In 1997, Russo portrayed exotic animal owner Gertrude Lintz in the little-seen comedy Buddy, and in 1998, reprised her role in Lethal Weapon 4, the final film in the series, which made US$285.4 million. In 1999, she starred as an insurance investigator and the lover of a billionaire, alongside Pierce Brosnan, in the heist film The Thomas Crown Affair directed by John McTiernan. Critic Kenneth Turan, in his review for the film, wrote: "[Her] smart, gritty performance is the best thing about this remake of the stylish caper movie Thomas Crown." The production grossed US$124.3 million worldwide.
2000s
In 2000, Russo obtained the role of villain Natasha Fatale, opposite Robert De Niro and Piper Perabo, in the adventure comedy The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle, directed by Des McAnuff and based on the television cartoon of the same name by Jay Ward. The film received mixed reviews from critics and went largely unnoticed at the box office. For her portrayal, she received a Saturn Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and conversely, a Razzie Award nomination for Worst Supporting Actress. She reunited with De Niro to play the producer of a reality police show in the comedy Showtime (2002), also starring Eddie Murphy. Budgeted at US$85 million, the film grossed US$77.7 million.
The comedy Big Trouble, which was based on the novel by Dave Barry and featured her as a devoted mother, was originally scheduled for release on September 21, 2001, and had a strong advertising push. The events of September 11 of that year cast a pall over the movie's comedic smuggling of a nuclear device onto an airplane. Consequently, the film was pushed back until 2002, and the promotion campaign was toned down almost to the point of abandonment. The film came to theaters and left quickly afterwards, without generating much of an impact.
Russo starred in and produced the film Two for the Money (2005), with Al Pacino and Matthew McConaughey, playing the wife of a sports gambling agent. In Yours, Mine & Ours (also 2005), Russo starred with Dennis Quaid, as a widowed handbag designer with ten kids. While Film Journal International felt that the "secret to the film's modest success can be summed up" in Russo and Quaid's performances, Daily Radar wrote that "the able-bodied actors fulfill the slapstick demands of this run-of-the-mill family comedy based on the 1968 movie with Henry Fonda and Lucille Ball". Despite receiving overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics, the film made over US$72 million worldwide and marked her only commercial success in the decade. Following its release, Russo took a five-year hiatus from acting, opting to focus on her health and personal life.
2010s
In 2010, Russo returned to the screen in the superhero film Thor, released in 2011, after being persuaded by director Kenneth Branagh in December 2009, who asked her to portray Frigga, the mother of the titular hero. However, most of her scenes were removed in editing. She received more screen time in Thor: The Dark World (2013). She credited those films, which made more than US$1 billion combined, with introducing her to a new generation of filmgoers. "The funny thing is now I have kids coming up to me, and I'm thinking, 'how do you know my movies?' And they say, 'That's Thor'''s mummy'."
In 2014, Russo appeared as a morning news director, alongside Jake Gyllenhaal, in the crime thriller Nightcrawler, written and directed by her husband Dan Gilroy. The film was met with widespread praise and several critics listed it as one of the best films of 2014. Indiewire asserted: "Russo is an integral part of the narrative and she gives as good as she gets. The role is easily her finest in several years and the rich material uncorks a wealth of inventiveness from the actress. There are not a lot of imaginatively drawn roles for aging women, but Russo sinks her teeth into the role of a coldblooded vampiress protective of her own uncertain hold in the newsroom." Budgeted at US$8.5 million, the film grossed US$50.3 million.
Russo portrayed a groupie and the mother of director G.J. Echternkamp in his independent comedy Frank and Cindy (2015), based on the 2007 documentary of the same name. In 2015, she reunited once again with Robert De Niro, playing an in-house massage therapist and his love interest, in the comedy The Intern, directed by Nancy Meyers. The New York Post and The Washington Post found her to be a highlight in her role, and the film grossed US$194.6 million globally. Russo starred with Morgan Freeman and Tommy Lee Jones in another comedy, Just Getting Started (2017), as the regional director of the luxury resort Villa Capri in Palm Springs, California. Variety felt that the three actors "do little more than embarrass themselves here", as part of an overall negative response.
In Velvet Buzzsaw (2019), Russo worked again with Jake Gyllenhaal and Dan Gilroy, playing a tough art gallery owner haunted by the mysterious nature of a series of paintings by an unknown artist. The film was released by Netflix, to positive reviews. She briefly reprised her role of Frigga in Avengers: Endgame.
Personal life
Russo married screenwriter Dan Gilroy on March 14, 1992. They met while working on the film Freejack (1992). They have one daughter, Rose, who has ventured into modelling, and live in Brentwood, California.
Russo revealed during a 2014 taping of The Queen Latifah Show'' that she has bipolar disorder. While the condition has plagued her since childhood, an emotionally turbulent time prompted her to start taking medication, despite initial apprehension.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
See also
List of people with bipolar disorder
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from Burbank, California
American female models
American film actresses
American people of English descent
American people of German descent
American people of Italian descent
American television actresses
People from Burbank, California
People with bipolar disorder
People from Brentwood, Los Angeles
Christians from California
List comprehension is a syntactic construct available in some programming languages for creating a list based on existing lists. It follows the form of the mathematical set-builder notation (set comprehension) as distinct from the use of map and filter functions.
Examples of list comprehension
Boo
List with all the doubles from 0 to 10 (exclusive)
doubles = [i*2 for i in range(10)]
List with the names of the customers based in Rio de Janeiro
rjCustomers = [customer.Name for customer in customers if customer.State == "RJ"]
C#
var ns = from x in Enumerable.Range(0, 100)
where x * x > 3
select x * 2;
The previous code is syntactic sugar for the following code written using lambda expressions:
var ns = Enumerable.Range(0, 100)
.Where(x => x * x > 3)
.Select(x => x * 2);
Ceylon
Filtering numbers divisible by 3:
value divisibleBy3 = { for (i in 0..100) if (i%3==0) i };
// type of divisibleBy3 is Iterable<Integer>
Multiple "generators":
value triples = { for (x in 0..20) for (y in x..20) for (z in y..20) if (x*x + y*y == z*z) [x,y,z] };
// type of triples is Iterable<Integer[3]>
Clojure
An infinite lazy sequence:
(for [x (iterate inc 0)
:when (> (* x x) 3)]
(* 2 x))
A list comprehension using multiple generators:
(for [x (range 20)
y (range 20)
z (range 20)
:when (== (+ (* x x) (* y y)) (* z z))]
[x y z])
CoffeeScript
largeNumbers = (number for number in list when number > 100)
Common Lisp
List comprehensions can be expressed with the loop macro's collect keyword. Conditionals are expressed with if, as follows:
(loop for x from 0 to 100 if (> (* x x) 3) collect (* 2 x))
Cobra
List the names of customers:
names = for cust in customers get cust.name
List the customers with balances:
names = for cust in customers where cust.balance > 0
List the names of customers with balances:
names = for cust in customers where cust.balance > 0 get cust.name
The general forms:
for VAR in ENUMERABLE [where CONDITION] get EXPR
for VAR in ENUMERABLE where CONDITION
Note that by putting the condition and expression after the variable name and enumerable object, editors and IDEs can provide autocompletion on the members of the variable.
Dart
[for (var i in range(0, 100)) if (i * i > 3) i * 2]
var pyth = [
for (var x in range(1, 20))
for (var y in range(x, 20))
for (var z in range(y, 20)) if (x * x + y * y == z * z) [x, y, z]
];
Iterable<int> range(int start, int end) =>
List.generate(end - start, (i) => start + i);
Elixir
for x <- 0..100, x * x > 3, do: x * 2
Erlang
L = lists:seq(0,100).
S = [2*X || X <- L, X*X > 3].
F#
Lazily-evaluated sequences:
seq { for x in 0 .. 100 do if x*x > 3 then yield 2*x }
Or, for floating point values
seq { for x in 0. .. 100. do if x**2. > 3. then yield 2.*x }
Lists and arrays:
[ for x in 0. .. 100. do if x**2. > 3. then yield 2.*x ]
[| for x in 0. .. 100. do if x**2. > 3. then yield 2.*x |]
List comprehensions are the part of a greater family of language constructs called computation expressions.
Groovy
(0..100).findAll{ x -> x * x > 3 }.collect { x -> 2 * x }
Haskell
[x * 2 | x <- [0 .. 99], x * x > 3]
An example of a list comprehension using multiple generators:
pyth = [(x,y,z) | x <- [1..20], y <- [x..20], z <- [y..20], x^2 + y^2 == z^2]
Io
By using Range object, Io language can create list as easy as in other languages:
Range 0 to(100) asList select(x, x*x>3) map(*2)
ISLISP
List comprehensions can be expressed with the for special form. Conditionals are expressed with if, as follows:
(for ((x 0 (+ x 1))
(collect ()))
((>= x 100) (reverse collect))
(if (> (* x x) 3)
(setq collect (cons (* x 2) collect))))
Java
Java with the Streams API, which includes the IntStream interface which allows operations like the following:
List<Integer> ns = IntStream.range(0, 100)
.filter(x -> x * x > 3)
.map(x -> x * 2)
.boxed().collect(Collectors.toList());
JavaScript
[...new Array(100).keys()].filter(x => x**2 > 3).map(x => 2 * x);
Julia
Julia supports comprehensions using the syntax:
y = [x^2+1 for x in 1:10]
and multidimensional comprehensions like:
z = [(x-5)^2+(y-5)^2 for x = 0:10, y = 0:10]
It is also possible to add a condition:
v = [3x^2 + 2y^2 for x in 1:7 for y in 1:7 if x % y == 0]
And just changing square brackets to the round one, we get a generator:
g = (3x^2 + 2y^2 for x in 1:7 for y in 1:7 if x % y == 0)
Mythryl
s = [ 2*i for i in 1..100 where i*i > 3 ];
Multiple generators:
pyth = [ (x,y,z) for x in 1..20 for y in x..20 for z in y..20 where x*x + y*y == z*z ];
Nemerle
$[x*2 | x in [0 .. 100], x*x > 3]
Nim
Nim has built-in seq, set, table and object comprehensions on the sugar standard library module:
import sugar
let variable = collect(newSeq):
for item in @[-9, 1, 42, 0, -1, 9]: item + 1
assert variable == @[-8, 2, 43, 1, 0, 10]
The comprehension is implemented as a macro that is expanded at compile time,
you can see the expanded code using the expandMacro compiler option:
var collectResult = newSeq(Natural(0))
for item in items(@[-9, 1, 42, 0, -1, 9]):
add(collectResult, item + 1)
collectResult
The comprehensions can be nested and multi-line:
import sugar
let values = collect(newSeq):
for val in [1, 2]:
collect(newSeq):
for val2 in [3, 4]:
if (val, val2) != (1, 2):
(val, val2)
assert values == @[@[(1, 3), (1, 4)], @[(2, 3), (2, 4)]]
OCaml
OCaml supports List comprehension through OCaml Batteries.
Perl
Array with all the doubles from 1 to 9 inclusive:
my @doubles = map {$_*2} 1..9;
Array with the names of the customers based in Rio de Janeiro (from array of hashes):
my @rjCustomers = map {$_->{state} eq "RJ" ? $_->{name} : ()} @customers;
Filtering numbers divisible by 3:
my @divisibleBy3 = grep {$_ % 3 == 0} 0..100;
Python
Python uses the following syntax to express list comprehensions over finite lists:
S = [2 * x for x in range(100) if x ** 2 > 3]
A generator expression may be used in Python versions >= 2.4 which gives lazy evaluation over its input, and can be used with generators to iterate over 'infinite' input such as the count generator function which returns successive integers:
from itertools import count
S = (2 * x for x in count() if x ** 2 > 3)
(Subsequent use of the generator expression will determine when to stop generating values).
R
x <- 0:100
S <- 2 * x[x ^ 2 > 3]
Racket
(for/list ([x 100] #:when (> (* x x) 3)) (* x 2))
An example with multiple generators:
(for*/list ([x (in-range 1 21)] [y (in-range 1 21)] [z (in-range 1 21)]
#:when (= (+ (* x x) (* y y)) (* z z)))
(list x y z))
Raku
my @s = ($_ * 2 if $_ ** 2 > 3 for 0 .. 99);
Ruby
(0..100).select { |x| x**2 > 3 }.map { |x| 2*x }
Rust
Rust does not have built-in list comprehensions, but many of their capabilities can be replicated with iterators:
let ns: Vec<_> = (0..100).filter(|x| x * x > 3).map(|x| 2 * x).collect();
Scala
Using the for-comprehension:
val s = for (x <- 0 to 100; if x*x > 3) yield 2*x
Scheme
List comprehensions are supported in Scheme through the use of the SRFI-42 library.
(list-ec (: x 100) (if (> (* x x) 3)) (* x 2))
An example of a list comprehension using multiple generators:
(list-ec (: x 1 21) (: y x 21) (: z y 21) (if (= (+ (* x x) (* y y)) (* z z))) (list x y z))
SETL
s := {2*x : x in {0..100} | x**2 > 3 };
Smalltalk
((1 to: 100) select: [ :x | x squared > 3 ]) collect: [ :x | x * 2 ]
Swift
// 0 2 4 6 ... 18
let timesTwo = (0..<10).map{ $0*2 }
// Suppose isPrime: (Int) -> Bool a function that checks if its argument is a prime number
let primeBelow100 = (0...100).filter(isPrime)
Visual Prolog
S = [ 2*X || X = list::getMember_nd(L), X*X > 3 ]
PowerShell
$s = ( 0..100 | ? {$_*$_ -gt 3} | % {2*$_} )which is short-hand notation of:$s = 0..100 | where-object {$_*$_ -gt 3} | foreach-object {2*$_}
References
External links
Comparison of list comprehensions on rosettacode.org
List comprehension
Articles with example C Sharp code
Articles with example Haskell code
Articles with example Lisp (programming language) code
Articles with example Python (programming language) code
Articles with example Racket code
Articles with example Julia code
fr:Compréhension de liste
pt:List comprehension
The Sunne in Splendour is a historical novel written by Sharon Kay Penman. Penman became interested in the subject of Richard III while a student and wrote a manuscript that was stolen from her car. She rewrote the manuscript, which was published in 1982.
Background
As a student, Penman researched and wrote The Sunne in Splendour, which chronicled the life of Richard III. When the 400-page manuscript was stolen from her car, Penman found herself unable to write for the next five years. She eventually rewrote the book and by the time the 936-page book was published in 1982 she had spent 12 years writing it, while practicing law at the same time.
The Sunne in Splendour is about England's Wars of the Roses. In the book, Penman characterizes King Richard III as a good, but misunderstood, ruler. She chose to write Richard's character this way after becoming fascinated with his story and researching his life, both in the US and in the UK, which led her to believe that "his was a classic case of history being rewritten by the victor". Penman rejects the common belief that Richard killed the "Princes in the Tower," the sons of his brother King Edward IV, and attributes their deaths to the overly ambitious Duke of Buckingham.
Plot summary
The story begins in 1459 with Richard as a young boy, and ends in 1485 with his defeat at the Battle of Bosworth Field.
When their father is killed, Richard's older brother Edward leads the House of York to victory and becomes king as Edward IV.
Edward dies prematurely at age 40, and Richard becomes the Protector of the Realm for Edward's sons, Edward and Richard. Richard learns of Edward's previous secret marriage, which makes Edward's marriage to the boys' mother, Elizabeth Woodville, illegal. Edward's children are therefore illegitimate, and Richard is the rightful heir to the throne. Elizabeth's brother, Anthony, Lord Rivers, plots to crown young Edward without Richard's knowledge. Richard has no choice but to end his protectorship and assume the throne.
Soon after Richard is crowned, both his son, Edward, and his wife, Anne, die. After two years as king, he faces his greatest challenge from an army of French mercenaries led by Henry Tudor, the future King Henry VII. At Bosworth, Richard is betrayed by two of his nobles, and left in a perilous situation. Richard himself is killed a few feet from Henry.
References
American historical novels
1982 American novels
Novels by Sharon Kay Penman
Novels set in the Middle Ages
Novels set in the 15th century
Cultural depictions of English monarchs
Richard III of England
1982 debut novels
Wars of the Roses in fiction
Bhotewodar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3630 people living in 785 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Eva Louise Rausing (7 March 1964 – c. 7 May 2012) was a businesswoman and philanthropist, and a member of the Rausing family, which owns the food packaging business Tetra Pak. She was the wife of Hans Kristian Rausing, whom she met in a rehab clinic in her native U.S., and with whom she had four children.
Biography
She was born Eva Louise Kemeny, a daughter of Tom Kemeny, a PepsiCo executive. In 2008, Rausing and her husband faced drugs charges after she was caught trying to smuggle drugs into the US embassy in London, and hard drugs were subsequently found at their home. She was eventually cautioned by the police.
Rausing was the UK patron of international drug abuse prevention charity Mentor and together with her husband, she also provided financial backing to Action on Addiction, a charity that helps young people with drink and drug problems.
In 2008, Rausing was arrested after trying to enter the United States embassy in central London while carrying wraps of cocaine and heroin. She was held outside the embassy in Mayfair, leading to a police raid on the couple's Chelsea home, where more than £1,500 of drugs were found. Her husband, Hans Kristian Rausing, the heir to the £5bn Tetra Pak drink packaging empire, was then also arrested.
Death
On 10 July 2012, she was found dead at her home in Belgravia, London. Her 49-year-old husband was arrested in connection with her death and on suspicion of drugs charges. On 17 July, he was charged with delaying the burial of her body. Hans Kristian Rausing pleaded guilty, and was sentenced on 1 August to ten months' imprisonment, suspended for two years; the Judge required him to attend a two-year drug rehabilitation programme. The court heard that her heart pacemaker indicated that Eva Rausing probably died on 7 May. At the time of her death she was one of the wealthiest women in the United Kingdom.
On 29 August 2012, the British journalist Ben Quinn revealed in The Guardian that in 2011 Eva Rausing had passed on information to Swedish prosecutors about the unsolved 1986 murder of Swedish prime minister Olof Palme. Scotland Yard had confirmed the day before that it had given information to Swedish authorities, who wanted to question the widower, Hans Kristian Rausing, as a possible witness about the information his wife claimed to have obtained. Gunnar Wall, a Swedish author who has written two books on the Palme killing, said that Rausing had contacted him in June 2011, claiming that she had learned that Palme had been killed by a Swedish businessman, who feared that Palme was a threat to his business. Wall had conducted an e-mail correspondence with Rausing, who told him that she had written to the businessman on three occasions about the allegations. In one e-mail to Wall she wrote: "Don't forget to investigate if I should suddenly die! Just joking, I hope." Wall told the Guardian: "When her e-mails stopped, I did not think too much about it, until I heard that she had died in circumstances that were unclear ... She also told me that she was going to inform the prosecutors in Sweden and it seemed like she had some arrangement to meet them."
On 14 December 2012, a coroner said Rausing died as a result of her "dependent abuse" of drugs.
References
1964 births
2012 deaths
American businesspeople
American expatriates in the United Kingdom
Drug-related deaths in England
Drug-related deaths in London
Eva
Carnival Films is a British production company based in London, UK, founded in 1978. It has produced television series for all the major UK networks including the BBC, ITV, Channel 4, and Sky, as well as international broadcasters including PBS, A&E, HBO and NBC. Productions include single dramas, long-running television dramas, feature films, and stage productions.
History
Carnival Films was founded in 1978 by feature film producer Brian Eastman.
As of 2014, Carnival has produced over 500 hours of drama and comedy for television, cinema and stage. This included 70 episodes of Agatha Christie's Poirot starring David Suchet and 22 episodes of Rosemary & Thyme, starring Felicity Kendal and Pam Ferris. In the action/adventure genre it produced BUGS, Oktober and The Grid, in comedy drama it produced Jeeves and Wooster starring Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry, teenage drama-comedy As If, as well as the adaptations of Tom Sharpe's novels Blott on the Landscape and Porterhouse Blue.
In 2004, the BBC's former Head of Drama Commissioning Gareth Neame joined Carnival as managing director. In 2007, former Creative Director of BBC Drama Sally Woodward Gentle joined the company as Creative Director. The two had previously worked together on Spooks (MI:5), Tipping the Velvet and Cambridge Spies.
In 2008, Carnival was acquired by NBCUniversal as part of its plan to increase its presence in content creation outside the United States. Following several more acquisitions Carnival is now part of NBCUniversal International Television Production alongside newer additions Monkey Kingdom, Working Title Television, Chocolate Media and Lucky Giant in the UK, Lark in Canada and Matchbox Pictures in Australia.
Under the direction of Gareth Neame, Carnival has produced series such as; The Philanthropist for NBC; hit BBC series Hotel Babylon; the television films Enid starring Helena Bonham Carter and Matthew Macfadyen; Page Eight starring Bill Nighy, Rachel Weisz, Michael Gambon and Ralph Fiennes; four-part drama Any Human Heart starring Jim Broadbent, Matthew MacFadyen, Hayley Atwell and Kim Cattrall; The Hollow Crown, a BBC adaptation of Shakespeare's history plays starring Tom Hiddleston, Ben Whishaw and Jeremy Irons; The Last Weekend, a three-part adaptation of Blake Morrison's novel; and Whitechapel for ITV.
Carnival's biggest hit, both critically and commercially, is Downton Abbey, written and co-produced by Julian Fellowes. The final episode of the TV series aired on 25 December 2015. In 2016, Neame and Fellowes started planning a feature adaptation; it was officially confirmed in July 2018 and filming began later that month. Downton Abbey (film) was released in the United Kingdom on 13 September 2019 by Universal Pictures, and in the United States on 20 September 2019 by Focus Features. It received generally positive reviews from critics and grossed $194 million worldwide. The sequel, Downton Abbey: A New Era, was released in the United Kingdom on 29 April 2022, and in the United States on 20 May 2022.
Productions
Television
Current
The Last Kingdom
Past
2006–present (as Carnival Film and Television Ltd.)
Belgravia (2020) One series for ITV1 / Epix – total 6 episodes
Stan Lee's Lucky Man (2016–2019) Three series for Sky One – total 28 episodes
The Hollow Crown (2012–2016) 8 episodes for BBC Two
Jamestown (2017–2019 ) Three series for Sky One – total 24 episodes
Downton Abbey (2010–2015) Six series for ITV1 – total 52 episodes
The Lost Honour of Christopher Jefferies (2014) Mini Series for ITV1 – total 2 episodes
Dracula (2013/2014) One series for Sky Living / NBC – total 10 episodes
Salting the Battlefield (2014) Single Drama for BBC Two (Part 3 of The Worricker Trilogy)
Turks & Caicos (2014) Single Drama for BBC Two (Part 2 of The Worricker Trilogy)
The 7.39 (2014) Mini Series for BBC One – total 2 episodes
Whitechapel (2009–2013) Four series for ITV1 – total 18 episodes
Murder on the Home Front (2013) Mini Series for ITV1 – total 2 episodes
The Last Weekend (2012) Mini Series for ITV1 – total 3 episodes
Page Eight (2011) Single Drama for BBC Two (Part 1 of The Worricker Trilogy)
Any Human Heart (2010) Miniseries for Channel 4 – total 4 episodes
Material Girl (2010) One series for BBC One – total 6 episodes
Enid (2009) Single Drama for BBC Four
Hotel Babylon (2006–2009) Four series for BBC One – total 32 episodes
The Philanthropist (2009) One series for NBC – total 8 episodes
Harley Street (2008) One series for ITV1 – total 6 episodes
Midnight Man (2008) Mini Series for ITV1 – total 3 episodes
The Old Curiosity Shop (2007) Single Drama for ITV1/WGBH
Christmas at the Riviera (2007) Single Drama for ITV1
Empathy (2007) Single Drama for BBC One
Sea of Souls: The Prayer Tree (2007) Mini Series for BBC One – total 2 episodes
The Whistleblowers (2007) One series for ITV1 – total 6 episodes
Rosemary & Thyme (2003–2006) Three series for ITV1 – total 22 episodes
1989–2005 (as Carnival Film and Theatre Ltd.)
The Grid: Mini series (2004) for BBC and TNT – total 2 episodes
Agatha Christie's Poirot: (1989–2004) for ITV1 – total 53 episodes
As If: four series (2001–2004) for Channel 4 – total 60 episodes
As If (US): one series (2002) for UPN – total 7 episodes
The 10th Kingdom: Mini Series (2000) for NBC – total 9 episodesLucy Sullivan Is Getting Married: two series (1999–2000) for ITV1 – total 16 episodesOktober: Mini Series (1998) for ITV1 – total three episodesBUGS: four series (1995–1998) for BBC One – total 40 episodesCrime Traveller: one series (1997) for BBC One – total 8 episodesThe Mill on the Floss: TV Film (1997) for BBCOne/WGBH/Canal PlusThe Fragile Heart: Mini Series (1996) for Channel 4 – total 3 episodesThe Infiltrator: TV Film (1995) for HBOAnna Lee: one series (1994) for ITV – total 5 episodesJeeves and Wooster: four series (1990–1993) for Granada/ ITV – total 23 episodesAll or Nothing at All: Mini Series (1993) for LWT/ ITV – total 3 episodesHead over Heels: one series (1993) for Carlton/ITV – total 7 episodesThe Big Battalions: Mini Series (1992) for Channel 4 – total 5 episodesTraffik: TV Film (1989) for Channel 4Forever Green: two series (1989–1992) for LWT/ ITV – total 18 episodes
1978–1988 (as Picture Partnership Productions Ltd.)Porterhouse Blue: Mini Series (1987) for Channel 4 – total 4 episodesBlott on the Landscape: Mini Series (1985) for BBC – total 6 episodesFather's Day: two series (1983–1984) – total 14 episodes
FilmDownton Abbey: A New Era (2022)Downton Abbey (2019)Firelight (1997)Up on the Roof (1997)Shadowlands (1993)Under Suspicion (1991)Wilt (1990)
1978–1988 (as Picture Partnership Productions Ltd.)Whoops Apocalypse! (1988)Cry Wolf (1980)
Stage
PastJuno and the Paycock (1993) Albery Theatre, LondonHow Was It for You? Theatre Royal, PlymouthMap of the Heart (1991) Globe Theatre, LondonThe Ghost Train (1992) Lyric Theatre, LondonWhat a Performance (1994) Queens Theatre, LondonMisery (1992) Criterion Theatre, LondonShadowlands (1990) Brooks Atkinson Theatre, New YorkUp on the Roof'' (1987)
Awards
Carnival Films has won a wide variety of awards for its work on Television, Film and Stage productions. With the company itself winning the 'Best Independent Production Company' award at both the Televisual Magazine Bulldog Awards 2011, and the Broadcast Awards 2012.
In addition Carnival's productions have together been awarded nine Primetime Emmy Awards; one Golden Globe; nineteen BAFTAs; one Screen Actors Guild Award; a Producers Guild of America Award; two National Television Award; three International Emmy Awards; five RTS awards; four BANFF Rockie Awards; three Ivor Novello Awards; two Broadcast awards; a Bulldog award; an Evening Standard Theatre Award; and a Tony.
Further to this success the company's productions have also received nominations from such varied awards bodies as the Academy Awards, the Laurence Olivier Awards, The Monte Carlo International Television Festival, The Screen Actors Guild, The American Society of Cinematographers, The Edgar Allan Poe Awards, The Rose D'Or and The San Sebastian Film Festival.
References
External links
Mass media companies established in 1978
NBCUniversal
Television production companies of the United Kingdom
British companies established in 1978
2008 mergers and acquisitions
British subsidiaries of foreign companies
Mass media companies based in London
Beasts of Asia () is a 2021 internationally co-produced children's and youth drama by EBS, starring An Jin-hyeon, Jang Mun-ik, and Lee Kyoung-yoon. The series features different myths from 12 Asian countries that have been reinterpreted in a contemporary way. Its first season aired on EBS 1TV every Sunday with five episodes from June 20 to July 18, 2021.
Synopsis
Beasts of Asia follows the story of the myths of 12 Asian countries, with a focus on Story Hunters - Sol, Min, and Teo. Story Hunters are a small group of races with memories before the souls of humans and animals split. They seek out stories of people who have seen or benefited from talking beasts through "Cocoon", an online hub for Asian youth.
Cast
Main
An Jin-hyeon as Sol
Sol is the leader of Story Hunters. She is a direct descendant of Dangun and has the soul of a bear.
Jang Mun-ik as Min
Min is the group's visual manager and an aspiring idol. His soul is feline and has quirky charms.
Lee Kyoung-yoon as Teo
Teo is the brain of the group and has the soul of an owl. He is an animator and creates webtoon in Cocoon.
Episodes
Season 1
The first season introduced myths from five Asian countries, including Korea, India, Mongolia, Bhutan, and Vietnam.
Season 2
The production of second season has been decided, but further details were yet to be announced. It will feature myths from seven countries, including Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Myanmar, completing the myth stories of 12 Asian countries.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2021 South Korean television series debuts
Korean-language television shows
Children's television series by genre
South Korean children's television shows
Asian mythology
Naw-Rúz () is the first day of the Baháʼí calendar year and one of eleven holy days for adherents of the Baháʼí Faith. It occurs on the vernal equinox, on or near March 21, which is the traditional Iranian New Year.
The traditional Nowruz holiday, from which the Baha'i holiday derives, has been celebrated since ancient times in Iran, and is observed by culturally-adjacent peoples in Azerbaijan, Turkey, Iraq, Armenia, Georgia, Russia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Syria, and Tajikistan. The Báb, the founder of Bábism, and then Baháʼu'lláh, the founder of the Baháʼí Faith, adopted the day as a holy day and associated it with the Most Great Name of God. The Baha'i holiday as now calculated does not always fall on the same day as the traditional festival (but may differ by one day), and does not incorporate a number of Persian cultural practices associated with the traditional holiday, but is a religious event featuring readings from Baha'i scriptures.
Significance
The Báb, the founder of Bábi religion, instituted the Badíʻ calendar composed of 19 months, each of 19 days. The first month, and the first day of each month, are both named Bahá, an Arabic word meaning splendour or glory. Thus Naw-Rúz, the first day of the year, is the day of Bahá in the month of Bahá. The day was called the Day of God by the Báb, and was associated with He whom God shall make manifest, a messianic figure in the Báb's writings.
Baháʼu'lláh, the founder of the Baháʼí Faith who is recognized as the messianic figure expected by the Báb, adopted the new calendar and the use of Naw-Rúz as a holy day. The day follows the Baháʼí month of fasting, and he explained that Naw-Rúz was associated with the Most Great Name of God, and was instituted as a festival for those who observed the fast.
The symbolic notion of the renewal of time in each religious dispensation was made explicit by the writings of the Báb and Baháʼu'lláh and the calendar and the new year made this spiritual metaphor more concrete. ʻAbdu'l-Bahá, Baháʼu'lláh's son and successor, explained that significance of Naw-Rúz in terms of spring and the new life it brings. He explained that the equinox is a symbol of the Manifestations of God, who include Jesus, Muhammad, the Báb and Baháʼu'lláh among others, and the message that they proclaim is like a spiritual springtime, and that Naw-Rúz is used to commemorate it.
Date
Baháʼu'lláh, in the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, defines Naw-Rúz as the day on which the vernal equinox occurs. The exact timing of Naw-Rúz for Baháʼís worldwide depends on the choice of a particular spot on the Earth and was left to the Universal House of Justice, the governing body of the Baháʼís, to decide. In 2014, the Universal House of Justice chose Tehran as the particular spot. Since Baháʼí days start at sundown, if the equinox occurs just before sunset, the day which started on the previous sunset is Naw-Rúz. Thus Naw-Rúz could fall on either March 20, 21st or 22nd of the Gregorian calendar, though these dates are pre-calculated years in advance. All dates in the Baháʼí calendar are set in relation to Naw-Rúz and thus may shift on the Gregorian calendar by a day or two depending on the timing of the vernal equinox.
Celebration
Naw-Rúz is one of nine Baháʼí holy days where work and school must be suspended; the only one that is not associated with an event in the lives of either the Báb or Baháʼu'lláh. It is usually a festive event observed with meetings for prayer and music and dancing. Since the new year also ends the Baháʼí month of fasting the celebration is often combined with a dinner. As with all Baháʼí holy days, there are few fixed rules for observing Naw-Rúz, and Baháʼís all over the world celebrate it as a festive day, according to local custom. Persian Baháʼís observe many of the Iranian customs associated with Nowruz such as the Haft Sîn, but American Baháʼí communities, for example, may have a potluck dinner, along with prayers and readings from Baháʼí scripture.
References
Further reading
Baháʼí World Centre (2017). Days of Remembrance - Selections from the Writings of Baháʼu'lláh for Baháʼí Holy Days.
Related documents on Baháʼí Library Online
Naw-Ruz
Bahai Naw Ruz
Since the inception of the English association football league competition, the EFL Championship, in 2004, more than 60 players have scored three goals (a hat-trick) or more in a single match. The first player to achieve the feat was Englishman Marcus Stewart, who scored three times for Sunderland in a 4–0 victory at Gillingham on 11 September 2004. Brian Deane, Chris Iwelumo, Michael Chopra, Garath McCleary and Nikola Žigić have each scored four goals in a match. The fixture between Norwich City and Scunthorpe United at Carrow Road in 2011 saw both Grant Holt and Simeon Jackson score a hat-trick for the home team.
Dwight Gayle has scored a hat-trick on five occasions in the Football League Championship. He and Chris Iwelumo scored a hat-trick for three clubs.
The list includes only hat-tricks scored in the league; hat-tricks scored in play-off matches are not counted.
Lee Hughes scored back to back hat tricks but is not listed below.
Hat-tricks
Note: The results column shows the home team score first
Multiple hat-tricks
The following table lists players who have scored two or more hat-tricks.
See also
List of Premier League hat-tricks
List of EFL League One hat-tricks
List of EFL League Two hat-tricks
References
Hat-tricks
Championship
The Erpobdelliformes are one of the currently-accepted suborders of the proboscisless leeches (Arhynchobdellida). It includes four families:
Erpobdellidae Blanchard, 1894
Gastrostomobdellidae Richardson, 1971
Orobdellidae Nakano, Ramlah & Hikida, 2012
Salifidae Johansson, 1910
References
Leeches
The women's singles table tennis event was part of the table tennis programme at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. The event took place from 24 July to 29 July 2021 at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium.
Qualification
Schedule
Seeds
The top 16 seeded players qualified directly to the third round.
(Champion, gold medalist)
(Final, silver medalist)
(Semifinals, bronze medalist)
(Third round)
(Quarterfinals)
(Fourth round)
(Quarterfinals)
(Quarterfinals)
(Third round)
(Fourth round)
(Third round)
(Quarterfinals)
(Fourth round)
(Third round)
(Third round)
(Fourth round)
The players seeded from 17 to 32 qualified directly to the second round.
(Second round)
(Third round)
(Third round)
(Second round)
(Fourth round)
(Fourth round)
(Second round)
(Second round)
(Third round)
(Semifinals, fourth place)
(Second round)
(Second round)
(Second round)
(Second round)
(Second round)
(Third round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Preliminary rounds
References
External links
Results Books : Tokyo 2020. The Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. (2021).
Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games. ITTF
2020 Summer Olympics / Table Tennis / Singles, Women. Olympedia.org
Women's singles
Women's events at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Prudent was a 74-gun ship-of-the-line in service with the Royal French Navy. Built in Rochefort in 1753, she entered service during the opening year of the French and Indian War (1754–1763). During the 1758 Siege of Louisbourg she was one of a fleet of 11 ships trapped in Louisbourg by a superior Royal Navy force; during the final night of the siege, she was boarded by British sailors and set afire, resulting in her loss.
References
1753 ships
Ships of the line of France
Maritime incidents in 1758
P'iq'iñ Q'ara (Aymara p'iq'iña head, q'ara bare, bald, p'iq'iña q'ara bald, "baldheaded", Hispanicized spelling Pekheñ Khara) is a mountain in the Cordillera Occidental in the Andes of Bolivia. It is located in the Oruro Department, Sabaya Province, Sabaya Municipality. P'iq'iñ Q'ara is situated south-west of the mountain Kimsa Chata, near the border with Chile. It lies at the confluence of the rivers Chullumpiri Jawira and Lliscaya Jawira.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Santa Isabel is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 660.
Geography
Santa Isabel is a remote barrio situated at an elevation of just south of Ángeles in Utuado, Puerto Rico. It has an area of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Santa Isabel barrio was 875.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
This is a list of episodes of the Chinese variety show Running Man in season 3. The show airs on ZRTG: Zhejiang Television.
Episodes
References
External links
Running Man China Official Homepage
2015 Chinese television seasons
2016 Chinese television seasons
Guy Wilks (born 22 January 1981) is a British rally driver. Wilks started rallying at the age of 19, but currently drives for JRM in the FIA World Rallycross Championship. In 2011 Wilks drove for Peugeot UK in the Intercontinental Rally Challenge. In 2012 he did not compete.
Career
Wilks who was born in Bishop Auckland, County Durham became Ford Ka Junior Champion in 2000 in his first year in the sport, graduating within the Ford 'Ladder of Opportunity' scheme to the Puma 1400 series for 2001. He finished second in the championship. The following year Wilks entered the British Rally Championship (BRC) in a Super 1600 specification Puma, finishing fifth overall in the championship and third in the British Super1600 Rally Championship. In 2003 Wilks competed in the Junior World Rally Championship (JWRC) driving a Ford Puma prepared by Chris Birkbeck Motorsport finishing seventh in the standings. Wilks missed out on an opportunity to join the Subaru World Rally Team for the 2004 season, as he had signed a contract with Suzuki.
For 2004 Wilks made the switch from Ford to a works entry in the JWRC with Suzuki driving an Ignis alongside Per-Gunnar Andersson. Over the next three years Wilks won five rallies and finished second in the JWRC in 2005. Wins included his first JWRC victory at the Acropolis Rally in 2004 and Rally GB in the same year. During his time driving for Suzuki Wilks also won the British Super 1600 title and British Junior title in 2005.
Wilks split with Suzuki at the end of 2006 as they moved their focus to a full-fledged enter in World Rally Championship (WRC). In 2007 Wilks joined the Mitsubishi Motors UK Works team driving a Group N specification Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution IX in the BRC. Over the next two years Wilks won eight rallies and the BRC title outright.
In addition to the BRC in 2007, Wilks also competed in a number of WRC events with Mobil 1 support allowing him to make his World Rally Car debuts in Norway driving a Ford Focus 03 WRC. In total he competed in seven events with a sixth place in Rally Ireland his best finish in a Subaru S11 WRC.
2008 saw Wilks supplement his BRC commitments with several outings in a Honda Civic Type R R3 rally car for Italy's JAS Motorsport.
Wilks made the switch in 2009 to S2000 class rallying with Mellors Elliot Motorsport driving a Proton Satria Neo Super 2000 car in the Pirelli International Rally. Then, on 6 June 2009, Proton announced an entry for Wilks in the Intercontinental Rally Challenge (IRC). He competed in six events with Proton before making the switch to drive for Škoda UK in Rally Scotland which he won.
On 12 January 2010, it was announced that Wilks would compete on selected rounds of the 2010 IRC driving a Škoda Fabia S2000 for Škoda UK. In the first four rallies of the season, Guy finished 6th in Rallye Monte-Carlo, 2nd in Rally Internacional de Curitiba, 2nd in Rally Argentina and 3rd in Rally Islas Canarias.
During the first stage of the 2010 Rally d'Italia Sardegna Wilks crashed his Škoda and was flown to hospital after reporting pains in his lower back. Hospital checks found the Wilks had fractures to his first and second lumbar vertebrae. The injury meant that Wilks missed three events on the IRC Calendar making a comeback at the Barum Czech Rally Zlín at the end of August.
It was confirmed that Wilks, who finished the year in sixth overall in the championship, would make the switch from Škoda to the Kronos Racing run Peugeot UK Team for the 2011 IRC.
Racing record
Complete WRC results
(key)
JWRC results
(key)
PWRC results
(key)
Complete IRC results
(key)
Complete FIA World Rallycross Championship results
(key)
Supercar
References
External links
Guy Wilks Official Site
IRC Official Site
English rally drivers
Intercontinental Rally Challenge drivers
World Rally Championship drivers
World Rallycross Championship drivers
Sportspeople from Darlington
Living people
1981 births
People educated at Barnard Castle School
Peugeot Sport drivers
Brent Hassert was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 85th district where he served from 1993 until January 2009. He served as Deputy House Republican Leader.
Hassert was the owner of Hassert Landscaping. He was elected to the Will County Board in the 1988 general election. That year, he was part of a task force which spurred the adoption of the Solid Waste Planning and Recycling Act (PA 85-1198).
During the 2008 Republican Party presidential primaries, Hassert endorsed the presidential campaign of Rudy Giuliani. In his November 2008 bid for re-election, Hassert was defeated by Emily McAsey.
References
External links
Illinois General Assembly - Representative Brent Hassert (R) 85th District official IL House website
Bills Committees
Project Vote Smart - Representative Brent Hassert (IL) profile
Follow the Money - Brent Hassert
2006 2004 2002 2000 1998 1996 campaign contributions
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
1952 births
Living people
People from Joliet, Illinois
21st-century American politicians
County board members in Illinois
2005 WAFF U-15 Championship was the first edition of the WAFF U-15 Championship. A WAFF youth football championship organised by the West Asian Football Federation (WAFF) for the men's under-15 national teams of West Asia. It was held in Karaj, Iran from 23 August to 29 July 2005.
Format
The groups winner and the second-placed team of the two groups in the first round played in a single round-robin format, qualified for the semi-finals.
Participating nations
6 West Asian Federation teams entered the competition.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Bracket
Semi-finals
Fifth place
Third place
Final
Champion
Final standing
References
External links
WAFF official website
WAFF U-15 Championship
2005 in Iranian sport
Brigid L. M. Hogan FRS is a developmental biologist noted for her contributions to mammalian development, stem cell research and transgenic technology and techniques. She is currently a Professor in the Department of Cell Biology at Duke University, Born in the UK, she became an American citizen in 2000.
Hogan earned her PhD in Biochemistry at the University of Cambridge and did postdoctoral work in the Department of Biology at MIT. She was the head of the Laboratory of Molecular Embryology at the National Institute for Medical Research in London, and later Hortense B. Ingram Professor in the Department of Cell Biology and a founding director of the Stem Cell and Organogenesis Program at Vanderbilt University. In 2002, she moved to Duke University.
Her work on mouse development led her to organize the first Molecular Embryology of the Mouse course at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and edit the first two editions of Manipulating the Mouse Embryo: A Laboratory Manual, considered the "Bible" of mammalian embryo manipulation techniques.
She has served as President of the American Society for Developmental Biology and the American Society for Cell Biology. She was a member of the National Advisory Council of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, Co-Chair for Science of the 1994 NIH Human Embryo Research Panel and a member of the 2001/2002 National Academies Panel on Scientific and Medical Aspects of Human Cloning. She was awarded the sixth International Society for Transgenic Technologies Prize in 2008 for "outstanding contributions to the field of transgene technologies". She delivered a 2011 Martin Rodbell Lecture, hosted by the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences and the Croonian Lecture of the Royal Society of London in 2014.
Early life
Hogan was born in Denham, a small village near London. Both of her parents were artists. As a child she faced the difficulties of post-World War II Britain. Her father, a stage designer, died in 1945 shortly after coming back from the front lines. Her single mother, a dressmaker, raised her and her sibling. She was a support and inspiration to Hogan. The village Hogan grew up in was close to nature and fostered her love for biology. Her rational scientific thinking helped her cope with her uncertain home life. She attended a High Wycombe High School for girls, where her biology teacher mentored her as she applied to Cambridge University. She was admitted to Newnham College, Cambridge's all-women's college, where she faced negative attitudes from male faculty due to her gender, typical of the time.
Career
Since Cambridge offered no courses in cell or developmental biology at the time, Hogan did her post-doctorate work on sea urchin development with Paul Gross at MIT. Around 1974, back in Britain, Hogan began her work on mouse embryonic stem cells at the Mill Hill Labs of the Imperial Cancer Research Fund in London under director John Cairns. Encouraged by Anne McLaren, she focused her career on mouse development and has continued on this path ever since. She was the head of the Laboratory of Molecular Embryology at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund and then the National Institute of Medical Research in London. Her student, Peter Holland, became well known for his work on vertebrate evolution and was awarded the Darwin Medal of the Royal Society in 2019.
In 1988, she was recruited to Vanderbilt University Medical Center by Hal Moses. There she was a Professor of Cell Biology and Hortense B. Ingram Chair of Molecular Oncology, as well as the co-founder of the Stem Cell and Organogenesis Program. From 1993-2002 she was an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. At Vanderbilt University, she grew to appreciate the American enthusiasm towards scientific study in general and towards women in the scientific field in particular. She considers her work at Vanderbilt “one of the most productive and exciting” in her career. She left Vanderbilt in 2002 after 13 years to head the department of Cell Biology at Duke University Medical Center, making her the first woman to chair a basic sciences department there.
At Duke University, she was George Barth Geller Professor of Molecular Biology from 2002-2018 before stepping down as Chair in 2019. She continues to plan an active role in the Cell Biology Department and the Developmental and Stem Cell training program. Her lab studied the lung, due to it developing through "branching morphogenesis". To facilitate this, she created numerous mouse lines where genes can be manipulated in specific lung cells. She is particularly interested in the stem cells of the mouse lung as models for human lung cells that are often affected by disease. She hopes to apply her research to Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease, cystic fibrosis, chronic asthma, pulmonary fibrosis, and premature babies with inadequate lung development.
Awards and recognition
1986 – European Molecular Biology Organization member
1993–2002 – Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator
1996 – Institute of Medicine member
2001 – Fellow of the Royal Society
2001 – American Society for Developmental Biology President
2001 – American Academy of Arts and Sciences Fellow
2003 – American Association for the Advancement of Science member
2005 – National Academy of Sciences member
2008 – International Society for Transgenic Technologies Prize
2009 – American Society for Cell Biology President
2014 – Croonian Lecture
2015 - Lifetime Achievement Award, Society for Developmental Biology
2019 - Duke University Medical School Alumni 2019 Lifetime Achievement Award
2019 - FASEB Excellence in Science Lifetime Achievement Award
References
External links
2008 Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Symposium Lecture
2014 Croonian Lecture
Discoveries and ongoing projects in the Hogan laboratory
1943 births
20th-century British biologists
21st-century British biologists
British women biologists
Duke University faculty
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of Newnham College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Howard Hughes Medical Investigators
Living people
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
National Institute for Medical Research faculty
Vanderbilt University faculty
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Darnell Alford (born June 11, 1977) is a former American football guard. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 2000 to 2001 and for the New York Jets in 2002. Alford was also briefly on the rosters of the Dallas Cowboys and again with the Kansas City Chiefs in 2002. Alford was out of football during the 2003 season and returned with the St. Louis Rams in 2004. He did not appear in any games for the Rams.
References
1977 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
Boston College Eagles football players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Berlin Thunder players
New York Jets players
Players of American football from Newark, New Jersey
The 2021–22 season was the 116th season in the existence of RC Strasbourg Alsace and the club's fifth consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Strasbourg participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Goal scorers
Last updated: 21 May 2022
References
RC Strasbourg Alsace seasons
Strasbourg
The bar-winged weaver (Ploceus angolensis) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Angola, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Zambia.
References
External links
Bar-winged weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
bar-winged weaver
Birds of Southern Africa
bar-winged weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1693.
Events
February 27 – March 17 – John Dunton publishes The Ladies' Mercury in London, the first periodical specifically for women.
March – William Congreve's first play, the comedy The Old Bachelor, is performed at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in London.
May – William Bradford prints the first book in New York, George Keith's New-England's Spirit of Persecution Transmitted to Pennsylvania.
July 29 – Anthony Wood is condemned in the vice-chancellor's court of the University of Oxford for libels against Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon. He is fined and banished from the university until he recants. The offending pages are burned.
October – Congreve's comedy The Double Dealer is first performed at Drury Lane.
unknown dates
Joseph Addison addresses an early poem to John Dryden.
Swedish scholar Petter Salan publishes in Upsala Fortissimorum pugilum Egilli et Asmundi historiam antqvo gothico sermone exaratam, the first printed edition of the 14th century Egils saga einhenda ok Ásmundar berserkjabana.
Venetian sea-captain Julije Balović compiles Pratichae Schrivaneschae, including a five-language multilingual glossary.
New books
Fiction
The Genuine Remains of Dr. Thomas Barlow (posthumous)
Li Yu (李漁, probable author) – The Carnal Prayer Mat (written 1657)
The Third Part of the Pilgrim's Progress (anonymous)
Catherine Trotter (or Catherine Trotter Cockburn) – Olinda's Adventures; or, The Amours of a Young Lady
Sir Thomas Urquhart and Peter Anthony Motteux – first complete English translation of Rabelais' Gargantua and Pantagruel
Vertue Rewarded
Drama
John Bancroft – Henry the Second, King of England; With the death of Rosamond
William Congreve
The Old Bachelor
The Double Dealer
Thomas D'Urfey – The Richmond Heiress, or A Woman Once in the Right
Henry Higden – The Wary Widow, or Sir Noisy Parrot
George Powell – A Very Good Wife (adapted from Richard Brome's The City Wit and The Court Beggar)
Elkanah Settle – The New Athenian Comedy (published)
Thomas Southerne – The Maid's Last Prayer, or Any Rather Than Fail
Thomas Wright – The Female Virtuosos
Poetry
John Dryden – Examen Poeticum: Being the Third Part of Miscellany Poems (anthology)
Non-fiction
John Dennis – The Impartial Critick
John Dryden – A Discourse Concerning the Origin and Progress of Satire
John Evelyn – The Compleat Gard'ner
August Hermann Francke – Manuductio ad lectionem Scripturae Sacrae
Robert Gould – The Corruption of the Times by Money
John Locke – Some Thoughts Concerning Education
Cotton Mather – Wonders of the Invisible World
William Penn – An Essay towards the Present and Future Peace of Europe by the Establishment of a European Dyet, Parliament or Estates
Thomas Rymer – A Short View of Tragedy
Gabrielle Suchon – Traité de la morale et de la politique (On Morality and Politics)
Samuel Wesley – The Life of Our Blessed Lord
Births
March 5 – Johann Jakob Wettstein, Swiss theologian (died 1754)
May 10 – John Fox, English biographer (died 1763)
June 17 – Johann Georg Walch, German theologian (died 1775)
Unknown dates
Fray Casimiro Diaz, O.S.A., Spanish Augustinian friar and historian (died 1746)
Arthur Young, English religious writer and cleric (1759)
probable – Eliza Haywood, English dramatist, journalist and novelist (died 1756)
Deaths
February 7 – Paul Pellisson, French lawyer and author (born 1624)
April 9 – Roger de Rabutin, Comte de Bussy, French memoirist (born 1618)
May 25 – Madame de La Fayette, French writer (born 1634)
May 27 – John Spencer, English scholar and cleric (born 1630)
August (end) – Charles Blount, English deist author (suicide, born 1654)
September 9 – Ihara Saikaku (井原西鶴), Japanese poet and author of "floating-world" fiction (born 1642)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
is the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of The Oriental Land Company, and the representative director, chairman and CEO of the Tokyo Disney Resort in Japan.
Early life
In 1958, Kagami graduated from Keio University in Tokyo, Japan, with a bachelor's degree
Career
In 2009, Kagami was named chairman and CEO of The Oriental Land Company Ltd., and chairman of Milial Resort Hotels Co Ltd.
References
1936 births
Japanese chief executives
Businesspeople from Tokyo
Living people
Keio University alumni
High School Rapper 3 is a South Korean Hip hop survival television show.
Contestants
Color key
Team Finalization - Your Personal Story (Episodes 2 - 3)
Note : Indicates student performance not shown.
Team Battle - Textbook Literature (Episodes 4-5)
Note : * Contestant was eliminated.
Team Battle - Collaboration with Mentors (Episodes 5 - 6)
Semi-Final (Episode 7)
Final (Episode 8)
Notes
References
High School Rapper 3 contestants
High School Rapper
The following is a list of people executed by the U.S. state of South Dakota from 1877 to date. A total of 20 people have been executed in South Dakota since 1877. Prior to 1915, the sole method of execution was via hanging. South Dakota banned the death penalty in 1915, but it was reinstated in 1939. The method of execution was then changed to electrocution.
Capital punishment was reinstated in South Dakota in 1979 following the U.S. Supreme Court decision of Gregg v. Georgia. The method of execution was changed from electrocution to lethal injection in 1984. Since 1979, a total of 5 people have been executed, all by lethal injection.
See also
Capital punishment in South Dakota
Capital punishment in the United States
References
South Dakota
Executed
Tanaupodidae is a family of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes.
Genera:
Atanaupodus Judson & Makol, 2009
Eothrombium Berlese, 1910
Lassenia Newell, 1957
Neotanaupodus Garman, 1925
Neotyphlothrombium Robaux, 1968
Paratanaupodus Andre & Lelievre-Farjon, 1960
Paratyphlothrombium Robaux, 1968
Polydiscia Methlagl, 1928
Rhinothrombium Berlese, 1910
Tanaupoda Haller, 1882
Tanaupodaster Vitzthum, 1933
Tanaupodus Haller, 1882
Tignyia Oudemans, 1936
References
Trombidiformes
A community of circumstance is similar to a community of practice, except that it is driven by position, circumstance or life experiences rather than a shared interest. Examples might include cancer sufferers using a support newsgroup or the members of gay/lesbian newsgroups. A prison or other correctional facility can be thought of as a community of circumstance; passengers of the same plane form a temporary community of circumstance as well.
Related to
Community of action
Community of inquiry
Community of interest
Community of place
Community of position
Community of practice
Community of purpose
References
External links
DepressionNET: a web based community of circumstance for people living with depression
Circumstance
The Union Parliament () was the bicameral legislature of the Union of Burma from 1948 to 1962, when it was disbanded by the Union Revolutionary Council. It consisted of an upper house, the Chamber of Nationalities and a lower house, the Chamber of Deputies.
From 1957 to 1963, the Union Parliament was a member of the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU).
References
Legislatures of Myanmar
1947 establishments in Burma
1962 disestablishments in Burma
Defunct bicameral legislatures
Adrian High School is a public high school located in Adrian, Minnesota, United States and part of the Adrian School District (ISD #511).
Students from grades K12 are all housed in the same building, with classes for each level being held in different wings of the building. Grades 68 are defined as middle school and 912 as high school.
References
External links
Adrian High School
Public high schools in Minnesota
Schools in Nobles County, Minnesota
Public middle schools in Minnesota
Public elementary schools in Minnesota
Emery Ruelle was a professional ice hockey player who played for the Marquette Iron Rangers, Waterloo Black Hawks and Green Bay Bobcats of United States Hockey League. In 1966, he played on the United States men's national ice hockey team that was sent to compete at the International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American men's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players from Michigan
People from Houghton, Michigan
Erikli is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
History
Name of the village is mentioned as Hacıefe in the records of 1925. While it was a neighborhood of Kozluca village before, it gained the status of a village on 21 June 1948.
References
Villages in Burdur District
David Gems is a British geneticist and biogerontologist. He is Professor of Biology of Ageing at University College London where he is also deputy director of the Institute of Healthy Ageing. His work concerns understanding aging through the genetics of C. elegans.
Early life and education
Gems went to Dartington Hall School before attending the University of Sussex, graduating in 1983 with a BSc in Biochemistry. After graduation in 1983, Gems pursued various work in Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Mexico and USA. It is alleged that during his time in Nicaragua, Gems associated with the Sandinista National Liberation Front.<ref>"An interview with Carl Elliott", accessed November 21, 2010.
References
External links
Blue death: The frontiers of ageing research Video in which Gems discuss his work
David Gems Profile, Gems Laboratory
Biogerontologists
1960 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Sussex
British geneticists
Academics of University College London
The Palace of the Dukes of Palmela (Portuguese: Palácio dos Duques de Palmela) is a Portuguese palace located in Lisbon, Portugal.
The Palace
The Palace of the Dukes of Palmela dates from the late 18th century, having been designed by Manuel Caetano de Sousa in the year 1792. Since then, the palace has undergone several renovations in its long history.
The façade of the palace has rectangular windows, which are barred completely with the wrought iron balconies on the third floor of the façade. The main entrance to the palace is guarded by the presence of two larger than life sculptures on either side of the door and the coat of arms of the Dukes of Palmela above.
In 1977, the palace was acquired by the Portuguese government.
In 1981 the building suffered a fire that destroyed the palace's chapel.
The palace is currently the headquarters of the Portuguese Attorney General's Office.
See also
Palmela Palace (Cascais)
Sources
Palácio Palmela (In Portuguese)
Palmela (Palácio) (In Portuguese)
Palaces in Lisbon
Kremlevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 40 as of 2002. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Kremlevo is located 4 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Rylkovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Kadnikovsky Uyezd
Philip Nathaniel Sin Goi Wang (born 22 January 1990) is a British-Malaysian stand-up comedian and comedy writer who is a member of the sketch comedy group Daphne, and co-creator of their BBC Radio 4 series, Daphne Sounds Expensive. He currently hosts the comedy podcast ‘BudPod' with fellow comedian and Footlights alumnus Pierre Novellie.
Early life
Wang was born in Stoke-on-Trent to an English mother from Stoke and a Chinese-Malaysian father. One week after his birth, his family returned to his father's home town of Kota Kinabalu in Malaysia, where his parents had first met in 1982. His mother, a trained archaeologist, had moved to Malaysia as a volunteer with the Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO). Wang's maternal grandfather was from Derbyshire and became the manager of a tea estate in Assam, India, where his mother spent part of her childhood.
Wang grew up in Malaysia, where he was taught in Malay, Mandarin and English. He took GCSEs at Jerudong International School in Brunei. When he was 16, his family moved back to the UK, to Bath, Somerset. There he attended Kingswood School. He then studied engineering at King's College, Cambridge, where he was also president of the Cambridge Footlights.
Career
Wang won the 2010 Chortle Student Comedian of the Year Award and, in 2011, Comedy Central's Funniest Student Award. In 2012, he was president of Footlights at Cambridge University, where he did a four-year engineering degree. Wang has since performed at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival.
Wang has appeared in The Rob Brydon Show, Comedy Up Late, About Tonight, It Was Alright in the 70's, Room 101, Have I Got News for You, Unspun with Matt Forde, Would I Lie to You?, Live at the Apollo, 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown, The Dog Ate My Homework, Hypothetical, and Insert Name Here. He has also acted in the sitcom Top Coppers. In January 2018, he took part in Comedy Central's Roast Battle, hosted by Jimmy Carr, in which he battled friend and fellow comedian Ed Gamble; Wang won the battle.
Wang has recorded two full length stand-up shows, which are available to watch for free on his YouTube Channel. Wang has also written for The Guardian.
In 2017 Wang appeared in the podcast series Pappy's Flatshare Slamdown and Do the Right Thing.
On 4 July 2018 it was announced that Wang would be one of the contestants in series 7 of Taskmaster. Tasks he won included 'Make the best noise' and 'Most surprisingly beautiful thing'.
Wang is currently working on a stand-up comedy series for BBC Radio 4 titled Wangsplaining. The pilot episode aired on 19 May 2019 on BBC Radio 4.
In 2020, Wang appeared on Kevin McCloud's Rough Guide to the Future.
In December 2020 and May 2022, Wang appeared on Have I Got News For You.
In May 2021, Wang hosted a new podcast called Phil Wang Hates Horror, which was released on Audible.
Wang's Netflix comedy special, Phil Wang: Philly Philly Wang Wang, was released in August 2021. Shortly after, he released his first book Sidesplitter: How to Be from Two Worlds at Once in September 2021.
References
External links
Page on Chortle with news and tour dates
CV at agents' page
1990 births
Living people
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
British people of Malaysian descent
English people of Malaysian descent
English male comedians
English stand-up comedians
People from Stoke-on-Trent
Comedians from Staffordshire
In the United States, a designated survivor (or designated successor) is a named individual in the presidential line of succession, chosen to stay at an undisclosed secure location, away from events such as State of the Union addresses and presidential inaugurations. The practice of designating a successor is intended to prevent a hypothetical decapitation of the government and to safeguard continuity in the office of the president in the event the president along with the vice president and multiple other officials in the presidential line of succession die in a mass-casualty incident. The procedure originated in the 1950s during the Cold War with its risk of nuclear attack.
If such an event occurred, the surviving official highest in the line of succession as delineated in the Presidential Succession Act of 1947 would become Acting president of the United States. Consequently, the individual named as a designated survivor must be eligible to serve as president. In practice, the designated survivor is usually a member of the president's Cabinet, and is chosen by the president.
Congress also designates members of the Senate and House, one from each party to become their own "designated survivor" to maintain the existence of Congress in the event of a mass-casualty event.
Selection
The process for selection of the designated survivor has been described by those involved to be entirely random. However, the character of the event for which a designated survivor is being selected may cause some officials to be avoided in the selection process.
List of designated survivors
Portrayal in media
In The West Wing episode He Shall, from Time to Time..., Josh Lyman is instructed to "pick a guy" (referring to the designated survivor) for when the President gives his State of the Union Address. Ultimately, Secretary of Agriculture Roger Tribbey is chosen.
The role was the focus of the 2016 political drama series Designated Survivor, in which Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Tom Kirkman (Kiefer Sutherland) is sworn in as president following a terrorist attack that destroys the United States Capitol. The show also features another designated survivor from Congress, a member of the Republican Party.
Notes
References
External links
U.S. Senate's list of cabinet members who did not attend the State of the Union Address (since 1984)
Cabinet Members Who Did Not Attend the State of the Union Address Reagan (1984) – Trump The American Presidency Project [online]. Gerhard Peters (database). Santa Barbara, California: University of California (hosted).
United States presidential succession
Disaster preparedness in the United States
Continuity of government in the United States
Gokayama Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 18.9 km2. The dam impounds about 130 ha of land when full and can store 40200 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1983 and completed in 2017.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
2017 establishments in Japan
Man, Woman, Wild was a cable television reality series which originally aired on the Discovery Channel from July 2010 to January 2012. The show features former US Army Special Forces survival expert Mykel Hawke, and his television journalist wife, Ruth England, who have to survive for a half-week with limited supplies in wild and inhospitable locations around the world.
The show focuses on Hawke teaching his wife various survival skills such as starting fire without the aid of modern implements like matches and lighters, locating and treating sources of water, and eating non-traditional forms of food such as insects and wild plants. An emergency crew remained on permanent stand-by during filming and was actually utilized during the first season, for example, when England was overcome by severe heat exhaustion and dehydration in a Mexican desert.
Originally running for two seasons, Man, Woman, Wild's first episode aired on July 16, 2010, and its last episode aired on January 19, 2012. The survival series was not renewed for a third season, which was confirmed by Mykel Hawke via Facebook in January 2012. About the closure, Hawke stated: "The show in its current format was too hard on us and our family, so, we chose to stop".
In 2014, the couple resurrected the format in the Travel Channel series Lost Survivors.
Episodes
Season 1 (2010)
2010-07-16, Amazon
2010-07-23, Botswana
2010-07-30, Louisiana
2010-08-13, Tasmania
2010-08-20, Mexico
2010-08-27, Utah
2010-09-03, Motukitiu, Aitutaki, Cook Islands
2010-09-10, Alaska (Denali National Park)
2010-09-17, Tennessee (The Smoky Mountains)
2010-09-24, Dominica
Season 2 (2011–2012)
2011-09-02, Lost at Sea (near the Bahamas)
2011-09-09, Louisiana Firestorm
2011-09-16, Amazon Jungle Maze
2011-09-23, Quicksand & Sinkholes (South Andros in the Bahamas)
2011-09-23, Volcanic Destruction (Montserrat)
2011-09-30, Message in a Bottle (Pearl Islands, Panama)
2011-10-07, High Desert Thirst (Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in California)
2011-10-14, Bear Encounter (Blackfeet Nation in Montana)
2011-12-29, Bear's Kitchen (Alaska)
2012-01-05, Newts and Roots (Kentucky)
2012-01-12, Croatian Cave Odyssey (Velebit caves and mountains, Croatia)
2012-01-19, Scottish Highlands Peril
See also
Dual Survival
Man vs. Wild
Masters of Survival
Survivorman
Naked and Afraid
References
External links
2010s American reality television series
2010 American television series debuts
2012 American television series endings
2010s American documentary television series
Discovery Channel original programming
Works about survival skills
Uthlande, Utlande (Low German or Old Danish: The outer lands, in Danish also: Friselagen) is a term for the islands, halligen and marshes off the mainland of North Frisia in the Southwest Jutland, modern Nordfriesland district, Germany.
History
The name was first recorded in a 12th-century document. At the time, the islands differed considerably from the mainland regarding both their social constitution and political status. Today parts of the former Uthlande are submerged in the Wadden Sea — especially large parts of the island Strand — or have themselves become a part of the mainland by the construction of dikes or land reclamation.
On the Danish mainland the Hundreds later became the largest administrative subdivisions. They were composed of several parishes. In mainland Jutland there were also the syssels which used to comprise a number of Hundreds, but were completely unknown in the Uthlande. The local North Frisians became direct subjects of the Danish king and fought for him against the Holy Roman Empire and Holstein. However they succeeded in gaining a large-scale autonomy in the Middle Ages. They were exempt from the Code of Jutland of 1241 and were allowed to judge according to Frisian law (see also Lex Frisionum).
When Eric IV of Denmark tried to collect the plogpennig, a tax of one penny on every plow, in the Uthlande as well, he was forced to leave the area after having lost a number of knights due to resistance against the new tax law. His brother, killer and successor Abel even lost the greatest part of his army and his life when he tried to again enforce the plogpennig in Frisia in 1252.
In 1261 the city of Hamburg signed a peace treaty with Utlandia but it is unclear whether this meant only the three hundred Eiderstedt or the entire Uthlande. Until 1284, central administrative powers had become established in a way that Valdemar IV, Duke of Schleswig was able to contract a treaty with Bremen in the name of the Frisians.
Hundreds of the Uthlande
During the Middle Ages, the following Hundreds (Harden) were part of the Uthlande:
Bökingharde (Danish Bøking Herred, North Frisian Böökinghiird; approximately the area of the modern Bökingharde), today a part of the mainland
Horsbüllharde (Danish Horsbøl Herred; approximately the area of the modern Wiedingharde), today a part of the mainland
Wiriksharde (Danish Viriks Herred; approximately the area of Hallig Langeness)
Beltring Hundred (Danish Beltring Herred; north-eastern part of Strand), mostly submerged
Föhr Osterharde (Danish Før Østerherred; approximately the eastern part of Föhr), still an island
Föhr Westerharde (Danish Før Vesterherred; approximately the western part of Föhr plus Amrum), still on two islands
Pellworm Hundred (Danish Pelvorm Herred; southwestern part of Strand, roughly modern-day Pellworm), island, partly submerged
Edoms Hundred (Danish Edoms Herred; southern part of Strand including the submerged town of Rungholt), mostly submerged today
Lundenberg Hundred (Danish Lundebjerg Herred; south-eastern part of Strand, approximately modern Nordstrand), today a peninsula
Sylt (Danish Sild, North Frisian Söl), still an island
Eiderstedt (Danish Ejdersted, North Frisian Ääderstää; eastern part of today's Eiderstedt peninsula)
Evershop (north-western part of modern Eiderstedt including Westerhever, then an island), today a peninsula
Utholm (Danish Udholm; south-western part of modern Eiderstedt including Sankt Peter-Ording, then an island), today a peninsula
This list of areas varies according to sources and years and the shape of the coastline has changed considerably during the last centuries. Important sources include the Danish Census Book of king Valdemar II of Denmark, and historicising maps by Johannes Mejer (printed in 1652). In the Census Book there is a separate list of all inhabited islands of the west coast. The three placenames Gaestaenacka, Hwaelae major and Hwaelae minor that are mentioned there cannot be found and confirmed today. The common assumption that these islands lay west off Strand and were destroyed in 14th century storm surges is contested. The names may have resulted from faulty transcriptions by a scribe who tried to translate the names of DeStrand, Eydaerstath and Hewerschop into Latin language.
Uthlande Region
In 2002 the association Regionale Partnerschaft Uthlande e.V. was established which aims to promote the "Region Uthlande" that comprises the islands and halligen of Nordfriesland.
References
General references
Two historical maps.
Citations
External links
Pellworm island museum
Region Uthlande homepage
History of Frisia
North Frisia
Former states and territories of Schleswig-Holstein
A mosaic protein is a protein that is made up of different protein domains, giving the protein multiple functions. These proteins have quaternary structures, as they are made up of multiple tertiary structured protein domains. Protein domains can combine to form different types of proteins, creating a diversity of proteins. These domains are spread throughout the genome because they are mobile, which is why some domains can be found in a variety of proteins, even though they are seemingly unrelated. This also allows the domains to fold independently, and so they don't become deformed and unfolded in a new environment.
Whereas many proteins are encoded by a single gene, many others get peptide chains from several genes; it is the nature of mosaic proteins that they are always polygenic.
Development
All proteins are transcribed and produced from blueprints in the cell, called genes. Mosaic proteins can be made when two adjacent genes are transcribed together and are therefore made into the same protein. This can benefit the protein because it makes the protein more stable and gives the protein a more complex function. For example, if the protein is an enzyme, it will be able to act more efficiently with its substrates.
Additionally, these proteins are most utilized outside of the cell membrane or on the outer side of membrane proteins. This suggests that these multifunctional proteins played a part in the development of multicellular organisms.
Examples
There are many studies comparing different mosaic proteins and their functional domains, trying to understand protein families and the overall functions of different proteins. For example, SpCRL and SpCRS proteins in sea urchins have a variety of functional domains that are also found within other proteins in the animal. By making comparisons, scientists can understand the complex roles these proteins play. Also, scientists are using the concept of mosaic proteins to improve vaccine function. Vaccines are injections of weak germ cells into the body that stimulate the body to produce antibodies specific to that germ. This ensures that the body will build an immunity, and that next time the germ is introduced, it will be more equipped to fight it off. Mosaic proteins of the germs can be designed in order to maximize antibody production and quality.
See also
Fluid mosaic model
References
External links
http://www.hiv.lanl.gov/content/sequence/MOSAIC/mosaic_explanation.html
http://what-when-how.com/molecular-biology/mosaic-protein-molecular-biology/
http://www.nature.com/icb/journal/v71/n3/abs/icb199324a.html
Proteins
The New York Military Affairs Symposium (NYMAS), is an independent, not for profit educational body dedicated to the preservation and furthering of military history in the city of New York. The membership includes scholars, active and retired military personnel, and concerned civilians. NYMAS is devoted to increasing public knowledge, awareness and understanding of military history, arms control, international relations, defense policy, disarmament, civil-military relations, international security, Veterans Affairs and the interrelationship of war, society, and culture through the presentation and dissemination of diverse scholarly viewpoints - with particular reference to the history of warfare involving the United States and of Americans at war.
Background
NYMAS has it origins in the late 1970s, when some graduate students in military history from CUNY, members of the Arms Control Workshop at Columbia University, and a number of interested laymen began holding periodic informal study groups, at Columbia, the Loeb Student Center at New York University, the former CUNY Graduate from Center on 42nd Street, and in private homes. On occasion, members were able to arrange for distinguished historians and other scholars to meet with the group, often over dinner.
In 1982 NYMAS was incorporated as a not-for-profit academic organization under the laws of the State of New York.
Overview
Since incorporation, NYMAS has hosted more than a thousand guests, including scholars working in many diverse disciplines, as well as journalists, graduate students, active and former military personnel, museum curators, peace activists, novelists, diplomats, political leaders, documentarians, and many more. Many guests have been well-established scholars or specialists in their fields, such as Sir Michael Howard, Gerhard Weinberg, Gary Sick, Geoffrey P. Megargee, Peter Paret, David Glantz, Morris Rossabi, Sir John Keegan, Thomas Fleming, Sir Jeremy Black, Gunther E. Rothenberg Ellen Schrecker, Sir Max Hastings, David Kahn, Susan Shwartz, Kevin Baker, Theodore Cook, and Christopher Duffy. Most, however, have been younger scholars, a number of whom have subsequently attained some measure of fame, such as James S. Corum, Ross Hassig, David Petraeus, Peter Mansoor, and Arden Bucholz, to note but a few.
NYMAS currently presents twenty-three lectures each academic year. These are given by scholars, journalists, diplomats, active and retired military personnel, and knowledgeable laymen represent viewpoints all across the political spectrum. In addition, NYMAS usually holds two day-and-a-half conferences each year, bringing together scholars, veterans, diplomats, and others, to explore a particular topic in some depth, and occasionally holds special events.
Sampling of programs
A short list of some of the talks given over the years illustrates the breadth of interests and topics covered by NYMAS:
"Imperialism and World System Formation: The Case of Teotihuacan"
"Strategy and Technology in the American Civil War"
"Ancient Greek and Roman Military Leadership"
"The French Army and the Dreyfus Affair"
"Islamic-Mongol Warfare"
"'High Treason': The Stalinist Purges"
"William Donovan, Mussolini, and the Ethiopian War"
"Amphibious Warfare Doctrine in the Inter-War Years"
"Fortification and Authority in Medieval Ireland"
"Racism in the Frontier Army"
"The Battle of Brooklyn"
"Hell Fighters from Harlem"
"Horses, Hitler, and the German Army"
"The Jewish Contribution in The Civil War"
"Winston Churchill and the Dardanelles"
"Warfare in Roman Britain"
"My Lai and the International Criminal Court,"
"Taranto: Europe's Pearl Harbor?"
"Warfare Among the Northwest Coast Indians"
"Eighteenth Century British Amphibious Operations in the Caribbean"
"Women Writers, National Socialism, and World War II"
"Airpower in the Spanish Civil War"
NYMAS talks are frequently broadcast on CSPAN's American History TV
NYMAS conferences have dealt with such topics as "The New Balkan Wars", "1942: Year of Decision", "The Novelist and the Historian", "The Invasion of Japan, 1945", "Military Operations on the Eastern Front, 1944-1945", "Longstreet Reconsidered", which led to the publication of James Longstreet: The Man, the Soldier, the Controversy (1998), and "The Makers of Non-Western Strategy."
NYMAS often co-sponsors events, over the years having partnered with the CUNY Office of Veterans' Affairs, Independent Network News, the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University, Committee for a SANE Nuclear Policy, the New York City CWRT, the New York University East Asian Studies Program, the Western Front Association, Weaponry (radio program) on WBAI, and other groups in arranging lectures or conferences.
In addition to lectures and conferences, NYMAS has occasionally sponsored or co-sponsored special events, such as museum tours, film screenings, staff rides, and historical re-enactments.
NYMAS book awards
NYMAS publishes a quarterly review of recent literature for members, and annually presents The Arthur Goodzeit Book Award, for the best new work in military history or a related field, and The NYMAS Civil War Award, which can go to a notable new book on the American Civil War or to a distinguished scholar for lifetime achievement. The award currently includes $1,000 prize money, courtesy of Robert and Martha Rowen.
The NYMAS website carries a variety of resources, such as the current lecture schedule, scholarly papers, book extracts, podcasts of recent lectures, and other reference materials, including lists of books and scholars who have received the NYMAS awards.
Venue
NYMAS talks are generally held on Fridays at 7:00 pm during the academic year at the Soldiers', Sailors', Marines', Coast Guard and Airmen's Club (SSAMC) located at 283 Lexington Avenue, corner 37th Street in midtown Manhattan.
Legal status and administration
NYMAS is a tax exempt membership corporation chartered under the laws of New York State and is associated with the Society for Military History, Region 2.
Presidents of NYMAS:
Prof. Brian R. Sullivan, Yale, The Naval War College, & National Defense University, 1982-1990
Prof. David Syrett, CUNY, 1990-2004
Prof. David Gordon; CUNY, 2004-date
Executive Directors:
Geraldo Trombella
Robert L. Miller 1945-2016
Dan David
Eugene Feit 1948-2010
Kathleen Broome Williams
Selection of previous speakers and topics
Citation for all speakers and topics: NYMAS.org
References
External links
The NYMAS Website http://nymas.org/
NYMAS on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/NewYorkMAS
NYMAS audio podcasts and fulltext resources http://nymas.org/podcasts.html
Organizations based in New York City
Historical societies of the United States
Veterans' affairs in the United States
Murray Hill, Manhattan
Clubs and societies in New York City
Historical societies in New York City
1970s establishments in New York City
Kundali Bhagya () is an Indian Hindi-language romantic drama television series created by Ekta Kapoor. It premiered on 12 July 2017 on Zee TV. A spin-off series of Kumkum Bhagya, it stars Shraddha Arya, Manit Joura, Ruhi Chaturvedi, Sanjay Gagnani and Shakti Arora.
Plot
Arora sisters Preeta and Srishti leave their hometown Nasik after the death of their father, Raghuveer Arora, who before dying asked his daughters to go to Mumbai and reunite with their mother, Sarla.
Preeta meets the Luthra family and becomes a physiotherapist to their matriarch, Bani Luthra whose younger grandson Karan, a popular cricket star, shares an adversarial relationship with her while the elder grandson Rishabh, a successful business tycoon, shares a rather cordial relationship. The interpersonal relationships develop and grow from this meeting. Karan-Preeta's alliance slowly blossoms into friendship and they gradually fall in love. After a misunderstanding, Karan starts loathing Preeta and marries her out of spite. Though they resolve their differences but their enemies, Sherlyn and Prithvi, keep creating obstacles for the two to keep them apart.
3 months later
Preeta and Karan adopt a child, Pihu. It is later revealed that Karan's college friend and one-sided lover, Sonakshi, made Preeta realise that it is not possible for her to conceive and she gave her pills which will unknowingly stop her from conceiving. Sonakshi hires a goon who creates an accident, in which Pihu dies, and the entire Luthra family members blame Preeta for it and she is thrown out of the house. Preeta leaves for Bangalore with her grandmother.
2 years later
Preeta is back in Mumbai and is working as a physiotherapist at a clinic. She soon learns about what happened in the past two years, where Prithvi captured the Luthras' property and business, and Mahesh is suffering from mental illness. Soon she starts resolving all the problems for the family, and manages to bring Rishabh back, who was stuck in Dubai due to a case planned and plotted against him by Prithvi and Sherlyn. Karan's mind is being poisoned to make him believe that Preeta and Rishabh are having an affair. In a certain turn of events, Natasha and Roxy push a drunk Karan off the dam and he is presumed to be dead. Preeta finds out that she is pregnant with Karan's child. The Luthras perform their custom, Chadar Andazi, where Rishabh marries Preeta.
5 years later
Preeta has given birth to her and Karan's baby, a daughter, Kavya. A mysterious man named Arjun Suryavanshi, who is infact Karan who had a plastic surgery plus a memory loss after his accident, makes an entry into her life to whom she feels drawn to. After remembering everything, Arjun is on a mission to destroy Rishabh and Preeta because he believes that they were the ones to push him off the dam.
Cast
Main
Shraddha Arya as Dr. Preeta Luthra (née Arora): Sarla and Raghuveer's second daughter; Pragya, Bulbul and Srishti's sister; Prithvi's former fiancée; Karan's former wife; Pihu's adoptive mother; Kavya's mother; Rishabh's second wife (2017–present)
Dheeraj Dhoopar as Karan Luthra: Rakhi and Mahesh's younger son; Rishabh and Ruchika's brother; Kritika and Sameer's cousin; Preeta's first husband; Pihu's adoptive father; Kavya's father (2017–2022)
Manit Joura as Rishabh Luthra: Rakhi and Mahesh's elder son; Karan and Ruchika's brother; Sameer and Kritika's cousin; Sherlyn's ex-husband; Preeta's second husband (2017–2021/2022–present)
Ruhi Chaturvedi as Sherlyn Malhotra (née Khurana): Sanjana's daughter; Rishabh's ex-wife; Prithvi's second wife (2017–present)
Sanjay Gagnani as Prithvi Malhotra: Pawan's brother; Preeta's former fiancé; Kritika's ex-husband; Sherlyn's second husband (2017–present)
Shakti Arora
as Karan Luthra: Rakhi and Mahesh's younger son; Rishabh and Ruchika's brother; Kritika and Sameer's cousin; Preeta's first husband; Pihu's adoptive father; Kavya's father (2022–present)
as Arjun Suryavanshi: A rich businessman from London; Nidhi's fiancé (2022–present)
Recurring
Vijay Kashyap as Raghuveer Arora: Daljeet's son; Sarla's husband; Pragya, Preeta, Bulbul and Srishti's father; Kiara, Prachi, Rhea and Kavya's grandfather; Pihu's adoptive grandfather (2017)
Supriya Shukla as Sarla Arora: Raghuveer's wife; Pragya, Preeta, Bulbul and Srishti's mother; Kiara, Prachi, Rhea and Kavya's grandmother; Pihu's adoptive grandmother (2017–2022)
Anjum Fakih as Srishti Luthra (née Arora): Sarla and Raghuveer's youngest daughter; Pragya, Preeta and Bulbul's sister; Sameer's wife (2017–present)
Abhishek Kapur as Sameer Luthra: Rishabh, Karan, Ruchika and Kritika's cousin; Srishti's husband (2017–present)
Madhu Raja as Daljeet Arora: Matriarch of the Arora family; Raghuveer's mother; Pragya, Preeta, Bulbul and Srishti's grandmother (2017–present)
Jasjeet Babbar/Mehnaaz Shroff as Janki: The Aroras' handmaiden; Poorvi's mother (2017–2021)/(2021–present)
Twinkle Vashisht as Kritika Luthra: Kareena's daughter; Rishabh, Karan, Ruchika and Sameer's cousin; Akshay's former fiancée; Prithvi's first wife (2017–present)
Mrinal Singh Lal as Ruchika Luthra: Mahesh and Rakhi's daughter; Rishabh and Karan's sister; Sameer and Kritika's cousin (2017)
Neelam Mehra as Bani Luthra: Matriarch of the Luthra family; Mahesh, Suresh and Kareena's mother; Rishab, Karan, Kritika, Sameer and Ruchika's grandmother (2017–present)
Naveen Saini as Mahesh Luthra: Bani's elder son; Suresh and Kareena's brother; Rakhi's husband; Karan, Rishabh and Ruchika's father; Pihu's adoptive grandfather; Kavya's grandfather (2017–present)
Anisha Hinduja as Rakhi Luthra: Mahesh's wife; Rishabh, Karan and Ruchika's mother; Pihu's adoptive grandmother; Kavya's grandmother (2017–present)
Pyumori Mehta Ghosh/Usha Bachani as Kareena Luthra: Bani's daughter; Mahesh and Suresh's sister; Kritika's mother (2017–present)
Sahil Phull as Deepak: Preeta's former fiancé (2017)
Shyn Khurana as Malishka: Karan's former girlfriend (2017)
Sanjana Phadke as Sanjana Khurana: Sherlyn's mother (2017–present)
Roma Arora as Sofia: Karan's former girlfriend (2017–2018)
Mahira Sharma as Monisha Sharma: Karan's former fiancé (2018–2019)
Isha Anand Sharma as Tapsee: Prithvi's former girlfriend (2018)
Mandeep Bamra as Vicky (2019)
Ashish Mehrotra/Mukul Harish/Naveen Sharma as Akshay Ahuja: Ruchika's boyfriend; Megha's husband; Kritika's former fiancé (2017)/(2018)/(2021)
Girish Thapar as Mr. Ahuja: Akshay's father (2017–2018/2021)
Parveen Kaur as Mrs. Ahuja: Akshay's mother (2017–2018/2021)
Swati Kapoor as Mahira Khanna: Karan's obsessive one-sided lover and ex-fiancée; Ramona's daughter (2019–2021)
Kasturi Banerjee/Geetanjali Mishra as Ramona Khanna: Mahira's mother (2019–2020/2020–2021)
Akshay Raj Jawrani as Shiv: Karan's friend; Preeta's one-sided lover (2019)
Ankit Gupta as Pawan Malhotra: Prithvi's younger brother (2020–2021)
Saptrishi Ghosh as Suresh Luthra: Bani's younger son; Mahesh and Kareena's brother; Pammi's husband (2021)
Shravani Goswami as Parminder "Pammi" Luthra: Suresh's wife (2021)
Priyanka Zemse as Ruchika: Akshay's girlfriend (2021)
Ruchita Anchor as Megha Ahuja: Akshay's wife (2021)
Mansi Srivastava as Sonakshi Raichand: Karan's college friend and one-sided lover (2021)
Hemant Choudhary as Yashvardhan Raichand: Sonakshi's father (2021)
Giriraj Kabra as Rajat Bedi: Sonakshi's fiancé (2021)
Trupti Mishra as Dr. Deepali (2021)
Swarna Pandey as Pihu Luthra: Karan and Preeta's adopted daughter; Kavya's adopted elder sister (2021)
Rishika Nag as Natasha Khurana aka Payal: A con-woman and Sherlyn's fake younger cousin sister (2021–2022)
Vipin Sharma as Nagre: Prithvi's advocate (2021–2022)
Ananya Gambhir as Kavya Luthra: Karan and Preeta's daughter; Pihu's adoptive younger sister (2022–present)
Sonal Vengurlekar as Anjali Hinduja: Arjun's one-sided lover; Nidhi's younger sister (2022–present)
Niya Sharma as Nidhi Hinduja: Arjun's fiancée; Anjali's elder sister (2022–present)
Guests
Production
Filming
The production and airing of the show was halted indefinitely in late March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Because of the outbreak, the filming of television series and films was halted on 19 March 2020 and expected to resume on 1 April 2020 but could not and the series was last broadcast on 24 March 2020 when the remaining episodes were aired. After three months, the production and filming of the series resumed on 29 June 2020 and broadcast to resume from 13 July 2020.
Reception
Viewership
In its debut week, it was the fourth-most-watched television show in the twenty eighth week (8–14 July) of 2017 in Hindi GEC 5.796 urban and 4.064 rural million impressions. In week 40, 2017 (30 September – 6 October), the soap opera recorded 11.216 million impressions and continued to be the second most watched show. In first week of October 2017, it was at second position with 11.21 million impressions while the following two weeks it topped with 11.63 and 11.60 million impressions.
The show topped TRP charts in January 2018 with a staggering viewership in all India. Due to continuous increases in ratings and topping the charts, the show became the biggest weekday launch since 2017 by Balaji Telefilms.
After topping the charts continuously for six months with minor exceptions wherein the show was among the top three most-watched shows; its first spot was taken by Colors' Naagin (season 2).
In week 51 of 2018 it was at third position with 11.4 million impressions in Hindi GEC.
In week 18 of 2019, it was at second position with 10.048 million impressions. In week 21 of 2019, it was at third position in overall Hindi GEC with 11.523 million impressions. In week 22 of 2019, the show topped the ratings charts with 7.122 million impressions in urban ratings and 5.306 million rural. It was beaten in urban ratings by Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai since week 28 of 2018 pushing Kundali Bhagya to second place. However, it took back its first place in week 38 of 2019, pushing Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai to second position.
The series became the most watched when it resumed after three months after the COVID-19 break garnering 5.509 million impressions in Hindi GEC urban. In last two weeks of July 2020 it maintained its top position in Hindi GEC with 13.3 and 12.4 million impressions.
In second week of 2021, it further dropped in urban to fourth position garnering 6.849 million impressions while it dropped to third position overall. In fourth week, it maintained its third position overall with 11.13 million impressions. The following week it dropped to fifth and fourth positions in urban and overall with 6.647 and 10.989 million impressions. In its sixth week, it rose to 7.220 in urban occupying fourth position and at second position overall with 12.017 million impressions while the following week it maintained its urban position while dropping overall with 6.684 and 10.683 million impressions. In week 10, it was at fifth and fourth position in urban and overall with 6.516 and 10.403 million impressions. The following week it jumped to second position in urban and overall at the top with 7.285 and 11.754 million impressions. The following week it dropped to fourth positions in both urban and overall with 6.588 and 10.681 million impressions. In week 13, it garnered 10.651 million impressions overall with second position overall while dropping out of the top 5 in urban. The following week it garnered 11.319 occupying third position.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Kundali Bhagya at ZEE5
Kumkum Bhagya
Balaji Telefilms television series
Zee TV original programming
Hindi-language television shows
Indian drama television series
Indian television soap operas
2017 Indian television series debuts
Television shows set in Delhi
Indian romance television series
Indian television spin-offs
Ong-Art Singlumpong () is a Thai film director. Currently he is the executive director of Channel 8.
Filmography
Dreamers (Fan Tid Fai Huajai Tid Din) (1997)
Friendship Breakdown (Taek 4 Rak Lop Krot Lew) (1999)
The Sin (Choo) (2004)
References
External links
Thai Film Director profile
1971 births
Ong-Art Singlumpong
Living people
Ong-Art Singlumpong
Ong-Art Singlumpong
The Portrait of Cardinal Alessandro Farnese is a portrait of cardinal Alessandro Farnese (the future Pope Paul III) by Raphael, executed circa 1509-1511.
The cardinal posed near a window with a bright foreground, leading into a dark hall. His delicate right hand holds a letter.
The painting resides at the Museo Nazionale di Capodimonte in Naples.
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
Notes
References
External links
Catalogue entry
1511 paintings
Farnese
16th-century portraits
Paintings in the collection of the Museo di Capodimonte
The gadwall (Mareca strepera) is a common and widespread dabbling duck in the family Anatidae.
Taxonomy
The gadwall was first described by Carl Linnaeus in his landmark 1758 10th edition of Systema Naturae. DNA studies have shown that it is a sister species with the falcated duck; the two are closely related to the three species of wigeons, and all of them have been assigned to the genus Mareca. There are two subspecies:
M. s. strepera, the common gadwall, described by Linnaeus, is the nominate subspecies.
M. s. couesi, Coues's gadwall, extinct 1874, was formerly found only on Teraina, a coral atoll in the Pacific Ocean.
The specific name strepera is Late Latin for "noisy". The etymology of the word gadwall is not known, but the name has been in use since 1666.
Description
The gadwall is long with a wingspan. The male is slightly larger than the female, weighing on average against her . The breeding male is patterned grey, with a black rear end, light chestnut wings, and a brilliant white speculum, obvious in flight or at rest. In non-breeding (eclipse) plumage, the drake looks more like the female, but retains the male wing pattern, and is usually greyer above and has less orange on the bill.
The female is light brown, with plumage much like a female mallard. It can be distinguished from that species by the dark orange-edged bill, smaller size, the white speculum, and white belly. Both sexes go through two moults annually, following a juvenile moult.
The gadwall is a quieter duck, except during its courtship display. Females give a call similar to the quack of a female mallard but higher-pitched, transcribed as gag-ag-ag-ag. Males give a grunt, transcribed as mep, and a whistle.
Distribution
The gadwall breeds in the northern areas of Europe and across the Palearctic, and central North America. In North America, its breeding range lies along the Saint Lawrence River, through the Great Lakes, Alberta, Saskatchewan, the Dakotas, south to Kansas, west to California, and along coastal Pacific Canada and southern coastal Alaska. The range of this bird appears to be expanding into eastern North America. This dabbling duck is strongly migratory, and winters farther south than its breeding range, from coastal Alaska, south into Central America, and east into Idaho, Kansas, Ohio, Virginia, and then south all the way into Central America.
In Great Britain, the gadwall is a scarce-breeding bird and winter visitor, though its population has increased in recent years. It is likely that its expansion was partly through introduction, mainly to England, and partly through colonization by continental birds staying to breed in Scotland. In Ireland a small breeding population has recently become established, centred on County Wexford in the south and Lough Neagh in the north. The Gadwall is also seen in some parts of South Asia, particularly the southern part of India.
Behaviour
The gadwall is a bird of open wetlands, such as prairie or steppe lakes, wet grassland or marshes with dense fringing vegetation, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food with head submerged. They can also dive underwater for food, more proficiently than other dabbling ducks, and may also steal food from diving birds such as coots. It nests on the ground, often some distance from water. It is not as gregarious as some dabbling ducks outside the breeding season and tends to form only small flocks.
Gadwalls are monogamous and may start breeding after their first year. Pair formation begins during fall migration or on breeding grounds, but has also been reported to occur in August when males are still in eclipse plumage. Gadwalls are generally quiet, except during courtship. The male utters a mep call during a display known as the burp, where he raises his head pointing his bill towards a female. The grunt-whistle is similar to that of mallards, where the male rears his outstretched head with the bill dipped into water, displacing a stream of water droplets towards a nearby female as the bill is raised against the chest. During this display the male makes a loud whistle call followed by a low burp. Paired males may follow other females in flight displays.
Young birds feed on insects at first; adults also eat some molluscs and insects during the nesting season.
Conservation
Currently, the gadwall is listed as least concern in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. The gadwall is one of the species to which the Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds (AEWA) applies. Populations have increased approximately 2.5% over the course of 49 years (from 1966 to 2010), and continue to grow. Gadwalls are one of the most hunted duck species (3rd to the mallard and green-winged teal), with 1.7 million shot each year.
Because of the efforts of the United States and Canadian groups Ducks Unlimited, Delta Waterfowl Foundation and other private conservation groups, the species continues to be sustainably hunted there.
Gallery
References
Literature cited
Gadwall Duck Journal (Anas Strepera): 150 Page Lined Notebook/diary. N.p.: CreateSpace Publishing Platform, 2018. ISBN 9781724968739
External links
RSPB Birds by Name Gadwall Page
Gadwall Species Account – Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Gadwall – Anas strepera – USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Gadwal at the Massachusetts Breeding Bird Atlas
Feathers of gadwall (Anas strepera)
Mareca
Ducks
Holarctic birds
Birds described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Chinese Whispers: The True Story Behind Britain's Hidden Army of Labour is a non-fiction book by UK-based journalist and author Hsiao-Hung Pai, first published in 2008. It is about the lives of migrant workers from China in the UK. The book was shortlisted for the 2009 Orwell Prize and reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. To research the book, Pai went undercover.
See also
History of Chinese immigration to the United Kingdom
References
External links
Reviews – via hsiao-hung.com
2008 non-fiction books
Non-fiction books about immigration to Europe
Penguin Books books
Imma chlorosphena is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The wingspan is about 15 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous, slightly ochreous tinged, darker posteriorly, the costa and termen suffusedly blackish fuscous. In males there is an oval impression beneath the costa at two-fifths, containing a tuft of whitish-ochreous scales from the upper margin, covered by a flap of long fuscous scales from the anterior margin. The hindwings are blackish fuscous, with an elongated wedge-shaped ochreous-whitish spot in the middle of the disc.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Isaac Gálvez López (20 May 1975 in Vilanova i la Geltrú, Spain – 26 November 2006 in Ghent) was a Spanish track and road racing cyclist who rode for Caisse d'Epargne-Illes Balears in the UCI ProTour. He died during the Six Days of Ghent cycling event in Belgium after colliding with Dimitri De Fauw and crashing against the railing. He died from internal bleeding. At the time of the accident he had only been married for three weeks.
After this, De Fauw suffered from depression and he committed suicide on 6 November 2009.
After the second stage of the 2007 edition of the Vuelta a Murcia was cancelled due to strong winds, the organisers dedicated the day's prizes to Gálvez in his memory. Gálvez's sister Débora Gálvez is also a racing cyclist.
Gálvez competed for Spain at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1999
1st Madison (with Joan Llaneras), UCI Track World Championships
2000
1st Clásica de Almería
2001
1st Stage GP dos Mosqueteiros
1st Stage Volta ao Alentejo
2002
1st Trofeo Mallorca
2003
1st Trofeo Mallorca
1st Trofeo Alcudia
1st Stage Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme
1st Stage Volta a Catalunya
2005
1st Stage Critérium International
2006
1st Madison (with Joan Llaneras), UCI Track World Championships
1st Trofeo Mallorca
1st Trofeo Alcudia
1st Stage Four Days of Dunkirk
Notes
References
External links
1975 births
2006 deaths
Spanish male cyclists
Cyclists who died while racing
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Spain
Sport deaths in Belgium
People from Vilanova i la Geltrú
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
UCI Track Cycling World Champions (men)
Spanish track cyclists
Cyclists from Catalonia
Zeina Arida (born 1970) is an art, culture, and heritage executive from Lebanon. In November 2021 she was appointed director of Mathaf: Arab Museum of Modern Art in Doha, Qatar.
Biography
Arida was born in Beirut, Lebanon and educated in Beirut and Paris. She studied literature and theatre at Sorbonne University in Paris, graduating in 1993. From 1997–2014, she was the director of the Arab Image Foundation, where she contributed to the development of a photography preservation program. From 2014, she was the director of the Sursock Museum in Beirut, where she raised over $2.5 million following the explosion in the port that created massive damage including to the museum.
Arida is a member of the board for the Board of Directors of MUCEM, on the Advisory Board of Darat al Funun, a member of the Arab Image Foundation, and member of the Scientific Committee of the Art Mill Museum in Doha. She also has worked for Unesco, the French Cultural Centre, and the French Embassy, service for which she has been awarded the Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government. In November 2021 she was appointed director of Mathaf: Arab Museum of Modern Art in Doha, Qatar.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Museum directors
Women museum directors
1970 births
People from Beirut
The Great Pyramid Monument is a German proposal for a mausoleum, patterned after the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt.
Beginnings
The concept of constructing a modern pyramid was originally proposed by German writer Ingo Niermann. He suggested a memorial be erected in the former East Germany, to serve as a democratic tomb for people from any ethnic, ethical and religious group. If developed correctly it could also become a tourist attraction, and a beginning point for intercultural dialog.
Concept
The Great Pyramid is envisioned as the world's largest monument, potentially serving every human being as a grave or memorial site.
The group's mission statement explains that the monument is envisioned as being "affordable" as well as "[serving] all nationalities and religions. Individuals who are either unwilling or unable to have their ashes buried there can also opt to have a memorial stone placed instead. Stones can be custom designed with any number of colors, images, or relief decorations. The Great Pyramid will continue to grow with every stone placed, eventually forming the largest structure in the history of man."
Choosing (and re-visiting) the ancient building technique and shape of a pyramid is integral to the project, as it allows for continuous growth (see Fig.1) of the monument site.
Background
The Great Pyramid Monument is based on the idea of German writer and journalist Ingo Niermann, which he first proposed in 2006 in a collection of essays on possible measures to restructure German society and to solve some of the pertinent problems of 21st century Germany (Umbauland, ~ translates to refurbish-country or change-country).
Together with economist Jens Thiel, engineer Heiko Holzberger and a few others, he founded the group "Friends of the Great Pyramid". They raised initial funding of some 100.000 € from a German federal foundation Kulturstiftung des Bundes in their program for the Future of Labor. This enabled the group to pursue the project of the Great pyramid in terms of public relations, to develop a solid business plan, and to scout for feasible building sites, especially in Eastern Germany. The endeavour is portrayed in a feature-length documentary film by German director Frauke Finsterwalder.
Reactions to the Concept of the 'Great Pyramid Monument'
Regional (Dessau, Eastern Germany)
In spring 2007, a thorough analysis of the infrastructure in Eastern Germany narrowed the most feasible site for the great pyramid to a region outside Dessau, 100 km south of Berlin. The two villages of Streetz and Natho, however, showed limited enthusiasm for the project. Nevertheless, an interesting dialogue had begun, and September 2007 saw a symbolic founding stone being laid in Streetz, Dessau-Rosslau, Germany. A festival which showcased international and local artists accompanied this event and received considerable national and international media coverage.
International
Since the website launch in early spring 2007, the idea of the great pyramid monument has fueled interest in several countries. Almost 1500 entities currently express their support for the idea of such an alternative forthcoming necropolis by holding a non-binding reservation for a resting stone in the pyramid via the group's website.
The relaunch issue of the Italian design magazine Abitare (October 2007) featured Niermann's concept in his own words. Scottish singer and cultural critic Nick Currie aka Momus likes the idea, while remaining wary of an implied or a perceived fascist aesthetic.
Architectural competition
As of November 2007, a closed-call competition to develop a sound architectural concept in designing the pyramid building and its surroundings is in progress. Participating architects include
Ai Weiwei, Beijing, Arquitectonica, Miami and New York, Atelier Bow-Wow, Tokyo, Nikolaus Hirsch, Wolfgang Lorch and Markus Miessen, Frankfurt/M. and London, and MADA s.p.a.m., Shanghai and Los Angeles.
The pyramid monument group has also gathered an internationally renowned jury board, comprising Omar Akbar, Architect and Executive Director of the Bauhaus Dessau Foundation, Stefano Boeri, Architect and Editor of the magazine Abitare, Milan, Rem Koolhaas (President of the Jury), Architect, Rotterdam, for the group themselves Ingo Niermann, writer and journalist, as well as Miuccia Prada, designer and entrepreneur from Milan.
References
Proposed buildings and structures in Germany
Mausoleums in Germany
Pyramids in Germany
Abu Bakr Muhammad Ibn ‘Abd al-Bāqī al-Baghdadi al-Ansārī al-Kaabī (1050-1141) (Arabic: محمد بن عبد الباقي البغدادي) also known as Qadi al-Maristan, was an Arab jurist and mathematician.
He was the author of a commentary on the tenth book of Euclid's Elements, which was translated by Gerard of Cremona as Liber judei super decimum Euclidis. The work was popular in Europe with several Latin manuscripts still extant.
Other works include:
Jadawil al-Jayb al-Mahlul al-Daqiqa (detailed tables of sines for each minute),
Risala fi Taqrib Usul al-Hisab fi' al-Jabr wa-‘l-Muqabala (Treatise on approximation of principles of arithmetic)
Kitab al-Tabaqat fi Sharh al-Misaha (book on measurements)
Machometus Bagdedinus
Muhammad Ibn ‘Abd al-Bāqī has been identified by modern scholars with the Latin name, Machometus Bagdedinus, although this identification is sometimes disputed.
Machometus Bagdedinus, was an Arab author whose translated work, De superficierum divisionibus liber, contains the only trace of Euclid's work "On Divisions of Figures" in the Latin tradition. The work was later printed in 1570, edited by John Dee and Federico Commandino.
References
External links
1050 births
1141 deaths
11th-century Arabs
12th-century Arabs
11th-century Muslims
11th-century mathematicians
Medieval Iraqi mathematicians
Duno may refer to:
People
José Duno (born 1977), Venezuelan football player
Milka Duno (born 1972), Venezuelan race car driver
Romero Duno (born 1995), Filipino boxer
Places
Duno, Lombardy, a village in the province of Varese, northern Italy
Dunö, Kalmar County, Sweden
Organizations
Duno College, former name of Dorenweerd College
DUNO, Dutch football club
See also
Duno-, prefix meaning fort in many toponyms, derived from dun
Ekhon (; ) is a Bangladeshi Bengali-language satellite and cable business-related infotainment television channel owned by Spice Television Limited, a subsidiary of the City Group, one of Bangladesh's largest conglomerates.
It is Bangladesh's first television channel dedicated to business and financial programming. Ekhon is based in Tikatuli, Dhaka. It is also a sister channel to Somoy TV, which is also owned by City Group.
History
Licensing and test broadcasts
Ekhon was licensed as "Spice Television" () by the Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission in 2017. It commenced experimental broadcasts via the Bangabandhu-1 satellite on 30 July 2021 using the Spice Television name, after it signed an agreement with BSCL on 28 July of that year to use the satellite for broadcasting. The channel later commenced the 'Nirman Porbo' test broadcast on 16 December 2021, coinciding the Bangladeshi victory day. On 30 May 2022, Ekhon signed a corporate agreement with state-owned telecommunications company TeleTalk, which would provide various services to the television channel at an affordable price.
Launch
Although originally planning to do so on 16 December 2021, the channel was officially launched using the "Ekhon" name on 9 June 2022, as the first television channel in Bangladesh to air business-related programming and the thirty-seventh television channel overall to be launched in the country.
Programming
The programming line of Ekhon consists of shows and news relating to finance and the economy. However, it also focuses on sports, agriculture, climate, and more.
List of programming
Apnar Shongey
Ekhon Anondo
Ekhon Mathe
References
External links
Ekhon on Facebook
Ekhon on Twitter
Ekhon on YouTube
Television in Bangladesh
Television channels in Bangladesh
2022 establishments in Bangladesh
Television channels and stations established in 2022
Business-related television channels
"Key West Intermezzo (I Saw You First)" is a song by American rock musician John Mellencamp. It was released as the first single from his 14th studio album, Mr. Happy Go Lucky (1996), and peaked at number 14 on the US Billboard Hot 100, making it his final top-40 hit in the US. In Australia and New Zealand, the song became Mellencamp's final hit in both countries, reaching number 21 in Australia and number 35 in New Zealand. In Canada, it gave Mellencamp his fourth number-one single on the RPM Top Singles chart, staying at number one for five weeks. The song's music video features American actor Matthew McConaughey.
Track listings
US CD and cassette single, Australasian CD single
"Key West Intermezzo (I Saw You First)" (edit) – 4:14
"Like a Rolling Stone" – 6:28
US maxi-CD single, UK CD1, and Japanese CD single
"Key West Intermezzo (I Saw You First)" (edit)
"Wild Night" (live)
"What If I Came Knocking" (live)
"Small Town" (acoustic)
US 7-inch single
A. "Key West Intermezzo (I Saw You First)" (edit) – 4:14
B. "Just Another Day" – 3:28
UK CD2
"Key West Intermezzo (I Saw You First)" (edit) – 4:15
"Cold Sweat" (live) – 3:23
"Check It Out" (live) – 6:14
"Like a Rolling Stone" (live) – 6:27
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Release history
References
1996 singles
1996 songs
John Mellencamp songs
Mercury Records singles
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Songs written by George Green (songwriter)
Songs written by John Mellencamp
DCMO (military)
The Deputy Chief Management Officer is a senior military official in the United States Department of Defense who reports directly to the United States Secretary of Defense.
DCMO (technology)
DCMO (Device Capability Management Object) is an Open Mobile Alliance specification that allows a management authority to make use of the functionalities provided by OMA DM v1.2 protocol to remotely manage the device capabilities.
(follow this link: http://www.openmobilealliance.org/Technical/release_program/docs/DCMO/V1_0-20081024-C/OMA-TS-DCMO-V1_0-20081024-C.pdf for more details)
Open Mobile Alliance standards
The 1963 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 33rd staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Kilkenny entered the championship as the defending champions in search of a fourth successive title, however, they were beaten by Wexford in the Leinster final.
On 1 September 1963 Wexford won the championship following a 6-12 to 5-9 defeat of Limerick in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Connacht Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
First round
Second round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Ulster Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Miscellaneous
The All-Ireland semi-final between Limerick and Roscommon was the first ever championship meeting between the two teams. It remains their only meeting in this grade. The 54-point winning margin for Limerick is a record for an All-Ireland semi-final.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Pseudolucia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. They are predominantly found in parts of South America, south of Brazil. In many of the southern and western regions, stretching from Chile to Uruguay, habitat loss and pollution have led to near extinction.
Species
Pseudolucia andina (Bartlett-Calvert, 1894) – Andean blue
Pseudolucia annamaria Bálint & Johnson, 1993
Pseudolucia arauco Bálint, Benyamini & Johnson, 2001
Pseudolucia argentinina (Balletto, 1993) – Argentine blue
Pseudolucia asafi Benyamini, Bálint & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia avishai Benyamini, Bálint & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia aureliana Bálint & Johnson, 1993
Pseudolucia benyamini Bálint & Johnson, 1995 – Dubi's blue
Pseudolucia charlotte Bálint & Johnson, 1993
Pseudolucia chilensis (Blanchard, 1852)
Pseudolucia clarea Bálint & Johnson, 1993
Pseudolucia collina (Philippi, 1859)
Pseudolucia dubi Bálint, 2001
Pseudolucia grata (Köhler, 1934)
Pseudolucia gornia
Pseudolucia hazearum Bálint & Johnson, 1993
Pseudolucia henyah Bálint, Benyamini & Johnson, 2001
Pseudolucia humbert Bálint & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia jujuyensis
Pseudolucia kechico Bálint, Benyamini & Johnson, 2001
Pseudolucia kinbote Bálint & Johnson, 1993 – flashing blue or Kinbote's blue
Pseudolucia lanin Bálint & Johnson, 1993
Pseudolucia magellana Benyamini, Bálint & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia neuqueniensis Bálint & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia norris
Pseudolucia oligocyanea (Ureta, 1956) – Tumbre blue
Pseudolucia oraria Bálint & Benyamini, 2001
Pseudolucia parana Bálint, 1993
Pseudolucia patago
Pseudolucia penai Bálint & Johnson, 1993
Pseudolucia plumbea (Butler, 1881)
Pseudolucia scintilla (Balletto, 1993)
Pseudolucia shapiroi Bálint & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia sibyllia (Kirby, 1871) – southern blue
Pseudolucia talia Bálint, Benyamini & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia tamara Bálint & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia ugartei Bálint & Benyamini, 2001
Pseudolucia vera Bálint & Johnson, 1993
Pseudolucia whitakeri Bálint & Johnson, 1995
Pseudolucia zina Bálint & Johnson, 1995
References
External links
Butterflies of America
Images representing Pseudolucia at Consortium for the Barcode of Life
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Who Helped Win the Space Race is a 2016 nonfiction book written by Margot Lee Shetterly. Shetterly started working on the book in 2010. The book takes place from the 1930s through the 1960s, depicting the particular barriers for Black women in science during this time, thereby providing a lesser-known history of NASA. The biographical text follows the lives of Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson, three mathematicians who worked as computers (then a job description) at NACA and NASA, during the space race. They overcame discrimination there, as women and as African Americans. Also featured is Christine Darden, who was the first African-American woman to be promoted into the Senior Executive Service for her work in researching supersonic flight and sonic booms.
The book reached number one on The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers list and got the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award for Nonfiction in 2017. The book was adapted as a film by the same name, released in 2016, that was nominated for three Oscars. It received numerous other awards.
Topic
Hidden Figures explores the biographies of three African-American women who worked as computers to solve problems for engineers and others at NASA. For the first years of their careers, the workplace was segregated and women were kept in the background as human computers. Author Margot Lee Shetterly's father was a research scientist at NASA who worked with many of the book's main characters.
Shetterly explains how these women overcame discrimination and racial segregation to become vital parts of mathematics, scientific, and engineering history. One of them, Katherine Johnson, calculated rocket trajectories for the Mercury and Apollo missions. Johnson successfully "took matters into her own hands" by being assertive with her supervisor. When her mathematical abilities were recognized, Johnson was allowed into what had previously been all-male meetings at NASA.
Film
The book was adapted as a film of the same name, written by Theodore Melfi and Allison Schroeder, and directed by Melfi. It was released on December 25, 2016 to positive reviews from critics, and received a nomination for Best Picture at the 89th Academy Awards. It received numerous other nominations and awards. Taraji P. Henson starred as mathematician Katherine Johnson, Octavia Spencer played Dorothy Vaughan, an African-American mathematician who worked for NASA in 1949, and Janelle Monáe played Mary Jackson, the first female African-American engineer to work for NASA. The movie made 231.3 million USD. The budget of the film was 25 million USD.
While the film is based on the book, author Margot Lee Shetterly agrees that there are differences between the two, and she finds that to be understandable.
For better or for worse, there is history, there is the book and then there's the movie. Timelines had to be conflated and [there were] composite characters, and for most people [who have seen the movie] have already taken that as the literal fact. ... You might get the indication in the movie that these were the only people doing those jobs, when in reality we know they worked in teams, and those teams had other teams. There were sections, branches, divisions, and they all went up to a director. There were so many people required to make this happen. ... It would be great for people to understand that there were so many more people. Even though Katherine Johnson, in this role, was a hero, there were so many others that were required to do other kinds of tests and checks to make [Glenn's] mission come to fruition. But I understand you can't make a movie with 300 characters. It is simply not possible.
Other adaptations
In 2016 a Young Reader's Edition was released for readers ages 8–12.
A Hidden Figures picture book was released in January 2018. The book was co-written by Margot Lee Shetterly for children from four to eight years of age.
See also
West Area Computers
Kathaleen Land
References
External links
Presentation by Shetterly on Hidden Figures at the Hampton History Museum, September 8, 2016, C-SPAN
Discussion with Shetterly on Hidden Figures at the National Book Festival, September 2, 2017, C-SPAN
2016 non-fiction books
American non-fiction books
Books about African-American history
Books about the Cold War
Books about women
Non-fiction books adapted into films
NASA mass media
Women in mathematics
Biographies and autobiographies of mathematicians
Literature by African-American women
William Morrow and Company books
Frank Benson (born 1976 in Norfolk, Virginia) is an American sculptor and photographer based in Brooklyn, New York City, New York. Benson earned his BFA from the Maryland Institute College of Art in 1998. He then studied under among others artist Charles Ray at UCLA from which in 2003 he received his MFA.
From April 2013 until March 2014 Benson's work "Human Sculpture (jessie) was displayed on the New York City High Line as part of the exhibition "Busted".
Benson gained widespread attention for his piece in the 2015 New Museum Triennial "Surround Audience", a realistic sculpture of the transgender artist and poet Juliana Huxtable whose work was also included in the exhibition.
References
External links
The artist's website -
American sculptors
Living people
1976 births
The theNNT is an evidence-based medicine website created by a small group led by David H. Newman and Graham Walker that collects statistical information about drugs, particularly the number needed to treat measure. The website was launched in 2010.
References
American medical websites
Joseph Byron (January 1847 – May 28, 1923) was an English photographer who founded the Byron Company in Manhattan.
Biography
He was born in England in January 1847. His father, grandfather, and great-grandfather were photographers. He received a commission from the British government to photograph the conditions in English coal mines. He emigrated to the United States in 1888 with his children, Percy Claude Byron, Florence Mabel Byron (1880–?), and Georgina Byron (1883–?). In 1892 he opened his commercial studio in Manhattan. Byron's specialty was photographing Broadway shows and other stage productions. His son was the photographer Percy Claude Byron. Percy was "the premier maritime photographer of his generation". Joseph Byron worked for The New York Times in the 1890s. He died on May 28, 1923 in Manhattan.
Archive
22,000 photos at the Museum of the City of New York from between 1890 and 1942.
References
External links
1847 births
1923 deaths
The New York Times visual journalists
Artists from Nottingham
19th-century English photographers
19th-century American photographers
Photographers from Nottinghamshire
British emigrants to the United States
Education and Urban Society is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the role of education in contemporary society. The editor-in-chief is Charles J. Russo (University of Dayton). It was established in 1968 and is published by Sage Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2019 impact factor is 1.104, ranking it 202 out of 262 journals in the category "Education and Educational Research" and 36 out of 42 journals in the category "Urban Studies"
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Urban studies and planning journals
Education journals
Publications established in 1968
Bimonthly journals
The Soul Artists of Zoo York were one of New York City's first skate crews.
History
The Soul Artists of Zoo York were a loose-knit collective of skateboarders and graffiti artists.
The Soul Artists of Zoo York skated an abandoned bowl in Van Cortlandt Park called the "Deathbowl," which was the origin of the name for a documentary on the NY skate scene: Deathbowl to Downtown, narrated by Chloe Sevigny, was released in 2008. The name was coined by Marc 'Ali' Edmonds, the president of the original Zoo York graffiti crew.
The clothing company Zoo York, with the blessing of the original Zoo York crew, took the name from the Soul Artists of Zoo York crew.
References
American artist groups and collectives
American graffiti artists
Jasmine Lai Pui Yee (born 13 December 1995) is a Malaysian diver. She grew up in Perak, where she befriended future fellow Perak diving team member Kam Ling Kar. The pair took gold in the 3 metre springboard and 10 metre platform synchro events at the 2011 Asian Age Group Championships, while Lai won a gold medal in the 10 metre platform individual event. Lai and Kam and were initially scheduled to compete in diving at the Southeast Asian Games that same year, but in the end Lai did not participate. Lai won her first gold medal for Perak in the 1 metre springboard event at the 2012 Sukma Games. At the 2014 Sukma Games, she again partnered with Kam for the 3 metre springboard synchro event, where the pair won a gold medal; Lai subsequently edged out Kam to win a gold medal in the 1 metre springboard event as well. Lai and Kam also competed in diving at the 2015 Summer Universiade. In diving at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games, Lai won a silver in the 1 metre springboard event, and the gold medal in the mixed 3 metre springboard synchros with Muhammad Syafiq Puteh after fellow Malaysian Ng Yan Yee failed a doping test and was stripped of the gold medal in the latter event. Lai competed in the women's 1 metre springboard and 3-metre springboard events at the 2018 Commonwealth Games. At the 2019 Southeast Asian Games, she placed second in the 3 metre springboard event behind Ng, with a score of 241.95. She retired from the national team in February 2020 to focus on her studies for her final term of university.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Perak
Malaysian sportspeople of Chinese descent
Malaysian female divers
Divers at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Malaysia
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Malaysia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in diving
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
University of Malaya alumni
Commonwealth Games competitors for Malaysia
A foreshock is an earthquake that occurs before a larger seismic event (the mainshock) and is related to it in both time and space. The designation of an earthquake as foreshock, mainshock or aftershock is only possible after the full sequence of events has happened.
Occurrence
Foreshock activity has been detected for about 40% of all moderate to large earthquakes, and about 70% for events of M>7.0. They occur from a matter of minutes to days or even longer before the main shock; for example, the 2002 Sumatra earthquake is regarded as a foreshock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake with a delay of more than two years between the two events.
Some great earthquakes (M>8.0) show no foreshock activity at all, such as the M8.6 1950 India–China earthquake.
The increase in foreshock activity is difficult to quantify for individual earthquakes but becomes apparent when combining the results of many different events. From such combined observations, the increase before the mainshock is observed to be of inverse power law type. This may either indicate that foreshocks cause stress changes resulting in the mainshock or that the increase is related to a general increase in stress in the region.
Mechanics
The observation of foreshocks associated with many earthquakes suggests that they are part of a preparation process prior to nucleation. In one model of earthquake rupture, the process forms as a cascade, starting with a very small event that triggers a larger one, continuing until the main shock rupture is triggered. However, analysis of some foreshocks has shown that they tend to relieve stress around the fault. In this view, foreshocks and aftershocks are part of the same process. This is supported by an observed relationship between the rate of foreshocks and the rate of aftershocks for an event. In practice, there are two main conflicting theories about foreshocks: earthquake triggering process (described in SOC models and ETAS-like models) and the loading process by aseismic slip (nucleation models). This debate about the prognostic value of foreshocks is well known as Foreshock Hypothesis.
Earthquake prediction
An increase in seismic activity in an area has been used as a method of predicting earthquakes, most notably in the case of the 1975 Haicheng earthquake in China, where an evacuation was triggered by an increase in activity. However, most earthquakes lack obvious foreshock patterns and this method has not proven useful, as most small earthquakes are not foreshocks, leading to probable false alarms. Earthquakes along oceanic transform faults do show repeatable foreshock behaviour, allowing the prediction of both the location and timing of such earthquakes.
Examples of earthquakes with foreshock events
The strongest recorded mainshock that followed a foreshock is the 1960 Valdivia earthquake, which had a magnitude of 9.5 MW.
Note: dates are in local time
References
Seismology
Types of earthquake
Fishtank Ensemble is a world music group from Los Angeles, California, known for their unique, high-energy and virtuosic stage show that blends a wide range of styles including Balkan, Romanian, gypsy, French hot jazz, flamenco, Turkish, Greek, and a little rock 'n' roll.
Band history
Fishtank Ensemble first formed and performed together at The Fishtank in Oakland, California in January 2004. They are one of many bands to be commonly associated with the California-based eclectic indie band Estradasphere. The band's premiere performances were recorded live. These recordings would become the band's debut full-length CD, Super Raoul, which was released November 2005.
In November 2007, Fishtank Ensemble self-released a second full-length album of material called Samurai Over Serbia. On Samurai Over Serbia, traditional eastern European, gypsy jazz, klezmer and original tunes are arranged to fit the ensemble's unconventional, but imaginative sound.
In recent years, the group has been performing consistently throughout the United States and Europe.
In 2010, the band released their 3rd full-length CD, Woman in Sin. Like the ones before this, it featured a unique and unusual blend of traditional and original music and was both self-produced and self-released.
Band bio
LA Weekly calls them "cross pollinated gypsy music ... one of the most thrilling young acts on the planet." Formed in 2005 and playing everywhere from the hippest LA clubs to festivals, cultural centers, museums, parades, and even on the street, the band includes two explosive violins, the world's best slap bass player, musical saw, flamenco and gypsy jazz guitar, trombone, opera, jazz and gypsy vocals, accordion and one little banjolele. Tackling everything from French hot jazz to wild Serbian and Transylvanian gypsy anthems, Flamenco, and oddball originals, the band is a not to be missed event for world music lovers.
The dynamic, virtuosic, fiery and peripatetic quartet that comprises Fishtank Ensemble take their roots both from their own varied musical and national backgrounds, as well as from their adventures and travels. The singer Ursula sang opera on the streets and town squares of Italy, until she found a love of gypsy music ... their French violinist voyaged around all of Europe in a handmade mule-drawn caravan for ten years, collecting music and experiences. Their Serbian bass player has spent time playing with gypsies as well as some of the rock and roll's legends, and aptly defends his reputation as the best slap bass player in the world ... and the guitarist is a master of flamenco and gypsy jazz guitar who honed his craft in the gypsy caves of Granada, Spain.
Band members
Current members
2004 to present - Fabrice Martinez; violin and violintromba.
2004 to present - Ursula Knudson; saw, vocals, violin, banjolele, percussion, theremin
2004 to present - Douglas Smolens (aka El Douje); flamenco guitar.
2007 to present - Djordje Stijepovic; Double bass.
Past members
2004 to 2008 - Aaron Seeman (aka Duckmandu); accordion.
2004 to 2007 - Kevin Kmetz; shamisen
2004 to 2006 - Tim Smolens; double bass (recording sessions)
2004 to 2005 - Glenn Allen; double bass (2005 tour)
2004 to 2005 - Adam Stacey; percussion
2007 to 2008 - Mike Penny; shamisen.
Discography
Fishtank at the Fishtank (2004) (limited release)
Super Raoul (2005)
Fishtank Ensemble, Live at the Freight & Salvage (2007) DVD of live performance, includes interviews with members.
Samurai Over Serbia (2007)
Woman in Sin (2010)
Edge of the World (2014)
Reviews
"The whimsical name of the group belies the fact that these musicians play hard, fast, and serious. There's nothing fishy about them. In fact, there's no slouching or mannered excesses, as Fishtank Ensemble comes armed, loaded and ready to serve you up a platter of intense nearly cosmic gypsy music."—Joel Okida
Notes
External links
Official Website
American world music groups
There are about eight small places on the Isle of Man with the name Ballabeg. The name Ballabeg derives from the Manx which means small homestead; although the spelling is different, it is pronounced approximately the same as the English name.
This article is about the hamlet of Ballabeg in the parish of Lonan, on the east of the island, overlooking Laxey Bay. The settlement dates from at least 1643, when a Ballabegg was recorded on the Castle Rushen Manorial Roll, under the ownership of Furness Abbey. It is about 300 metres from the sea shore.
Ballabeg in Lonan is located 9 km or nearly 6 miles NE of the capital, Douglas, and 2 km south of the village of Laxey. The hamlet only consists of a farm and a handful of houses, but also is home to the small Ballabeg tram stop which celebrated its centenary in 2005. When the Manx Electric Railway was built through Ballabeg in 1894 an ancient Celtic keeill and adjoining burial ground were discovered. The keeill was known as Keeill Killane (with many spelling variations), shortened to Kilkillane, and gives its name to a nearby stream known as Strooan ny Carlane / Kilane and a house in the hamlet called Kilan. No traces of the keeill survive today. Many lintel graves, buried in triplets, were found at the site. It is believed that the bodies were exhumed and removed, while a large wooden cross and plaque, since removed, marked the site for many years.
A small white cottage, known as the schoolhouse, still stands in Ballabeg next to the site of the former keeill. The building was used as a schoolhouse, religious chapel and social cottage where the locals would gather to play music and tell stories. It is currently being used as a warehouse.
The landscape of Ballabeg is mainly agricultural land used for the grazing of sheep. There are areas of mature and newly planted woodland (including a nationally important cliff-side ancient oak forest remnant), gorse, brooghs (headlands) and small dubs or ponds. The A2 Douglas to Ramsey road bisects the settlement. The Manx Electric Railway runs through the settlement and has a level crossing there. The Raad ny Foillan long-distance path also passes through Ballabeg.
The settlement has no defined boundaries but is said to be bounded by the Raad Ballagawne in the south, the Irish Sea (Laxey Bay) in the east, Church Road in Ballacannel to the north and the old road from Lonan Church to Raad Ballagawne in the west.
In 2018 Laxey Bay was designated as a Marine Nature Reserve.
References
Manx Archaeological Register, available from the Centre for Manx Studies. http://www.isle-of-man.com/manxnotebook/history/arch/4rpt/ln.htm
Villages in the Isle of Man
Jóannes Lamhauge (born 25 December 1985) has designed a range of Faroese postage stamps. As well, he has illustrated educational materials for the Faroese School system.
References
Faroese artists
Living people
1985 births
People from Tórshavn
Khalifan (خەلیفان) may refer to:
Khalifan, Mahabad
Khalifan, Erbil
Khalifan, Naqadeh
Khalifan District, in Mahabad County
William Michael Crose (February 8, 1867 – April 4, 1929) was a United States Navy Captain and the seventh Naval Governor of American Samoa, from November 10, 1910 to March 14, 1913. He was the first person designated "Governor of American Samoa", rather than the previous "Governor of Tutuila".
Life and career
Early life
Crose was born in Greencastle, Indiana on February 8, 1867. He was appointed to the United States Naval Academy on May 19, 1884 and graduated in 1888.
Naval career
The United States Department of the Navy awarded Crose the Navy Cross for "exceptionally meritorious service in a duty of great responsibility as Commanding Officer of the U.S.S. NORTH DAKOTA in the Atlantic Fleet, during World War I." On July 1, 1890, Crose was commissioned into the United States Navy as an ensign. On May 10, 1898, he became a lieutenant (junior grade), and a lieutenant on March 3, 1898. He was stationed on in 1888, in 1890, the Naval Hydrographic office in 1894, in 1895, the same year, the Bureau of Equipment in 1898, and in 1900.
Governorship
On November 10, 1910, Crose relieved Captain John Frederick Parker of command of United States Naval Station Tutuila, becoming the seventh Naval Governor of American Samoa. While Governor, Crose appointed a board of education, composed of a naval chaplain, a naval assistant surgeon, and the wife of a local school teacher. He also pushed for the renaming of the island Naval Post, claiming the name Tutuila was inadequate, as the territory contained additional islands other than Tutuila, and recommending a new name of either "American Samoa" or "Eastern Samoa", a wish he expressed to the Secretary of the Navy in a 1911 letter. On July 17, 1911, the island was officially designated "American Samoa", and President of the United States William Howard Taft recommissioned Crose as "Governor of American Samoa", rather than "Governor of Tutuila" on October 24, 1912.
Crose also amended laws on firearms, perjury, road maintenance, and importation of animals. On March 14, 1913, Crose transferred command to Nathan Woodworth Post.
Post-governorship
Crose died in San Diego on April 4, 1929, and was buried at sea.
Notes
References
1867 births
1929 deaths
Governors of American Samoa
People from Greencastle, Indiana
American military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Navy officers
Military personnel from Indiana
Burials at sea
ISI Dangkor Senchey FC () is a football club from Phnom Penh, Cambodia. Formerly a semi-professional team, the club upgraded itself to be a professional and participating in Cambodian Second League.
History
Formed in 2016, ISI Dangkor Senchey has always had their eyes set on entering the professional stage. After building their program and establishing themselves as a top team at the semi-professional level, they are ready to climb to the next level. “We dreamed about playing professionally, but we needed to build our foundations first. We've been preparing and, now with a strong community and good structure under the KMH Foundation, we are ready,” said Mr. Siek.
KMH Academy
The KMH Academy, a part of ISI GROUP's KMH Foundation, is a football training academy that seeks to improve youth access to sports, help players develop personally and academically, as well as build professional sports in Cambodia. The KMH Foundation organizes Cambodia's largest semi-professional tournaments, including the KMH Champions League. The young players who are cultivating their skills through the KMH Academy have access to the KMH U18 CUP and KMH Champions League as they push through the ranks, offering huge opportunity for their professional development.
‍
Current squad
Players with multiple nationalities
Pak Keomony
Seng Saravuthy
Achievement
2020 C-League 2 : 4th place.
References
Cambodian Second League
Football clubs in Cambodia
2016 establishments in Cambodia
Arctognathus is an extinct genus of gorgonopsids that throve during the Late Permian in the Karoo basin of what is now South Africa.
Discovery
A carnivore, like all gorgonopsid, Arctognathus was given its name ("Bear jaw") in reference to its short and rounded snout. There is only one recognized species, A. curvimola.
Description
It was a small gorgonopsid with a total length estimated at 1.1 m and an 18 cm skull.
Classification
Below is a cladogram from the phylogenetic analysis of Gebauer (2007):
See also
List of therapsids
References
Bibliography
Gorgonopsia
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Lopingian synapsids of Africa
Fossil taxa described in 1911
Taxa named by Robert Broom
Lopingian genus first appearances
Lopingian genus extinctions
Pyrrhoderma is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. It contains two species found in Japan.
References
External links
Hymenochaetaceae
Agaricomycetes genera
Han Tong (908–3 February 960), courtesy name Zhongda, was a Chinese military officer during the Five Dynasties period who became a top general during the Later Zhou dynasty. In the early years of the Later Zhou, he strengthened the northern defense against the hostile Northern Han and Liao, and participated in the 955 invasion of the Later Shu. From 955, he remained mainly in the capital, Kaifeng, and wielded his influence during the reign of the child emperor Guo Zongxun. In 960, when general and former subordinate Zhao Kuangyin usurped the Later Zhou throne, Han Tong and his entire family were massacred by Zhao's officer Wang Yansheng.
References
908 births
960 deaths
Dry Valley () is a short novel by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin, first published in the April 1912 issue of the Saint Petersburg Vestnik Evropy magazine. Having come out soon after The Village (1910), it is usually linked to the latter as the author's second major book concerning the bleak state of Russia as a whole and its rural community in particular. It is also regarded as the last in Bunin's early 1900s cycle of "gentry elegies". The novel was filmed in 2011, directed by Aleksandra Strelyanaya.
History
Bunin started working upon the book in summer 1911, when at the Vasilyevsky estate in Oryol Governorate. In September of that year he wrote to the Moskovskaya Vest correspondent: "I've just finished the first part of a large novelet called Dry Valley". The work was finished in December 1911 on Capri where Bunin stayed at Maxim Gorky's home. On February 21 he read it to the host and another visiting guest, Mykhailo Kotsiubynsky. Both praised the book, the latter likened it to "an old tapestry."
The book's plot was fictional but numerous details in it later proved to be autobiographical. The Sukhodol estate bore close resemblance to a family country house in the Oryol Governorate owned by Bunin's uncle Nikolay Nikolayevich where Ivan with his younger sister Masha were frequent guests. The prototype for aunt Tonya was Bunin's aunt Varvara Nikolayevna who lived in a large neighbouring country house (and was, in Vera Muromtseva's assessment, "slightly off-kilter"). Pyotr Kyrillovich character in the book was a veiled portrait of Bunin's grandfather Nikolay Dmitrievich (whose mother, born Uvarova, died young).
Critical reception
As Ivan Bunin's previous book, The Village, this one divided critical opinion. Some, like Vladimir Kranikhfeld, hailed it as masterpiece. "In Sukhodol Bunin summed up the whole of the [Russia']s past and endowed it with magnificent monument", he wrote in Sovremenny Mir (Modern World). Others criticized the author for negativism. "Dirty, hungry, eaten through to its very bones by illnesses and lice – such is Russia as seen through the eyes of Sukodol author," argued L. Kozlovsky in Russkiye Vedomosti.
References
1912 Russian novels
Novels by Ivan Bunin
Russian Gothic novels
Jinxi County () is a county of Jiangxi province in the People's Republic of China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Fuzhou.
Jinxi is the hometown of Lu Xiangshan (), a famous educator and thinker in the Southern Song Dynasty. He was honored as one of "the greatest Confucianist of all generations" in Chinese history as well as one of China's top ten thinkers. Jinxi has nurtured many famous figures, including Wei Su (), a famous historian in the Yuan Dynasty, Gong Tingxian (), a great medical scientist in the Ming Dynasty and Cai Shangxiang (), an outstanding scholar in the Qing Dynasty. Zhou Jianping (), the commander of the Red Tenth Army and one of the founders of Mingzhegan Revolution Base, also came from Jinxi. It has boasted two zhuangyuan, three bangyan and 242 jinshi since Jinxi County was founded.
Jinxi is the core zone of Linchuan culture as well as part and parcel of Gan culture. Jinxi County was founded in the fifth year of Chunhua of the Northern Song Dynasty (994 CE). Renowned for its important silver smelting site in the Tang Dynasty, the output of gold and silver in the ancient time and the golden streams running through the mountains, it was named Jinxi (golden stream). Some silver smelting relic sites and relevant inscriptions which were the earliest physically written record in ancient China's mining and metallurgy have still remained in the county. It used to be an important pottery and porcelain production base in the Song Dynasty, so a folk saying goes, "First Xiaopi Kiln, then Jingdezhen."
Administrative divisions
In the present, Jinxi County has 7 towns and 6 townships.
7 towns
6 townships
Demographics
The population of the district was 605,100 as of 2010.
Climate
Notes and references
External links
Government site - English version
County-level divisions of Jiangxi
Fuzhou, Jiangxi
Julio César Cleto Cobos (born 30 April 1955) is an Argentine politician who was the Vice President of Argentina in the administration of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner from 2007 to 2011. He started his political career as member of the Radical Civic Union party (UCR), becoming Governor of the Province of Mendoza in 2003. He was expelled from the UCR in 2007, and was then selected by presidential candidate Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, of the ruling Front for Victory (FpV), as her candidate for vice-president in the elections of that year, which they won.
His popular prestige got a big boost in 2008, when the Senate was voting on a controversial and contentious law to increase taxes on grain exports. The voting ended in a tie, which gave Cobos, as President of the Senate, the deciding vote. In a stunning and now notorious move, he voted against the law. This led to strong criticism from his party, who deemed him a traitor, and approval from sectors of the population that opposed the government. As he further distanced himself from the FPV, the UCR revoked his expulsion from the party.
Cobos was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 2013, to the Senate in 2015, and again to the Chamber of Deputies in 2021.
Biography
Early life
Julio Cobos was born in 1955 in the city of Godoy Cruz, Mendoza. His parents are Fermín and Asunción, and he has two older brothers. He studied high school in the Military Liceum, and later in the Universidad Tecnológica Nacional (UTN). He graduated from construction engineering in 1979 and civil engineering in 1988. In 1980 he got married with Cristina Cerutti, having three sons. He later stayed at the UTN as teacher.
He got promoted to Dean of the local chapter of the UTN, in the 1997-2001 term, but requested licence from 1999 to 2001 to work in politics. he was later reelected for the 2001-2005 term.
Governor of Mendoza: 2003–2007
He joined the UCR in 1991 and took public office as an official in the municipality of Mendoza then as minister of Environment and Public Works in the government of Mendoza Province 1999–2000. He was dean of the regional faculty of the Universidad Tecnológica Nacional 1997–2003. He was elected governor in 2003, heading a coalition between Radicals with Recrear and Federalists.
After his election, Cobos became a leading supporter of Peronist President Néstor Kirchner in Radical ranks, taking a more left-wing position. He was in dispute with other Radicals in Mendoza, led by former governor Roberto Iglesias, then Radical leader, over his support for Kirchner and their desire to back another presidential candidate in the 2007 elections. Mendoza's constitution does not allow re-election; however Cobos supported Celso Jaque to take office in 2007 on the same slate as Kirchner.
Vice Presidency: 2007–2011
Cobos was asked by Cristina Fernández de Kirchner to stand as her running mate in 2007 heading the Front for Victory slate. He accepted her offer and was consequently expelled by the UCR in July 2007. Having won the election, Cobos was sworn in as Vice President in December 2007.
Cobos, as Vice President and President of the Argentine Senate, cast the deciding vote rejecting an increase in grain export taxes. This controversial bill had led to economic and social instability in Argentina, with mass protests both for and against the government. Cobos had been expected to back President Fernández de Kirchner. "I think today is the most difficult day of my life", Cobos said. "They tell me I must go along with the government for institutional reasons, but my heart tells me otherwise. May history judge me, my vote is not for, it's against." Cobos has said that the move defused tensions in the country between farmers and the state.
Cobos managed to escape an attempted carjacking.
Cobos refused to step down, while Fernandez had not asked for his resignation, as his approval rating has been double that of hers in some polls. Cobos criticized her decision to nationalize more than $25 billion in private pension funds as premature and would only create more doubts among investors about the stability of Argentina's investment climate. Kirchner, in response, said publicly that every morning his wife asks him, "What vice president did you stick me with, Nestor?"
Some parts of the media have considered him a potential presidential candidate for president in the 2011 elections since the raise of his public image during the voting in the Congress, though other parts of the media do not agree on that saying his image is falling abruptly. Cobos initially maintained a quiet position about the topic, and declared his intentions to be candidate by the beginning of 2010.
In July 2010, he returned to the Radical Civic Union headquarters, where he was greeted by party officials Gerardo Morales, Ernesto Sanz, Ricardo Alfonsín and Oscar Aguad. They agreed to work on a plan to govern the country towards the 2011 full term elections.
References
External links
Interview, Clarín, 2003-10-28
CuyoNoticias
Cobismo Digital
Vice presidents of Argentina
1955 births
Living people
Governors of Mendoza Province
Members of the Argentine Senate for Mendoza
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Mendoza
Radical Civic Union politicians
National Technological University alumni
People from Mendoza Province
People from Mendoza, Argentina
21st-century Argentine politicians
Webster Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Ava in Oneida County, northeast of Flint Town.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The John W. Day House, also known as the Day-Dittman House, is a private residential structure located at 4985 Dryden Road in Dryden Township in southern Lapeer County, Michigan, United States. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site on September 26, 1987, and soon after added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 17, 1987.
History
John W. Day was born in 1810 to Erastus and Lucy Day in Otsego County, New York. Erastus and Lucy Day moved to Macomb County, Michigan in 1826, leaving John in New York. In 1836, John Day purchased this property and began farming. In 1837 he married Polly Parkhurst; the couple has six children, four of whom lived to adulthood.
In 1863, Day built this house. In 1879, the Day family sold the house to Prussian immigrant Augustus Dittman and his wife Maria Kohler. August died in 1898 and Maria in 1901, after which the house went to their son William. William live dthere and farmed the property until his death in 1956. The house remained in his family until 1970 until it was sold once again.
Description
Built in 1863 in the style of Greek Revival architecture, the structure is a wood framed, two-story house with a portico, pediment, and rounded latticework linking the four hexagonal columns of the portico. A 1½-story addition was built along the entire right side of the house in 1880, extending the length of the structure and adding a large room. Since then, the structure has remained largely intact, except for an arcade and porch added to the back in 1974. The house is clad with Flush-board siding, and has a center door with molded enframement. A recessed porch on the ell contains a secondary entrance door.
References
Greek Revival houses in Michigan
Houses completed in 1863
Houses in Lapeer County, Michigan
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Michigan State Historic Sites
National Register of Historic Places in Lapeer County, Michigan
The Mumbai Maglev is 2007 proposal for a Maglev line serving Mumbai. A total of six routes are proposed in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, with distances ranging from 20 to 50 km.
In February 2020, the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) wrote to the Maharashtra state government and the Indian Railway Board seeking an in-principal approval for the project as a public private partnership. The plan is for a elevated line connecting Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CSTM) and Panvel with a branch line to Navi Mumbai International Airport. The request was made after Swiss company SwissRapide AG, in a joint venture with Lasane Infra Private Limited (India), sent an expression of interest to develop and run the corridor at an estimated cost of Rs 13,347 crore.
As of July 2021, there is no indication the proposal has proceeded further.
References
Transport in Mumbai
Maglev
Proposed public transport in India
Proposed infrastructure in Maharashtra
Adrian Pillajo (born 7 July 1991) is an Ecuadorian long-distance runner.
In 2018, he competed in the men's half marathon at the 2018 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships held in Valencia, Spain. He finished in 137th place.
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ecuadorian male long-distance runners
Admiral Sir Allan Frederic Everett (22 February 1868 – 22 January 1938) was a Royal Navy officer who served as First Naval Member and Chief of the Australian Naval Staff from 1921 to 1923.
Naval services
Born the fourth son of Colonel John Frederic Everett, Everett joined the Royal Navy as a midshipman in 1884. He became Captain of the Fleet for the Commander-in-Chief, Home Fleet in 1913 and at the start of the First World War found himself on the Staff of the Commander-in-Chief, Grand Fleet. He was made Naval Assistant to the First Sea Lord in 1915 and Aide-de-Camp to the King in 1916. He became Naval Secretary later that year and served in that role during the closing stages of the war. He was given command of the 4th Light Cruiser Squadron in October 1918. After the war he was given command of the 8th Light Cruiser Squadron in the Atlantic, before becoming First Naval Member and Chief of the Australian Naval Staff in 1921 and then Commander-in-Chief, China Station in November 1924. He suffered a breakdown in April 1925 and was relieved of his command shortly thereafter. He retired in 1926.
He died in London in January 1938.
Family
In 1899 he married Michaelangela Katherine Carr.
References
Bibliography
External links
|-
|-
1868 births
1938 deaths
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Royal Navy admirals
Royal Navy officers of World War I
The 2012 Sarasota Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the fourth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Sarasota, United States between 16 and 22 April 2012.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of April 9, 2012.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
James Blake
Tim Smyczek
Mac Styslinger
Rhyne Williams
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Brian Baker
Cătălin Gârd
Michael Lammer
Nicholas Monroe
Champions
Singles
Sam Querrey def. Paolo Lorenzi, 6–1, 6–7(3–7), 6–3
Doubles
Johan Brunström / Izak van der Merwe def. Martin Emmrich / Andreas Siljeström, 6–4, 6–1
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
ATP official site
Sarasota Open
Sarasota Open
2012 in American tennis
2012 in sports in Florida
"Days Are OK", also known as "Days Are OK (But the Nights Were Made for Love)", is a song by American new wave band The Motels, which was released in 1980 as the first single from their second studio album Careful. The song was written by Tim McGovern and produced by Carter.
Released in the UK and certain European countries only, "Days Are OK" was originally issued as a single in May 1980, but it failed to chart. It was reissued in the UK in November 1980 and reached number 41 in the UK Singles Chart in January 1981, giving the band their second and final UK chart entry.
Promotion
To promote the November 1980 reissue, the band spent two weeks in the UK for a seven-date tour and also performed the song and "Envy" on BBC's The Old Grey Whistle Test on 29 November. The band's concert at Bradford University on 10 December was filmed for broadcast as part of the BBC series Rock Goes to College.
Critical reception
In a review of the November 1980 reissue, Mike Gardner of Record Mirror wrote, "This came on like a cross between Hazel O'Connor, Pat Benatar and Ronnie Spector. Surprisingly the mixture doesn't suffer too badly as a result, but it doesn't demand that you listen again."
Track listing
7–inch single (UK, Germany, France, Netherlands and Italy)
"Days Are OK (But the Nights Were Made for Love)" – 3:32
"Slow Town" – 4:20
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the Careful LP inner sleeve notes.
The Motels
Martha Davis – vocals, guitar
Tim McGovern – guitar
Marty Jourard – keyboards
Michael Goodroe – bass
Brian Glascock – drums
Production
Carter – producer, engineer
Warren Dewey – recording
Richard McKernan – assistant engineer
Charts
References
1980 songs
1980 singles
The Motels songs
Capitol Records singles
Parapithecops is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Lycaenidae
Lycaenidae genera
Penobscot County is a county in the U.S. state of Maine, named for the Penobscot Nation on Wabanakik. As of the 2020 census, the population was 152,199. Its county seat is Bangor. The county was established on February 15, 1816, from part of Hancock County when the area was still part of Massachusetts. Penobscot County is home to the University of Maine.
Penobscot County comprises the Bangor, ME Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (4.5%) is water. The county highpoint is East Turner Mountain at 2456 ft next to Baxter State Park.
Adjacent counties
Aroostook County – north
Washington County – southeast
Hancock County – south
Waldo County – southwest
Somerset County – west
Piscataquis County – northwest
National protected area
Sunkhaze Meadows National Wildlife Refuge
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 144,919 people, 58,096 households, and 37,820 families living in the county. The population density was 43 people per square mile (16/km2). There were 66,847 housing units at an average density of 20 per square mile (8/km2). The county's racial makeup was 96.60% White, 0.49% Black or African American, 1.00% Native American, 0.70% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.23% from other races, and 0.96% from two or more races. 0.61% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 17.8% were of English, 17.3% United States or American, 14.0% French, 13.0% Irish and 6.7% French Canadian ancestry. 95.8% spoke English and 2.3% French as their first language.
There were 58,096 households, of which 30.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.50% were married couples living together, 9.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.90% were non-families. 26.70% of households were one person and 10.00% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.88.
The age distribution was 22.80% under the age of 18, 11.30% from 18 to 24, 29.00% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 13.10% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 95.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.30 males.
The median household income was $34,274 and the median family income was $42,206. Males had a median income of $32,824 versus $23,346 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,801. About 9.70% of families and 13.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.00% of those under age 18 and 11.10% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
At the 2010 census, there were 153,923 people, 62,966 households, and 38,917 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 73,860 housing units at an average density of . The county's racial makeup was 95.4% white, 1.2% American Indian, 0.9% Asian, 0.8% black or African American, 0.2% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 20.9% were English, 17.2% were Irish, 9.4% were American, 7.1% were German, 6.0% were French Canadian, and 5.9% were Scottish.
Of the 62,966 households, 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.2% were non-families, and 28.0% of households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.82. The median age was 39.9 years.
The county's median household income was $42,658 and the median family income was $54,271. Males had a median income of $41,094 versus $31,910 for females. The county's per capita income was $22,977. About 10.1% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
As the most populous county in Maine's 2nd congressional district, Penobscot County's support for Donald Trump in 2016 helped deliver him a split electoral vote from Maine. It was the first time since 1828 that Maine split its electoral votes.
|}
Communities
Cities
Bangor (county seat)
Brewer
Old Town
Towns
Alton
Bradford
Bradley
Burlington
Carmel
Charleston
Chester
Clifton
Corinna
Corinth
Dexter
Dixmont
East Millinocket
Eddington
Edinburg
Enfield
Etna
Exeter
Garland
Glenburn
Greenbush
Hampden
Hermon
Holden
Howland
Hudson
Kenduskeag
Lagrange
Lakeville
Lee
Levant
Lincoln
Lowell
Mattawamkeag
Maxfield
Medway
Milford
Millinocket
Mount Chase
Newburgh
Newport
Orono
Orrington
Passadumkeag
Patten
Plymouth
Springfield
Stacyville
Stetson
Veazie
Winn
Woodville
Plantations
Carroll Plantation
Drew Plantation
Seboeis Plantation
Webster Plantation
Census-designated places
Bradley
Corinna
Dexter
East Millinocket
Hampden
Howland
Lincoln
Mattawamkeag
Milford
Millinocket
Newport
Orono
Patten
Unorganized territories
Argyle
East Central Penobscot
Kingman
North Penobscot
Prentiss
Twombly Ridge
Whitney
Indian reservation
Penobscot Indian Island Reservation
Education
School districts include:
Bangor School District
Brewer School District
Burlington Public Schools
Carroll Plantation School District
Drew Plantation School District
East Millinocket School District
Glenburn School District
Greenbush School District
Indian Island School District
Hermon School District
Lakeville School District
Lowell School District
Medway School District
Milford School District
Millinocket School Department
Orrington School District
Regional School Unit 19
Regional School Unit 22
Regional School Unit 26
Regional School Unit 34
Regional School Unit 89
School Administrative District 23
School Administrative District 30
School Administrative District 31
School Administrative District 41
School Administrative District 46
School Administrative District 63
School Administrative District 64
School Administrative District 67
School Administrative District 68
Seboeis Plantation School District
Veazie School District
Woodville School District
Penobscot Unorganized Territory
University of Maine is in Orono.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Penobscot County, Maine
References
External links
Penobscot County Official Website
Penobscot County on Maine.gov
"The Ancient Penobscot, or Panawanskek". Historical Magazine, February 1872.
Maine counties
Maine placenames of Native American origin
1816 establishments in Massachusetts
Populated places established in 1816
The Oak Cinema, was an Art Deco style cinema located at the junction of Chapel Lane and Bristol Road, Selly Oak, Birmingham from 1923 to 1984.
History
It was designed by the architect Harold Seymour Scott in the Art Deco style, and opened on 26 March 1923 with a seating capacity of 1,111.
It was taken over by ABC Cinemas in March 1935 who refurbished the building and increased the seating to 1,506. The improvements included an air conditioning and heating system which provided over one million cubic feet of air per hour, and maintained a pressure inside the building which prevented draughts entering when doors were opened. The enlarged cinema was provided with a staff of 18, It re-opened on 16 December 1935.
In July 1951, the Oak Cinema was voted the second cleanest cinema in the country and the manager, Roy Fielder was presented with a Silver Medal by A.H. Sayer, chairman of the Birmingham Public Entertainments Committee.
In 1966 the chief projectionist was John Radcliff and the manager was Mr Harris.
ABC ownership lasted until April 1978, when the building was sold to an independent concern. This was short-lived, and the cinema closed on 3 November 1979. The final films were 'The Spaceman and King Arthur' and the Disney movie 'Dumbo'.
The building stood derelict until demolished in December 1984. A Sainsbury's supermarket, now closed, was built on its site.
References
Former cinemas in England
Cinemas in the West Midlands (county)
Art Deco architecture in England
Selly Oak
Demolished buildings and structures in the West Midlands (county)
Buildings and structures demolished in 1984
Spicules are tiny glass flakes which are formed during the manufacture of glass vials. A glass tube is extruded at a constant rate and a jet of water applied to the hot glass is used to cut the blank tube to length. The bottom and lip of the vial are formed by swagging or upset forming while the glass is still hot.
Spicules are formed in a cloud when the glass explodes from the contact of the cold jet. These are held to the glass blank during forming, and if the vial is not reheated or cleaned after manufacture, these spicules can drift off into the mixture subsequently placed in the vial. This is a serious problem in the manufacture of soft contact lenses or pharmaceutical products.
Glass engineering and science
Vilémovice is a municipality and village in Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 300 inhabitants.
Geography
Vilémovice is located about east of Blansko and north of Brno. It lies in the Drahany Highlands. The highest point is at above sea level.
Vilémovice lies in the Moravian Karst Protected Landscape Area. The Macocha Gorge, the deepest sinkhole of its kind in Central Europe, is located in the municipal territory.
History
The first written mention of Vilémovice is from 1267.
Notable people
František Ševčík (1942–2017), ice hockey player
References
External links
Villages in Blansko District
Dorian van Rijsselberghe (born 24 November 1988, in Den Burg) is a sailor (windsurfer) from the Netherlands.
He won his first Dutch title when he was 13.
Van Rijsselberghe on the Dutch RS:X won the gold medals at the 2012 Olympics in Weymouth, and the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Personal life
Van Rijsselberghe was a student at CIOS. Van Rijsselberghe is married and has two daughters.
2012 Olympics
Van Rijsselberghe dominated the competition completely by finishing first among the 38 competitors in 7 out of 10 races, second twice and third once. After the ninth race, he had accumulated a sufficient lead over the second placed Nick Dempsey to be certain to win the gold medal – as long as he competed in the remaining races – irrespective of his results in the 10th race and in the medal race.
Further reading
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
People from Texel
Dutch windsurfers
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – RS:X
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – RS:X
Olympic sailors of the Netherlands
Dutch male sailors (sport)
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in sailing
Knights of the Order of Orange-Nassau
RS:X class world champions
Sportspeople from North Holland
Gustavo Denegri (born March 1937) is an Italian billionaire businessman, the chairman of DiaSorin, an Italian biotechnology company.
He has a bachelor's degree in chemistry from the University of Turin.
Denegri owns 44% of DiaSorin via IP Investimenti e Partecipazioni, a holding company controlled by his family. By 2020, Forbes estimated his net worth at $3.1 billion.
He is married with two children, and lives in Turin, Italy.
References
1937 births
Italian billionaires
Businesspeople from Turin
Living people
University of Turin alumni
Zixi County () is a county in the northeast of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China, bordering Fujian province to the east. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Fuzhou.
Administrative divisions
In the present, Zixi County has 5 towns and 2 townships.
5 towns
2 townships
Gaotian ()
Shixia ()
Demographics
The population of the district was in 1999.
Climate
Notes and references
County-level divisions of Jiangxi
Fuzhou, Jiangxi
People and dogs (El nas we El Kelab, ) is a collection of short stories written by the Egyptian physician Moawad GadElrab (15 September 1929 – 23 August 1983) and published by The National Publishing and Printing house in Cairo, Egypt 1964.
Stories
The Demon
Another woman
Because my brother
Do not speed up the pace
Witness on the Nile
The rest of life
It's also For me
In hand of God
Flesh of a friend
Sakka's daughter
The cup
I'll be back tomorrow
People and dogs
Images from the past
See also
List of Egyptian writers
Moawad GadElrab
References
1964 short story collections
20th-century Arabic books
Egyptian books
Gabriel Valongo da Silva better known as Gabriel (Camaçari, June 30, 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a center back for Luverdense.
Career statistics
(Correct )
Honours
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense: 2010
Contract
a three-year contract with Atlético Paranaense.
a one-year loan deal with Guarani. (June 2011 to May 2012)
References
External links
soccerway
Avaí
1987 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Avaí FC players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Guarani FC players
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
Association football central defenders
James Rippey (born 1977) is a Scottish born English international indoor and lawn bowler.
Currently ranked world number 21 by the World Bowls Tour(WBT 2019).
Career
He won the Scottish national fours title aged just 17. He went on to captain the U25s England outdoor side and has won the English indoor Triples title. He qualified for the 2016, 2017, 2019 (Singles & Pairs) and 2020 World Indoor Bowls Championships.
In 2018 he defeated the world champion Mark Dawes in the first round of the Scottish International Open.
References
Living people
English male bowls players
Scottish male bowls players
1978 births
Itești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Ciumași, Dumbrava, Făgețel and Itești. These were part of Berești-Bistrița Commune until 2005, when they were split off.
Natives
Constantin Avram
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Science of Spirituality is a 501(c)(3) non‑profit organization founded in 1979. The spiritual head of Science of Spirituality is Rajinder Singh. He teaches meditation on the inner Light and Sound so people can experience for themselves the spiritual riches within. The international headquarters for Science of Spirituality (SOS), also known as Sawan Kirpal Ruhani Mission (SKRM), are based in Delhi, India, and the Western Headquarters in Lisle/Naperville, Illinois, in the United States.
Overview
Science of Spirituality has over 2,800 meditation centers in around 54 countries including Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, Oceania, and North, South, and Central America.
The new Science of Spirituality International Meditation Center, located in Lisle, Illinois was inaugurated in July 2018. The event was attended by thousands of visitors from over thirty different countries. Situated on 9 acres of land, the building, in both form and function, embodies the message of peace, community and universality. The official ribbon cutting ceremony took place in front of the “Meditator” statue on the reflecting pool at the front entrance to the Center. Helping Rajinder Singh cut the gold ribbon, were representatives from the US Congress as well as mayors from the Village of Lisle and the City of Wheaton. Also present among the 60-member delegation of dignitaries, were representatives from Gensler and Skender, the architectural firm and contractors respectively, that helped bring the vision of the Center to life.
Science of Spirituality focuses on global peace and human unity through meditation.
Organization
The organization is dedicated to spirituality, peace, and service to humanity. Science of Spirituality (SOS) organizes and facilitates seminars, talks, classes, and programs and provides a setting where people from around the world can learn to meditate.
Balancing meditation with outer responsibilities in the world
Science of Spirituality helps people learn how to balance meditating and developing spiritually with fulfilling duties and responsibilities towards society, work, and family.
Ethical living and vegetarianism
According to Science of Spirituality, "Ethical living is the stepping stone to Spirituality" as Ethical living is an indispensable foundation for spiritual progress. It includes nonviolence, truthfulness, compassion, selfless service, observance of a vegetarian diet and avoidance of alcohol and recreational drugs. By transformation of one's self, one can be a positive influence on others and make a difference in the world.
Veggie Fest, a vegetarian food and lifestyle festival organized by Science of Spirituality focuses on spreading the idea of vegetarianism and how it can make a difference in the quality of life
Spiritual teachings
According to Science of Spirituality, the teachings consist of two parts: theory and practice. The theoretical side describes the process for self-knowledge and God-realization. The practical side provides a technique by which aspirants can practice the method of meditation and experience for themselves the spiritual teachings. At the core of these teachings, is the belief that: a) there is God; b) we are soul, a part of God; c) the highest goal of life is to know God; d) we can experience God by going within through meditation; and e) we gain spiritually by leading an ethical life and serving others selflessly.
Selfless service projects
Science of Spirituality also participates in humanitarian efforts globally. The mission has raised and provided humanitarian aid for victims of natural disasters worldwide by collecting and distributing medicine and clothing and building new schools and villages in affected areas.
The mission also participates in blood donation drives, free eye-operation camps, as well as free allopathic, homeopathic, and ayurvedic medical services for everyone.
References
External links
Science of Spirituality home page
Charities based in Illinois
Contemporary Sant Mat
Meditation
New religious movements
Organisations based in Delhi
Religious organisations based in India
Spiritual organizations
Ernest Geoffrey Parsons, CVO, CBE (13 May 1901 – 26 August 1991) was a British estate manager who became one of the Commissioners of the Crown Estates for Queen Elizabeth II. He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE), and a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) for his services.
Parsons was born in Bristol as the eldest son of Ernest Parsons, a paint manufacturer (Black Friar Paints), and Ellen Mary Hill. His younger brother Dick Parsons was a championship rifle marksman with the British Army, and his cousin Patrick Seager Hill was a clothing manufacturer, and a pioneer and developer of fire protective clothing. He was educated at Clifton College, then later at Cambridge University, where he studied estate management, and became a farmer in the Salisbury, Wiltshire area.
In the 1950s he became the liaison officer for the South Western Division of the Ministry of Agriculture, and for this he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1963 Birthday Honours. He was then appointed a Commissioner of the Crown Estates by Queen Elizabeth II, for which he was made a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) in the 1973 Birthday Honours. He died on 26 August 1991 in Salisbury, Wiltshire, and is interred at Great Wishford Church, Wiltshire.
References
1901 births
1991 deaths
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Civil servants from Bristol
Gracie Spinks was a lifeguard from Old Whittington whom, it is suspected, was murdered by a former colleague.
Background
Spinks was a swimming instructor and lifeguard but had been working as a warehouse operative at the time of her death. She was a keen horse rider and kept a horse at Blue Lodge Farm in Duckmanton.
In February 2021 she had reported a former colleague, Michael Sellers, to police for stalking. He had been her supervisor at a warehouse where she once worked.
Discovery
Spinks are last seen alive by her mother at 7:30am on 18 June 2021, when she left home to tend to her horse. She was found unconscious in the horse's field after 8am and a man was seen running away. Initially it was thought she had been kicked by the horse, but paramedics realised she had been attacked and called police. She was declared dead at 8:50am.
Sellars was found dead in a field less than a mile away, at 11am the same day.
Inquests
Separate inquests were held into the two deaths.
A post-mortem examination determined that Spinks died from a stab wound that severed an artery and her spine. There was no evidence she was sexually assaulted.
It is believed by police that Michael Sellars was responsible for her stab wounds.
Police conduct
After the incident, Derbyshire police referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct due to their previous contact with Spinks. After an investigation disciplinary notices were served on five police officers.
Two were served with notices over their handling of her allegations of stalking against Michael Sellers. A sergeant and two constables were served with misconduct orders over the steps they took after discovering a bag of weapons which included a hammer, an axe and knives in May 2021 near the site where Gracie was eventually stabbed.
Her family has campaigned for "Gracie's law", which would increase funding for investigating stalking cases. Her parents said she was failed by police.
See also
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom
References
Deaths by stabbing in England
Female murder victims
Crime in Derbyshire
Harassment
Stalking
Unsolved murders in England
Violence against women in England
Miho River (Korean:미호강 / 美湖江), a tributary of Geum River, is a river beginning in Eumseong in Chungcheongbuk-do. Its length is about 37.5 km
See also
List of rivers of Korea
References
Rivers of South Korea
Phlyaria is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic, consisting of only one species, Phlyaria cyara, the pied blue, which is found in Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on the young shoots of Albizia gummifera.
Subspecies
Phlyaria cyara cyara (Nigeria: Cross River loop, Cameroon, Gabon, Congo, Central African Republic, Angola, Democratic Republic of the Congo: Mongala, Uele, Tshopo, Equateur, Sankuru, Lualaba)
Phlyaria cyara stactalla Karsch, 1895 (Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, western Nigeria)
Phlyaria cyara tenuimarginata (Grünberg, 1908) (Uganda, western and central Kenya, Democratic Republic of the Congo: east to Ituri and North Kivu, western Tanzania)
References
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 72
Polyommatini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by Ferdinand Karsch
Lycaenidae genera
Kristófer Acox (born 13 October 1993) is an Icelandic basketball player for Valur of the Úrvalsdeild karla and a member of the Icelandic national basketball team, with whom he participated in the EuroBasket 2017. He has won the Icelandic championship with KR three times in a row from 2017 to 2019. In 2022, he added his fourth championship, this time with Valur.
Early years
Kristófer was born on 13 October 1993 to Edna María Jacobsen, who is half Icelandic and half Faroese, and Terry Acox, an American basketball player who played professionally in Iceland with Körfuknattleiksfélag ÍA. He grew up with his mother and grandmother. Kristófer played both football and basketball in his youth for nine years, turning fully to basketball at the age of fourteen after being selected to the Icelandic U-15 national basketball team.
Playing career
Kristófer played for four years at Furman University. After finishing his college season in April 2017, he joined KR where he won the national championship.
He played for the Star Hotshots of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) from September to October 2017 when he returned to KR.
On 28 April 2018, Kristófer won his second consecutive national championship with KR after beating Tindastóll 3-1 in the Úrvalsdeild Finals where he was also named the Úrvalsdeild Playoffs MVP. After the season he was named both the Úrvalsdeild Karla Domestic Player of the Year and the Úrvalsdeild Karla Defensive Player of the Year, and to the Úrvalsdeild Karla Domestic All-First Team.
On 12 June 2018, Kristófer signed a two-year contract extension with KR with the option to leave if he received an offer from a bigger club. On 28 June, he exercised that option and signed with Denain Voltaire of the French LNB Pro B. After struggling with ankle injuries and unhappiness with living in a mostly non-English speaking city, he reached an agreement with the club to be released from contract in middle of November that year. Shortly later he signed back with KR for the rest of the season.
On 4 May 2019 he won his third national championship in a row with KR. After the season he was named the Domestic Player of the Year for the second year in a row.
In December 2019, Kristófer was hospitalised due to an kidney infection.
On 7 September 2020, Kristófer announced that he was leaving KR due to an disagreement between him and the club. Four days later, he signed with Reykjavík rivals Valur. On 24 September, it was reported that KR was refusing to sign Kristófer's transfer papers to Valur despite reportedly owing him millions ISK in unpaid salaries. In turn, Páll Kolbeinsson, a board member of KR's basketball department, stated that the board believed that it did not owe Kristófer any unpaid salary. He further claimed that board believed that he had hid the extent of his injuries before signing a contract extension in 2019 although evidence did show that both the then head coach Ingi Þór Steinþórsson and KR's physiotherapist where aware of them. On 30 September, KR signed Kristófer's transfer papers, officially making him a Valur player. After successfully suing KR, the team was ordered by the District Court of Reykjavík to pay him 10.3 millions ISK in undpaid salaries and 1.4 millions ISK for court costs.
In his Valur debut, Kristófer had 29 points and 13 rebounds in a 76-81 loss against Stjarnan. For the season he averaged 12.7 points and 7.5 rebounds and helped Valur finish 4th and secure their first playoff seat since 1992. In the playoffs, Valur lost to KR in five games in the first round.
During his second season við Valur, Kristófer upped his averages to 15.0 points and 11.3 rebounds with Valur finishing third in the league during the regular season. On 18 May 2022, he won his fourth national championship when Valur defeated Tindastóll in the Úrvalsdeild finals.
Awards and accomplishments
Club honours
Icelandic Champion (4): 2017, 2018, 2019, 2022
Individual awards
Úrvalsdeild Domestic Player of the Year : 2018, 2019, 2022
Úrvalsdeild Domestic All-First team : 2018, 2019, 2021, 2022
Úrvalsdeild Playoffs MVP : 2018
Úrvalsdeild Defensive Player of the Year: 2018
References
External links
Kristofer Acox at basketball.realgm.com
Kristofer Acox at eurobasket.com
Kristófer Acox at pba.ph
1993 births
Living people
Denain Voltaire Basket players
Furman Paladins men's basketball players
Kristofer Acox
Kristofer Acox
Kristofer Acox
Kristofer Acox
Kristofer Acox
Kristofer Acox
Kristofer Acox
Kristofer Acox
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Power forwards (basketball)
Kristofer Acox
Magnolia Hotshots players
Kristofer Acox
Kristofer Acox
Baduiyeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Bādūīyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bādūeeyeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 169, in 42 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
"Mal di stomaco" (Stomachache) is the second single released by Fabri Fibra from his third solo studio album: Tradimento, recorded in 2006.
As in many songs of the album, also in "Mal di Stomaco" the rapper raps about many negative aspects of Italy inserting references to various crime events.
Charts
References
2006 singles
Fabri Fibra songs
Italian songs
2006 songs
Songs written by Fabri Fibra
The 1978–79 international cricket season was from September 1978 to April 1979.
Season overview
October
India in Pakistan
December
England in Australia
West Indies in India
February
Pakistan in New Zealand
March
Pakistan in Australia
References
International cricket competitions by season
1978 in cricket
1979 in cricket
Petites esquisses d'oiseaux, is a piano work by Olivier Messiaen composed in 1985, dedicated to his wife Yvonne Loriod. It has six parts, three of which are devoted to robins.
Analysis
In the preface, Messiaen writes:
Premiere
The piece was premiered at the Théâtre de la Ville in Paris on 26 January 1987 by Yvonne Loriod. The duration is about 14 minutes.
Titles of the pieces
The six movements are titled:
Le Rouge-gorge (The Robin, Erithacus rubecula)
Le Merle noir (The Common Blackbird, Turdus merula)
Le Rouge-gorge (The Robin)
La Grive musicienne (The Song Thrush, Turdus philomelos)
Le Rouge-gorge (The Robin)
L'Alouette des champs (The Eurasian Skylark, Alauda arvensis)
Recordings
Recordings include:
Yvonne Loriod, piano (+ Préludes, Quatre Études de rythme) Erato Records 2292-45505-2/V ECD 71589, 1987-88
Paul Kim, piano (+ Catalogue d'oiseaux, La Fauvette des jardins) Centaur Records CRC 2567/68/69, 2001
Fredrik Ullén, piano Disque BIS-CD-1803, 2012
Marie Vermeulin, piano Disque paraty 612118, 2013
References
External links
Petites esquisses d'oiseaux (Bibliothèque Nationale de France)
Messiaen - Petites esquisses d'oiseaux (Piano Street.com)
Petites esquisses d'oiseaux
Messiaen - Petites Esquisses d'Oiseaux
Olivier Messiaen - Petites esquisses d'oiseaux (1985) (YouTube)
Petites Esquisses d'oiseaux
1987 compositions
Vadeni (foaled 26 March 2019) is a French Thoroughbred racehorse. He showed promise as a juvenile in 2021 when he won two of his three races including the Listed Criterium du Fonds Europeen de l'Elevage. In the following spring he finished fifth on his seasonal debut before taking the Prix de Guiche and then ran out a five-length winner of the Prix du Jockey Club.
Background
Vadeni is a bay colt with a white star and two white socks bred in France by his owner Aga Khan IV. He was sent into training with Jean-Claude Rouget
He was from the first crop of foals sired by Churchill who was the Cartier Champion Two-year-old Colt in 2016 and went on to win the 2000 Guineas and the Irish 2000 Guineas in the following year. Vadeni's dam Vaderana won one minor race from five starts in France, and was a half-sister to several winners including Vadamar (Prix du Conseil de Paris) and The Pentagon (Tyros Stakes). As a descendant of the broodmare Vadlava she was related to Val Royal, Valixir, Valyra and Vazira.
Racing career
2021: two-year-old season
Vadeni began his track career in a maiden race over 1400 metres on good ground at La Teste-de-Buch racecourse on 26 July when he started 1.1/1 favourite against seven opponents. Ridden by Jean-Bernard Eyquem he made a successful debut as he won by lengths from Loubeisien. On 14 August at Deauville Racecourse the colt was stepped up in class and distance for the Listed Criterium du Fonds Europeen de l'Elevage over 1600 metres when he was ridden by Christophe Soumillon, who became his regular jockey. Starting the 1.5/1 favourite in a six-runner field he won again as he came home two lengths clear of the Andre Fabre-trained Officer of State. On his final appearance of the year Vadeni started odds on favourite for the Group 3 Prix de Conde over 1800 metres at Longchamp Racecourse on 29 September but finished third behind El Bodegon and True Testament after lookng to be outpaced in the closing stages.
2022: three-year-old season
Vadeni began his second season on 17 April at Longchamp Racecourse when he came home fifth behind his stablemate Welwal in the Group 3 Prix de Fontainebleau. Despite his defeat Vadeni started favourite when he lined up for the Group 3 Prix de Guiche over 1800 metres at Chantilly on 10 May when the best fancied of his six opponents was the Prix Omnium II winner Dreamflight. After racing towards the rear of the field in the early stages, Vadeni moved into contention on the final turn, took the lead approaching the last 200 metres and won "readily" by two and a half lengths from Machete. After the race Rouget said "watching the race I was awfully confident. Vadeni was perfectly relaxed and that's what you want with him. He's not complicated, he just needs to be in the right rhythm and ridden from behind... I think it is a perfect prep for the Prix du Jockey Club."
On 5 June at Chantilly Vadeni started the 6.8/1 third choice in the betting behind Modern Games and Al Hakeem (Prix de Suresnes) in the Prix du Jockey Club over 2100 metres. The other twelve contenders El Bodegon, Machete, Welwal, Ancient Rome (Prix des Chenes), Onesto (Prix Greffulhe) and Mister Saint Paul (Prix La Force). Soumillon tracked the leaders as Modern Games set the pace before Vadeni moved up "smoothly" on the outside and went to the fron 300 metres from the finish. He drew away in the closing stages and won in "impressive" style by five lengths from El Bodegon despite being eased down in the final strides. After the race Soumillon said "after one light tap with the whip, he completely took off. It was impressive and I certainly didn't expect what he did there. It was something totally out of the ordinary", while Rouget commented "I knew he was a horse with a lot of talent even if he is not over-big and today he just exploded... He did it in great style and now he'll need to really show us what he's made of because he didn't just win today, he strolled away with it. It's a few years since I've seen a horse run away with this race and there were good horses in behind."
Pedigree
Vadeni is inbred 4 × 4 to Northern Dancer, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the fourth generation of his pedigree.
References
2019 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in France
Racehorses trained in France
Thoroughbred family 20-d
A dial peer, also termed addressable call endpoint, initiates or obtains calls within a telephone network.
See also
VoIP
Session Initiation Protocol
Foreign exchange station
Foreign exchange office
Off-premises extension
Private line automatic ringdown
External links
http://www.vonage-forum.com/ftopic468.html
http://www.packetizer.com/voip/h323_vs_sip/
http://www.w3.org/TR/ws-gloss/
Telephony
Nikola Čavlina (born 2 June 2002) is a Croatian professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Lokomotiva Zagreb.
Club career
In September 2020, Čavlina signed a professional contract with Dinamo Zagreb.
International career
He has been capped for various Croatian youth national teams.
Personal life
Nikola's father is Silvije Čavlina.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Footballers from Zagreb
Association football goalkeepers
Croatian footballers
Croatia youth international footballers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb II players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
First Football League (Croatia) players
The Edge of Chaos is a 2018 non-fiction book by Zambian writer Dambisa Moyo. The book explains economies on the edge of economic overhauls.
Content
The book discusses why, in Moyo's opinion, democracy is failing to deliver economic growth and how to fix it. She further talks about the short-term as a problem focus of governments and the public.
Acceptance
Placed on The New York Times Best Seller list in October 2018, it stayed on the list for three weeks.
It was covered in Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal. Garry Kasparov stated that he would be lecturing on the book with Moyo in May 2018 at the New York Public Library.
References
2018 non-fiction books
Economics books
Little, Brown and Company books
Basic Books books
Víctor Figueroa (born 29 August 1956) is an Argentine biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Argentine male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Argentina
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Mendoza, Argentina
The Glad Eye is a 1927 British silent comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Estelle Brody, Mabel Poulton and Jeanne de Casalis. It was a remake of The Glad Eye, a 1920 film based on the play Le Zebre by Paul Armont. It was made at Twickenham Studios.
Cast
Estelle Brody - Kiki
Mabel Poulton - Suzanne
Jeanne de Casalis - Lucienne
Hal Sherman - Chausette
Aubrey Fitzgerald - The Footman
A. Bromley Davenport - Galipau
John Longden - Floquet
John Stuart - Maurice
Humberston Wright - Gaston
References
Bibliography
Low, Rachael. History of the British Film, 1918-1929. George Allen & Unwin, 1971.
Wood, Linda. British Films 1927-1939. British Film Institute, 1986.
External links
1927 films
1927 comedy films
British silent feature films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
British films based on plays
Films shot at Twickenham Film Studios
British comedy films
Remakes of British films
British black-and-white films
Films produced by Victor Saville
Films with screenplays by Victor Saville
1920s British films
Silent comedy films
Olfa Kanoun is professor for measurement and sensor technology at the TU Chemnitz.
Career Development
Kanoun completed her studies in electrical engineering and information technology at the Technical University of Munich in 1995. She received her doctorate from the University of the Bundeswehr University Munich in 2001. Her thesis "Kalibrationsfreie Temperaturmessung" was awarded the research prize of the Arbeitskreis der Hochschullehrer für Messtechnik (AHMT e. V.). She then founded the Impedance Specroscopy a working group at the Bundeswehr University Munich. Her habilitation took place abroad. From 2006 to 2007 she was substitute professor for measurement technology at the University of Kassel. Since 2007 she is professor for measurement and sensor technology at the Chemnitz University of Technology.
Research
Kanoun's research deals with sensors, measurement systems and measurement methods. Among other things, it develops new sensors and new measurement solutions based on impedance spectroscopy. Applications include battery diagnosis and material tests. She also develops force, temperature and humidity measurements.
Awards
Recognition of excellence in the field on the National Day of Women of Tunisia
References
Living people
Chemnitz University of Technology faculty
Technical University of Munich alumni
Bundeswehr University Munich alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Electrical engineering academics
German women engineers
Freeport High School is a public high school in Freeport, Walton County, Florida, United States. The school's mascot is the Bulldog. The school colors are orange and blue.
Notable alumni
Regina Jaquess, 2017 World Championship Gold Medalist
References
Educational institutions in the United States with year of establishment missing
Public high schools in Florida
Schools in Walton County, Florida
Pettin' in the Park is a 1934 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Bernard Brown. The short was released on January 27, 1934.
Overview
The cartoon begins with the song "Pettin' in the Park", from the 1933 film Gold Diggers of 1933. The first part of the cartoon has to do with the song itself, and someone loving another person of the opposite sex. The second part has to do with different birds in a swimming contest in the public park pond.
References
External links
1934 films
1934 animated films
1934 comedy films
1934 directorial debut films
1930s romance films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Norman Spencer (composer)
Films directed by Bernard B. Brown
Merrie Melodies short films
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
1930s Warner Bros. animated short films
1930s English-language films
Antimo Palano is one of the Italian and international leading experts of hadron spectroscopy.
Biography
After attaining his degree in Physics in 1972, he participated to the WA76-OMEGA experiment at CERN; he was also appointed as spokesman of that experiment. Palano is involved in the BaBar experiment, at SLAC laboratories, Stanford University. He is currently Full Professor of Physics at the University of Bari.
In 2003 he discovered a new particle, dubbed Ds0*(2317), unexpected resonance constituted by a charm quark and a strange quark. In the paper in which the discovery of the new particle was reported, there is also an indication about the possible existence of another particle with a mass of about 2460 MeV, the so-called Ds1(2460), subsequently confirmed by the Belle experiment, at the KEK laboratories, in Japan.
References
External links
Homepage of the BaBar experiment
Personal Homepage of Prof. Palano
Educational page of Prof. Palano (in Italian)
Living people
Stanford University faculty
University of Bari alumni
People associated with CERN
Year of birth missing (living people)
James Arthur Murray (9 June 1880 – 29 October 1933) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa and Small Heath. He played as a right-sided forward. He represented the Scottish Junior international team.
Murray was born in Benwhat, Dalmellington, Ayrshire. He played for St Augustine's and for Benwhat Heatherbell before joining Ayr in 1897. In March 1901 he moved to England and signed for the Football League champions Aston Villa; he played once in the 1900–01 season and once the following season before joining local rivals Small Heath in November 1901. Murray scored in his only competitive outing for Small Heath, in a losing cause against Sunderland in the First Division, and was described as "fairly fast, has capital command of the ball and can shoot excellently". Nevertheless, he moved to Southern League club Watford in 1902, and later appeared for Kettering and Wellingborough, also in the Southern League.
He died in Glasgow in 1933 at the age of 53.
References
1880 births
1933 deaths
Footballers from East Ayrshire
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
Ayr F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
Kettering Town F.C. players
Wellingborough Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
The thoracic spinal nerve 12 (T12) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 12 (T12).
It may also be known as the subcostal nerve.
References
Spinal nerves
Ted Bami Minsende (born 2 March 1978 in Zaire (now Democratic Republic of the Congo)) is a former professional boxer. Nicknamed "Dangerous", Bami is a former European light welterweight champion and British light welterweight title challenger. He was until recently the trainer of his nephew, British boxer Isaac Chamberlain. Bami and Chamberlain parted ways following Chamberlain's accusations of theft; however, in May 2018, the Boxing Board of Control cleared Bami of all accusations and he remained Chamberlain's Manager until 2020.
Biography
Bami was born in Zaire (now Democratic Republic of the Congo) but has lived in Britain since the age of 12, having left Zaire to avoid the civil war in the country at that time. He was raised by his uncle who first introduced him to boxing at 15. Bami is self-managed and is trained by James Cook.
Professional career
Bami made his professional boxing debut in September 1998, with a first round stoppage of Des Sowden. In his second professional fight, Bami knocked out Gary Reid in the 2nd round of a scheduled 4 round contests. Reid would go on to challenge for the commonwealth light welterweight title. Bami's first setback came when he was knocked out by Jacek Bielski in his fourth fight.
Rise to prominence
On 17 August 2002, Bami knocked out the previously undefeated Bradley Pryce in the 6th round. Pryce has since gone on to challenge for the British welterweight title and win the Commonwealth title in the light middleweight division.
In April, 2003, Bami won the vacant World Boxing Federation (WBF) light welterweight title with a 9th round knockout of Vasile 'Laszlo' Herteg. On 26 July 2003, in his first defence of the title, Bami was knocked out by South African Samuel Malinga, who had previously defeated Colin Lynes.
Following the defeat to Malinga, Bami spent the next couple of years fighting mid-level European opposition. During this period his biggest wins were over Hungarian Jozsef Matolcsi, Russian Viktor Baranov and Poland's Rafal Jackiewicz.
European title
On 14 September 2006, following an injury to Jason Cook, Bami received a late call to fight for the vacant European light welterweight title against Italian Giuseppe Lauri, who had previously lost against Ricky Hatton and Junior Witter. On 22 September 2006, despite having a point deducted for headbutting, Bami defeated Lauri via a unanimous points decision with scores of 117-112 twice and 118-111.
On 30 March 2007, Bami scored another unanimous points decision over Lauri in a rematch for the title. Bami vacated the title following an injury.
British title
On 14 March 2008, Bami challenged David Barnes for the vacant British light welterweight title. Bami was defeated via a unanimous points decision, in a fight which Barnes controlled with his jab. In July, 2008, Bami returned to winning ways with a 7th round knockout of Stuart Elwell via a body shot.
Prizefighter 3: The Welterweights
On 24 October 2008, Bami was defeated in the final of the 3rd Prizefighter tournament by Michael Lomax. Bami, favourite going into the tournament, defeated Andrew Ferrans via knockout and Mark Lloyd on points on his way to the final.
Bami vs. Hatton
On 28 March 2009, Bami was defeated by Matthew Hatton in a 6th round stoppage in an eliminator for the IBO welterweight Title. After the fight, Bami announced that he would continue with his boxing career stating "People now think Ted Bami is over but I'm not over."
Championships held
European Light Welterweight title
WBF Light Welterweight title
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Light-welterweight boxers
Prizefighter contestants
Democratic Republic of the Congo male boxers
Democratic Republic of the Congo emigrants to the United Kingdom
British male boxers
Imma nubigena is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1910. It is found on Bali.
The wingspan is 27–29 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with the basal two-fifths darker with a strong purple gloss, limited by a cloudy irregularly waved pale greyish-ochreous transverse line, sometimes little marked. There is a large rounded purple-blackish apical blotch, limited by a similar less marked line from three-fifths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus, approximated to the first above the middle but nearly obsolete there, the space between these two lines somewhat irrorated (sprinkled) with pale greyish ochreous. The hindwings are fuscous, lighter towards the apex, the basal half suffused with blackish fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1910
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
San Rafael was a steamboat that operated on San Francisco Bay from 1878 to 1901. The components of the vessel and a sistership were manufactured in Brooklyn then shipped to San Francisco where the ships were assembled. San Rafael remained in service, primarily as a ferry, until the vessel was sunk in a collision with a ferry on November 30, 1901. Although San Rafael sank rapidly, quick action by the crews limited the loss of life to five persons or fewer. Subsequent litigation established negligence on the part of both captains as the cause of the collision.
Design and construction
San Rafael and a sistership, Saucelito were built to the same specifications in components at Greenpoint, New York, now a part of Brooklyn. The builder was Benjamin C. Terry. The components were then shipped to the west coast either by rail or ship. Terry himself traveled west to supervise the assembly of the vessels. Once complete, San Raphael was said by a newspaper, the San Francisco Call, to be "by far the prettiest boat that ever cleft the waters of San Francisco Bay". Both vessels were built as shallow draft-steamboats, which required a light-weight hull. To strengthen the hull, these vessels were built with a "hog truss", a bridge-like structure arching fore-and-aft along both sides the vessel with the function of stiffening the hull.
Operations
San Rafael and Saucelito both ran for the San Francisco and Sausalito ferry line, and were classified as ferries, even though neither was a double-ender. They were considered to be well-fitted and very speedy. Sausalito burned 1884 at the San Quentin wharf. By 1901, San Rafael was probably the last California steamboat in operation to have been built with the hog truss.
Wreck
San Rafael sank near Alcatraz Island on November 30, 1901, following a collision in the fog with the steam ferry Sausalito. Both vessels were owned by the same company, the North Pacific Coast Railroad. San Rafael was bound across San Francisco Bay, from San Francisco to Sausalito. Both vessels were proceeding slowly and ringing fog bells. Both captains realized the other ship was near, and had ordered the engines reversed, but it was too late to prevent a collision. Sausalito struck San Rafael broadside and penetrated ten feet into the dining room, then occupied by many passengers. Prompt action by the captains of the two vessels, in lashing the ships together, kept San Rafael afloat long enough for most of the passengers and crew to evacuate to Sausalito. A boiler explosion on San Rafael was averted when a fireman went into the fireroom, then neck-deep in water, and opened a valve to bleed off the steam in the boilers. Twenty minutes after the collision, San Rafael sank in around 120 feet of water. This sinking is said to have inspired Jack London in writing the opening scenes of his novel The Sea Wolf. The captain of San Rafael, John Tayler Mackenzie, was the last person to leave the sinking vessel.
Aftermath
It was hard to determine how many people had been lost. Initial rumors were that 20 or even 100 people or more had drowned. It was only until everyone had gone home and a careful count could be made that it was concluded that only five(or three ) had died. A board of inquiry found that both captains were at fault for failure to properly sound fog signals, and the licenses of both were suspended. Captain Mackenzie's license was reinstated by January 1902. He received a testimonial signed by 650 people as to his courage in the San Rafael disaster. The wreck location was not precisely known until December 14, 1901, when it was reached by a diver. Salvage efforts were begun but abandoned. In the course of these operations, the wreck was dragged along the bottom, but the precise final location was not recorded. Twenty years later, in July, 1921, the anchor line of the liner Matsonia became entangled with the wreckage of the machinery, requiring the assistance of two tugs to free the ship. Legal action against the North Pacific Coast Railway Company led to judgments against the company for negligence.
See also
Ferries of San Francisco Bay
Notes
References
Barbier, Alan, "The Wreck of the Ferry San Rafael ", Marin County Historical Society Bulletin, December 1991, pages 1-14. Bad link. Wayback Machine
Hunter, Louis C., Steamboats on the Western Rivers -- An Economic and Technological History, Dover, New York 1993
MacMullen, Jerry, Paddle-Wheel Days in California, Stanford University Press, Palo Alto, 1944
Mariner's Museum and Peluso, Anthony J., Jr., The Bard Brothers -- Painting America under Steam and Sail, Abrams, New York 1997
The San Rafael, 141 Fed. Reporter 270 (9th Cir. 1906)
Stanton, Samuel Ward, American Steam Vessels, Stanton, NY 1895, republished as American Steam Vessels -- The Classic Illustrations, New York, Dover 2003,
Ferries of California
Shipwrecks of the California coast
Ships sunk in collisions
Steamboats of California
Passenger ships of the United States
Merchant ships of the United States
Ships built in Brooklyn
Will Meugniot is an American writer, storyboard and comics artist, film producer and director. He is known for his work on animated shows in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.
Partial list of works
The Adventures of Corduroy (storyboard artist)
Batman: The Animated Series (storyboard artist)
Biker Mice from Mars (storyboard artist, 2006 version)
Bionic Six (storyboard director)
Bob the Builder (director, Ready, Steady, Build!)
Bucky O'Hare and the Toad Wars (storyboard director)
Captain America (unproduced due to Marvel's bankruptcy problems, replaced by Spy Dogs)
Captain Planet and the Planeteers (storyboard artist, supervising producer, supervising director, for DIC Entertainment)
Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future (storyboard artist)
Conan the Adventurer (producer)
C.O.P.S. (storyboard artist)
Defenders of the Earth (storyboard director)
Denver the Last Dinosaur (storyboard artist)
Diabolik (storyboard artist)
The DNAgents (co-creator, artist)
Exosquad (executive producer)
Earthworm Jim (producer, storyboard artist; pitchfilm only)
Galtar and the Golden Lance (story director, storyboard artist)
Godzilla (story director)
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (title designer, storyboard director)
G.I. Joe: Valor vs. Venom (producer, storyboard artist)
Jana of the Jungle (story director)
Jem (producer, storyboard artist)
Jonny's Golden Quest (storyboard artist)
Jonny Quest vs. The Cyber Insects (storyboard director)
Jurassic Park (storyboard artist, producer; pitchfilm for unproduced series)
Little Shop (storyboard artist)
Moon Dreamers (storyboard artist)
NFL Rush Zone (storyboard artist)
The New Adventures of Zorro (storyboard artist)
Ozzy and Drix (storyboard artist)
Pryde of the X-Men (producer)
The Real Ghostbusters (director, producer when it was titled "Slimer and The Real Ghostbusters")
Return of the Living Dead III (storyboard artist)
Ring Raiders (director)
RoboCop: The Animated Series (storyboard director, art director)
Silver Surfer (storyboard supervisor)
Street Fighter: The Animated Series (writer, animator, creative consultant)
Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends (storyboard artist)
Spider-Man Unlimited (producer, story of the first six episodes)
Sport Billy (storyboard artist)
The Secret Files of the Spy Dogs (writer of 2 & director of 12 episodes)
Stargate Infinity (director)
The Super Hero Squad Show (storyboard artist)
Swamp Thing (storyboard artist)
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (storyboard artist, storyboard cleanup artist, 2003 version)
The World's Greatest Super Friends (story director)
X-Men (supervising producer, storyboard artist)
X-Men: Evolution (storyboard artist)
Dragonlance: Dragons of Autumn Twilight (director)
Ultimate Avengers 2 (director)
Dinosaur Island (director)
Partial bibliography
1977, Superbitch No. 1 ASIN: B001GQN8YC
1992, Exotic Fantasy: The Sketchbooks of Will Meugniot ASIN: B0006P21IS
2004, Dnagents: Born Orphans,
2006, Zombie Monkey Monster Jamboree,
2008, DNAgents Industrial Strength Edition,
2008 Pandora (as illustrator)
2010, The Boy Who Cried Wolf (as Illustrator)
Awards and nominations
1991, Daytime Emmy nomination for 'Outstanding Animated Program' for Captain Planet and the Planeteers
1991, Daytime Emmy nomination for 'Outstanding Animated Program' for The Real Ghostbusters
1999, won International Monitor Award for 'Children's Programming – Director' for The Secret Files of the Spy Dogs
References
External links
Will Meugniot at the Lambiek Comiclopedia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American cartoonists
American comics artists
American comics writers
American film directors
American film producers
American male screenwriters
American storyboard artists
American television directors
American television producers
American television writers
American art directors
American male television writers
Cavipalpia translucidella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cavipalpia. It was described by Ragonot, in 1893. It is found in India.
References
Moths described in 1893
Phycitini
Roger Webster (born 1960) is an English cornetist and psychologist. He has been acclaimed as one of the world's best ever cornetists. He also teaches performance at the Royal Northern College of Music as well as giving lectures on psychology (specialising in Cognitive Intervention Therapy a version of CBT). Webster has played with some of the world's best brass bands.
Biography
Webster was born in 1960 in Doncaster, England. He was raised in Brierley. His first instrument was piano which he started playing at the age of 6. Four years later he began playing his current instrument the cornet. The piano was gradually pushed aside as he progressed with the cornet at Grimethorpe Colliery Junior Band. Before becoming a professional musician, he worked down the coal mines and prior to that as a laboratory technician. However, it wasn't until 1988 that he began to turn his hobby into his profession. In this year he was invited to join Black Dyke, one of the world's greatest brass bands, as principal cornet. He stayed here for 5 years before deciding to pursue a solo career. He did however contest during his solo period with CWS (Glasgow) Band, arguably the top band in Scotland. Webster continued to play on occasions with the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra. In 2000 he was once again invited to join Black Dyke Band, and accepted saying it felt as though he had "seven years off for personal development". It was during this time that he received a master's degree in music at the University of Leeds, and went on to complete his PhD in psychology The stay once again lasted five years with him leaving in December 2005. Within days he joined Grimethorpe Colliery Band after the band manager, invited him to join, as the principal cornet had left only as few days previously. In his first contest for Grimethorpe they came first beating his former band by one point whilst also picking up the best soloist award Roger left Grimethorpe in December 2008 along with several colleagues and is currently busy performing as a soloist and orchestral trumpeter (receiving great critical acclaim for his flugal playing in Mahler 3 and trumpet work in Gregson's Dream Song.). Webster worked for Besson whilst they were situated near London, and continues to work for them following their take-over by Buffet Crampon. Roger rejoined Grimethorpe in 2015 on principal cornet in a bid to help Grimethorpe become as successful as their recent history, when Webster was last in the band Roger has recently been awarded a professorship at the RNCM. In 2012 Webster released his first solo CD in eight years, however, this CD was for the charity Help For Heroes, and he was accompanied by The Guards' Brass Band .
Queen Victoria cornet
Webster owns a very old Besson cornet, one that was originally presented to Alexander Owen in 1875 by Queen Victoria. It is specially engraved, and has the Royal crest on the bell. The reason why the Queen presented such a gift is unknown; however, it was presented during the time when Brass music was the pop music of the day. Alexander's daughter gave it to a friend who in turn presented it to Derek Garside after a charity concert in 1961. Roger received the cornet from Garside in 2002, after Garside decided it was time to pass it on to "the present day cornet king". Webster still has it to this day.
Discography
Webster has appeared as soloist on well over 20 CDs, excluding his own. His personal solo CDs are:
Bibliography
On Classical Favourites for Trumpet Webster arranged all the pieces.
On Trumpet Through the Ages he performs on the backing CD
References
External links
Official site of Websters eco-Lube Ltd
Grimethorpe Band's Official website
Besson's Official website
Official site of Alliance Products
Fan Page
Alliance Products and Websters Eco-Lube on Facebook
Interview with 4barsrest about Shock Grimethorpe departure
English cornetists
1960 births
Living people
British psychologists
The Crozet scad (Trachurus longimanus) is a species of jack mackerel from the family Carangidae, the jacks, pompanos and trevallies, which is found off oceanic islands and over banks and sea mountains in the south east Atlantic and south western Indian Oceans.
References
Crozet scad
Taxa named by John Roxborough Norman
Fish described in 1935
Lipova is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Lipova, Mâlosu, Satu Nou, Valea Caselor, Valea Hogei, Valea Mărului and Valea Moșneagului.
Natives
Gheorghe Vrănceanu (1900–1979), mathematician
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Place names of Slavic origin in Romania
Partners in Crime is a British drama television series that began on BBC One on 26 July 2015. The six-part series is an adaptation of two Tommy and Tuppence detective novels by Agatha Christie. The first three episodes are adapted from the 1922 novel The Secret Adversary, and the last three episodes from the 1941 novel N or M? The series was not renewed for a second series by the BBC.
Alterations
The action is updated from the 1922 and 1941 settings of the novels to the 1950s, and the era of the Cold War against Stalin.
Characters
Thomas (Tommy) Beresford (David Walliams), in his early 40s, is a clever and logical man whose business ventures never quite work out, just as his university and army days were never successful. He tries to look after his spirited wife, Tuppence, and his son, George, by various money-making schemes. He does not realise that he has no head for business, but he does have a knack for espionage and crime-solving in a Cold War world full of double agents and assassins. It is a perilous world, in which Tommy flourishes.
Prudence (Tuppence) Beresford (Jessica Raine) is a quick-witted, irrepressible woman with a tendency to leap without looking. The daughter of a country archdeacon, one of five children, she misses the sense of purpose she had as a nurse in the war and cannot settle as a housewife, despite her love for Tommy and their son, George. When the opportunity is presented to aid British Intelligence in the defence of her country, she jumps at the chance to put herself, and her less willing husband, in harm's way.
Major Anthony Carter (James Fleet) is Tommy's uncle and head of "The Third Floor", a branch of British Military Intelligence. In the war, Carter knew who the enemy was, but now, in the 1950s, the adversary is a new type of spy. Carter tries to protect his hapless nephew Tommy and Tommy's wife, Tuppence, as they become involved in his new war.
Albert Pemberton (Matthew Steer) is a chemistry teacher and part-time agent for Carter. He met Tommy in hospital whilst recovering from losing a hand when working for a bomb-disposal unit. He assists Tommy and Tuppence when they require more technical knowledge, and he revels in their adventures.
Production
The series was commissioned by Ben Stephenson and Charlotte Moore for the BBC to mark the 125th anniversary of Agatha Christie's birth. The adaptation was produced by Endor Productions in partnership with Agatha Christie Productions.
Conception
David Walliams and Hilary Strong (Agatha Christie Group) approached Hilary Bevan Jones and Tom Nash (development producer) of Endor Productions with the idea of re-inventing the Agatha Christie characters Tommy and Tuppence Beresford. Walliams liked the idea of a married amateur detective duo bickering over a dead body.
Agatha Christie wrote stories featuring the Beresfords between 1922 and 1973, depicting Tommy and Tuppence from before they were married through to their old age with adult children. It was decided to set the series in the 1950s, in the context of the Cold War, which could be made to fit Christie's existing stories. The two novels chosen, The Secret Adversary and N or M?, were each made into three one-hour episodes, for a total of six.
Casting
David Walliams, the main driving force and executive producer, plays Tommy. Jessica Raine plays Tuppence, and was cast for her ability to move between drama and humour.
Filming
Creating 1950s England led to filming in central and greater London, Essex, Buckinghamshire, Surrey, Oxfordshire, Kent, Hertfordshire, and Norfolk. Didcot Railway Centre and North Norfolk Railway, Sheringham were used for period railway locations. Cromer in Norfolk was used for its coastline and pier and many unspoilt buildings and streets in the town. Englefield House and derelict industrial wastelands by the Thames. The Historic Dockyard in Chatham was used for London street scenes, and Fort Amherst in Kent was featured as the coastal tunnels.
Cast
Main
David Walliams as Tommy Beresford
Jessica Raine as Tuppence Beresford
James Fleet as Major Anthony Carter
Matthew Steer as Albert Pemberton
Guest stars
Miles Roughley as George Beresford (Episode 1)
Clarke Peters as Julius Hersheimmer (Episodes 1–3)
Alice Krige as Rita Vandemeyer (Episodes 1–2)
Paul Brennen as Lucky (Episodes 1–3)
Jonny Phillips as Whittington (Episodes 1–3)
Camilla Marie Beeput as Jane Finn (Episodes 1–3)
Madeline Appiah as Annette (Episodes 1–3)
Andrew Havill as James Peel (Episodes 2–3)
Ed Speleers as Carl Denim (Episodes 4–6)
Roy Marsden as Commander Haydock (Episodes 4–6)
Alyy Khan as Major Khan (Episodes 4–5)
Danny Lee Wynter as Gilbert Worthing (Episodes 4–6)
Christina Cole as Mrs Sprot (Episodes 4–6)
Aoife McMahon as Sheila Perenna (Episodes 4–6)
Pinar Ogun as Veronika Urbanowicz (Episodes 4–6)
Robert Hands as Frederick Minton (Episodes 4–6)
Issy van Randwyck as Elizabeth Minton (Episodes 4–6)
Tam Williams as Harrison (Episodes 4–6)
Hannah Waddingham as Blonde Assassin (Episodes 4–6)
Tamsin Dean as Hotel waitress (Episode 5)
Episodes
Broadcast
The series aired on the BBC in the UK in 2015 and was co-produced by and released on Acorn TV in the US as an original series. Five years later in 2020, Ovation acquired the US TV broadcast rights to the series, and it premiered in June 2020. It aired all six episodes until July 12, 2020.
Critical reception
For Ellen E Jones, writing in UK newspaper The Independent on Sunday, "Part of the enjoyable comfort of Christie on TV is the period detail and the BBC has pulled this off with much more visual flair than ITV ever managed". Jones found Walliams and Raine to be, "as well turned out as Cary Grant and Eva Marie Saint, or James Stewart and Kim Novak; it's only a shame their interactions don't fizz with the same sexual chemistry”, but added, “At least the two leads are individually endearing”. She also noted “a promising cast of support characters".
In The Daily Telegraph, Michael Hogan mocked the second episode's plot, writing: "Locks were picked, typewriters were thrown through windows and a narrow escape was made down a drainpipe. This was Scooby Doo stuff. The Russian assassin would've got away with it if it wasn't for those pesky Brits". But he also found that, "Walliams's performance was less muted than in last week's opener, when he played it too straight and ended up being thoroughly outshone by Raine. Here they were on more of an equal footing", and concluded: "This might be featherlight fare but sometimes handsomely produced historical fun is just the ticket for a Sunday night – see also Downton Abbey. Partners in Crimes impressive ratings (6.5 million last week) suggest it will tide plenty of us over until Downtons return this autumn. Jolly good show".
The Irish Independents Pat Stacey was much less impressed, saying, "When the hero and heroine of your mystery drama are a posh 1950s married couple called Tommy and Tuppence Beresford, you're probably half-hobbled already. When Tommy is played by David Walliams, you might as well invest in a pair of crutches. Jessica Raine is fine as the crime fiction-addicted Tuppence […] but Walliams is grossly miscast. You never for a second believe these two could be married with a young son. Required to handle a straightish dramatic role, Walliams underplays it to the point of passivity half of the time. When he's not doing that, he veers too far in the other direction, making Tommy the kind of faintly dim, ham-fisted ditherer that couldn't investigate his way through his own front door". Overall, Stacey, found: "It doesn't do to scrutinise the plot's improbable leaps and bounds. Like Hitchcock's The Lady Vanishes and The 39 Steps, both of which it superficially resembles, Partners in Crime is supposed to be a rattling, old-style good yarn. The problem is that it creaks more than it rattles, lumbering ponderously from one laboured scene to another".
See also
And Then There Were None
Agatha Christie's Partners in Crime, 1983 series
References
External links
BBC press pack
2010s British drama television series
2015 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
Television shows based on works by Agatha Christie
BBC television dramas
2010s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
2010s British mystery television series
Tommy and Tuppence
Television series set in the 1950s
Television shows filmed in the United Kingdom
Survivor Japan: Hokkaido, was the second season of Survivor Japan and it aired from July 2, 2002 to September 17, 2002. This season was set in Mikasa, Hokkaidō of Japan. The original tribes were named Toytoy (トイトイ, Toitoi) and Wakka (ワッカ, Wakka), and merged tribe was named Nitay (ニタイ, Nitai). In Reward Challenges during the tribal stage of the game, each tribe had to bet specified goods from their tribes camp. The defeated tribe had to give their goods to the winning tribe. Prior to the merge, both tribes had to burn their camp down, and to move to a new camp site. Ultimately, it was convenience store clerk Asami Kawamura won the season by a jury vote of 6-0 over maid Sakiko Sekiguchi.
Finishing order
Voting history
As Fumio and Takako both received two votes at the fifth tribal council, the number of votes each had received at previous tribal councils was taken into account. Takako had two previous votes but Fumio had three, therefore Fumio was eliminated.
External links
http://www.geocities.co.jp/Milkyway-Lynx/9948/index1.html
http://www.h4.dion.ne.jp/~seiya-mu/survivor/survivor2.ja.episode.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20040615142943/http://www.tbs.co.jp/survivor/2/digest-01.html
Japan
Japanese game shows
Television shows filmed in Japan
KGBeast (Anatoli Knyazev) is a supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. Created by Jim Starlin and Jim Aparo, the character first appeared as an adversary of Batman.
KGBeast has appeared in numerous cartoon television shows and films. Anatoli appeared in his first live adaptation as a recurring cast member on The CW Arrowverse television series Arrow played by David Nykl. Anatoli also appeared as a secondary antagonist and a henchman for Lex Luthor in the DC Extended Universe film Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice played by Callan Mulvey.
Publication history
KGBeast first appeared in (March 1988) and was created by Jim Starlin and Jim Aparo.
Fictional character biography
Backstory
Anatoli Knyazev (, ), code-named "The Beast", and known to the C.I.A. as the "KGBeast" is trained as an assassin by "The Hammer", a top secret cell of the KGB. In addition to being the master of several martial arts, his strength is cybernetically enhanced, and he also masters the use of every known deadly weapon. At the time of his first appearance, he is rumored to have killed at least 200 people.
First appearance
The Beast made his first appearance in the storyline, "Ten Nights of The Beast" Batman #417 (March 1988), which was later reprinted as a trade paperback of the same name. It was written by Jim Starlin and drawn by Jim Aparo and Mike DeCarlo.
The Hammer's general, angry that the Soviet government is working to better relations with the United States, sends Knyazev on a mission to kill 10 high-ranking U.S. officials in an attempt to cripple the Strategic Defense Initiative program. These include scientists, civilian administrators, military figures, and politicians, the last of whom being then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan, scheduled to visit Gotham City.
Despite Batman's best efforts, the Beast eliminates nearly all of his targets. In particular, he showcases his ruthlessness by poisoning an entire banquet, killing over 100 people, just to ensure that his target dies.
When Batman finally faces the Beast in hand-to-hand combat, the Beast quickly gains the upper hand, fleeing only because he thinks Batman has back-up. In addition, at the time, the Beast proves himself better than Batman in both tactical planning and skills.
During the rematch between the two, Batman snares the Beast's left wrist with the Batrope. Rather than be captured, the Beast grabs a nearby axe and chops off the restrained hand. The Beast quickly has the limb replaced with a cybernetic gun, made by one of Gotham's top weapons dealers.
Before the final confrontation between Batman and the Beast, C.I.A. Agent Ralph Bundy reminds Batman that, if the Beast is captured alive, he will have to be handed over to the Soviets, and likely escape justice. Knowing this, Batman, after thwarting the Beast's assassination attempt on Reagan, destroys the Beast's gun-arm, lures him into the sewers, and then corners him in an underground room. The Beast invites Batman to fight him to the death, but instead Batman locks the room, effectively burying the assassin alive.
In the later story, Batman: Year Three, Batman notes that he then contacted the police to pick up the subdued villain.
Later appearances
However, the Beast escapes and goes into hiding, from where he sees the Soviet Union dissolve. His protégé, the NKVDemon, surfaces in Russia, but is killed by Batman's ally, Soviet police detective Nikita Krakov. The Beast becomes a traditional supervillain, engaging in a counterfeiting scheme and having additional cybernetic implants inserted into his body. He fights Robin and the Huntress, but is ultimately defeated by King Snake. He later acquires a small nuclear bomb that he uses to threaten Gotham City. He is defeated by Robin and ultimately locked up in Blackgate Penitentiary.
In the No Man's Land storyline, the Beast appears as a henchman of Lock-Up, during the latter's tenure as the unofficial warden of Blackgate.
One Year Later
One year after the events of Infinite Crisis, the Beast is thrown from a roof by a man thought to be Two-Face, after the Beast botches an assassination. His lifeless body is later found by the police, his death caused by two gunshots to the head. Two-Face appears to be innocent of the murder; the killer seems to be the Tally Man, hired by the Great White Shark. The Beast's body is later stolen by a mysterious group who are reanimating corpses and turning them into zombie-like soldiers. His head is shown floating in a tank with several life support devices, indicating that he will return at some point in the future.
Blackest Night
As part of the Blackest Night story arc, KGBeast's corpse is reanimated by a black power ring and recruited to the Black Lantern Corps during the Blackest Night: Batman miniseries. He uses his ring to form a black energy construct of his gun arm.
Post-Flashpoint
As part of the New 52, the character gets a new backstory on the New Suicide Squad #2 (October 2014). KGBeast/Commander Anatoli Knyazev is a citizen of the USSR until it dissolves. He is trained by Boris Ulyanov/Hammer, as well as others like Kanto, and masters several forms of martial arts. In addition, he gains cybernetic abilities which increase his strength. He fights against the Suicide Squad as a Russian military soldier. After losing many times, he becomes a member of Suicide Squad.
DC Rebirth
In DC Rebirth KGBeast is now simply The Beast. He is described as one of the world's best contract killers, who formerly worked for the U.S. government and typically is exclusive to Washington D.C. His logo is a 666 symbol. He has his own private island constructed for the purposes of taking his captured enemies there and engaging them in a hunt to the death, free from any national jurisdictions. He is hired by the Penguin, Black Mask, and Great White to kill Batman and Two-Face after the latter threatens to release his collection of blackmail data to the world. Anatoli is last seen when, to stop him killing a group of rioting civilians, Batman lunges into him and over a cliff. Only Batman is saved by Duke Thomas, leaving Beast's fate uncertain.
He is hired by Bane to break Batman by assassinating his protege Nightwing. He is cornered by Batman after he murdered his father at the cabin. He's been hit in the neck, and Batman decides to walk away, leaving his fate unknown once again. It is later revealed that KGBeast was saved by government agents who had been watching their fight from a distance.
Other versions
Flashpoint
In the alternate timeline of the Flashpoint event, KGBeast is imprisoned in military Doom prison. During the prison break, KGBeast is shot with a blast by corrections officer Amazo.
In other media
Television
KGBeast makes non-speaking appearances in Justice League Unlimited. This version is a member of Gorilla Grodd's Secret Society. Prior to and during the episode "Alive!", Lex Luthor takes control of the Secret Society, but Grodd mounts a mutiny. KGBeast initially sides with the latter before defecting to the former.
Anatoly Knyazev appears in Arrow, portrayed by David Nykl. Introduced in season two, he met Oliver Queen on the island of Lian Yu and received the latter's help in escaping from Dr. Anthony Ivo. Queen later sought out Knyazev's help in joining the Bratva to kill Russian gangster Kovar. In the present, Queen occasionally seeks out Knyazev's aid in fighting Star City's crime. In season six, Knyazev joins Cayden James's cabal and fights against Queen until Ricardo Diaz usurps James in the season six finale, leading to Knyazev abandoning Diaz for fighting without honor. Following this, Knyazev becomes Queen's ally again, as well as an informant for A.R.G.U.S. In season seven, Diaz seeks revenge on Knyazev for betraying him and slaughters his Bratva unit. While Queen and his team save Knyazev, he leaves Star City not long after. In the season eight episode, "Prochnost", Knyazev returns to Russia following Diaz's death and opens a bar. He later helps Queen, Laurel Lance, and Mia Smoak procure a weapon that could be used on the Monitor while tangling with a separate faction of the Bratva. Knyazev makes his last appearance in the series finale, "Fadeout", as a guest at Queen's funeral after the latter gave his life to avert the Crisis.
KGBeast appears in Harley Quinn, voiced by Matt Oberg.
Film
KGBeast makes a brief appearance in Batman: Assault on Arkham, voiced by Nolan North. He is recruited into Amanda Waller's Suicide Squad, but believes she is bluffing when she says she implanted bombs in the recruits' necks to keep them in line. When he attempts to leave, Waller detonates KGBeast's bomb, killing him as a warning to the remaining squad members.
Anatoly Knyazev appears in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, portrayed by Callan Mulvey. This version is a mercenary, terrorist, and weapons trafficker who secretly works for Lex Luthor. While conducting business with African terrorists, Knyazev betrays them and kills his men before Superman arrives, though Knyazev escapes. While delivering Kryptonite to Luthor, Batman pursues Knyazev, but Superman stops the Dark Knight, allowing Knyazev to complete his job. On Luthor's orders, Knyazev kidnaps Martha Kent and Lois Lane, but Batman rescues the former and Superman the latter.
Video games
KGBeast appears as an NPC in the NES version of Batman: The Video Game. This version is a ninja who wields a sword and shuriken.
See also
List of Batman Family adversaries
References
External links
KGBeast at DC Comics Wiki
KGBeast at Comic Vine
Fictional henchmen
DC Comics male supervillains
DC Comics characters with superhuman strength
Fictional amputees
Fictional assassins in comics
DC Comics cyborgs
Fictional gunfighters
Fictional super soldiers
Comics characters introduced in 1988
DC Comics martial artists
Fictional KGB agents
Characters created by Jim Starlin
Characters created by Jim Aparo
Cold War in popular culture
Male film villains
Action film villains
Fictional murdered people
Suicide Squad members
The 2010 Poznań Porsche Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the seventh edition of the tournament which was part of the 2010 ATP Challenger Tour and the Tretorn SERIE+ tour. It took place at the Park Tenisowy Olimpia in Poznań, Poland from 17 to 25 July 2010, including the qualifying competition in the first two days.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Marcin Gawron
Andriej Kapaś
Grzegorz Panfil
Maciej Smoła
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
André Ghem
Javier Martí
Dawid Olejniczak
Roman Vögeli
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Andre Begemann
Marsel İlhan
Henri Kontinen
Nicolás Massú
Doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Marcin Gawron / Andriej Kapaś
André Ghem / Javier Martí
Grzegorz Panfil / Maciej Smoła
Champions
Singles
Denis Gremelmayr def. Andrey Kuznetsov, 6–1, 6–2
Doubles
Rui Machado / Daniel Muñoz de la Nava def. James Cerretani / Adil Shamasdin, 6–2, 6–3
References
External links
Official Site
Poznań Porsche Open
Poznań Open
Poz
Asgariyeh Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,674, in 2,428 families. The rural district has 12 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Pishva County
Rapala is a genus of butterflies in the tribe Deudorigini of the subfamily Theclinae of the family Lycaenidae. They are found throughout South Asia and Southeast Asia, with a few species extending to Australia and into the eastern Palaearctic region.
Males of Rapala are differentiated from other genera in the Deudorigini by their genitalia, with the conjoined valvae tapering evenly to rounded apices. The male secondary sexual characters also differ. In every species there is a brand above the origin of vein seven and lying wholly within space seven, clothed with very small scent scales, and nearly always there is an associated erectile hair tuft on the forewing dorsum beneath.
Almost all species exhibit sexual dimorphism in the colour of the upperside; normally the male is red, reddish brown or deep blue, while the female is dark brown or pale purple blue.
Selected species
Rapala arata (Bremer, 1861)
Rapala cassidyi
Rapala christopheri (Lane & Müller, 2006)
Rapala dioetas
Rapala diopites
Rapala iarbus
Rapala lankana
Rapala melampus
Rapala manea (Hewitson, [1863])
Rapala melida
Rapala nemorensis Oberthür, 1914
Rapala repercussa Leech, 1890
Rapala rhoecus
Rapala schistacea
Rapala scintilla
Rapala selira
Rapala sphinx
Rapala suffusa
Rapala tomokoae H. Hayashi, Schrőder & Treadaway, [1978]
Rapala varuna
References
External links
Images representing Rapala at Consortium for the Barcode of Life
"Rapala Moore, [1881]" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
Gopeng is a federal constituency in Kinta District and Kampar District, Perak, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1986.
The federal constituency was created in the 1984 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Gopeng constituency is divided into 33 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Perak federal constituencies
Buwenge General Hospital, also Buwenge Hospital, is a hospital under construction in the Eastern Region of Uganda.
Location
Buwenge General Hospital would be located in the town of Buwenge, in Magamaga Parish, in Buwenge sub-county, Kagoma county, in Jinja District. This is approximately north of Jinja Regional Referral Hospital.
This location lies about northwest of Mulago National Referral Hospital.
Overview
As far back as 2008, the Jinja District Administration began preparation for the construction of a general hospital in the district, with funds sourced from the government of China. When those plans collapsed, the Uganda Ministry of Health, allocated Sh17 billion for the construction of the hospital in Buwenge on , with the construction broken down in phases.
In 2013, the government of Uganda, borrowed US$195 million from the World Bank to construct, renovate and equip certain hospitals and health centers, including Buwenge General Hospital. The specific items to be constructed at the hospital include:
Construction of new buildings consisting of a double-storied T-Block to house patient wards
Build a new, larger, outpatient department
Build an emergency department (casualty department)
Build a hospital administration block
Build a house to accommodate the diesel generator for electricity
Build a placenta disposal facility
Build a bio-medical waste disposal facility
Build six new staff residences
Build a laundry facility for patients' families
Build a kitchen and dining room for patients' families
Build ventilated, improved, pit latrines for patients' families and outpatients.
See also
List of hospitals in Uganda
References
External links
Jinja District Information Portal
Website of Uganda Ministry of Health
Hospitals in Uganda
Jinja District
Busoga
Eastern Region, Uganda
Nez may refer to:
People
Nez (singer) (born 1979), Turkish singer and dancer Nezihe Kalkan
Nez, pseudonym of a member of the English alt-rock band Heavy Stereo
Nez & Rio, an American record production team
Grace Henderson Nez (1913–2006), Navajo weaver
Jonathan Nez (born 1975), ninth president of the Navajo Nation
Other uses
NEZ, acronym for "no escape zone", the effective range of an air-to-air missile
Nez Cassé, a series of French railroad locomotives
Nez Perce (disambiguation), multiple uses
See also
Pince-nez, a style of eyeglasses
Aetideidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera
Genera:
Aetideopsis Sars, 1903
Aetideus Brady, 1883
Aetidius Brady, 1883
References
Copepods
Imma periploca is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1910. It is found on New Guinea.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous purple with an ochreous-yellow streak running around the base, the costa, and the termen, forming a narrow basal patch which extends on the costa and the dorsum so that the edge is concave, very slender through the middle of the costa, at the apex forming a triangular patch, and again very finely attenuated towards the tornus. The hindwings are blackish grey.
References
Moths described in 1910
Immidae
Moths of New Guinea
The Dead One may refer to:
The Dead Ones, a 1948 film created by director Gregory Markopoulos
The Dead One (1961 film), a 1961 independent film
The Dead One (2007 film), a 2007 film by Brian Cox
"The Dead One", a song by Insane Clown Posse from their album Ringmaster
Cerro El Muerto or The Dead One Hill, a mountain peak in the Andes
See also
El Muerto (disambiguation)
Death (personification)
Jean Joseph Marie Vieuchange (1906–2003) was a French adventurer and medical doctor, best known for preparing for publication the hand-written notebooks of his brother, Michel, describing his discovery of Smara in the Western Sahara in November 1930.
Vieuchange was born in 1906 into a comfortable middle-class family in Nevers, France, the youngest of three children. His sister, Germaine, was born in 1901 and his brother, Michel, in 1904. In 1922, the family moved to Paris, where Vieuchange enrolled as a law student at the Sorbonne; finding law tedious he transferred to medicine three years later.
During 1929 and 1930, he was involved in the planning his brother's journey to Smara and moved to Essaouira in Morocco in August 1930 with the intention of travelling with him. At the last moment, following advice from Caïd Haddou, a local tribal leader, the brothers decided that Vieuchange would stay behind ready to mount a rescue mission should Michel fall ill, be injured or be taken hostage, during the perilous journey. During his return journey from Smara, Michel fell ill with dysentery and Vieuchange rushed to meet him, arranging his evacuation by aircraft to Agadir, and hospitalisation in the little clinic within the casbah. He stayed by Michel's side, nursing him around the clock, until he died, on 30 November 1930. Before his death, Michel entrusted his seven notebooks and over two hundred photographs to Jean. Over the next eighteen months, Vieuchange prepared the notebooks for publication, with extensive editing, preparation of footnotes and a postscript. He also prepared a detailed map of Michel's route, built from the notebooks. Extracts were serialised in numerous reviews and journals, the first appearing in La Vigie marocaine on 21–27 March 1931, headlined "Voir Smara et mourir" (English: "See Smara and die"). It was finally published as a book in 1932, in Paris and New York.
Vieuchange subsequently renewed his medical studies, before embarking on a career focusing on medical research. He worked at the Institut Pasteur in Paris as a microbiologist and was appointed laboratory chief in 1947. Among other things, he was part of the team that developed aluminium phosphate in suspension as an antacid, under the trade name, Phosphalugel. In 1955, he was awarded a research grant by the Rockefeller Foundation, with a two-year secondment to Caltech. He was appointed a chevalier ("knight") of the Legion of Honour on 17 April 2003.
In addition to the book, he wrote extensively about different aspects of his brother's journey for learned societies as well as publishing specialist medical papers.
He died in Paris in 2003.
Notes and bibliography
Notes
Bibliography
In five parts, weekly: 31 Dec 1931–28 Jan 1932. Part I: issue 644, 31 Dec 1931, pp 7–10. Part II: issue 645, 7 Jan 1932, pp 7–10. Part III: issue 645, 14 Jan 1932, pp 13–16. Part IV: issue 647, 21 Jan 1932, pp 7–10. Part V: issue 648, 28 Jan 1932, pp 3–5.
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
1906 births
2003 deaths
French travel writers
French male non-fiction writers
20th-century French male writers
Mommet may refer to:
Scarecrow
Poppet
Kingsdale Foundation School (KFS) is a British mixed secondary school with academy status in West Dulwich, London, with an age range of 11–19 (Year 7 to sixth form). Admissions to the school are coordinated by the Southwark London Borough Council as part of the Pan London Admissions Arrangements. However, many students live in surrounding boroughs, such as Lambeth, Lewisham and Croydon.
The school was built by the London County Council and opened in 1958. It was originally built to accommodate close to 2,000 pupils. From the 1970s it developed a reputation for poor performance and examination results and in 1998 it was put under special measures.
In an attempt to bring the school up to date, a new management team was put in place and the school formed a partnership with School Works, an initiative that uses better management and design to improve the attitude and results of failing schools. A£30 million package resulted in a state-of-the-art building utilising the existing structures and an improved environment for the pupils In August 2013, the school was identified as one of the most popular state secondary schools in the country.
The school has designated specialisms in Mathematics, Physical Education and the Performing & Expressive Arts and offers scholarships for students who demonstrate an aptitude in these areas. Scholarships for Music and Physical Education are assessed on entry to Year 7, while Art and Mathematics scholarships are assessed once a student has secured a place at the school. Scholarships are worth approximately £1,000 per annum in additional support and resources.
In July 2017, the school was judged by Ofsted, to be Outstanding in all categories of inspection, including in the Sixth Form.
School Ofsted Reports
In July 2017, Kingsdale was judged to be an Outstanding school following the Section 5 Inspection undertaken by 9 inspectors, including 4 of Her Majesty's Inspectors (HMIs).
The summary of the findings from the July 2017 Inspection Report were:
Overall effectiveness Outstanding
-Effectiveness of leadership and management Outstanding
-Quality of teaching, learning and assessment Outstanding
-Personal development, behaviour and welfare Outstanding
-Outcomes for pupils Outstanding
-16 to 19 study programmes Outstanding
In December 2012, at the previous inspection, the school had been judged to be Good.
The achievement of pupils
In previous years Kingsdale had risen from its previous poor performances and has been recognised as one of the most improved schools in London. In 2010 58% students achieved the key national benchmark of 5 or more A* – C grades at GCSE. The GCSE pass rate including Mathematics and English, in 2011 this went up to over 60%. Government figures for the new English Baccalaureate created in 2010 has the school at 4% pass rate against a national average of 15%. In 2011, all students, nearly 250, left with one recognised qualification resulting in a 100% pupil pass rate.
In 2012, as reported by Ofsted in the December 2012 report, Year 11 attainment experienced a 'significant dip'. In reporting on this situation, Ofsted stated that "During this inspection, all groups of students were making good progress in the large majority of lessons and outstanding progress in some lessons.". The report went on to state "..As a result, the progress made by all students, including boys, has now returned to the good levels seen in the past and attainment is rising rapidly across the school, particularly in English, mathematics and science."
In 2012, the school's GCSE results fell, particularly prior to the English GCSE resits which were offered to all schools caught up in the national English GCSE examination scandal. This equated to roughly 1 in 14 students nationally resitting the examination in October 2012. Performance Tables for 2012 achievement published in January 2013, do not reflect the attainment of students who achieved a Grade C or above in these English GCSE resits (36% of Kingsdale pupils achieved 5A*-C GCSE grades with English and Mathematics). The school results published on their website are therefore considerably higher than this figure as they reflect the addition of resit grades (currently published at 5A*-C GCSE grades with English and Mathematics at 49%). The national average for secondary schools in England and Wales is 59% of pupils achieving 5 A*-C grades including English and Maths.
In 2020, Kingsdale performed exceptionally well in GCSE results, despite the ever-looming pandemic: over 10 students achieved at least 9 Grade 9s and over 100 students achieved 4 or more Grades 8 & 9. Moreover, examination outcomes indicate that almost 90% of students achieved a good or better pass in both English and Mathematics and nearly 50% of the cohort achieved a strong pass in the English Baccalaureate.
Building refurbishment project
The modernist building was designed by the London County Council Architect's Department, under the leadership of Leslie Martin. In 'austerity Britain', Martin's team had to scrimp on materials creating unique 'honeycombed' plaster walls and minimal scree between floors. Still the design observed the best principles of modernism, with concrete stairs positioned at each corner of the oblong building, boxed in glass and steel frames. The shoe-box shape described a 'quadrangle' that served as an inner playground as well as letting natural light into the corridors. William Turnbull's sculpture 'Stargazer', popularly known as 'the Fish' stood in the quad.
In the early 2000s (decade), the architects De Rijke Marsh and Morgan and builders Galliford Try refurbished the building, adding a translucent, and sun-sensitive 'skin' over the quadrangle, adding additional corridors, and constructing a wooden framed, egg-shaped 'pod' that projected into the quad, containing a music hall. The re-build was controversial after the administrator Hilary Cottam was awarded the Designer of the Year award 2005.
The building refurbishment and the stakeholders, including architects drMM, have achieved world recognition for the project. Recognition has included:
2009 Highly Commended - British Council for School Environments Industry Awards 'Inspiring Design'
2008 Highly Commended - World Architecture Festival Awards 'Learning' Category
2005 Winner - Royal Fine Art Commission 'Building of the Year Award'
2004 Winner - The Wood Awards (for the Auditorium)
2004 Winner M4I - Demonstration Award (for the consultation process)
The building refurbishment programme was also featured on Channel 4's 'Secret Life of Buildings' presented by Tom Dyckhoff in August 2011 where the highly positive effect of the building and the spaces created on the students was discussed.
Kingsdale Foundation School Sixth Form
The school re-opened its sixth form in September 2010 and offers a range of courses at Level 2 and Level 3. These include Advanced Levels in Art, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, History, Mathematics, Music, French, German, Spanish, Latin, Economics, Psychology, English Literature and Philosophy, Post-16 Scholarships are made available for students in Mathematics and the Creative and Performing Arts. Sixth Form students have access to a refurbished study centre incorporating an open-plan space, as well as a range of other facilities including a music recording studio, wireless internet connection, Auditorium and HD projector equipped classrooms.
The school offers a number of official Open Evening events for students each year and has advertised the option of private tours for prospective students.
In 2020, sixty per cent of the graduating students secured places at Russell Group Universities, whilst approximately 45% of all A level grades achieved were A*- A and more than two-thirds of grades awarded were A*-B.
Admissions
In 2018, the school received over 3050 applications for 410 places which makes it the most popular school in the Borough of Southwark. The school offers Music and Sports Scholarships which assess student aptitude in these areas. Students who apply for these scholarships must complete a Supplementary Form in addition to their borough CAF.
It has recently been named by MyLondon as the hardest school to receive a place in London; whilst also in the top 10 most oversubscribed schools in the UK.
Historical Examination Allegations
In October 2012, it was confirmed that following an investigation by Ofqual, the integrity of the examination grades awarded at the school in 2011 were not compromised and "...were a true reflection of students' attainment.". This was announced in a statement from the Joint Council for Qualifications (JCQ) whose spokesperson stated "On the basis of the information received and the preliminary investigation undertaken, the conclusion was reached that the integrity of the grades given was not undermined.".
Notable alumni
Ms Banks - British rapper, singer and songwriter
Alex Yee - Professional triathlete and double Olympic medallist
Sherif Lanre - Contestant on Love Island 2019
John Coghlan - drummer in Status Quo
James Heartfield - writer and journalist
Andy McNab - novelist and former SAS operative and soldier
Caron Wheeler - singer, most famous for association with Soul II Soul
Lino Facioli - actor, played Robin Arryn in Game of Thrones
Catherine Lyons - Gymnast, European Junior Championship silver medalist
References
External links
Kingsdale Foundation School
School Works
Academies in the London Borough of Southwark
Dulwich
Secondary schools in the London Borough of Southwark
Educational institutions established in 1958
1958 establishments in England
is a Japanese professional shogi player ranked 6-dan.
Early life
Murata was born on July 14, 1986, in Uozu, Toyama. He learned how to play shogi when he was about five years old from his father. In 1998, Murata took the entrance exam for the Japan Shogi Association's apprentice school, but failed; he tried again the following year and was accepted at the rank of 6-kyū under the guidance of shogi professional .
Murata was promoted to the rank of 3-dan in 2004 at the age of eighteen, and obtained full professional status and the rank of 4-dan three years later after winning the 41st 3-dan League with a record of 15 wins and 3 losses.
Promotion history
Murata's promotion history is as follows:
1999, September: 6-kyū
2007, October 1: 4-dan
2012, March 6: 5-dan
2017, November 7: 6-dan
References
External links
ShogiHub: Murata, Akihiro
Japanese shogi players
Living people
Professional shogi players
Professional shogi players from Toyama Prefecture
People from Uozu, Toyama
1986 births
The White Slave (French: L'esclave blanche) is a 1939 French drama film directed by Marc Sorkin and starring Viviane Romance, John Lodge and Marcel Dalio. German director Georg Wilhelm Pabst acted as a supervisor on the production. It was shot at the Saint-Maurice Studios in Paris. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Andrej Andrejew and Guy de Gastyne, while the costumes were by Marcel Escoffier. It is a loose remake of the 1927 German silent film of the same title.
Synopsis
At the beginning of the twentieth century a Frenchwoman marries a westernised Turkish diplomat and travels with him to his homeland with romantic expectations of an Arabian Nights lifestyle. However she is shocked on getting there by the repressive attitude towards woman. Worse her husband falls out of favour with the Sultan, who faces growing dissent from the Young Turk movement.
Cast
Viviane Romance as Mireille
John Lodge as Vedad Bey
Marcel Dalio as Le sultan Soliman
Sylvie as Safète - la mère de Vedad
Mila Parély as Tarkine
Paulette Pax as L'amie de Safète
Marcel Lupovici as Mourad
Roger Blin as Maïr
Odile Pascal as Akilé, la soeur de Mourad
Joe Alex as Ali
Jacques Mattler as Un conseiller
Louise Carletti as Sheyla
Saturnin Fabre as Djemal Pacha
Nicolas Amato as Un voyageur
Jean Brochard as Le chef électricien
Yvonne Yma as Une Turque dans le train
Léon Larive as Un fonctionnaire
Claire Gérard as Une visiteuse
Odette Talazac as La mère de Soliman
Gaby André as Une femme du harem
References
Bibliography
Rentschler, Eric. The Films of G.W. Pabst: An Extraterritorial Cinema. Rutgers University Press, 1990.
Slavin, David Henry . Colonial Cinema and Imperial France, 1919–1939: White Blind Spots, Male Fantasies, Settler Myths. JHU Press, 2001.
External links
1939 films
1930s French-language films
1939 drama films
French drama films
Films directed by Marc Sorkin
Remakes of German films
Films set in Paris
Films set in Istanbul
Films set in the 1900s
1930s French films
John Kelly LL.D. (1750 – 12 November 1809) was a Manx scholar, translator and clergyman.
Early life and education
Kelly was born at Douglas, Isle of Man, the only son of wine cooper and farmer William Kelly and his wife Alice Kewley. He was educated by Reverend Philip Moore in the Douglas Grammar School and later at St John's College, Cambridge, where he took his LL.D degree in 1799. He was ordained in 1776 and married Louisa Dolland in 1784.
Translation of the Bible
While still a teenager, Kelly worked with his former teacher Moore in the venture with other Manx scholars and clergymen to translate the Bible into Manx. Kelly contributed with a revision of the books of the Old Testament, and also the transcription, and supervision of the printing of both Testaments at Whitehaven. The Bible had been divided into different volumes to make printing and transport easier.
The manuscript translation of the Old Testament from Deuteronomy to Job was nearly destroyed when the boat that Kelly was travelling on from Douglas to Whitehaven, struck rocks and became shipwrecked. Kelly only managed to save the manuscript by holding it for five hours above the waves, before being rescued.
The translation and publication of the Bible in Manx helped to fix Manx orthography and spelling.
Manx grammar and dictionary
While working on the translation of the Bible, Kelly began his work on developing a grammar for the Manx language as he found that he had nothing to aid him in his translation "except for the four Gospels". This culminated in his A Practical Grammar of the Ancient Gaelic or Language of the Isle of Man, usually called Manks published in 1804.
Kelly's major life's work was A Triglot Dictionary of the Celtic Language, as spoken in Man, Scotland, and Ireland, together with the English. During Kelly's life, the publication of this vocabulary was interrupted by a fire that destroyed the printed volumes, and part of the manuscript; it was eventually prepared and amended for an 1866 edition from the surviving two manuscripts by the Manx Society.
References
1750 births
1809 deaths
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Manx writers
Bible translators
People from Douglas, Isle of Man
18th-century translators
The Hindu Sena (; ), is an Indian right-wing organization, founded on 10 August 2011 by Vishnu Gupta, who is also its current leader. It has been described as a "fringe right-wing organization".
The Sena organized a birthday party for Donald Trump, then a candidate for US President, on 14 June 2016. The Sena had previously prayed for his victory in the 2016 US presidential election. In January 2016, four activists of the Hindu Sena vandalized the regional office of Pakistan International Airlines in New Delhi, demanding an end to diplomatic talks between India and Pakistan. One of the four men was arrested; the rest fled. Hindu Sena chief Vishnu Gupta was arrested on 25 December 2015, two days after he called the police and claimed that the restaurant of the hotel "Kerala House" was serving beef. Later, police stated that they were considering action against Gupta under Section 182 of the Indian Penal Code (false information, with intent to cause public servant to use his lawful power to the injury of another person). On 22nd September ,5 men from Hindu Sena were arrested for vandalizing residence of Asaduddin Owaisi.
References
External links
India
Political organisations based in India
Far-right politics in India
Hinduism in Delhi
Hindu organizations
Hindu organisations based in India
Volunteer organisations in India
Hindu organizations established in the 21st century
2011 establishments in Delhi
Hindutva
Anti-Pakistan sentiment
The Theater Koblenz is a multi-arts theatre with its own ensembles for drama, music theatre, puppetry and ballet located in Koblenz, Germany. It has about 190 permanent employees from 22 nations and offers 500 seats in a theatre building from the 18th century not far from the Electoral Palace. The manager until the end of the 2024/2025 season is Markus Dietze. Venues include the Theater am Deinhardplatz, rehearsal stages 2 and 4 as well as the Festung Ehrenbreitstein for the summer performances. In addition, the theatre participated in the Koblenz Fortress Plays for several years. In the 2009/2010 season, it was renamed from Theater der Stadt Koblenz to its current name.
Since 1970, the has stood on Deinhardplatz in front of the theatre.
History
The Koblenz Theatre was commissioned by the Elector and Archbishop of Trier, Clemens Wenzeslaus von Sachsen, and built in 1787 by the architect Peter Joseph Krahe in the then new Neustadt district. The construction was supervised by . The building was modelled on the Italian , which was widespread in the 17th century, but above all on the more modern French rank theatres. On 23 November 1787, the theatre, designed as a multi-purpose building, was opened with a performance of Mozart's Die Entführung aus dem Serail under the direction of Johann Heinrich Böhm as Kurfürstliches Komödien- und Ballhaus.
After the end of the electoral and French periods, it passed into private ownership, with the owners changing several times and doing little to maintain the building or provide an ambitious programme. On 16 December 1851, the Koblenz opera singer Henriette Sontag performed in the theatre. It was the first and only performance in her home town. In 1867, at the instigation of Lord Mayor , the theatre was bought at auction by the city of Koblenz. The city had the run-down building renovated by master builder in 1869, and the interior was rebuilt in the style of historicism. In 1937 and 1952, further alterations were made to modernise the appearance of the building and bring it into line with current safety regulations.
During the Second World War, the theatre was closed in August 1944, but since it was one of the few buildings in the city centre to remain largely intact during the , it was able to reopen on 1 June 1946. Allegedly, two caretakers had diverted the fire brigade from the to the theatre after an air raid in November 1944 with an invented order of the Gauleiter, thus preventing its destruction by fire.
Since the building offered one of the few rooms that had not been destroyed in the war and was large enough, the constituent meeting of the , which discussed the constitution of the newly founded state of Rhineland-Palatinate, took place in it on 22 November 1946.
Since the theatre had suffered considerable damage due to its age, no longer complied with the relevant safety regulations and the stage technology was completely outdated, it was comprehensively restored between 1984 and 1985 with the aim of coming as close as possible to its original state of 1787. In the process, the old dimensions of the foyer were restored and the original painting in the auditorium was reconstructed; the façade was also given back its original colour scheme.
Since 2009, the Koblenz Theatre has organised the impuls!v youth theatre festival in cooperation with the and the In 2000, the theatre, together with the "Institute for German Studies of the University of Koblenz-Landau and the university's circle of friends, donated the .
Building
The Koblenz Theatre is the only surviving classical theatre building on the Middle Rhine and the earliest surviving example of a rank theatre in Germany (as opposed to the earlier ). The exterior of the theatre is characterised by a neo-classical façade with pilasters. The rusticated ground floor has round-arched entrances. The main and mezzanine floors above are connected by colossal pilasters. These are terminated by an architrave with triglyph frieze and a projecting cornice. Attached to this is an attic with a raised central section bearing the Latin inscription 'Musis Moribus Et Publicae Laetitiae Erectum MDCCLXXXVII (To the Muses, to Morality and for the Pleasure of the Public erected 1787). The gable roof is flat and strongly recessed. The present monochrome version in yellow probably corresponds to the original state.
Inside is a flat-roofed vestibule. The main entrances to the playing hall are behind a doric pillar position. The central auditorium, decorated in blue, grey and white, is surrounded by a three-storey, free-floating tier arrangement that encloses the hall in a horseshoe shape. This is aligned with the former electoral box and decorated with illusionary painting dating back to Elmar Albrecht 1984/1985. This painting was created during the restoration according to the architect's preserved original plans; small surviving remnants indicated that it had probably also been executed in this form. The remains found of the original painting (but also of later room paintings) were preserved under the new painting where possible, in order to preserve them for later generations. The stage is flanked by boxes and a fluted pair of double columns. Above the stage is an architrave-like finial with the Latin inscription "Ridendo Corrigo Mores" (Through laughter I improve morals). The flat hall ceiling pretends to be a dome through illusionistic painting and perspective-distorted coffers. There were no preserved findings for this painting, as the ceiling had once been re-plastered, nor do the architect's plans show the ceiling; during the restoration in the 1980s, it was therefore recreated in the style of other classicist buildings. A chandelier is mounted in the centre, which further enhances the perspective effect.
Monument protection
The Koblenz Theatre is a protected cultural monument according to the (DSchG) and registered in the list of monuments of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It stands in Koblenz-Altstadt at .
Since 2002, the Koblenz Theatre has been part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Upper Middle Rhine Valley. Furthermore, it is a protected cultural property according to the Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict and marked with the blue and white protection sign.
References
Further reading
Energieversorgung Mittelrhein GmbH (ed.): Geschichte der Stadt Koblenz. Gesamtredaktion: Ingrid Bátori in collaboration with Dieter Kerber and Hans Josef Schmidt
Vol. 1: Von den Anfängen bis zum Ende der kurfürstlichen Zeit. Theiss, Stuttgart 1992. .
Vol. 2: Von der französischen Stadt bis zur Gegenwart. Theiss, Stuttgart 1993. .
Kulturdenkmäler in Rheinland-Pfalz vo. 3.2. Stadt Koblenz. Innenstadt. Edited by Herbert Dellwing and Reinhard Kallenbach, Speyer 2004, pp. 114f. .
Johann Maeckler: Entstehung des Theaters und Umriss über dessen Zeitläufe. 16 January 1869, in StAK 623 Nr. 2415, [Erste Koblenzer Theaterchronik]
C. Dommershausen: Das Stadttheater in Coblenz. Eine Festschrift zum 100-jährigen Jubiläum. Coblenz 1887.
Fritz Michel: Die Kunstdenkmäler der Stadt Koblenz. Die profanen Denkmäler und die Vororte. Munich, Berlin 1954, (Die Kunstdenkmäler von Rheinland-Pfalz Erster Band).
Reinhard Dorn: Peter Joseph Krahe. Vol. II, Bauten und Projekte in Düsseldorf, Koblenz, Hanover and Braunschweig, 1787–1806. Braunschweig 1971.
Karl Oster (ed.): Theater der Stadt Koblenz. Generalinstandsetzung 1984/85. (Dokumentation der Stadt Koblenz, 11) Koblenz 1985.
Magnus Backes: Das Theater zu Koblenz. (Rheinische Kunststätten; issue 307). Neusser Druckerei und Verlag, Neuss 1986, .
Fritz Bockius 200 Jahre Theater Koblenz 1787–1987. Koblenz 1987 (Koblenzer Beiträge zur Geschichte und Kultur)
Petra Habrock-Henrich: Ausstellung 200 Jahre Theater Koblenz. Verzeichnis der Exponate (vitrine 5), Koblenz 1987 (StAK 623, Nr. 2415)
External links
Theater Koblenz in: regionalgeschichte.net
Buildings and structures in Koblenz
Theatres in Rhineland-Palatinate
1780s architecture
Luigi Luraschi (January 7, 1906 – March 31, 2002) was a lifelong executive for Paramount Pictures who initially served as head of the studio's Domestic and Foreign Censorship Department, before spending most of the remainder of his tenure overseas, supervising both European releases of their American films and foreign-based productions such as The Conformist.
Luraschi was born in London at Queen Charlotte's and Chelsea Hospital to Guiditta Luraschi, a native of Appiano Gentile; he was never told his father's identity. His stepfather, Genaro San Sevarino, was a restaurateur. Luraschi attended Catholic school in his childhood, and was later educated in Swiss and German boarding schools. He initially followed in his stepfather's trade, joining him in moving to the Italian Riviera to help him run a hotel catering to American tourists.
Upon the recommendation of several of his American customers, Luraschi moved to America to seek work. However, he arrived in New York City during the summer of 1929, soon before the infamous "Black Tuesday" when the Wall Street Crash of 1929 put thousands out of work, and initially was unable to find a job. "While walking on 7th Avenue wondering what I could do to earn a living, I ran into a school chum from Switzerland. His mother was a theatrical agent who had an Italian novel called Death Takes a Holiday. She needed to have it translated. I took the job and got [paid] for my work. Paramount Pictures bought the novel. At the same time they hired me to do the sub-titles for all their films for foreign release. In fact, I helped to invent the technology for talking pictures with sub-titles. This was in New York. I became the head of operations for subtitles for Paramount Pictures, New York." He was soon transferred to Paramount's Hollywood offices, where he established an international division to handle inquiries from foreign publications, and supervise foreign-based productions.
Luraschi also served in a much quieter role as a frequent overseer of content in films released by Paramount. In the buildup and entry into World War II, he warned against inserting content into films that could have repercussions on Jews overseas; when Paramount produced The Hitler Gang in 1944, he alerted the studio that in one test screening, audiences were applauding anti-Semitic statements made in the film. The film scholar David N. Eldridge proposes that Luraschi, writing under the pseudonym Owen, later became a frequent correspondent with the Central Intelligence Agency, both informing them of political activities of studio talent while taking advice from them to place positive American imagery in films made at Paramount. Suggestions, such as depicting African-Americans in dignified roles to counter foreign propaganda about American race issues, or making sure American characters in foreign locales were respectful of local mores. Luraschi also reportedly claimed to have seen a naked breast during the shower scene of Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho when it was previewed for studio brass, though Hitchcock insisted he only imagined it.
Luraschi spent the '60's shuttling between Europe and the States, initially collaborating with Dino De Laurentiis on Italian-based productions for Paramount in Rome, then acting as assistant to president of production George Weltner in New York, then transferring to Paris to supervise production of René Clément's Is Paris Burning?. Luraschi was ultimately established in Rome at Mars Film Produzione, an Italian production outfit seeded by Paramount, in 1967, where he would greenlight films produced for Germany, France, Italy and Spain, and handle the release of American films in those territories. He also became VP of international production for Paramount's London offices, and often was in charge of foreign-language dubbing on behalf of their shared European distribution venture Cinema International Corporation.
He retired from studio activity in 1994 at age 88. He died of natural causes in Paris at the age of 96.
He had two children. His son, Tony Luraschi, directed the IRA thriller The Outsider, which was released by Paramount in 1980. His daughter Judy Starbuck Sorro is an artist and works for the city of San Francisco. He has 5 grandchildren. His grandson Tony Starbuck is a sound mixer based in New York. His grandson Joshua Starbuck is a lighting designer based in New York. His granddaughter Savanna Luraschi is a fashion executive an ordained Buddhist nun based in New York. His grandson Clay Luraschi is an executive with Topps based in New York. His grandson David Luraschi is a photographer based in Paris.
References
External links
1906 births
2002 deaths
American film producers
Chemistry is the second studio album by Australian rock band Mondo Rock, produced by Mark Moffat, and released in July 1981. It was released in the US in January 1982 on Atlantic Records. The album was certified 2× Platinum in Australia.
At the 1981 Countdown Australian Music Awards the album won Best Australian Album.
In 2014, the album was remastered and reissued with two bonus tracks, previously unreleased demos and came with a second disc of live tracks.
Reception
On its US release, Billboard described it as "state of the art rock that can be played on a variety of formats". In 2014, Cream Magazine described it as "one of the better albums of its year of release".
Chart performance and singles
Chemistry peaked at number 3 in Australia during a 33-week run beginning in July 1981. It was released through the Avenue Records label. State Of The Heart first charted on November 17, 1980, peaked at 6th position and stayed in the charts for 26 weeks. Mondo Rock released the single "Cool World" in 1981. It was released through the Avenue Records label. Cool World first charted on April 13, 1981, peaked at 8th position and stayed in the charts for 20 weeks. Mondo Rock released the single "Summer Of '81" in 1981. "Summer Of '81" first charted on November 16, 1981, peaked at 31st position and stayed in the charts for 17 weeks. Their second album, Chemistry was issued in July 1981, which peaked at No. 2 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart. Mondo Rock reached the top 10 on the related Kent Music Report Singles Chart with "State of the Heart" (October 1980) and "Cool World" (April 1981).
2014 live shows
In 2014 the band reformed to play the album live on its 33 anniversary.
Track listing
Bonus tracks (Single B-sides)
Previously unreleased demos
Disc 2 (Live)
Note
Compared to the LP version, the CD has switched "side A" and "side B" in its track order.
Personnel
Mondo Rock:
Ross Wilson – vocals
Eric McCusker – guitar, backing vocals
James Black – keyboards, backing vocals
Paul Christie – bass, backing vocals
John James Hackett – drums (on "We're No Angels" only)
According to the original liner notes, "these quasi-members also played drums"
Andrew Buchanan (tracks 3, 8, 12)
Gil Matthews (tracks 4, 9, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16)
Graham "Buzz" Bidstrup (1, 2, 5, 6, 7)
On the live tracks on CD 2, the drummers are:
John James Hackett (1, 2, 3, 4, 12, 13)
Gil Matthews (tracks 5–11)
Production team:
Original album (except "State Of The Heart") + "Back On The Outside"
Producer, Engineer – Mark Moffatt
Engineers – Jim Barton, Ross Cockle, Scott Hemming
"State Of The Heart" + "Mona Lisa"
Producer, Engineer – Ern Rose
Re-mix Engineer ("State Of The Heart") – Gil Matthews
Previously Unreleased Demos
Engineer, Mixed by – Gil Matthews
Live tracks
Producer – Jim Barton and Mondo Rock
Engineers – Jim Barton, Keith Walker
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1981 albums
Mondo Rock albums
Atlantic Records albums
Institut Pasteur du Cambodge (IPC; ) is a medical research centre and public health institute in Phnom Penh, Cambodia. It is part of the Pasteur Institute's international network of health centres and is partnered with the Ministry of Health. It was first established in 1953 and reopened in 1992 after the 1991 Paris Peace Agreements.
Since 1998, IPC has been the only source of post-exposure prophylaxis vaccinations in the prevention of rabies in Cambodia. The Institute has rabies prevention centres in Phnom Penh, Battambang and Kampong Cham.
From 2020, IPC has been part of the national committee involved in the public health response to the COVID-19 pandemic in Cambodia as well as conducting research into SARS-CoV-2. Researchers at IPC found through sequencing research that viruses from Cambodian horseshoe bats shared 97% similarity with SARS-CoV-2, providing knowledge into possible origins of COVID-19. IPC also conduct research on future emerging zoonoses.
See also
Health in Cambodia
References
External links
http://www.pasteur-kh.org/
Pasteur Institute
COVID-19 pandemic in Cambodia
Virology institutes
Medical and health organisations based in Cambodia
Medical research institutes
Organisations based in Phnom Penh
Research institutes in Cambodia
Phaenacropista cremnotoma is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on Java in Indonesia.
References
Moths described in 1936
Archipini
Güneyce is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
refers to the traditional Māori medicinal practices in New Zealand. Rongoā was one of the Māori cultural practices targeted by the Tohunga Suppression Act 1907, until lifted by the Maori Welfare Act 1962. In the later part of the 20th century there was renewed interest in Rongoā as part of a broader Māori renaissance.
Rongoā can involve spiritual, herbal and physical components. Herbal aspects used plants such as Harakeke, Kawakawa, Rātā, Koromiko, Kōwhai, Kūmarahou, Mānuka, Tētēaweka and Rimu.
References
Further reading
Mapping the themes of Maori talk about health
Acknowledging the Māori cultural values and beliefs embedded in rongoā Māori healing
The future of rongoa Maori: wellbeing and sustainability.
NEW ZEALAND'S BICULTURALISM AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF PUBLICLY FUNDED RONGOA (TRADITIONAL MAORI HEALING) SERVICES
Māori culture
Traditional medicine
The 1951 North Carolina A&T Aggies football team was an American football team that represented the North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University as a member of the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA) during the 1951 college football season. In their sixth season under head coach William M. Bell, the Aggies compiled a 7–1–1 record (5–1 in conference play) and outscored opponents by a total of 189 to 58. The team was also selected by the "Pigskin Huddle" published by the Associated Negro Press as the black college national champion.
Schedule
References
North Carolina A&T
North Carolina A&T Aggies football seasons
Black college football national champions
North Carolina A&T football
Jimmie Lee Robinson (April 30, 1931 – July 6, 2002), also known as Lonesome Lee, was an American blues musician who was predominantly known for his involvement in the Chicago blues scene in the 1950s and 1960s. He performed with other blues musicians of the period and worked as a session musician. Following a hiatus from music, Robinson returned to the profession in the 1990s to record his own material for full-length albums.
Biography
Robinson was born on April 30, 1931, in Chicago, Illinois, United States. As a child he lived with his grandparents. He was taught to play the guitar by his neighbor, the blues musician Blind Percy (who would later accompany him in concerts in the area). In 1942, Robinson began playing in the Maxwell Street market, where he also performed with local musicians. In 1948, Robinson met Eddie Taylor, and the two worked the Chicago club scene together until 1952. After the two split, Robinson formed a band, the Every Hour Blues Boys, with Freddie King, whom he met outside a welfare center. The band lasted four years, and King later credited Robinson as one of his earliest and most influential teachers. In 1955, Robinson joined a band led by Little Walter, which became popular in Chicago. In 1958, Walter was incapacitated by a shooting, and Robinson became the vocalist of the group in Walter's absence, but he left the band later that year, because of personnel issues. Throughout the 1950s, Robinson was in demand as a session musician, playing bass guitar and rhythm guitar for such artists as Howlin' Wolf, and Magic Sam. In addition to his session work, he recorded three singles for the Bandera label, including one of his signature songs, "All of My Life", in 1960.
In 1965, Robinson toured in Europe with Buddy Guy, Big Mama Thornton, and John Lee Hooker as a part of Horst Lippmann and Fritz Rau's American Folk Blues Festival. Robinson continued to tour and record in the United States, but, with the combination of the death of his mother and the fading popularity of the blues, his musical activity declined in the late 1960s. During this time, he opened a candy store in Chicago and toured a few more times, often with his longtime friend Little Willie Anderson, and recorded, but at an inconsistent rate. In the 1980s, however, Robinson abandoned his music career and worked as a carpenter and later a cab driver for most of the decade.
In the late 1980s, members of a local blues band called Ice Cream Men encouraged Robinson to make a comeback. He returned to music and recorded his first studio album in 1994 for Delmark Records, entitled Lonely Traveller, which included old and new tracks by Robinson. Four more albums followed: Guns, Gangs, and Drugs in 1996; Maxwell Street Blues in 1998; Remember Me, a solo acoustic recording on the APO label in 1998; and All My Life in 2001.
Robinson's comeback was capped by his active protest to prevent the gentrification of Maxwell Street. He was a member of the Maxwell Street Historic Preservation Coalition and wrote the group's theme song, "Maxwell Street Teardown Blues". Most of the buildings along the street were to have been demolished so the University of Illinois could expand. In protest, Robinson performed in 2000 on Maxwell Street, playing "Maxwell Street Teardown Blues", and fasted for 81 days. Despite the protest of Robinson and others, the street was almost completely demolished by the end of the year. Later in the year, Robinson changed his name to J. L. Latif Aliomar as a part of his religious conversion to Islam.
Early in 2002, Robinson was diagnosed with a malignant tumor in his sinuses, which was removed in April of the same year. He began performing again four days later in celebration of his 71st birthday at the Deep Blue Club. However, the cancer had already spread to the rest of his body, and his health deteriorated to the point of no recovery. On July 6, 2002, he was found dead in his car in Chicago with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Robinson most likely committed suicide to avoid the suffering stemming from his failing health.
Discography
With Shakey Jake
Mouth Harp Blues (Bluesville, 1961)
With Al Smith
Midnight Special (Bluesville, 1961)
Solo
Lonely Traveller (1994)
Guns, Gangs, and Drugs (1996)
Remember Me (APO, 1998)
All My Life (APO, 2001)
Chicago Jump (2004)
References
1931 births
2002 deaths
African-American guitarists
African-American male singer-songwriters
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
American blues singers
20th-century American guitarists
Singer-songwriters from Illinois
Guitarists from Chicago
20th-century African-American male singers
21st-century African-American male singers
Suicides by firearm in Illinois
Edward Lloyd Hyman (1894-1984) was an early twentieth century theatre manager and innovator in the cinema industry.
Biography
Born in 1894, Edward Lloyd Hyman began his career as a theater manager for the Victoria Theater in his hometown of Buffalo, New York, in 1916. He gained popularity for his elaborate productions of film during the silent era, most notable for his musical accompaniments that included: overtures, prologues, interludes, and countless other vocal and dance numbers. His success at the Victoria not only transferred, but increased when he was hired to work at the prestigious Strand Theatre, Brooklyn in 1920. He was later named the Vice President of Paramount Pictures after their historic merger with the American Broadcasting Company. He was responsible for acquisitions and dealt frequently with Walt Disney Productions.
Victoria theatre (1916-1920)
Hyman became the manager for the Victoria Theatre in 1916, when he was just 21 years old. As the manager, he gained a positive reputation for actively communicating with his patrons about what films they wished to see the most. From this dialogue with his patrons he was able to construct his programs with the audience's desires in mind, which filled the house to capacity on most nights. He realized that the standard audience member was bored by the routine screening, and thus sought to include a variety of elaborate stage productions with each screening. Here, he first identified the importance of musical accompaniment, and spent the rest of his tenure as manager improving the sonic qualities of film exhibition.
He was one of the first exhibitors to treat his orchestra as an integral component of the production. Through discussions with his patrons, Hyman realized that musical performance was one of the most compelling theatrical draws. The sentiment was rather clear, the audience had much more interest in films that featured a strong musical accompaniment. In the past, exhibitors neglected the musical wants of their performers and audience, resulting in an unpleasant atmosphere for both parties. Orchestra members felt they weren't being utilized to their full potential, and audience members were frustrated and distracted by the lackluster performances. Hyman sought to establish a friendly relationship with his orchestra, and increase their role in the exhibition. As a result, the orchestra members produced more enjoyable music that accompanied the on-screen images. Giving the orchestra members a say in exhibition helped enhance the relationship between audio and visual elements in cinema at the time.
One innovation Hyman developed at the Victoria related to the exhibition of advertisements. Rather than spend considerable amounts of money on official advertisements, Hyman simply cut out film advertisements featured in Motion Picture News, hired a photographer to take pictures of the cutouts, and then projected these images onto his screen during intermissions. As a result, the Victoria had high-quality previews produced at a fraction of the standard cost.
Strand theatre (1920-1927)
The Mark Strand theatre is where Hyman first garnished nationwide popularity. He was well known for introducing numerous musical and stage novelties, such as prologues, overtures, light shows, dance numbers, and radio broadcasts. He was very successful at securing popular musicians and dancers to perform at his theatre, namely: Charles Wakefield Cadman, Victor Herbert, Van and Schenck, Ben Bernie, Vincent Lopez, The Happiness Boys, and The Goodrich Silvertown Orchestra. Additionally, immediately following Gertrude Ederle's record breaking swim across the English Channel, Hyman was a key factor in bringing Ederle to the Mark Strand theatre for a personal appearance.
Musical Novelties
Prologues
Before the start of his features, Hyman would often produce an elaborate musical or dance number on stage. Prologues were frequently used in theatrical productions, but it was rare for them to be used in conjunction with motion pictures. His productions were universally liked by his patrons, which caused him to realize the importance of music in his programming. Additionally, many silent films were hard to follow, so the prologues helped explain the plot to the audience. Pictures of his prologues are included below along with original text published in the Exhibitor's Trade Review.
Overtures
Different from a prologue, an overture also takes place at the beginning of a film, but refers to the piece of music played before the opening credits. Overtures originated in European operas, but Hyman and other exhibitors adopted this practice to set the mood of their motion picture for their audience.
Stanley Corporation (1928-1937)
In 1928, Hyman was promoted by the Stanley Corporation (a now defunct movie theater chain) to manage their theaters in Richmond, Baltimore, and Washington D.C., in addition to the Brooklyn Mark Strand. During his time with this motion picture chain, Hyman was active in film acquisition, securing performers, and in implementing up-to-date musical and cinematic innovations.
The Stanley Corporation was purchased by Warner Bros. later on in 1928. At the time, The Stanley Corporation owned one-third of the shares in rival film company, First National Pictures. This purchase reduced competition and enabled Warner to gain further control of the market.
Paramount pictures (1941-1965)
After he resigned from his position with the now defunct Stanley Corporation, Hyman briefly continued to write publications for trade journals. Shortly after his resignation, Hyman joined United Detroit Theatres, an affiliate of Paramount. In 1941, he became affiliated with Paramount Pictures directly. Paramount operated both a theater chain and production studio until 1948, when the supreme court ruling United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc. made it illegal for a single company to hold exclusive distribution rights.
Merger Between American Broadcasting Company and United Paramount Theatres
In 1949, during the eighth year of Hyman's tenure with Paramount, the company completed a merger with the American Broadcasting Company. He was named the vice president of the company in the following year. The company experienced great economic success after the merger, and was purchased by Capital Cities in 1985 for $3.5 billion in a monumental deal financed by Warren Buffett.
Vice President of American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres, Inc. (1949-1965)
Following the merger, Edward Hyman was named the Vice President of AB-PT. As the VP, Hyman was responsible for identifying the most valuable films held by distributors, and connecting them with theaters in a timely fashion. He held the position until he retired in 1965, at the age of 71.
References
Film producers from New York (state)
American theatre managers and producers
1894 births
1984 deaths
Businesspeople from Buffalo, New York
American film studio executives
Paramount Pictures executives
20th-century American businesspeople
"Prendre un enfant" is a song by Yves Duteil from his 1977 album Yves Duteil. In 1978 he released it as a single.
It is one of his most famous songs.
Background and writing
The song was written and composed by Yves Duteil himself.
Track listings
7" single Pathé-Marconi-EMI 2C 008 - 14.607
A. "Prendre un enfant (à Martine)" (4:17)
B. "Vole à tire d'ailes, nage à tire d'eau" (2:05)
Cover versions
The song has been adapted into several languages, not all of them keeping the original meaning.
It has been recorded, among others, by Monika Martin (in German under the title "Gib einem Kind deine Hand"), Benny Neyman (in Dutch as "Ode aan Maastricht"), Nana Mouskouri (both in French and in German), Kids United with Claudio Capéo, Paul Roelandt (in Dutch under the title "Neem eens een kind bij de hand"), Monika Martin with Yvann (in German), Stefanie Hertel (in German), Peter Reber & Nina, André Rieu (in a multilanguage version as "Ode to Maastricht"), Vox Angeli, Joan Baez, and Miriam Makeba.
References
External links
Yves Duteil — "Prendre un enfant" (single) at Discogs
1977 songs
1978 singles
Yves Duteil songs
Pathé-Marconi singles
Jægerspris Castle (), in Jægerspris on the Hornsherred peninsula west of Copenhagen, is a Danish manor house. It has belonged to the Danish monarchs for most of its history which dates back to the 13th century. In the 1850s it became a retreat for King Frederik VII and his morganatic wife Countess Danner, who sought refuge there to escape the controversy their marriage had caused among the establishment in Copenhagen. After the king's death, Countess Danner turned it into an asylum for women.
Today the castle serves as a historic house museum and is also noted for its park.
History
Abrahamstrup
Until 1677 the estate was known as Abrahamstrup. It is not clear who Abraham was but the name is believed to be a reference to King Valdemar II's son Abel since most of Hornsherred in the 12th century was owned by the king. A source from 1318 refers to the estate as land belonging to the Crown.
In 1673 the castle passed into private ownership when it was acquired by jægermester Vincents von Hahn. In 1677 he renamed it Jægerspris, which literally translates to Hunter's Praise.
Prince Charles and his expansion
In 1679, the castle passed back into royal ownership and shortly after Frederick IV's ascent to the throne in 1699, he used it as a summer residence for a few years but then gave it to his younger brother Prince Charles of Denmark in 1703. Prince Charles carried out a comprehensive expansion and rebuilding of the castle. The south wing was extended with an extra storey and the single, square guard tower of the southern facade of the castle was given a twin tower to the east to add symmetry to the building. Several buildings associated with the forestry and agricultural operations of the estate were also built on the grounds. They included a pheasantry and a stud farm. The adaptions of the castle were completed in 1722. In 1726, three years before Prince Charles' death, the stud farm relocated to Vemmetofte, one of his other estates.
Hunting palace of the Oldenburgs
After Prince Charles' death in 1729, Crown Prince Christian (VI) took over the estate. Thereafter the castle continued to serve as a hunting lodge for the Danish monarchs until it was ceded to the Danish state in 1849 in connection with the adoption of the Danish Constitution.
Frederik VII and Countess Danner
King Frederik VII acquired Jægerspris Castle on 21 April 1854, the birthday of his morganatic wife Countess Danner, as a place to spend their private life, away from the controversy their liaison had caused back in Copenhagen. They carried out a major renovation of the castle assisted by the architect Johan Henrik Nebelong.
After Frederick's death in 1863, Louise lived a discreet life there. In 1866 she opened part of the castle to the public as a historic house museum where everything was left exactly the way it was, thus commemorating the popular king and their lives together.
In 1873, she founded the Frederick VII's Foundation for Poor Women from the Working Class, and the house was called "The Danner House". On her death, she left Jægerspris Castle "to the benefit of poor and destitute servant girls".
Park
In the years around 1770 the sculptor Johannes Wiedewelt erected a large number of monuments in the park commemorating famous Danish and Norwegian men and women. There are 54 monuments in the park and the adjacent forest, Slotshegnet.
The park also contains Countess Danner's burial mound and Herman Wilhelm Bissen's bust of Frederik VII.
The large oak trees in the southern section of the park were planted by Frederik V to ensure the availability of timber for naval construction. To the north there are avenues of lime trees.
Transport
From Copenhagen there is an S-train to Frederikssund, and from there bus 316 connects to Jaegerspris with a bus stop at the castle or 230R with a bus stop close to the castle (500 meters)
Gallery
References
Houses completed in 1722
Castles in Denmark
Royal residences in Denmark
Baroque architecture in Denmark
Listed buildings and structures in Frederikssund Municipality
Listed castles and manor houses in Denmark
Historic house museums in Denmark
Hunting lodges in Denmark
Museums in the Capital Region of Denmark
Houses in Frederikssund Municipality
1722 establishments in Denmark
Stephen John Cunis (born 17 January 1978) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Canterbury between 1999 and 2006. He has since been a cricket coach and administrator.
Life and career
Stephen Cunis is the son of the New Zealand Test cricketer Bob Cunis. He grew up in Northland and attended Whangarei Boys' High School. After moving to Christchurch in 1998 he played and coached at the St Albans Cricket Club for 14 years.
A fast-medium bowler and useful lower-order batsman, he was a frequent member of the Canterbury team from 2000–01 to 2004–05. His best first-class bowling figures were 5 for 59 against Otago in 2000–01. His highest score was 64 not out against Wellington in 2003–04, when he and Chris Harris added an unbroken stand of 96 for the ninth wicket.
He taught as a primary school teacher in Christchurch for 10 years. He coached extensively in Christchurch and was also the assistant coach of the New Zealand women's team. He and his family moved to Northland after the February 2011 earthquakes severely damaged his house and land.
As of 2019 he works full-time for Northland Cricket Association as the General Manager. Before taking this position he had been the Northland coach for eight years. He and his wife Kara have three sons.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Canterbury cricketers
Sportspeople from Whakatāne
New Zealand cricket coaches
New Zealand cricket administrators
Nesiostrymon is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. It was first described by Harry Kendon Clench in 1964.
Species
Nesiostrymon calchinia (Hewitson, 1868)
Nesiostrymon hyccara (Hewitson, 1868)
Nesiostrymon celida (Lucas, 1857)
Nesiostrymon shoumatoffi (Comstock & Huntington, 1943)
Nesiostrymon celona (Hewitson, 1874)
Nesiostrymon dodava (Hewitson, 1877)
Nesiostrymon endela (Hewitson, 1874)
Nesiostrymon tristis (Lathy, 1926)
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Kızık is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Seventy-five ant species have been recorded in Andorra, a small landlocked country located in the heart of the Pyrenees and bordered by Spain and France. The country covers an area of approximately . The ant fauna of Andorra is mostly dominated by Central European species (some are typical cold climate specialists); however species belonging to the Mediterranean ant fauna are also found. This can be explained by the particular geographic situation of Andorra which is characterized by a high mountain Mediterranean climate.
With 75 species recorded, the ant fauna of Andorra can be considered as highly diverse, especially considering the size of the country. The species are distributed across 21 genera belonging to 4 subfamilies (Dolichoderinae, Formicinae, Myrmicinae, Ponerinae). The most speciose subfamily was Myrmicinae and the most speciose genus was Formica with 36 and 14 species respectively. The number of ant species collected represents more than one third of the number of species found in France (213) species and about a quarter of the total number of species recorded in the Iberian Peninsula (299 species). When considered at the scale of the Pyrenees, Andorra contains about 88% of the ant species recorded in these mountains above an altitude of 1,000 m (about 85 species).
This checklist is based on Bernadou et al. (2013), who notes that the total number of species could actually be somewhat higher. Very few parasitic species are recorded and they could probably be found with a higher sampling effort, and based on what is known from the ant fauna of France and Spain, some genera can be expected to be richer (e.g. Temnothorax, Camponotus).
Species
See also
Notes
References
Checklist references
A:
B:
C:
D:
E:
F:
G:
H:
I:
J:
K:
L:
M:
N:
Andorra
Ants
Andorra, ants
Andorra
Ants
Lamartine is an unincorporated community located in the town of Lamartine, Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
The women's 1500 metres event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Rotterdam. There were only three participants.
Results
References
1500 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
1500
Evonne is a given name, an English respelling of Yvonne. Well-known women named Evonne include:
Evonne Goolagong, one of the world's leading women's tennis players in the 1970s and early-1980s
Evonne Hsu, Taiwanese pop singer
See also
Evin (disambiguation)
Evan
Even (disambiguation)
Evon (given name)
Yvon (disambiguation)
Ivon
The Polygon may refer to
Semipalatinsk Test Site
The Polygon, Southampton
See also
Polygon (disambiguation)
Bursadella minatrix is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is widely distributed on New Guinea.
The wingspan is 33–36 mm. The forewings are yellow orange with purple-blackish markings. There is a costal streak from base, terminating in a patch which occupies the apical two-fifths of the wing beyond a curved line from the middle of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus, except a curved ante-apical fascia of ground colour from near the costa at three-fourths to near the termen above the tornus. A subcostal streak is found from the base, sometimes reaching the posterior patch. The median and submedian streaks run from the base to near the middle, the median basally confluent with the subcostal. There is a dorsal streak from the base to two-thirds attenuated at the base. The hindwings are blackish fuscous, the centre of the disc purple blackish. There is also an ante-apical yellow-orange fascia, attenuated downwards to the termen below the middle.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
OCML may refer to:
Open Configuration and Management Layer, a universal application configuration and management layer in computer systems
OCML-VP, the Marxist–Leninist Communist Organization – Proletarian Way (French: Organisation communiste marxiste-léniniste - Voie prolétarienne)
Kolbad () may refer to:
Kolbad District
Kolbad-e Gharbi Rural District
Kolbad-e Sharqi Rural District
The lesser masked weaver (Ploceus intermedius) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It builds its nests in large colonies, often alongside the village weaver and sometimes the red-billed buffalo weaver. This species is commonly parasitised by the Diederik cuckoo. It is found in eastern, south-eastern and southern Africa.
Taxonomy and systematics
There are two subspecies:
P. i. intermedius Rüppell, 1845 – From Djibouti to central Tanzania
P. i. cabanisii (W. K. H. Peters, 1868) – African west coast and southern Africa
Synonyms are P. i. beattyi in Angola and P. i. luebberti in Namibia
References
External links
Lesser masked weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Lesser masked weaver - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
lesser masked weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
lesser masked weaver
Birds of East Africa
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hasanabad (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Glen Holl Elder, Jr., (28 February 1934 in Cleveland, Ohio) is the Howard W. Odum Research Professor of Sociology (emeritus), a research professor of Psychology and a current professor at the Carolina Population Center at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. His research interests are in social psychology, sociology, demographics and life course research. Elder's major work was Children of the Great Depression: Social Change in Life Experience, in 1974. The American Academy of Arts and Sciences admitted Glen H. Elder in 1988. In 1993, he was honored with the Cooley-Mead Award by the Social Psychology Section of the American Sociological Association. Elder was given honorary doctorates by the University of Bremen in 1999, by the Pennsylvania State University in 2003 and by the Ohio State University in 2005.
Education
Elder was born on February 28, 1934 in Cleveland, Ohio. He received a bachelor's of science from Pennsylvania State University, University Park in 1957, his Master's from Kent State University, Kent, Ohio and a PhD. in sociology and psychology from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill in 1961.
Publications
Giele, J.Z. and Elder, G.H., Jr. (eds.) (1998) Methods of life course research. Qualitative and quantitative approaches. Thousand Oaks: Sage.
Elder, G.H. (1999) Children of the great depression. Social change in life experience. 25. anniversary print, Boulder: Westview Press.
Elder, G.H., Conger, R.D. and Park, R.D. (2000) Children of the land. Adversity and success in rural America. Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press.
References
External links
Carolina Population Center profile
Science Blog on the Children of the Great Depression
Glen Elder at "Pioneers of Qualitative Research" from the Economic and Social Data Service
1934 births
Living people
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
American sociologists
Martín Gastón Demichelis (; born 20 December 1980) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played usually as a centre-back, although he could also operate as a defensive midfielder. He is the current head coach of Bayern Munich II.
Demichelis spent most of his professional career with Bayern Munich in Germany (seven and a half years), winning 11 major titles with the team. He also competed in his home country with River Plate, in Spain with Espanyol and Málaga and in England with Manchester City.
Demichelis earned 51 caps for Argentina, representing the country in two World Cups – finishing second in 2014 – and the 2015 Copa América.
Club career
River Plate
Born in Justiniano Posse, Córdoba, Demichelis started playing professionally in 2001, with Buenos Aires-based Club Atlético River Plate, having arrived at the club's youth system three years earlier.
He made his first-team – and first division – debut on 2 September 2001 in a game against Estudiantes de La Plata, scoring his only goal for the team against Rosario Central.
Bayern Munich
Demichelis signed for FC Bayern Munich in the 2003 summer, for €4.5 million. His first season in the Bundesliga was not very positive as he suffered a number of minor injuries, appearing in only 14 leagues games (21 in total) as the Bavarians finished in second position; in early 2004 he appeared in his only game with the reserves, against Stuttgarter Kickers.
Under new coach Felix Magath, Demichelis became a regular starter for Bayern, appearing in 75 official matches in two seasons combined as the team won back-to-back doubles, achieving a total of four during his spell.
New Bavaria boss Ottmar Hitzfeld successfully reconverted Demichelis from a defensive midfielder into a central defender. In 2008–09 he netted a career-best four goals in 29 games, but the title was lost to VfL Wolfsburg. However, the player often clashed with the new manager Louis van Gaal, starting immediately after the first matchday after being dropped from the starting XI for the 2010–11 opener against Wolfsburg, with Demichelis requesting that van Gaal omit him from the squad altogether, which the coach did; the player thereafter voiced to the press that it would be probable that he and the club went separate ways.
On 29 October 2010, benefitting from a run of injuries in the squad, Demichelis made one of his last appearances for Bayern, heading a goal in a 4–2 home win against SC Freiburg.
Málaga and Atlético Madrid
In late December 2010, Demichelis agreed to a deal with Spanish club Málaga CF, initially until the end of the 2010–11 season, with the latter retaining the option to extend the contract for a further two seasons. He rejoined former River Plate manager Manuel Pellegrini, and made his La Liga debut on 8 January 2011, scoring in a 1–1 home draw against Athletic Bilbao.
During his first four months with Málaga, Demichelis was sent off twice, but also started in all the matches he was available, being essential – as another January 2011 signee, Júlio Baptista – as the club eventually avoided relegation. On 22 August 2012 he scored the club's first-ever UEFA Champions League goal, netting the opener in the 2–0 playoff home win against Panathinaikos FC (also the aggregate score).
On 11 July 2013, Demichelis signed for Atlético Madrid on a one-year contract, after his link with Málaga expired. In December he started legal action against the latter over "non-payments", relating to "€400,000 of unpaid wages as well as bonuses".
Manchester City
On 1 September 2013, Demichelis joined former Málaga boss Pellegrini and signed with Manchester City, penning a two-year contract for a reported £4.2 million. He had been with Atlético for less than two months, and had yet to make an appearance.
Demichelis made his first appearance for his new club on 27 October 2013, starting in a 1–2 Premier League loss at Chelsea after recovering from a knee injury. On 18 February of the following year, he was sent off against FC Barcelona in the club's Champions League round-of-16 0–2 home defeat, after fouling Lionel Messi and giving away a penalty.
Despite Demichelis's rocky start at City, Pellegrini kept faith in him. On 15 March 2014, after club captain Vincent Kompany was sent off, he was instrumental in a 2–0 victory over Hull City. The following weekend he scored his first goal, contributing to a 5–0 home win over Fulham; his good run of form in the last two months of the season helped his team win the league title, and also helped him rejoin the national side.
On 12 March 2015, Demichelis renewed his expiring contract until June of the following year. A year later, he was charged by The Football Association for 12 breaches of their rules against gambling on matches, and accepted the charge; he was fined £22,058 for the breach.
On 10 June 2016, Demichelis was released.
Espanyol
On 10 August 2016, at nearly 36, Demichelis signed a one-year contract with Spanish club RCD Espanyol. On 10 January 2017, however, after only two appearances, he was released.
Málaga return
Demichelis returned to the La Rosaleda Stadium on 17 January 2017, agreeing to a five-month deal. On 15 May, he announced his retirement.
International career
Demichelis made his debut for Argentina in 2005. Also in that year he was selected by national team manager José Pekerman for the FIFA Confederations Cup, but did not leave the bench during the tournament.
On 11 September 2007, Demichelis scored his first international goal, in a friendly match against Australia, his header being the game's only goal. On 3 March 2010 he suffered a facial injury during an exhibition game with Germany, being sidelined for three weeks, but was nonetheless summoned for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Under Diego Maradona, Demichelis played in all of Argentina's games at the World Cup in South Africa, partnering Nicolás Burdisso in central defense in an eventual quarter-final exit. On 22 June 2010, he scored the first goal in the 2–0 group stage win against Greece.
Demichelis lost his place in the national side in November 2011, after a World Cup qualifier against Bolivia. A two-and-a-half-year absence followed, until he was included in Alejandro Sabella's provisional 30-man squad for the 2014 World Cup. He's ending up making the final list. On the bench for the team's first four games, Demichelis made his debut in the tournament in the 1–0 quarter-final win over Belgium in which he played the full 90 minutes, taking the place of Federico Fernandez. He went on to start in the semi-finals where his team eliminated the Netherlands in a penalty shootout after a 0–0 draw, and again in the final against Germany and picked up the runners-up medal as Argentina lost 1–0 after extra time.
Coaching career
On 2 April 2021, Bayern Munich announced that Demichelis and Danny Schwarz will replace Holger Seitz as Bayern Munich II manager.
Personal life
Demichelis also holds an Italian passport. He has two children with his wife, model Evangelina Anderson. On 19 February 2019, a group of burglars broke into his house. Demichelis reportedly found four hooded men in his Spanish property and protected his family by scaring them off. Some valuable items including cash and jewelry were stolen.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Argentina's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Demichelis goal.
Coaching record
1.In the 2020–21 season, Martin Demichelis co-managed together with Danny Schwarz.
Honours
River Plate
Argentine Primera División: Clausura 2002, Clausura 2003
Bayern Munich
Bundesliga: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2007–08, 2009–10
DFB-Pokal: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2007–08, 2009–10
DFB-Ligapokal: 2004, 2007
DFL-Supercup: 2010
UEFA Champions League runner-up: 2009–10
Manchester City
Premier League: 2013–14
Football League Cup: 2013–14, 2015–16
Argentina
FIFA World Cup runner-up: 2014
FIFA Confederations Cup runner-up: 2005
Copa América runner-up: 2015
Individual
kicker Bundesliga Team of the Season: 2007–08
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Córdoba Province, Argentina
Naturalised citizens of Italy
Argentine footballers
Argentine football managers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
Argentine Primera División players
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Bundesliga players
FC Bayern Munich II players
FC Bayern Munich footballers
La Liga players
Málaga CF players
Atlético Madrid footballers
RCD Espanyol footballers
Premier League players
Manchester City F.C. players
Argentina international footballers
2005 FIFA Confederations Cup players
2010 FIFA World Cup players
2014 FIFA World Cup players
2015 Copa América players
FC Bayern Munich II managers
3. Liga managers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in England
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in England
Outfield association footballers who played in goal
Expatriate football managers in Germany
Argentine expatriate football managers
The Native Sons of the Golden West is a fraternal service organization founded in the U.S. state of California in 1875, dedicated to historic preservation, documentation of historic structures and places in the state, the placement of historic plaques and other charitable functions within California. In 1890 they placed the first historical marker in the state to honor the discovery of gold, which gave rise to the state nickname "Golden State" and "Golden West." Former U.S. President Richard M. Nixon and former Chief Justice Earl Warren were both past presidents of the NSGW.
History
The Native Sons of the Golden West was founded 11 July 1875 by General A. M. Winn, a Virginian, as a lasting monument to the men and women of the Gold Rush era. General Winn had lived in California during the Gold Rush and was impressed with the spirit and perseverance of the Forty-Niners. Speaking of his object in organizing the Order General Winn said, "For twenty years my mind had been running on some lasting style of monument to mark and perpetuate the discovery of gold I could not think of anything that would not perish in course of time. At last it came to my mind that an Order composed of native sons would effect the object and be sustained by pride of parentage and place of nativity while it would be an imperishable memento an institution that would last through all time."
The chief objects of the Order as set forth in its constitution were, "To perpetuate in the minds of all native Californians the memories of the days of '49 to encourage a lively interest in all matters and measures relating to the promotion of the national interests and to the upbuilding [sic] of the State of California." Today, the Native Sons of the Golden West is open to membership from any native-born, current or former resident of California origin. The Native Sons of the Golden West is a charitable and fraternal organization. Organized locally into "Parlors," the group is perhaps best known for the large number of commemorative markers it has placed throughout the state.
They have a sister organization, the Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The Native Sons began as an organization "embracing only the sons of those sturdy pioneers who arrived on this coast prior to the admission of California as a state." In the 1920s, the Native Sons took two very different stances; one on immigration and one on rights for Native Americans. In April 1920, then-Grand President William P. Canbu of the Native Sons wrote that “California was given by God to a white people, and with God's strength we want to keep it as He gave it to us.” The Native Sons openly opposed Chinese, Mexican, and Japanese immigration and waged an unsuccessful legal battle for Japanese-Americans to be disenfranchised during World War II. However, by contrast, the Native Sons actively fought for California Native American rights. "The Commonwealth Club of San Francisco was looking into the matter of Indian rights under the 18 treaties as early as 1909. This resulted in a special section on Indian Affairs for the purpose of making a complete study of the rights, wrongs, and present condition of California Indians in 1924. The Native Sons was one of the groups that was active in this area. Study committees were formed and publicity as to the needs of the California Indians appeared in its magazine, the California Grizzly Bear. In 1922 and again in 1925, there were articles of real importance in arousing public opinion. In Nevada City, Native Sons Hydraulic Parlor No. 58 "aided the American Indians and succeeded in having the land set aside for native inhabitants. In April 1913, Indian agent C. H. Ashbury came from Reno to determine if the Indian land claims was valid and to conduct the proceedings, calling neighbors, city trustees, and member of the Native Sons and Daughters to testify..."
Today, the Native Sons continue to restrict admission to California-born persons.
Historical preservation
Throughout its history, members of the Native Sons have safeguarded many of the landmarks of California's pioneer days, purchasing and rehabilitating them and then donating them to the State or local governments.
Sutter's Fort, Sacramento: By 1888 the once proud fort built by John Sutter was abandoned and deteriorating and the City of Sacramento sought to demolish it. C. E. Grunsky of Native Sons of the Golden West Sunset Parlor #26 in Sacramento led the fight to purchase and restore this most important symbol of California's pioneer history. After two years of fundraising, the Native Sons bought the historic Central Building and turned the land and building over to the State of California for further restoration.
San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park, San Francisco: The Grace Quan is a reproduction of a 19th-century Chinese shrimp fishing junk. The replica was built in 2003 by the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park and all of the wood for construction was donated by Native Sons, Redwood Parlor #66.
Rancho Petaluma Adobe, Petaluma: In 1910, Native Sons of the Golden West, Petaluma Parlor #27 purchased what remained of General Mariano G. Vallejo's vast adobe ranch house. Over half of the building had succumbed to neglect and the forces of nature. In 1932 it was registered as California State Historical Landmark #18. After years of work and fundraising, the fully restored historic site was turned over to the State of California in 1951.
San Pasqual Battlefield State Historic Park, Escondido: San Pasqual Battlefield State Historic Park honors the soldiers who fought in the 1846 Battle of San Pasqual, the bloodiest battle in California during the Mexican–American War. The Native Sons of the Golden West were instrumental in raising money, preserving and ultimately creating the park which was then given to the State of California.
James W. Marshall Monument Marshall Gold Discovery State Historic Park, Coloma: In 1886, the members of the Native Sons of the Golden West, Placerville Parlor #9 felt that the "Discoverer of Gold" deserved a monument to mark his final resting place. In May 1890, five years after Marshall's death, Placerville Parlor #9 of the Native Sons of the Golden West successfully advocated the idea of a monument to the State Legislature, which appropriated a total of $9,000 for the construction of the monument and tomb, the first such monument erected in California. A statue of Marshall stands on top of the monument, pointing to the spot where he made his discovery in 1848. The monument was rededicated October 8, 2010 by the Native Sons of the Golden West, Georgetown Parlor #91 in honor of the 200th anniversary of James W. Marshall's birth.
Pioneer Monument Donner Memorial State Park, Truckee: The Pioneer Monument was erected in honor of all who made the difficult trek across the western plains and mountains to reach California during the 1840s. Constructed near the site of the cabins that gave shelter to the Donner Party, work on the monument began in 1901. On June 6, 1918 in a ceremony that included Donner Party survivors, the Native Sons of the Golden West donated the completed monument and eleven (11) surrounding acres to the State of California.
Old Customhouse (Monterey, California): The Monterey Customs House, over which the American flag was first permanently raised in California, was a landmark that Native Sons determined should not disappear if within the power of the Order to prevent it. The property belonged to the United States Government, but the Native Sons obtained a lease of the buildings and grounds and restored them in the early 1900s. The lease was ultimately transferred to a State Commission appointed under a legislative act passed in 1901 which act also carried an appropriation for further restoration of the building.
Colton Hall, Monterey: Native Sons were instrumental in 1903 in securing a legislative appropriation for necessary repairs on Colton Hall. It was within this building in September 1849 that the convention convened which drafted the Constitution under California was admitted into the Union.
Mission San Antonio de Padua, Alta: Mission San Antonio de Padua was founded on July 14, 1771, the third mission founded in Alta California by Father Presidente Junípero Serra, and site of the first Christian marriage and first use of fired-tile roofing in Upper California. The first attempt at rebuilding the Mission came in 1903, when the California Historical Landmarks League began holding outings at San Antonio. "Preservation and restoration of Mission San Antonio began. The Native Sons of the Golden West supplied $1,400. Tons of debris were removed from the interior of the chapel. Breaches in the side wall were filled in."
Bear Flag Monument, Sonoma: "For many years, the site in Sonoma Plaza where the bear flag originally had been raised went unmarked. Largely through the efforts of the Native Sons, the legislature appropriated $5,000 for a monument to be placed there. The Native Sons raised $500 to prepare the site, put on dedication ceremonies, and to move the huge rock that serves as the pedestal from a mile away." The piece is listed as a California Historical Landmark.
Bale Grist Mill founded by Edward Turner Bale in 1846 was preserved and restored through efforts of Native Sons.
Historical markers
Chapters of the organization (called "Parlors") place historical markers on buildings and on sites of historical interest. The organization maintains a list of the over 1,200 markers in place. One of these plaques is featured in the movie 'The Karate Kid on the side of Daniel LaRusso's new school in California.
Publications
From 1905 through 1954 the Native Sons and Daughters of the Golden West published The Grizzly Bear.
Notable members
George W. C. Baker (1872-1953), Los Angeles City Council Member
Edmund G. Brown (1905-1996), Attorney General and Governor of California
Lewis Francis Byington (1869-1943) District Attorney and San Francisco Supervisor
Lloyd G. Davies (1914-1957), Los Angeles City Council member, 1943-1951
Howard E. Dorsey (1904-1937), Los Angeles City Council member, 1937
Earl C. Gay (1902-1975), Los Angeles City Council member, 1933-1945
Leroy Milton Grider (1854-1919), California real-estate developer
William J. Hunsaker (1855-1933), San Diego mayor 1887-1888 and prominent attorney
Albert F. Jones (1858-1920), California state senator
Walter Knott (1889-1981), founder of Knott's Berry Farm
Joseph R. Knowland (1873-1966), politician and newspaper publisher
Valentine S. McClatchy (1857-1938), newspaper owner and journalist
Richard M. Nixon (1913-1994), 37th President of the United States
Joe Oeschger (1892-1986), major league baseball pitcher
Angelo J. Rossi (1878-1948) Mayor of San Francisco 1931-1944
James Francis Smith (1859-1928), Brigadier General, Governor-General Philippines 1906-1909
Earl Warren (1891-1974), Governor of California, Chief Justice of the United States
Stephen M. White (1853-1901), U.S. Senator 1893-1899
Buildings
Methodist Episcopal Church of Pescadero, a home of NSGW and NDGW, listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Jackson Downtown Historic District, includes a NSGW hall, listed on the National Register
See also
Native Daughters of the Golden West
Anti-Japanese sentiment in the United States
E Clampus Vitus
References
External links
Official NSGW−Native Sons of the Golden West website
Official NDGW−Native Daughters of the Golden West website
Clubs and societies in California
Lineage societies
Service organizations based in the United States
Historical societies in California
State based fraternal and lineage societies
Organizations based in San Francisco
Organizations established in 1875
1875 establishments in California
The Canadian Economic Development Assistance for South Sudan (CEDASS) is a privately funded Canadian registered charity and a registered NGO in South Sudan It was founded in 2005 by British entrepreneur David Tennant and other Canadian philanthropists.
The charity's goal was to disseminate modern farming techniques among the population of South Sudan. With support from President Salva Kiir, the organization set up in 2006 set a farm in Juba County (now Jubek State), named the Jebel Lado Farm Project after a nearby hillock (12 km to the west) that dominates the landscape. The farm is located at , about 28 km north by northeast from Juba and 12 km from Mongalla, between the White Nile and the Koda River, straddling the New and Old Juba-Yei roads.
As of 2011, the Jebel Lado farm had secured from the government a concession for 12,200 acres. From a 50-acre crop in 2008, it has expanded to 1,200 acres by 2018, including white corn, which is sold to the World Food Programme, along with sorghum, rice and vegetables. It has since added a school and a medical and health post, and partnered with the Israel-based Green Horizon project of the Global Group for management and security. As of 2018, the farm employed 50 permanent local farmworkers and another 50 to 100 seasonal workers, mainly members of the Bari tribe.
References
Charities based in Canada
Mitochondrial genome maintenance exonuclease 1, abbreviated as MGME1, is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the MGME1 gene. MGME1 is 344 amino acids long protein belonging to the PD-(D/E)XK family of nucleases. It localizes to mitochondria where it is important for maintenance of the mitochondrial genome. Loss of function mutations in MGME1 lead to defects in mitochondrial DNA, including mitochondrial DNA depletion, duplications, deletions and increased replication intermediates. Also, there is an accumulation of 7S DNA, a short single stranded linear DNA strand. MGME1 deficiency in humans leads to multisystemic mitochondrial disease.
Function
The activity of MGME1 has been studied using the purified protein in cell-free in vitro assays. Together these studies suggest that MGME1 functions to remove single stranded nucleotide flaps that arise during mitochondrial DNA replication and/or DNA repair. MGME1 has a strong preference for cutting single stranded DNA, with weak activity on duplex DNA, and no activity on RNA. It acts as an endo-/exonuclease, requiring a free 5´or 3´ end for cleavage. MGME1 can cut 5´ flap substrates that mimic primer/repair intermediates. Moreover, MGME1 removes single stranded 5´-flaps in reconstituted mitochondrial DNA replication assays where it is required to enable ligation of the newly synthesized strand.
References
Genes
Tanami is a locality in the Northern Territory of Australia located about south of the territory capital of Darwin on the border with the state of Western Australia.
The locality consists of the following land in the south-west portion of the Tanami Desert:
The following land along the Western Australian border (from north to south) - the Yingualyalya Aboriginal Land Trust, the Purta Aboriginal Land Trust, the Mount Frederick Aboriginal Land Trust, the Mount Frederick (No. 2) Aboriginal Land Trust, the Mangkururrpa Aboriginal Land Trust and the Yiningarra Aboriginal Land Trust.
the Suplejack pastoral lease and
the portion of the Central Desert Aboriginal Land Trust located to the immediate east of the above parcels of land.
The word Tanami, which is believed to an Aboriginal word whose meaning is not known, was first used by the prospector, Alan Davidson, in 1889 or 1890. Its boundaries and name were gazetted on 4 April 2007.
The Tanami Road passes through the locality from Yuendumu in the south to the north-west on its way to Halls Creek connecting to places such as The Granites gold mine and the former Rabbit Flat roadhouse.
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Tanami had 73 people living within its boundaries.
Tanami is located within the federal division of Lingiari, the territory electoral division of Stuart and the local government area of the Central Desert Region.
References
Populated places in the Northern Territory
Central Desert Region
Tanami Desert
Luis M. Mansilla (1959 in Madrid – 2012 in Barcelona), was a Spanish architect. He graduated from the E.T.S.A.M. on 1982, and obtained the Ph. degree on 1998. In 1984 he was fellow of the Spanish Academy in Rome, and in 1987 obtained the Swedish Institute Scholarship in Stockholm.
During the 1980s, he actively participated in the cultural scene of the so-called “La Movida”. A time when he developed enduring friendships with artists Sigfrido Martín Begué and Guillermo Pérez Villalta, that would strongly influence his own work. In 1992, Luis M. Mansilla and Emilio Tuñón establish the architecture firm Mansilla + Tuñón Architects, that would be operating until short after his passing. The office worked at the intersection of theory, pedagogy and practice. It received the Spanish Architecture Award in 2003 and 2017, and the Mies van der Rohe prize in 2007.
Luis Mansilla was full professor in the Architecture School of Madrid and has been visiting professor in Harvard University Graduate School of Design, the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, and the School of Architecture at Princeton University.
References
External links
Mansilla + Tuñón Arquitectos
Playgrounds M+T
1959 births
2012 deaths
People from Madrid
Spanish architects
Mark Reefer (born 16 March 1964 in Hackney) is an English professional feather/super feather/lightweight boxer of the 1990s, who won the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) Southern Area lightweight title, and Commonwealth super featherweight title, and was a challenger for the Commonwealth lightweight title against Mo Hussein, European Boxing Union (EBU) super featherweight title against Daniel Londas, and World Boxing Council (WBC) International super featherweight title against Pedro Armando Gutierrez, his professional fighting weight varied from , i.e. featherweight to , i.e. lightweight.
References
External links
1964 births
English male boxers
Featherweight boxers
Lightweight boxers
Living people
People from Hackney Central
Boxers from Greater London
Super-featherweight boxers
Marechal Deodoro is Marshal Deodoro da Fonseca (1827–1892), the first President of Brazil.
Marechal Deodoro may also refer to:
Marechal Deodoro, Alagoas, a town in Brazil named after Deodoro da Fonseca
Marechal Deodoro (São Paulo Metro), a train station
See also
Deodoro (disambiguation)
The 2015 Brasil Tennis Cup was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 3rd edition of the Brasil Tennis Cup, in the International category of the 2015 WTA Tour. It took place in Florianópolis, Brazil, from July 27 through August 1, 2015.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of July 20, 2015.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Carolina Alves
Maria Fernanda Alves
Luisa Stefani
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Cindy Burger
Susanne Celik
Andrea Gámiz
Quirine Lemoine
Anastasia Pivovarova
Laura Pous Tió
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Beatriz Haddad Maia → replaced by Anastasija Sevastova
Johanna Larsson → replaced by Paula Ormaechea
Yulia Putintseva → replaced by Tereza Martincová
Sara Sorribes Tormo → replaced by Gabriela Cé
Doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of July 20, 2015.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Carolina Alves / Luisa Stefani
Erika Drozd Pereira / Ingrid Gamarra Martins
Withdrawals
During the tournament
Cindy Burger (right elbow injury)
Champions
Singles
Teliana Pereira def. Annika Beck, 6–4, 4–6, 6–1
Doubles
Annika Beck / Laura Siegemund def. María Irigoyen / Paula Kania, 6–3, 7–6(7–1)
External links
Official website
Brasil Tennis Cup
Brasil Tennis Cup
2015 in Brazilian tennis
Solitary: Inside Red Onion State Prison is a documentary film by HBO about Red Onion State Prison, a supermax prison, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
References
External links
Solitary: Inside Red Onion State Prison on HBO
2016 television films
2016 films
Documentary films about incarceration in the United States
HBO documentary films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Puranokot is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1666 people living in 330 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The golden palm weaver (Ploceus bojeri) is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae. It is found in eastern Africa.
References
External links
Golden palm weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
golden palm weaver
Birds of the Horn of Africa
golden palm weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Thaumatovalva spinai is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Józef Razowski and Pasquale Trematerra in 2010. It is found in Ethiopia and possibly Nigeria.
The length of the forewings is about 6 mm. The forewings are dark brown, irregularly and faintly mixed with specks of charcoal, rust and cream. There is an inconspicuous pair of tiny cream dots ringed with orange near the distal end of the discal cell, as well as a narrow cream irregular band extending along the termen. The hindwings are nearly uniform brown.
Etymology
The species is named for Giuseppe Spina, who collected the holotype.
References
Moths described in 2010
Grapholitini
Mathieu de la Porte (Nijmegen, 17th century - 1722) was a French mathematician.
Life
De la Porte was the son of a French merchant who had moved to the Netherlands. He moved back to France when he was 18 and recanted the Protestant faith. He joined the guild of the "maître écrivain" and taught accounting and arithmetic.
His work "Guide des negocians" is known as one of the most popular books about Double-entry bookkeeping system and had 23 editions between 1685 and 1787.
Works
References
French mathematicians
1722 deaths
17th-century births
Garrett is a surname and given name of Germanic and of Old French origins. It is one of the many baptismal surnames to have been derived from the popular given names of Gerardus, Gerard and Gerald in 12th-century England. Both of these names were taken to Britain by the conquering Normans and are the Old French versions of ancient Germanic personal names. The name Gerard (or Germanic: Gerhard) is composed of the Germanic elements or (meaning 'spear') and ('brave', 'hard' or 'strong'), while Gerald is composed of again or ('spear') and ('to rule'). Although Garrett remains predominantly only a last name in the UK and Ireland, elsewhere in the English-speaking world it is also a common first name (e.g. in the United States).
Other surnames derived from Gerardus, Gerard and Gerald include: Gerrard, Garratt, Garret, Garred, Garrad, Garrard, Garrod, Jarrett, Jared, Jarratt, Jarrard, and Jerrold.
People with the given name
Gerald FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare (fl. 1477–1513), aka "Garrett the Great", Lord Deputy of Ireland
Garrett Adelstein (born 1986), American professional poker player
Garrett Arbelbide (1909–1983), American football and baseball player and football coach
Garrett Atkins (born 1979), American former Major League Baseball third baseman
Garrett Birkhoff (1911–1996), American mathematician
Garrett Bradbury (born 1995), American football player
Garrett Bradley (politician) (born 1970), current representative in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for the 3rd Plymouth district
Garrett Brock Trapnell (1938–1993), con man, bank robber, and aircraft hijacker
Garrett Broshuis (born 1981), former professional baseball player
Garrett Brown (born 1942), American cinematographer
Garrett Brown, Jr. (born 1943), former federal judge and attorney
Garrett Burnett (born 1975), former professional ice hockey player
Garrett Byrne (Irish politician) (1829–1897), Irish nationalist
Garrett Byrnes (born 1971), American composer
Garrett Caldwell (born 1973), American-born Canadian former soccer player
Garrett Camp (born 1978), Canadian entrepreneur
Garrett Caples (born 1972), American poet
Garrett Celek (born 1988), American football tight end
Garrett Clayton (born 1991), American actor, singer, and dancer
Garrett Cochran (1876–1918), American football player and coach
Garrett Davis (1801–1872), U.S. Senator and Representative from Kentucky
Garrett Dickerson (born 1995), American football player
Garrett Dillon (1640–1696), Irish judge, politician and soldier
Garrett Droppers (1860–1927), American academic and diplomat
Garrett Eckbo (1910–2000), American landscape architect
Garrett Epps (born 1950), American legal scholar, novelist, and journalist
Garrett Festerling (born 1986), professional ice hockey forward
Garret FitzGerald (1926–2011), Taoiseach of Ireland from 1981 to 1982 and 1982 to 1987
Garrett Ford, Jr. (born 1970), American football running back
Garrett Ford, Sr. (born 1945), assistant athletics director at West Virginia University
Garrett Fort (1900–1945), American short story writer, playwright, and Hollywood screenwriter
Garrett Gardner, American singer and songwriter
Garrett Giemont (born 1959), strength and conditioning coach
Garrett Gilbert (born 1991), American football quarterback
Garrett Gilkey (born 1990), American football offensive guard
Garrett Glaser (born 1953), retired American news reporter
Garrett K. Gomez (born 1972), American thoroughbred jockey
Garrett Graff (born 1981), American editor-in-chief and instructor
Garrett Graham (born 1986), American football tight end
Garrett Grayson (born 1991), American football quarterback
Garrett Gruener, founder of Ask.com and a co-founder of Alta Partners
Garrett Hammond, American drummer
Garrett Hardin (1915–2003), American ecologist
Garrett Hartley (born 1986), American football placekicker
Garrett Heath (born 1985), American middle-distance and distance runner
Garrett Hedlund (born 1984), American actor
Garrett Hines (born 1969), American bobsledder
Garrett Hongo (born 1941), Yonsei, fourth-generation Japanese American academic and poet
Garrett Howard (1899–1995), Irish hurler
Garrett Jernigan, American physicist and astronomer
Garrett Johnson (born 1984), American shot putter
Garrett Jones (born 1981), American professional baseball outfielder and first baseman
Garrett Kelleher, non-executive director of Lightstream Pictures
Garrett Klugh (born 1974), American rower
Garrett Lerner, American television writer and producer
Garrett Lewis (1935–2013), American set decorator
Garrett Lindholm (born 1988), American football placekicker
Antony Garrett Lisi (born 1968), American theoretical physicist
Garrett List (1943–2019), American trombonist, vocalist, and composer
Garrett Love (born 1988), Republican member of the Kansas Senate
Garrett Lowney (born 1979), American Greco-Roman wrestler
Garrett Lucash (born 1978), American pair skater
Garrett Lynch (born 1977), Irish new media artist
Garrett MacKeen (born 1994), Canadian ice dancer
Garrett Mason (born 1985), American politician
Garrett Mattingly (1900–1962), professor of European history at Columbia University
Garrett McGhin (born 1995), American football player
Garrett McIntyre (born 1984), American football linebacker
Garrett McNamara (born 1967), American professional big wave surfer and extreme waterman
Garrett Miller (born 1977), American rower
Garrett Miller (politician) (1770–1840), Nova Scotia politician
Garrett Mills (born 1983), American football tight end
Garrett Mitchell (ice hockey) (born 1991), Canadian ice hockey forward
Garrett Mock (born 1983), American former professional baseball pitcher
Garrett Morgan (1877–1963), African-American inventor; created the safety hood smoke protection device and the traffic signal
Garrett Morris (born 1937), African-American comedian/actor and Saturday Night Live alumnus
Garrett Neff (born 1984), American model
Garrett Nussmeier (born 2002), American football player
Garrett Oliver (born 1962), American brewer and beer author
Garrett Olson (born 1983), American former professional baseball pitcher
Garrett Phelan (born 1965), artist from Dublin, Ireland
Garrett J. Pendergrast (1802–1862), officer in the US Navy; served at the beginning of the American Civil War
Garrett Raboin (born 1985), retired American professional ice hockey player
Garrett Reisman (born 1968), American astronaut
Garrett Reynolds (born 1987), American football guard and tackle
Garrett Richards (born 1988), American professional baseball pitcher
Garrett Richter (born 1950), Republican member of the Florida Senate
Garrett Rivas (born 1985), American former football kicker
Garrett Roe (born 1988), American professional ice hockey left winger
Garrett Scott (born 1991), American football offensive tackle
Garrett P. Serviss (1851–1929), American astronomer, popularizer of astronomy, and early science fiction writer
Garrett Sinnott (born 1987), Irish sportsperson
Garrett Smith (born 1967), former U.S. soccer defender
Garrett Stafford (born 1980), professional ice hockey defenceman
Garrett Stephenson (born 1972), retired Major League Baseball pitcher
Garrett Stubbs (born 1993), American baseball catcher
Garrett Swasey (1971–2015), American ice skater and slain police officer
Garrett Temple (born 1986), American professional basketball guard
Garrett Uhlenbrock (born 1964), punk rock musician and songwriter
Garrett Wang (born 1968), American actor
Garrett Weber-Gale (born 1985), American swimmer
Garrett Williams (born 2001), American football player
Garrett Willis (born 1973), American professional golfer
Garrett Wilson (born 2000), American football wide receiver
Garrett Wilson (ice hockey) (born 1991), Canadian professional ice hockey winger
Garrett L. Withers (1884–1953), Democrat, represented Kentucky
Garrett Wittels (born 1990), American baseball player
Garrett Wolfe (born 1984), American former football running back
Garrett Zuercher (born 1979), American deaf actor, director, and playwright
People with the surname
Abraham Ellison Garrett (1830–1907), American politician
Almeida Garrett (1799–1854), Portuguese poet, playwright, novelist, and politician
Alvin Garrett (born 1956), American football player
Amos Garrett (born 1941), American-Canadian musician and author
Andrew Garrett (explorer) (1823–1887), American explorer, naturalist, and illustrator
Andrew Garrett (linguist), American linguist
Augustus Garrett (1801–1848), mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1843 to 1844 and 1845 to 1846
Betty Garrett (1919–2011), American actress, comedian, singer, and dancer
Bill Garrett (basketball) (1929–1974), American basketball player, coach, and college administrator
Billy Garrett (1933–1999), American racing driver
Bobby Garrett (1932-1987), American football player
Brad Garrett (born 1960), American actor and comedian
Carl Garrett (born 1947), American football player
Charles Garrett (1901–1968), English cricketer and Royal Navy officer
Cliff Garrett (1908–1963), American founder of Garrett AiResearch
David Garrett (musician) (born 1980), German violinist
David Garrett (politician) (born 1958), New Zealand Member of Parliament
Denis Garrett (1906–1989), British mycologist and plant pathologist
Diante Garrett (born 1988), American basketball player for Ironi Ness Ziona of the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Dickie Garrett (1865–1908), Welsh rugby union player
Dorothy Garrett Smith (1932–1990), American politician
Dub Garrett (1925–1976), American football player
Dudley Garrett (1924–1944), Canadian ice hockey player
Edmund H. Garrett (1853–1929), American painter, illustrator, and author
Elizabeth Garrett (1963–2016), American academic administrator
Emma Garrett (c. 1846–1893), American educator and activist
Finis J. Garrett (1875–1956), American politician
Franklin Garrett (1906–2000), American historian
Garet Garrett (1878–1954), American journalist and author
Geoffrey Garrett, Australian political scientist, dean of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
Haskell Garrett (born 1998), American football player
Hubert Garrett (1885–1915), Australian-English cricketer, son of Tom Garrett
Jack Garrett (1914–1977), Irish politician
James P. Garrett (1922–2015), American attorney in Oklahoma, last served on the Oklahoma Court of Civil Appeals
Jason Garrett (born 1966), American football player and coach
Jesse James Garrett, American user experience designer
John W. Garrett (1820–1884), American businessman and philanthropist
Joseph Garrett (born 1990), known online as stampylonghead, British YouTube personality
Kenny Garrett (born 1960), American jazz saxophonist and flautist
Kevin Garrett (born 1980), American football player
Laurie Garrett (born 1951), American science journalist and author
Lee Garrett (born 1948), American singer-songwriter
Leif Garrett (born 1961), American musician and actor
Lesley Garrett (born 1955), English musician and broadcaster
Maureen Garrett (born 1948), American actress
Myles Garrett (born 1994), American football player
Neil Garrett (born 1975), British TV producer/director
Pat Garrett (1850–1908), American lawman who killed Billy the Kid
Patsy Garrett (1921–2015), American actress and singer
Peter Garrett (born 1953), Australian musician, environmentalist, and politician
R. M. Garrett (1807–1885), American politician
Randall Garrett (1927–1987), American author
Ray Garrett, Jr. (1920–1980), American lawyer
Raymond Garrett (1900–1994), Australian military officer
Richard Garrett (author) (1920–2008), English author
Richard Garrett (1755–1839), English manufacturer
Robert Garrett (1875–1961), American Olympic athlete
Scott Garrett (born 1959), American politician
Sean Garrett (born 1979), American singer-songwriter and producer
Siedah Garrett (born 1958), American singer-songwriter
Snuff Garrett (1938–2015), American record producer
Static Major, birth name of Stephen Garrett (1974–2008), American singer-songwriter and producer, member of the group Playa
Susie Garrett (1929–2002), African American actress and singer
Thomas Garrett (1789–1871), American abolitionist
Tom Garrett (1858–1943), Australian cricketer
Tommy Garrett (footballer) (1926–2006), English footballer
Tracy L. Garrett, American marine general
Umi Garrett (born 2000), American pianist
Wendell Garrett (1929–2012), Americana expert and historian
Fictional characters
Edna Garrett, a character on the TV series The Facts of Life and Diff'rent Strokes
Kelly Garrett (Charlie's Angels), a character on the 1976–81 TV series Charlie's Angels
Garrett, a character from the Twilight book and film series
The eponymous protagonist of Glen Cook's Garrett P.I. series of fantasy novels.
Garrett (character), from the Thief video game series
See also
Garratt (surname)
Jarrett (surname)
Garret (given name)
Garet (disambiguation)
References
English masculine given names
English-language surnames
Germanic masculine given names
The men's long jump event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 10 March in Rotterdam.
Results
References
Long jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Long
Prince Albert Morrow (December 19, 1846–January 1, 1913) was an American dermatologist, venereologist, social hygienist, and early campaigner for sex education.
Dr. Morrow founded the Society of Sanitary and Moral Prophylaxis, the first Social Hygiene association in the United States, in New York City in 1905. In 1910, this organization joined with various other Social Hygiene association across the country to create the American Federation for Sex Hygiene with Dr. Morrow as president. During the 1890s, he opposed plans for the annexation of Hawaii on grounds its population had high rate of leprosy.
Works (partial list)
Drug Eruptions: A Clinical Study on the Irritant Effects of Drugs upon the Skin (1887)
Atlas of Skin and Venereal Diseases (1889)
(ed.) A System of Genito-Urinary Diseases, Syphilology and Dermatology (1893)
Social Diseases and Marriage (1904)
See also
Social hygiene movement
Robert Latou Dickinson
Maurice Bigelow
External links
Biography
References
1846 births
1913 deaths
The elastic membrane analogy, also known as the soap-film analogy, was first published by pioneering aerodynamicist Ludwig Prandtl in 1903.
It describes the stress distribution on a long bar in torsion. The cross-section of the bar is constant along its length, and need not be circular. The differential equation that governs the stress distribution on the bar in torsion is of the same form as the equation governing the shape of a membrane under differential pressure. Therefore, in order to discover the stress distribution on the bar, all one has to do is cut the shape of the cross-section out of a piece of wood, cover it with a soap film, and apply a differential pressure across it. Then the slope of the soap film at any area of the cross-section is directly proportional to the stress in the bar at the same point on its cross-section.
Application to thin-walled, open cross-sections
While the membrane analogy allows the stress distribution on any cross-section to be determined experimentally, it also allows the stress distribution on thin-walled, open cross-sections to be determined by the same theoretical approach that describes the behavior of rectangular sections. Using the membrane analogy, any thin-walled cross-section can be "stretched out" into a rectangle without affecting the stress distribution under torsion. The maximum shear stress, therefore, occurs at the edge of the midpoint of the stretched cross-section, and is equal to , where T is the torque applied, b is the length of the stretched cross-section, and t is the thickness of the cross-section.
It can be shown that the differential equation for the deflection surface of a homogeneous membrane, subjected to uniform lateral pressure and with uniform surface tension and with the same outline as that of the cross-section of a bar under torsion, has the same form as that governing the stress distribution over the cross-section of a bar under torsion.
This analogy was originally proposed by Ludwig Prandtl in 1903.
Other applications
Prandtl's stretched-membrane concept was used extensively in the field of electron tube ("vacuum tube") design (1930's to 1960's) to model the trajectory of electrons within a device. The model is constructed by uniformly stretching a thin rubber sheet over a frame, and deforming the sheet upwards with physical models of electrodes, impressed into the sheet from below. The entire assembly is tilted, and steel balls (as electron analogs) rolled down the assembly and the trajectories noted. The curved surface surrounding the "electrodes" represents the complex increase in field strength as the electron-analog approaches the "electrode"; the upward distortion in the sheet is a close analogy to field strength.
References
. Especially Chapter XIV, articles 215 through 224. "This Dover edition, first published in 1944, is an unaltered and unabridged republication of the fourth (1927) edition."
Mechanics
Solid mechanics
Structural analysis
Analogy
Grant Briggs (March 16, 1865 – May 31, 1928) was a 19th-century Major League Baseball catcher and outfielder. He began his professional baseball career in the Eastern League in 1887 and was playing with the Syracuse Stars of the International Association in 1889 when the Stars decided to join the American Association for the 1890 season. He appeared in 86 games for the Starrs and also played for the Louisville Colonels in 1891 and St. Louis Browns in 1892. He played minor league ball again in 1893 and was out of baseball in 1894 before he returned to the Colonels for one more game in 1895.
External links
Baseball-Reference page
1865 births
1928 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball outfielders
Syracuse Stars (AA) players
Louisville Colonels players
St. Louis Browns (NL) players
Danbury Hatters players
Worcester Grays players
Syracuse Stars (minor league baseball) players
Reading Actives players
Binghamton Bingoes players
Oil City Oilers players
Twin Cities Twins players
Washington Little Senators players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Marinette (minor league baseball) players
Bystrets () is a rural locality () in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Dan Siegel may refer to:
Dan Siegel (musician), American musician
Dan Siegel (attorney), American lawyer
Daniel J. Siegel (born 1957), American physician
The Kennetcook River is a river that flows through Hants County, Nova Scotia. From headwaters near the mouth of the Shubenacadie River, the Kennetcook traverses about 45 kilometres of mostly rural terrain, discharging into the Avon River at Windsor. The Kennetcook cuts through fossiliferous limestone rocks for part of its length. A tidal river near its mouth, the Kennetcook experiences a tidal bore which may be seen at Scotch Village. It is a known salmon river popular with anglers.
The village of Kennetcook takes its name from the river, which is a Mi'kmaq word meaning "the place ahead". It was known to the Acadians as Quenetcou. A covered bridge over the river in Kennetcook was the last in Nova Scotia. It was replaced in 1967.
Nova Scotia Route 236 follows the river for much of the river's length, and the Dominion Atlantic Railway used to parallel the river on its northern side.
See also
List of rivers of Nova Scotia
References
External links
Location map
Tidal barrier fact sheet
Art Gallery
Landforms of Hants County, Nova Scotia
Rivers of Nova Scotia
Marianne Sághy (1961 – 2018) was a Hungarian expert on the religious and social culture of Late Antiquity, with an especial focus on the cult of saints and hagiography. She was associate professor at the Department of Medieval Studies, Central European University, and at the Department of Medieval and Early Modern Universal History, Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest.
Biography
Early life and education
Sághy was born in 1961. She attended the Szilágyi Erzsébet Secondary School, Budapest. She graduated from Eötvös Loránd University in 1985 with a degree in History and French. She received a French government scholarship (1984–85) to study at the Centre d'Études Supérieures de Civilisation Médiévale, Université de Poitiers. Her Master's thesis was entitled Pierre Dubois' Plan for the Recovery of the Holy Land in 1306. Between 1986 and 1987 she was a visiting scholar at the University of Oxford, receiving a stipend from the Soros Foundation. In 1989 she began her PhD at the University of Princeton. Her supervisors were Natalie Zemon Davis and Peter Brown. She was awarded her PhD in 1998 for a thesis entitled Patrons and Priests: The Roman Senatorial Aristocracy and the Church, AD 355-384.
Career
In 1993 she was a founding member of the Department of Medieval Studies at Central European University, where she was employed as a lecturer. From 1999 to 2003 she was the Academic Director of the Hungarian Cultural Institute, Paris, where she sought to promote French-Hungarian scientific and cultural relations. Sághy held the position of President of the Hungarian Hagiography Society. She sat on the editorial boards of such academic journals as the Annual of the Department of Medieval Studies and the Hungarian Historical Review.
Sághy has been described as 'a well-versed and fruitful author, a translator of important works and a writer of serious scholarship'. Her contribution to scholarship on late antique and medieval religion and hagiography through teaching, organising and presenting at international conferences, authoring and editing books and source editions, and publishing around 60 individual scholarly studies, was 'internationally recognised'.
Death
Sághy died on 21 September 2018 at the age of fifty-seven. Her last book, Saint Martin, Soldier of Christ, was published only a few weeks before her death. A Colloquium in her honour will be held at the Central European University in June 2019, entitled 'Dis/embodiment and Im/materiality: Uncovering the Body, Gender and Sexuality in Philosophies of Late Antiquity - In Memoriam Marianne Sagh (1961-2018). Speakers include Professor Susanna Elm.
The Hungarian Institute of Paris honores her in November 2019 with a presentation of a book published a few weeks after her death: an edition, French translation and presentation of the works of Pierre Dubois, De la reconquête de la Terre Sainte - De l'abrègement des guerres et procès du royaume des Francs, intro, éd. et trad. M. SAGHY, A. LEONAS et P.-A. FORCADET, Les Belles Lettres, Paris, 2019.
Publications
Monographs and edited volumes
(ed.) Women and Power in East Central Europe: Medieval and Modern (Idyllywild: Charles Schlacks, 1993)
Women and Power in East Central Europe: Medieval and Modern (Los Angeles: Ch. Schlacks, Centre for Multietnic and Transnational Studies, University of Southern California, 1996)
Versek és vértanúk: a római mártírkultusz Damasus pápa korában, 366-384 [Poems and martyrs: The Roman cult of martyrs at the time of Pope Damasus] (Budapest: Hungarus Paulus, 2003)
Isten barátai: Szent és szentéletrajz a késő antikvitásban [Friends of God: Saints and hagiography in the Late Antiquity] (Budapest : Kairosz, 2005)
Fifteen Years of Medieval Studies in Central Europe (Budapest: Central European University, 2009)
(ed. with Michele Renee Salzman and Rita Lizzi Testa) Pagans and Christians in Late Antique Rome: Conflict, Competition, and Coexistence in the Fourth Century (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2016)
(ed. with Edward M. Schoolman) Pagans and Christians in the Late Roman Empire: New Evidence, New Approaches (4th-8th centuries) (Budapest: Central European University, 2018)
Szent Márton, Krisztus katonája [Saint Martin, soldier of Christ] (Szombathely: Szülőföld Kiadó, 2018)
Pierre Dubois, De la reconquête de la Terre Sainte - De l'abrègement des guerres et procès du royaume des Francs, intro, éd. et trad. M. SAGHY, A. LEONAS et P.-A. FORCADET, Les Belles Lettres, Paris, 2019.
Translations
Translated from English to Hungarian:
Peter Brown, The Cult of the Saints; Augustine of Hippo: A Biography
Robert Markus, Saint Gregory the Great and his Age
Pierre Riché, Éducation et culture dans l'Occident barbare
Translated from Latin to French
Pierre Dubois, De la reconquête de la Terre Sainte - De l'abrègement des guerres et procès du royaume des Francs, intro, éd. et trad. M. SAGHY, A. LEONAS et P.-A. FORCADET, Les Belles Lettres, Paris, 2019.
Articles and book chapters
'Aspects of Female Rulership in Late Medieval Literature: the Queens' Reign in Angevin Hungary', East Central Europe, vol. 20, issue 1 (1993) 69-86
'Scinditur in partes populus: Pope Damasus and the Martyrs of Rome', Early Medieval Europe, vol. 9 no. 3 (2000) 273-87
'Pope Damasus and the Beginnings of Roman Hagiography', Promoting the Saints: Cults and their Contexts from Late Antiquity until the Early Modern Period: Essays in Honor of Gábor Klaniczay for His 60th Birthday, edited by Ottó Gecser, Jozsef Laszlovsky, Marcell Sebok, Katalin Szende, and Balazs Nagy (Budapest : Central European University Press, 2011) 1-17
'Veste Regia Indutus: Representations of the Emperor in the Vita Martini', IKON, vol. 5 (2012) 47-55
'Hungarians in Hell. The Visions of Laurentius de Tar', IKON (2013) 29-37
'Strangers to Patrons: Bishop Damasus and the Foreign Martyrs of Rome', The Hungarian Historical Review, vol. 5 no. 3 (2016) 465-86
References
External links
20th-century Hungarian historians
1961 births
2018 deaths
Women classical scholars
Eötvös Loránd University alumni
Princeton University alumni
Hungarian women historians
21st-century Hungarian historians
Central European University faculty
Elizabeth "Libby" Beaman (1844-1934), also known by her maiden name Elizabeth Gertrude DuBois, was the first non-Aleut woman to go to the Pribilof Islands off the coast of Alaska. She was a naturalist, artist, mapmaker, and writer. Her year spent in Alaska produced a diary in which she wrote about her experiences during seal season. Not much is known of Beaman's later life, but her contributions to documenting her time in Alaska has established her as a woman who overcame societal norms and expectations.
Early life
Born Elizabeth Gertrude DuBois in Great Bend, Pennsylvania in 1844, she was the eldest child of Nicholas and Louise DuBois. Her father was a civil engineer by training but a government official by career. For two years, Libby and her family lived at Mount Vernon while her father oversaw the restoration of George Washington's home. Her father worked under presidents James K. Polk, Zachary Taylor, and was well acquainted with Abraham Lincoln. She had a passion for art and attended the Corcoran School of Art. Beaman was given the opportunity to work for her father as a mapmaker, at a time when the United States' borders were expanding. Unbeknownst to Beaman, she would work on details of a map of the Alaska Purchase in which she would draw Saint Paul Island (Alaska) and St. George Island (Alaska), her future home for a year. As part of her introduction in her diary, Beaman described herself as a tall, slim woman with an eighteen inch waist, with pale skin, long dark hair, and blue-gray eyes.
Marriage and family
During the Civil War, Libby volunteered to be an attendant in the Confederate hospital in Hallowell, Maine. While there, she met prisoner John Warren Beaman (1845-1903). The two married in 1874, ten years after their first meeting. On November 26, 1880 Libby and John welcomed their son, Charles Worcester Beaman, in Washington, D.C.
Life in Alaska
In 1878, Beaman met with president Rutherford B. Hayes in Takoma Park, Maryland to ask him to provide a job for her husband. Beaman knew that this request was out of the ordinary for women, but he assigned her husband a two-year position as an assistant special agent for the Treasury Department. Her husband was to oversee the seal industry in the newly acquired Alaskan territory. President Hayes had explained to Beaman that the supervision of seal pelts was important as it provided a substantial income for the United States government. In 1879, Beaman and her husband went to San Francisco where they sailed to the largest of the Pribilof Islands, St Paul's Island.
Beaman kept detailed accounts of the life cycle, mating season, and hunting of seals. She chronicled the interactions of bulls, bachelors, and cows, making note of their docile character and remaining on the islands from May until August. She recognized that fur seals were unique to the Pribilof Islands and had been at risk for extinction when the Dutch, Portuguese, English, and French were overhunting male and female seals. Beaman never agreed with the hunting of seals for their pelts, yet she was acutely aware that the islands could not support the abundance of these mammals. While on St Paul's Island, Beaman met Henry Wood Elliott where he noted her ability to capture the nature of the island. Unknown as to why, Beaman's nature sketches and paintings are not all accessible to the public, yet her detailed botanical and zoological work described by her husband and included in her journal attest to her ability to connect with and capture the arctic wilderness. At the time, it was quite unusual for a woman to travel with her husband to a remote island, but Beaman's skills in art, nursing, and mapmaking justified her presence. Over the course of the year spent in Alaska, Beaman kept a diary, later published by her granddaughter Betty John titled Libby: The Alaskan Diaries and Letters of Libby Beaman, 1879-1880.
Historian and scholar depiction
Historians and scholars discuss Beaman as a woman who helped to establish a new social role for women in a masculine dominated landscape. The nineteenth century was a time when women were excluded from participating in nature and exploration of the wild American landscape, yet Beaman's boldness has identified her as woman who contributed to nature and the sciences, going against popular culture. Beaman's personal work allowed her the freedom to explore her own thoughts and ideas of how to establish and justify her presence on the island. Beaman's experience on the islands gave women, such as Anne Morrow Lindbergh and Josephine Diebitsch Peary, the opportunity to write a new narrative for themselves in which their personal work could help establish themselves as contributors to unknown and unmarked regions. The publishing of Elizabeth Beaman's diary has helped to encourage women to find their voice and add their unique history and contributions to the changing narrative of women.
Later life
Upon their return from Alaska, Beaman and her husband moved back to Washington D.C. Shortly after the birth of their son, the Beaman's moved to Jefferson City, Missouri until her husband, John, resigned as an engineer and returned to Washington D.C. in 1895. After the death of her husband in 1903, Libby moved to Cincinnati, Ohio to live with her son and his family.
She died on May 8, 1934 at the age of ninety.
References
1934 deaths
1844 births
American naturalists
American diarists
The thoracic spinal nerve 5 (T5) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 5 (T5).
References
Spinal nerves
Korchazhinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 45 as of 2002.
Geography
Korchazhinskaya is located 16 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shalimovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Imma hectaea is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are blackish with a moderate ochreous-yellow streak from the base below the middle of the disc to two-fifths and a slightly curved ochreous-yellow fascia from the middle of the costa, the broadest on the costa and at three-fourths, constricted above the middle, not quite reaching the dorsum at two-thirds. The hindwings are dark fuscous, with thinly scaled lighter elongate patches along the dorsum and in the anterior portion of the disc.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
David Vincent Taylor (born February 17, 1972) is an American politician of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 15th district.
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
References
External links
David Taylor at ballotpedia.org
1972 births
Living people
21st-century American politicians
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Ellensburg, Washington
People from Yakima County, Washington
Washington (state) Republicans
Imma homalotis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is 21–22 mm. The forewings are rather dark ochreous fuscous, anteriorly slightly purplish tinged. The hindwings are dark fuscous, somewhat lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
David Gross is a Canadian film producer who has served as a key member in the company No Trace Camping, and as president of David Gross Productions Inc., based in Ontario.
Gross is from Toronto, and graduated from the American Film Institute in 2007. With Jesse Shapira finding the book Goon: The True Story of an Unlikely Journey Into a Minor Hockey League and envisioning a film adaptation, Shapira, Gross and No Trace Camping partners co-produced the 2011 film Goon. David Gross Productions Inc. later co-produced The F Word (2013) and Room (2015). Gross advocated for keeping the title The F Word for its Canadian release, although the Motion Picture Association of America found issues with it.
With Room, Gross persuaded his Irish co-producers to shoot in Canada rather than the United States, saying they could have a longer schedule and more money in Canada. He accepted the Canadian Screen Award for Best Motion Picture for Room in 2016.
References
External links
AFI Conservatory alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian film producers
Canadian Screen Award winners
Living people
People from Toronto
The 2019 International Championship was a professional snooker tournament that took place from 4 to 11 August 2019 at the Baihu Media Broadcasting Centre in Daqing, China. It was the second ranking event of the 2019/2020 season and the eighth iteration of the International Championship first held in 2012.
Northern Irish cueist Mark Allen was the defending champion, after defeating Australian Neil Robertson in the previous year's final. Allen, however, lost 9–6 to England's Shaun Murphy in the semi-finals. Reigning world champion Judd Trump won the event and his 12th ranking championship with a 10–3 win over Murphy in the final. In winning the event, Trump returned to the world number one position, that he had last held in 2013.
Trump and Allen tied for the highest during the televised stages, both scoring 141, with Trump also making 12 throughout the tournament. Qualifying for the event took place 14–17 June 2019 in Ponds Forge International Sports Centre in Sheffield, England. Tom Ford made the highest break of qualifying, with a maximum break, the fourth of his career, in his 6–1 win in qualifying over Fraser Patrick.
Tournament format
The event was the eighth iteration of the International Championship, having been first held in 2012. The event took place from 4–11 August 2019 at the Baihu Media Broadcasting Centre in Daqing, China. The event was the second ranking tournament of the 2019/20 snooker season after the 2019 Riga Masters won by Yan Bingtao.
Qualifying for the event was held from 14 to 17 June 2019 at the Ponds Forge International Sports Centre in Sheffield, England, featuring one first round match. Matches were played as best-of-11- until the semi-finals, which were played as best-of-17-frames, whilst the final was played as a best-of-19-frames.
Prize fund
The championship total fund was higher than that of the previous year's event, with a total of £802,000 (up from £775,000). The winner of the event received the same prize money as in previous years, at £175,000. The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:
Winner: £175,000
Runner-up: £75,000
Semi-final: £32,000
Quarter-final: £21,500
Last 16: £13,500
Last 32: £8,500
Last 64: £4,750
Highest break: £6,000
Total: £802,000
Tournament summary
The championship began on 4 August 2019, with the first round alongside heldover qualifier matches. Two matches in the heldover qualifier rounds were decided on a deciding frame. Ding Junhui defeated Simon Lichtenberg despite being 5–3 behind, whilst four-time world champion John Higgins defeated amateur under 21 world champion Wu Yize despite being 4–3 behind to the 15 year old. Judd Trump in his first tournament after winning the 2019 World Snooker Championship scored three in his qualifier to defeat Jordan Brown 6–1.
Early rounds (first round–quarter-finals)
Two top-16 ranked players were defeated in first round; Mark Williams lost to Jak Jones and Barry Hawkins to Daniel Wells both 6–2. Ding Junhui defeated three fellow Chinese players in the first three rounds, overcoming Zhao Xintong, Xiao Guodong and Liang Wenbo to reach the quarter-finals. Defending champion Mark Allen conceded just four frames to draw Ding, having defeated Sam Craigie, Mark Davis (both 6–1) and Ali Carter (6–2). Allen defeated Ding 6–3 to reach the semi-finals. As the sole remaining Chinese player in the competition, some Chinese viewers were reported to have stopped watching the event.
Graeme Dott qualified to play Shaun Murphy in the second quarter-final. Dott defeated Michael White before defeating two world champions in Stuart Bingham and John Higgins to reach the quarter-final. Murphy, who had reached only the Scottish Open final in the previous season defeated Yuan Sijun 6–5 and Riga Masters champion Yan Bingtao 6–4 before drawing a rematch of the second round match at the 2019 World Championships against Neil Robertson. Murphy defeated Robertson on a deciding frame 6–5. Murphy defeated Dott 6–4 to draw Allen in the semi-final.
Three-time world champion Mark Selby reached the second semi-final, after defeating Liam Highfield and Ben Woollaston (both 6–3), before playing World Championship semi-finalists David Gilbert and Gary Wilson, defeating both on a deciding frame 6–5. World champion Judd Trump reached the semi-finals defeating Zhang Anda, Scott Donaldson, Joe Perry and Tom Ford.
Semi-final–final
The first semi-final took place on 9 August 2019, between Selby and Trump. In reaching the semi-finals, Trump was guaranteed to return to world number one after the tournament for the first time since 2013. Selby won three of the first four frames to lead 3–1. However, Trump won the next four frames to lead 5–3 after the first session with breaks of 97, 108, 97 and 116. In the second session, Trump won the first three frames to lead 8–3 including two more 90+ breaks. Selby took frame 12 before Trump won the match in frame 13 with a break of 72. After the match, Trump commented "It was probably somewhere near how I was playing to win the World Championship," describing his form within the match.
The second semi-final was a rematch of the 2019 Scottish Masters final between Murphy and Allen. Murphy won the first five frames of the match, with Allen not scoring a single point until frame four. Allen fought back to trail 3–6 after the first session. Murphy won the first frame of the second session, before Allen won the next two. Murphy won frame 13 to need just one more frame for victory. Allen won the next two frames to push the match into the interval. Murphy however won frame 15 to win the match 9–6 with a break of 66.
The final was played as a best-of-19-frames match held over two sessions on 11 August 2019, refereed by Lyu Xilin. Trump won the first five frames of the match making a century break in frame three. Murphy, however won three of the remaining four frames of the session to trail 3–6. On the resume of the match, Trump dominated the remaining frames, winning the next four frames to win the match 10–3, completing eight half-centuries in the match. The victory was Trump's twelfth ranking event title, twelfth match unbeaten in a row, and had scored twelve centuries during the event.
The win was the first time a reigning world champion won the first championship in which they had competed in after the event, since Ronnie O'Sullivan in 2008. In losing the event, Murphy commented that he was "disappointed" and that had not played well: "Judd swamped me, that was how it felt."
Main draw
Players in bold denote match winners.
Final
Qualifying
Matches were played between 14 and 17 June 2019 at the Ponds Forge International Sports Centre in Sheffield, England. Matches involving Mark Allen, Sam Craigie, Ding Junhui, John Higgins, Yan Bingtao, Sunny Akani, Anthony McGill and Judd Trump, were played in Daqing. All matches were the best-of-11-frames.
Century breaks
Televised stage centuries
A total of 63 century breaks were made during the televised stages of the tournament. Judd Trump and Mark Allen shared the highest break of the tournament, with both players making a break of 141. In addition, Trump made a total of 12 centuries, eight more than any other player. Four Centuries were made in held over matches, Three by Trump and one by Sam Craigie.
141, 131, 116, 113, 111, 108, 102, 104, 102, 101, 100, 100 Judd Trump
141, 119, 117, 101 Mark Allen
137 Ali Carter
136 Joe Perry
133 Stephen Maguire
132, 126, 100 Gary Wilson
132 Xiao Guodong
131, 126, 104, 101 Ding Junhui
131 Tom Ford
128, 108 Louis Heathcote
127, 103 Mark Selby
124, 104 Sam Craigie
123, 105 Stuart Bingham
121 Jimmy Robertson
120, 105 Liang Wenbo
119, 103, 102, 100 Neil Robertson
118 Jak Joneses
116 Daniel Wells
115, 103 Scott Donaldson
115 Yuan Sijun
111, 102 Luca Brecel
110 Elliot Slessor
109, 102, 101 David Gilbert
107, 104 Kurt Maflin
106, 103 Shaun Murphy
105 Yan Bingtao
102 Zhou Yuelong
100 Kyren Wilson
100 Liam Highfield
100 Mark Joyce
Qualifying stage centuries
A total of 42 century breaks were made during the qualifying tournament preceding the event, including a maximum break from Tom Ford.
147 Tom Ford
139, 100 Luo Honghao
137, 116 Joe Perry
135 Scott Donaldson
134, 103 Liam Highfield
134, 124 Mark Selby
133 Stuart Bingham
132, 126 Lyu Haotian
129, 108 Stephen Maguire
127, 115, 112 Neil Robertson
126, 112 Noppon Saengkham
123, 104 Michael Holt
120 Graeme Dott
118, 102 Ali Carter
118 Bai Langning
115 Ashley Carty
115 Tian Pengfei
115 Xiao Guodong
111 Chang Bingyu
111 Gary Wilson
111 Ryan Day
108 Eden Sharav
108 Yuan Sijun
107 Brandon Sargeant
107 Liang Wenbo
106 Kurt Maflin
105 Anthony Hamilton
103 Louis Heathcote
101 Jamie Clarke
101 Mei Xiwen
100 Hossein Vafaei
References
2019
2019 in snooker
2019 in Chinese sport
Sport in Daqing
August 2019 sports events in China
The Queen Avenue Bridge is a reinforced concrete single-span barrel arch bridge in Minneapolis that spans the tracks used by the Minnesota Streetcar Museum. The bridge was built in 1905 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Much of the significance of the bridge is due to it being the third-oldest reinforced concrete arch bridge in Minnesota. It also retains most of the integrity of the design from its original plans.
It was evaluated in 1989 as part of the Reinforced-Concrete Highway Bridges in Minnesota MPS, and then listed on the National Register that year.
References
Bridges completed in 1905
Bridges in Minneapolis
Concrete bridges in Minnesota
Deck arch bridges in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Minneapolis
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
1905 establishments in Minnesota
George Goldsmith (7 August 1850 – 5 April 1916) was an English cricketer. Goldsmith was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast. He was born at Brighton in Sussex and played first-class cricket for both Kent County Cricket Club and Sussex County Cricket Club.
Goldsmith made a single first-class appearance for Kent against Derbyshire in 1875 at Catford. He went on to play two first-class matches for Sussex, one in 1878 and one in 1879. Goldsmith later served as the secretary of Sussex County Cricket Club. He died at Hanwell in Middlesex in April 1916 aged 65.
References
External links
1850 births
1916 deaths
Sportspeople from Brighton
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
Sussex cricketers
English cricket administrators
19th-century British businesspeople
Snow Valley may refer to:
Snow Valley Ski Club, a ski resort in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
Ski Snow Valley, a ski resort in Barrie, Ontario, Canada
Snow Valley Mountain Resort, a ski resort in Running Springs, California, United States
Loren Gerard Woods (born 21 June 1978) is an American former professional basketball player. He previously played five seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
High school and college career
Born in St. Louis, Missouri, Woods attended high school at Cardinal Ritter College Prep. He started his college career at Wake Forest University, where he was supposed to take over the center position once Tim Duncan left. However, he transferred to the University of Arizona.
Professional career
Woods was selected by the Minnesota Timberwolves in the second round of the 2001 NBA Draft. After leaving the Timberwolves, Woods played for the Miami Heat and the Toronto Raptors, where he appeared in 45 games during the 2004–05 season and posted a career best 3.9 points per game. On 15 August 2006, he signed with the Sacramento Kings as a backup center, but he was waived before the season began.
Woods joined the Lithuanian giants Žalgiris Kaunas in 2007. In June 2007, he joined the Turkish side Efes Pilsen. He signed two 10-day contracts with the Houston Rockets on 21 March and 1 April 2008. He was then waived by the Rockets on 14 July 2008. he signed again with Žalgiris Kaunas on 16 July. His tenure with the Rockets ended up being his last time in the NBA, as his final game was Game 1 of the 2008 Western Conference First Round against the Utah Jazz on a April 19, 2008. In his final game, Woods played for only one minute but was able to record 2 points and 1 rebound. Houston would go on to lose the series to Utah in 6 games.
Woods joined CAI Zaragoza in 2009.
In October 2010 he signed with Al Riyadi Beirut in Lebanon, where he averaged 14.3 points and 14.3 rebounds. In 2012, he signed with Al Riyadi Beirut again. On 20 December 2014 he was released by Al Riyadi Beirut.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" | 2001–02
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 60 || 0 || 8.6 || .344 || .000 || .733 || 2.0 || .4 || .3 || .6 || 1.8
|-
| align="left" | 2002–03
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 38 || 11 || 9.3 || .382 || .333 || .778 || 2.5 || .5 || .3 || .3 || 2.1
|-
| align="left" | 2003–04
| align="left" | Miami
| 38 || 2 || 13.3 || .458 || .000 || .600 || 3.5 || .3 || .3 || .5 || 3.2
|-
| align="left" | 2004–05
| align="left" | Toronto
| 45 || 30 || 15.8 || .433 || .000 || .576 || 4.9 || .4 || .2 || .9 || 3.9
|-
| align="left" | 2005–06
| align="left" | Toronto
| 27 || 4 || 12.0 || .475 || .000 || .429 || 4.1 || .1 || .3 || .9 || 2.3
|-
| align="left" | 2007–08
| align="left" | Houston
| 7 || 0 || 2.4 || .600 || .000 || .000 || .1 || .3 || .0 || .0 || .9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 215 || 47 || 11.3 || .419 || .143 || .642 || 3.2 || .3 || .3 || .6 || 2.6
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2003
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 2 || 0 || 1.0 || .333 || .000 || .000 || .5 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.0
|-
| align="left" | 2004
| align="left" | Miami
| 1 || 0 || 2.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|-
| align="left" | 2008
| align="left" | Houston
| 1 || 0 || 1.0 || 1.000 || .000 || .000 || 1.0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 2.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 4 || 0 || 1.3 || .500 || .000 || .000 || .5 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.0
Euroleague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2007–08
| style="text-align:left;"| Efes Pilsen
| 16 || 11 || 21.1 || .590 || .000 || .766 || 6.5 || .9 || .8 || 1.4 || 8.0 || 13.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2008–09
| style="text-align:left;"| Žalgiris
| 8 || 8 || 31.2 || .569 || .000 || .711 || 9.0 || 1.5 || 1.4 || 2.4 || 12.3 || 20.3
National team career
In July 2013, Woods became a naturalized Lebanese citizen, and a member of their national basketball team.
After the 2013 suspension in which Lebanon were unable to compete FIBA competitions, he was once again called by 2015 head coach Veselin Matić as a solution to the 5 position for the coming 2015 FIBA Asia Championship in September.
See also
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball players with 13 or more blocks in a game
References
External links
NBA.com Page
ESPN.com Page
Euroleague.net Profile
Basketpedya.com Profile
1978 births
Living people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
Al Riyadi Club Beirut basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Iran
American expatriate basketball people in Lebanon
American expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
Arizona Wildcats men's basketball players
Austin Toros players
Basketball players from St. Louis
Basket Zaragoza players
BC Žalgiris players
Centers (basketball)
Charlotte Bobcats expansion draft picks
Houston Rockets players
Lebanese men's basketball players
Liga ACB players
Mahram Tehran BC players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Medalists at the 1997 Summer Universiade
Miami Heat players
Minnesota Timberwolves draft picks
Minnesota Timberwolves players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Toronto Raptors players
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in basketball
Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball players
Zob Ahan Isfahan BC players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Sultana Levy Rosenblatt (July 1910 in Belém, Brazil – March 28, 2007 in McLean, Virginia, USA) was a Jewish Brazilian writer of Moroccan-Brazilian heritage, knowledgeable in Haketia. She had lived in the Brazilian Amazon basin. Her works include, Chavito Prieto, Barracão, and As Virgens de Ipujucama. Later in her life, she published several pieces in the Revista Morashá; mostly on Jewish topics for children, such as "Antônio José, o Judeu", "Como Viemos Parar na Amazônia", "As Aventuras de Jonas", "As Aventuras de Daniel e Seus Amigos", "David e Golias", "Yom Kipur lá em Casa, em Belém", "Mulheres na História", "O Rei Sábio", and "O segredo de Sansão".
References
1910 births
2007 deaths
Brazilian women writers
Brazilian writers
Jewish Brazilian writers
Jewish women writers
Brazilian emigrants to the United States
Botanical gardens in Indonesia have collections consisting entirely of Indonesian native and endemic species; most have a collection that include plants from around the world. There are botanical gardens and arboreta in all states and territories of Indonesia, most are administered by local governments, some are privately owned.
Indonesian Institute of Science
Bogor Botanical Gardens, Bogor, West Java
Cibodas Botanical Garden, Cianjur, West Java
Purwodadi Botanical Garden, Pasuruan, East Java
Bali Botanic Garden, Bedugul, Bali
All 4 of the above Botanic Gardens are under Indonesian Institute of Science.
Public
The rest of the botanical gardens are under Regency/City administrations. Indonesia plans to have a total of 45 Botanical Gardens.
Ecopark (Cibinong Science Center-Botanical Garden), Bogor, West Java – extension of Bogor Botanical Garden.
Kuningan Botanical Gardens, Kuningan Regency, West Java
Baturaden Botanical Gardens, Banyumas Regency, Central Java
Sukorambi Botanical Garden, Jember, East Java
Samosir Botanical Gardens, Samosir Regency, North Sumatra
South Sumatra Botanical Gardens, Palembang, South Sumatra (Under development)
Solok Botanical Gardens, Solok Regency, West Sumatra
Jambi Botanical Gardens, Batang Hari Regency, Jambi (Under development)
Liwa Botanical Gardens, West Lampung Regency, Lampung
Unmul Samarinda Botanical Gardens, Samarinda, East Kalimantan
Danau Lait Botanical Gardens, Sanggau Regency, West Kalimantan (Under development)
Katingan Botanical Gardens, Katingan Regency, Central Kalimantan
Balikpapan Botanical Gardens, Balikpapan, East Kalimantan
Banua Botanical Gardens, Banjarbaru, South Kalimantan (Under development)
Massenrempulu Enkerang Botanical Gardens, Enrekang Regency, South Sulawesi
Gardenia Botanical Gardens, Minahasa Regency, North Sulawesi (Under development)
Pucak Botanical Gardens, Maros Regency, South Sulawesi
Parepare Botanical Gardens, Parepare, South Sulawesi (Under development)
Lombok Botanical Gardens, Lombok, West Nusa Tenggara
Kendari Botanical Garden, Kendari, Southeast Sulawesi
References
Indonesia
Botanical gardens
Sigurður Gunnar Þorsteinsson (born 8 July 1988) is an Icelandic professional basketball player who plays for Úrvalsdeild karla club Tindastóll and the Icelandic national basketball team. Nicknamed Ísafjarðartröllið (English: The Ísafjördur Troll), he has won the Icelandic championship three times, in 2008, 2012 and 2013. Outside of Iceland, Sigurður has played professionally in Greece and Sweden.
Early life
Sigurður was born and raised in Ísafjörður in the Westfjords of Iceland. He played youth basketball with KFÍ before playing for the senior team, first with its B-team in the 2. deild karla and later with the main squad in the top-tier Úrvalsdeild karla.
Professional career
In September 2015, Sigurður signed with the Greek 2nd Division team Machites Doxas Pefkon, where he averaged 11.9 points and 7.9 rebounds per game.
In August 2016, Sigurður signed with the Greek 2nd Division team A.E.L. 1964.
Sigurður rejoined Grindavík in August 2017. For the season he averaged 12.8 points and 8.8 rebounds. In July 2018 he left the club.
On 17 August 2018, Sigurður signed with ÍR. On 1 April 2019, he scored 16 points in ÍR's victory in game 5 of its first-round playoff series against second seeded Njarðvík. With the victory, ÍR became the third team in the Úrvalsdeild history to come back from a 0-2 deficit and win a best-of-five series. After helping ÍR reach the Úrvalsdeild finals, where it lost to KR, Sigurður was named to the Úrvalsdeild Domestic All-First Team.
In June 2019, Sigurður signed with BC Orchies of the NM1. Two days before the first game of the season, the French Basketball Federation declared that the Orchies did not fulfill their required financial obligations and as a result Sigurður was released from his contract.
On 23 October 2019, Sigurður returned to ÍR, signing a two year contract. Only 9 minutes into his first game back, he suffered a season ending injury after tearing a cruciate ligament in his knee. After the season, ÍR terminated the contract with Sigurður, leaving him a free agent. In August 2020, Sigurður sued ÍR for missing salary payments and claimed the team owed him over 2 million ISK. ÍR had stopped paying Sigurður his salary after the injury, claiming he was not fulfilling his end of the contract. On 17 November 2020, the District Court of Reykjavík ruled that ÍR owed Sigurður two million ISK in back pays plus penalties.
On 10 June 2020, Sigurður signed with Úrvalsdeild club Höttur. In 22 games, he averaged 12.6 points and 8.0 rebounds per game. Despite his performance, Höttur was relegated after a loss in the last game of the regular season.
On 31 May 2021, Sigurður signed with Tindastóll. On 11 November 2021 he became the 11th player to grab 2,000 career rebounds in the Úrvalsdeild. On 30 April, he had 20 points and 9 rebounds in Tindastóll's game four series deciding victory against Njarðvík in the semi-finals of the Úrvalsdeild playoffs. With the victory, he became the first player to advance to the finals with four different teams. On 9 May, he became the Úrvalsdeild finals all-time leader in blocked shots, breaking Friðrik Erlendur Stefánsson's record of 150 blocks.
Icelandic national team
Between 2007 and 2019, Sigurður has played 58 games for the Icelandic men's national team. He did not make the 12-man roster for the FIBA Eurobasket in 2015 and 2017. In May 2019, he was called up to the national team for the first time since July 2017, ahead of the Games of the Small States of Europe.
Awards and honours
Club
3x Icelandic League champion (2008, 2012, 2013)
4× Icelandic Super Cup winner (2008, 2011-2013)
Icelandic Basketball Cup winner (2014)
2x Company Cup winner (2006, 2011)
Individual
6x Úrvalsdeild Domestic All-First Team (2009, 2011–2013, 2019, 2021)
Úrvalsdeild Young Player of the Year (2008)
2x Úrvalsdeild blocks leader (2010, 2019)
Greek A2 Basket League blocks leader (2017)
Icelandic Cup MVP (2014)
References
External links
Profile at FIBA Profile (Game Center)
Eurobasket.com Profile
1988 births
Living people
Centers (basketball)
Gymnastikos S. Larissas B.C. players
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Machites Doxas Pefkon B.C. players
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Solna Vikings players
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Sigurdur Thorsteinsson
Irénée Hausherr (7 June 1881, Eguisheim – 5 December 1978, Colmar) was a Jesuit of Alsatian origin and specialist in Greek patristic and monastic spirituality. Ordained priest in 1923 after studies in the Netherlands, he became a professor at the Pontifical Oriental Institute in Rome, where he is claimed to have pioneered the study of the spirituality of the Christian East at an academic level. In this he was seconded by the future Cardinal Tomas Spidlik. Several of his works take their title from key terms of Desert spirituality, e.g., penthos; and philautia (philautie). He published mainly for the Pontifical Oriental Institute, also in Analecta Bollandiana, and Cistercian Publications, Kalamazoo. He was a specialist in Hesychasm.
Bibliography
Penthos. La doctrine de la componction dans l' Orient Chrétien, 1944.
Philautie: De la tendresse pour soi à la charité selon Saint Maxime le Confesseur, [Orientalia Christiana Analecta 137] Rome,1952
Spiritual Direction in the Early Christian East, Kalamazoo, 1990.
Further details of his many publications are to be found on the French and German Wikipedias.
1881 births
1978 deaths
20th-century German Jesuits
Pontifical Oriental Institute faculty
Educational Administration Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of education. The editor-in-chief is Gerardo R. López (Michigan State University). It was established in 1965 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the University Council for Educational Administration.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.851, ranking it 67th out of 238 journals in the category "Education & Educational Research".
References
External links
University Council for Educational Administration
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1964
Education journals
5 times per year journals
First Lieutenant César Luis González (June 10, 1919 – November 22, 1943) was an officer in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Gonzalez was the first Puerto Rican pilot in the United States Army Air Forces, one of the first to participate in the July 1943 invasion of Sicily, and the first Puerto Rican pilot to die in World War II. His name is listed on the "Roll of Honor" of the 314th Troop Carrier Group World War II and his hometown Adjuntas and the capital of Puerto Rico, San Juan, have honored his memory by naming a street after him.
Early years
González (birth name: César Luis González Cardona ) was born to Felix Gonzalez and Augusta Cardona in the town of Adjuntas which is located in the mid-western section of Puerto Rico. He was one of five siblings who were raised in the family farm. González received his primary and secondary education at Escuela Secundaria Armstrong and Ponce High School in the town of Ponce.
His uncle wanted him to study engineering at the University of Puerto Rico in Mayagüez, however he decided that he would prefer to become an aviator. González saved the money which he earned while working with his uncle with the intention of going to an aviation school in California.
González made use of the Civilian Pilot Training Program, a federal program which came about with the approval of the Civil Aeronautics Act of 1938. The CPTP used the classrooms of the California Flyers School of Aviation at Inglewood, California, which was supported by government funds and which provided a pool of young civilian pilots who could be available for military service if war came. Executive Order 8974, which was signed on December 12, 1941, transferred the CPTP into a wartime program under the War Training Service (WTS). All WTS graduates were then required to sign a contract agreeing to enter the military following graduation.
World War II
Upon the outbreak of World War II, González joined the United States Army and was assigned to the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF), a component of the United States Army, at Albuquerque, New Mexico, where he received advanced aviator training. The USAAF was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II. After completing his training he was commissioned a Second Lieutenant and assigned to the 12th Air Force / 52nd Troop Carrier Wing / 314 Troop Transport Group / 32nd Squadron.
The 12th Air Force was established in the United States during World War II to be the Army Air Forces air component of Operation Torch. In 1942, the 12th Air Force initially moved to England for training. In November 1942, it was transferred to Tunisia under the command of Lieutenant General Carl Spaatz. The 314th Transport Group was activated on March 2, 1942 and renamed 314th Troop Carrier Group in July 1942. The 314th used C-47's and C-53's in preparing for duty overseas and was moved to French Morocco of the Mediterranean theater in May 1943 and assigned to the 12th Air Force. Operating in Tunisia, the 32nd TCS successfully flew its first airborne assault on Sicily.
González was one of the initial participants of the invasion of Sicily on July 10, 1943 also known as Operation Husky. He was the co-pilot of a C-53D Skytrain, a.k.a. Dakota, of which Captain Richard B. Ott was the pilot. The C-53D is a variant of the C-47 with the difference that it had a 24 Volt DC electrical system. During the invasion of Sicily, he flew on two night missions, the first on July 9, where his mission was to release paratroops of 82nd Airborne Division on the area of Gela and the second on July 11, when he dropped reinforcements in the area . His unit was awarded a "DUC" for carrying out this second mission in spite of bad weather and heavy attack by enemy ground and naval forces. A "DUC" award is a "Distinguished Unit Citation" or Badge, which now called the Presidential Unit Citation (PUC). The Presidential Unit Citation is awarded to units of the Armed Forces of the United States and allies for extraordinary heroism in action against an armed enemy. Several advanced landing airfields were built by United States Army engineers in the area around the city of Gela which was used by the 12th Air Force during the Italian Campaign.
Death and legacy
On November 22, 1943, 2nd Lt. González's plane crashed during training off the end of the runway at Castelvetrano. Capt. Ott and the Crew Chief perished along with González. González was survived by his parents (both now deceased), his brothers Felix Augusto and Hernan González (both now deceased) and his sisters Luz Virginia and Nilda González. González was posthumously promoted to First Lieutenant and on March 18, 1949, his body was interred with full military honors in the Puerto Rico National Cemetery, Section: A; Row: 0, Site: 175; in Bayamón, Puerto Rico.
González's name is listed on the "Roll of Honor" of the 314th Troop Carrier Group World War II; 32nd, 50th, 61st, and 62nd Squadrons. His name is also inscribed on Panel 5; Line 12 in Puerto Rico's "Monumento de la Recordacion", a monument dedicated to the Puerto Ricans who have fallen in combat, which is located in front of the Capital Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Both his hometown and the Capital of Puerto Rico, San Juan, honored his memory by naming a street after him. Adjuntas named the street "Calle Cesar González" and San Juan "Teniente Cesar González's Ave."
Awards and decorations
Among González's awards and decorations were the following:
Awards:
Badges:
WW II Army Air Force Pilot Badge
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
List of Puerto Rican military personnel
Military history of Puerto Rico
Puerto Ricans in World War II
Hispanics in the United States Air Force
Notes
Further reading
"Puertorriquenos Who Served With Guts, Glory, and Honor. Fighting to Defend a Nation Not Completely Their Own"; by : Greg Boudonck; ;
References
1919 births
1943 deaths
People from Adjuntas, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican United States Air Force personnel
Puerto Rican military officers
Puerto Rican people of Catalan descent
Recipients of the Air Medal
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
United States Army Air Forces officers
United States Army Air Forces personnel killed in World War II
Maharashtra National Law University Mumbai (MNLU Mumbai) is a National Law University located at Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, and is one of most prestigious law schools in India.
MNLU Mumbai offers a five-year integrated B.A LL.B.(Hons.) programme and LL.M. Programmes. Students have to qualify for CLAT to secure admission to UG or PG. Admissions are through Common Law Admission Test only. There 100 seats filled up by CLAT and 20 supernumerary seats are reserved for Foreign National/ NRI/ NRI Sponsored. Two supernumerary seats are reserved for Permanent Residents of Jammu and Kashmir.
Chief Justice of India is the Chancellor of the university and Bhavani Prasad Panda was the founder Vice Chancellor (VC) of the university. Prof.(Dr.) Dilip Ukey is the VC.
Students have performed well in various fields like: Literary and Debating Competitions, Cultural Competitions, Moot Court Competitions, Alternate Dispute Resolution Competitions.
MNLU Mumbai has entered into MoUs with various institutions of international repute including L'Universite'
Paris Nanterre and Berlin School of Economics and Law (BSEL), Germany, thereby facilitating regular
student exchange programmes with these prestigious Universities.
For the first two years MNLU Mumbai shared its campus with Tata Institute of Social Sciences. In 2017 it shifted its campus to the Centre for Excellence in Telecom Technology and Management at Hiranandani Gardens, Powai, Mumbai. Permanent campus is set up at Gorai near Maharashtra Judicial Academy which will be of approx 60 Acres.
The university also runs various extra credit and
certificate courses such as Mediation, Data Protection Law and foreign languages such as German and Spanish
on regular basis.
MNLU Mumbai is steered by distinguished judges, senior advocates, seasoned bureaucrats and eminent academicians as members of its governing bodies. Adhering to the motto: Dharme Tatparta, the university is
committed to championing the cause of social justice. It practices 'Zero Tolerance' towards any discrimination
based on sex, race, creed, class, caste, place of birth, religious belief or professional or political or other
opinion.
With an aim of achieving excellence in research, the university in short span of time, has already established
following research centres:
Centre for Clinical Legal Education (CCLE)
Centre for Maritime Law and Research (CML&R)
Centre for Research in Criminal Justice (CRCJ)
Centre for Information and Communication Technology and Law (CICTL)
Centre for Goods and Services Tax and Training (CGSTT)
Centre for Mediation & Research
Due to its present location students have the variety of internship opportunities as various civil and criminal courts and Principal Bench of Bombay High Court is within the city.
Various keynote speakers here are distinguished Jurists, Judges of various High Courts, Advocates, IAS officers, businessmen, law firm attorneys and key politicians.
References
External links
Official website
Law schools in Maharashtra
National Law Universities
Universities in Mumbai
Educational institutions established in 2014
2014 establishments in Maharashtra
The 1919 Giro di Lombardia was the 15th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 2 November 1919. The race started and finished in Milan. The race was won by Costante Girardengo.
General classification
References
1919
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Basle is an alternative name for Basel, Switzerland's third most populous city.
Basle may also refer to:
Basle, 1969, a 1996 jazz album
People with the surname
Charles Basle (1885–1962), French racecar driver
See also
Basel III
Basel (disambiguation)
Kwon Jung-dong (; 10 September 1932 – 26 November 2021) was a South Korean politician. A member of the Democratic Justice Party, he served as Minister of Labor from 1980 to 1982 and in the National Assembly from 1985 to 1988.
References
1932 births
2021 deaths
Government ministers of South Korea
Members of the National Assembly (South Korea)
Democratic Justice Party politicians
Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Müller (; 13 February 1813 in Clausthal – 1894 in Göttingen) is best known for his still-useful Didot editions of fragmentary Greek authors, especially the monumental five-volume Fragmenta Historicorum Graecorum (FHG) (1841–1870), which is not yet completely superseded by the series Die Fragmente der griechischen Historiker begun by Felix Jacoby.
Works
De Aeschyli Septem Contra Thebas, Diss. Göttingen (1836): online
Fragmenta Historicorum Graecorum (1841–1870): vols. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
Arriani Anabasis et Indica. Scriptores rerum Alexandri Magni (fragmenta). Pseudo-Callisthenes (1846): online
Oratores Attici (1847–1858): vols. 1–2
Strabonis Geographica (1853): online
Herodoti Historiarum libri ix. Ctesiae Cnidii et Chronographorum Castoris Eratosthenis etc. fragmenta (1858): online
Geographi Graeci minores (1861–1882): vol. 1, vol. 2, tabulae
Claudii Ptolemaei Geographia (1883–1901): vol. 1:1, vol. 1:2
References
Conrad Bursian, Geschichte der classischen Philologie in Deutschland, vol. 2, Munich, 1883, pp. 898–9.
1813 births
1894 deaths
German classical philologists
19th-century German historians
People from Hanover Region
19th-century German male writers
German male non-fiction writers
Dança dos Famosos 2013 was the tenth season of the Brazilian reality show Dança dos Famosos which premiered on May 26, 2013 at 7:30 p.m./6:30 p.m. (BRT/AMT) on Rede Globo.
On September 15, 2013, actress Carol Castro & Leandro Azevedo won the competition over actress Bruna Marquezine & Átila Amaral and actor Tiago Abravanel & Ana Paula Guedes. Leandro is the first professional partner to win the show twice.
Couples
Elimination chart
Weekly results
Week 1
Week 1 – Men
Style: Disco
Aired: May 26, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 2
Week 1 – Women
Style: Disco
Aired: June 2, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 3
Week 2 – Men
Style: Forró
Aired: June 9, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 4
Week 2 – Women
Style: Forró
Aired: June 16, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 5
Week 3 – Men
Style: Rock and Roll
Aired: June 23, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 6
Week 3 – Women
Style: Rock and Roll
Aired: June 30, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 7
Dance-off
Style: Foxtrot
Aired: July 21, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 8
Deadlock
Style: Sertanejo
Aired: July 28, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 9
Team A
Style: Funk
Aired: August 4, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 10
Team B
Style: Funk
Aired: August 11, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 11
Top 6
Style: Salsa
Aired: August 18, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 12
Top 5
Style: Waltz
Aired: August 25, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 13
Top 4
Style: Pasodoble
Aired: September 1, 2013
Judges
Running order
Week 14
Top 3
Style: Tango & Samba
Aired: September 15, 2013
Judges
Running order
References
External links
2013 Brazilian television seasons
Season 10
Melvinder Kanth is a documentary film-maker and actor who has appeared in several TV films and theatre in the United Kingdom and Singapore since 1996. He appeared in 2008's Kallang Roar the Movie as Captain of the Legendary Singapore national football team of the 1970s. Kanth trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School in England.
Filmography
In Search of the Penan (1999)
In Search of Afghanistan (2001)
1988..Segaris Sinar (2008) ... Mail
Kallang Roar the Movie (2008) .... Samad Allapitchay
References
Movie Exclusive
External links
Youth.SG
1970 births
Living people
Singaporean male actors
Harris is an unincorporated community in Elkins Township, Washington County, Arkansas, United States. It is located east of Fayetteville and within the city limits of Elkins near Arkansas Highway 16.
A post office was established at Harris in 1888, and remained in operation until 1957.
References
Unincorporated communities in Washington County, Arkansas
Unincorporated communities in Arkansas
2009 Oita Trinita season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Oita Trinita
Oita Trinita seasons
Trimetrexate is a quinazoline derivative. It is a dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor.
Uses
It has been used with leucovorin in treating pneumocystis pneumonia.
It has been investigated for use in treating leiomyosarcoma.
It is a methotrexate (MTX) analog that is active against transport-deficient MTX-resistant tumor cells that overcome the acquired and natural resistance to methotrexate. Other uses include skin lymphoma.
References
External links
Antifungals
Mammalian dihydrofolate reductase inhibitors
Protozoal dihydrofolate reductase inhibitors
Fungal dihydrofolate reductase inhibitors
Quinazolines
Antiprotozoal agents
Aromatic amines
Phenol ethers
Anilines
Shaqi () may refer to:
Shaqi-ye Olya
Shaqi-ye Sofla
High on Life is an upcoming comedic biopunk first-person shooter by Squanch Games. It was conceived by Justin Roiland, who is known for his work on the TV series Rick and Morty and Solar Opposites. It takes place in a colorful, absurdist science fiction world and features anthropomorphic talking guns. The game includes voice acting from Roiland, J.B. Smoove, Tim Robinson, Zach Hadel and Michael Cusack. It is scheduled to be released on December 13, 2022, for Windows, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S. It will be available on the Xbox Game Pass subscription service starting on release day.
Premise
In the future, humanity has been taken by an alien cartel to be used as drugs for aliens. Playing as a bounty hunter, the player must navigate throughout the galaxy to save the humans by using weapons called Gatlians, alien guns to take out the threats.
Gameplay
Development
"High On Life" was originally set to release in October 2022 but, on August 18, 2 months before the game was due to release, it was announced that the game was being delayed until December 13 of the same year to give the development team more time.
References
Biopunk
First-person shooters
Upcoming video games scheduled for 2022
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
The de Havilland Canada DHC-3 Otter is a single-engined, high-wing, propeller-driven, short take-off and landing (STOL) aircraft developed by de Havilland Canada. It was conceived to be capable of performing the same roles as the earlier and highly successful Beaver, including as a bush plane, but is overall a larger aircraft.
Design and development
The rugged single-engined, high-wing, propeller-driven DHC-3 Otter was conceived in January 1951 by de Havilland Canada as a larger, more powerful version of its highly successful DHC2 Beaver STOL utility transport. Dubbed the "King Beaver" during design, it would be the veritable "one-ton truck" to the Beaver's "half-ton" role.
The Otter received Canadian certification in November 1952 and entered production shortly thereafter. Using the same overall configuration as the Beaver, the new, much heavier design incorporated a longer fuselage, greater-span wing, and cruciform tail. Seating in the main cabin expanded from six to 10 or 11. Power was supplied by a 450-kW (600 hp) Pratt & Whitney R-1340 geared radial. The version used in the Otter was geared for lower propeller revolutions and consequently lower airspeed. The electrical system was 28 volts D.C.
Like the Beaver, the Otter can be fitted with skis or floats. The Otter served as the basis for the very successful Twin Otter, which features two wing-mounted Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 turboprops. A total of 466 Otters were manufactured.
Operational use
The DHC-3/CC-123/CSR-123 Otter was used until 1980 by the Royal Canadian Air Force and its successor, the Air Command of the Canadian Forces. It was used in Search and Rescue, as the "CSR" denotes Canadian Search (and) Rescue (type 123) and as a light utility transport, "CC" denoting Canadian Cargo.
During the Suez Crisis, the Canadian government decided to provide assistance to the United Nations Emergency Force and the Royal Canadian Navy carrier carried 4 Otters from Halifax to Port Said in Egypt early in 1957, with all four flying off unassisted while the ship was at anchor. This was the only occasion when RCAF fixed wing aircraft operated from a Canadian warship.
It was also operated on EDO floats on water and skis for winter operations on snow. The EDO floats also had wheels for use on runways (amphibious). It was used as army support dropping supplies by parachute, and also non-parachute low-speed, low-altitude air drops, to support the Canadian Army on manoeuvres. In the end it was operated by the Primary Air Reserve in Montreal, Toronto, Edmonton and Winnipeg, with approximately 10 aircraft at each base, as well as by the RSU (Regular (Forces) Support Units) at those bases. It was usually flown with a single pilot (Commissioned Officer) in the left seat and a Technical Air Crewman (NCO) in the right seat. The Kiowa helicopter replaced it in Air Reserve squadrons.
Although the Otter found ready acceptance in bush airlines, as in a similar scenario to the DHC-2 Beaver, the United States Army soon became the largest operator of the aircraft (184 delivered as the U-1A Otter). Other military users included Australia, Canada, and India, but the primary role of the aircraft as a rugged bush plane continues to this day.
An Otter crossed the South Pole in 1957 (see Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition). The Otter is also popular in the skydiving community and can be found in many dropzones throughout the world.
Otters were used by Qantas from 1958 to 1960 in Papua New Guinea. The Qantas aircraft were then transferred to Trans Australian Airlines (TAA), a major Australian domestic airline, which operated the Otters in Papua New Guinea until 1966 when they were withdrawn from use. TAA was merged with Qantas in 1990.
Modifications
The most extensively modified Otter was RCAF Otter 3682. After initial service as a standard Search and Rescue aircraft it was used to explore the aerodynamic aspects of STOL. In 1958 it was fitted with flaps so outsized that, with their 45 degree droop, it became known as the Batwing Otter. In addition, its tail-wheel undercarriage was replaced with a high energy- absorption 4-wheel arrangement and a very high vertical tail. The next modification replaced the flaps with fully retractable flaps suitable for cruising flight and high drag was obtained with reverse thrust from a J85 turbojet installed in the fuselage behind the cockpit. The third configuration looked a lot like the future Twin Otter and was the first twin-PT6 fixed-wing installation to fly in May 1963 (A twin PT6-engined helicopter, the Kaman K-1125, had flown in April 1963). The piston engine in the nose was replaced with wing-mounted engines to blow over the flaps.
Stolairus Aviation of Kelowna, BC, has developed several modifications for the DHC-3 including a STOL Kit, which modifies the wing with a contoured leading edge and drooped wingtips for increased performance. Stolairus has also developed a "upgross" kit which increases the gross weight of the DHC-3 to on floats.
Some aircraft were converted to turbine power using a PT6A, Walter 601 (manufactured in the Czech Republic), or Garrett/Honeywell TPE331-10, by Texas Turbine Conversions. The Walter M601E-11 Turbine Engine conversion is manufactured and installed by Stolairus Aviation.
A Polish Pezetel radial engine has also been fitted. Re-engined aircraft have been offered since the 1980s by Airtech Canada as the DHC-3/1000 using current-production 1,000 hp (745 kW) PZL ASz-62 IR radials.
Variants
DHC-3 Otter Single-engined STOL utility transport aircraft.
CSR-123 Otter STOL utility transport aircraft for the Royal Canadian Air Force.
YU-1 Otter Six test and evaluation aircraft for the U.S. Army.
U-1A Otter STOL utility transport aircraft for the U.S. Army.
UC-1 Otter STOL utility transport aircraft for the United States Navy. Later redesignated U-1B Otter in 1962.
Otters fitted with either Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6A-27 or Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6A-34 turboprop engine.
Airtech Canada DHC-3/1000 OtterConversions powered by PZL Kalisz ASz-62IR engines.
Texas Turbines Super OtterTurbine conversion powered by a Garret TPE331 turboprop engine
Military operators
Argentine Air Force: Former operator
Royal Australian Air Force: Two Otters (RAAF serial A100-1 and 2) were in service with the RAAF from 1961 to 1967. The aircraft were used for passenger and freight transport duties at the Weapons Research Establishment, Woomera, South Australia.
No. 1 Air Trials Unit
Bangladesh Air Force: Former operator
Burma Air Force
Royal Canadian Air Force
Chilean Air Force
Air Surveillance Service
Ethiopian Air Force
Ghana Air Force - acquired 12 Otters (G300 - G311), in service 1961-1973 (serial number: 413, 414, 416, 418, 420, 422, 424, 425, 426, 428, 430, 431).
4 aircraft had to be written off, 8 aircraft were sold in 1973.
G300 (s/n 413) crashed on 21 June 1968 in the jungle in the Brong Ahafo region of Ghana and was destroyed.
G301 (s/n 414) crashed on 31 August 1961 at Kintampo in the Brong Ahafo region of Ghana and was destroyed.
G302 (s/n 416) crashed on the beach near Takoradi on a date unknown and was destroyed. It was on floats at the time, on a training detail.
G308 (s/n 426) was written off in service.
Indian Air Force
Indonesian Air Force
Khmer Air Force: Former operator
Royal New Zealand Air Force
Nicaraguan Air Force
Royal Norwegian Air Force
Panamanian Public Forces
Paraguayan Air Force: One DHC-3 donated by Argentina.
Tanzanian Air Force
Royal Air Force
United States Air Force
United States Army
United States Navy
Otter NU-1B is the oldest aircraft in the U.S. Navy, in service at the U.S. Naval Test Pilot School, Patuxent River, Md.
Civil operators
Qantas
Trans Australia Airlines
Royal Canadian Mounted Police
Lamb Air
Harbour Air
Osprey Wings Ltd
Provincial Airlines
Air Saguenay
Vancouver Island Air
Bearskin Airlines (formerly)
Fjellfly
Varangfly
Westwing A/S
Widerøe
Philippine Airlines (formerly)
Talkeetna Air Taxi
Kenmore Air
Wings Airways
Key West Seaplane Adventures
Northwest Seaplanes
Pacific Island Air
Volcanic Air (Rotorua)
Accidents
As of June 2019, there have been 119 incidents and accidents involving the DHC-3 resulting in 242 deaths. Listed below are a select few of the most notable ones.
In 1956 two military Otters broke up in mid-air. One had taken off from Downsview and the other from Goose bay. The Otter needs tailplane deflection to balance the pitching moment caused by flap deflection. The flaps were held in position with hydraulic pressure balancing the air loads. Metal contamination in a hydraulic valve allowed the flaps to rapidly retract with the tailplane still fully trimmed. The consequent nose drop was severe enough to cause structural failure. A filter was added to the flap hydraulic system and an interconnection added between the flaps and tailplane to ensure a state of trim.
On 22 June 1994, a float equipped de Havilland DHC-3 Otter, N13GA, registered to and operated by Wings of Alaska of Juneau, Alaska, crashed into the Taku Inlet, 12 miles east of Juneau. The Air Taxi flight, operating under 14 CFR Part 135 by a Commercial Certificated pilot, last departed the Taku Lodge located on the Taku River, and the destination was the Juneau downtown dock. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident and a company flight plan was in effect. The airplane received substantial damage. Six passengers received fatal injuries, one passenger is missing and presumed dead, and the pilot and three passengers received serious injuries.
On 9 August 2010, a DHC-3T registered to Anchorage-based GCI crashed about north of Dillingham, Alaska, while en route to a private fishing lodge. Five of the nine people on board were killed, including former Alaska Senator Ted Stevens. Surviving passengers included former NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe and his teenage son, both of whom sustained injuries.
On 23 September 2011, a single-engined, turbine-powered, amphibious float-equipped de Havilland DHC-3T airplane, N361TT, sustained substantial damage during a go-around and subsequent low-altitude maneuver at Heitman Lake, about 5 miles south-southwest of Kodiak, Alaska. The airplane was being operated by Paklook Air Inc., Kodiak, as a visual flight rules (VFR) on-demand air taxi flight, when the accident occurred. Of the three people aboard, the commercial pilot sustained fatal injuries, one passenger received serious injuries, and the remaining passenger received minor injuries. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and company-flight following procedures were in effect. The airplane departed Old Harbor, Alaska, bound for Kodiak. A passenger on the airplane reported that during a go-around on a lake, the airplane struck a tree on the shoreline and crashed. The passenger was able to make a cellphone call, and report the accident to authorities.
On 7 July 2013, a De Havilland Otter registered to Rediske Air of Nikiski crashed at Soldotna Airport, Alaska, killing all 10 aboard.
On 25 June 2015, a Promech Air DHC-3 Otter crashed into the face of a granite cliff near Ella Lake, Alaska, 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Ketchikan. The aircraft carried a pilot and eight passengers who were tourists on a sightseeing excursion from a Holland America Line coastal cruise aboard the cruise ship MS Westerdam. All nine people on board died. The NTSB determined that the pilot had a history of poor decision making and that the company had a compromised culture that resulted in an "operation in which safety competed with performance and revenue".
On 15 September 2015, a De Havilland DHC-3 Turbine Otter on floats carrying 10 people and belonging to Rainbow King Lodge crashed on takeoff at Eastwind Lake, 1 mile north of Iliamna, which is 175 miles SW of Anchorage. Three people were killed in the crash.
On 13 May 2019, in the 2019 George Inlet, Alaska mid-air collision, a Taquan Air DHC-3 Turbine Otter floatplane collided with a Mountain Air Service DHC-2 Beaver over George Inlet, Alaska, United States, with the loss of 1 passenger aboard the DHC-3 and 5 passengers and crew aboard the DHC-2. The cause of the accident is currently under investigation.
On 4 September 2022, a float-equipped De Havilland DHC-3 operated by Friday Harbor Seaplanes crashed in Puget Sound near Whidbey Island, Washington. One body was recovered and as of 5 September 2022, 9 bodies remain unaccounted for. On 5 September 2022, the search for victims of the crash was suspended. Details of the crash have been turned over to National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB).
Specifications (landplane)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Hayes, Karl E. DHC-3 Otter – A History (CD-ROM). Crakaig, Killiney Hill Road, Killiney, Co. Dublin, Ireland: Karl E. Hayes Publisher, 2006. (also available via CANAV Books, Toronto)
Hotson, Fred W. The de Havilland Canada Story. Toronto: CANAV Books, 1983. .
Michell, Simon. (ed.). Jane's Civil and Military Aircraft Upgrades 1994–95. Coulsdon, UK: Jane's Information Group, 1994. .
Milberry, Larry. Aviation In Canada. Toronto: McGraw-Hill Ryerson Ltd., 1979. .
Molson, Ken M. and Harold A. Taylor. Canadian Aircraft Since 1909. Stittsville, Ontario: Canada's Wings, Inc., 1982. .
Rossiter, Sean. The Immortal Beaver: The World's Greatest Bush Plane. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1999. .
Rossiter, Sean. Otter & Twin Otter: The Universal Airplanes. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1998. .
Taylor, John W.R., ed. Jane's All The World's Aircraft 1988–89. Coulsdon, UK: Jane's Defence Data, 1988. .
External links
DHC-3archive.com
de Havilland Canada DHC-3 CC-123 Otter
De Havilland Canada D.H.C.3 'Otter'
US Navy Otter service in Antarctica
1950s Canadian civil utility aircraft
1960s Canadian military utility aircraft
DHC-3
Single-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Cruciform tail aircraft
STOL aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1951
is a Japan-exclusive beat 'em up video game for the Super Famicom which was released in 1994.
Background
UFO Kamen Yakisoban was the main character, played by Michael Tomioka, in a series of TV commercials for "UFO" instant yakisoba noodles produced by Nissin Foods. A feature film was released in 1994 directly to VHS video, which also featured Dave Spector as Kettler. The theme from the movie, sung by Hironobu Kageyama, was released on a CD single.
Video game
The video game has two versions, one with a drawing on the cover and another with pictures of the actors, changing only the end of the name of the game from one version to another. The noodle superhero wants to marry the princess, but Kettler wants her for himself. The hero wears a bowl of UFO yakisoba on his head. There are five stages to overcome until the princess can be rescued.
See also
Mayuko Takata
References
External links
Complete game overview at Giant Bomb
Fan review at videogameden.com
Fan review at rvgfanatic.com
Japanese review
Nissin official site (North America)
1994 video games
Advergames
Beat 'em ups
Den'Z games
Japan-exclusive video games
KID games
Side-scrolling video games
Superhero video games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System-only games
Video games about food and drink
Video games developed in Japan
Pukch'ŏng County is a county in eastern South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea.
Geography
It borders the Sea of Japan (East Sea of Korea) to the south. Away from the coast, it is entirely mountainous. The Hamgyong Mountains traverse the county. The highest point is Komdoksan. Chief streams include the Namdaechon and Pochonchon (보천천). It has a relatively mild climate for the province.
Administrative divisions
Pukch'ŏng county is divided into 1 ŭp (town), 2 rodongjagu (workers' districts) and 38 ri (villages):
Economy
Much of the economy in Pukchong County consists of agriculture, with fruit farming specifically making up a significant portion. Aside from farming, industry also makes up a portion of the county's economy, although details of specifically what industries exist in the county are scant.
Briefly mentioned by the North Korean state-controlled newspaper The Pyongyang Times, there is said to be a shoe factory in Pukchong County.
Also according to The Pyongyang Times, a pig farm in Pukchong County was inaugurated in August 2021. The farm, whose English name is given as the Pukchong Pig Farm, is said to include an inspection room, fattening and breeding blocks, a feed processing and transportation system, as well as a means to produce organic fertilizer.
Transportation
Pukch'ŏng county is served by the Tŏksŏng and P'yŏngra lines of the Korean State Railway, as well as by roads.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
South Hamgyong
References
External links
Counties of South Hamgyong
Andrzej Zieliński may refer to:
Andrzej Zieliński (athlete) (1936–2021), Polish sprinter
Andrzej Zieliński (artist) (born 1976), American visual artist
Andrzej Zieliński (actor) (born 1962), Polish actor
Andrzej Zieliński (politician), Ministry of Culture and National Heritage (Poland)
See also
Polylopha hypophaea is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on Java in Indonesia.
References
Moths described in 1974
Polyorthini
This is a list of frogs and toads known to be found in New Jersey.
Frogs
Toads
References
Frogs and toads
New Jersey
.Amphibians
New Jersey
Mobil Composition of Matter (MCM) is the initial name given for a series of mesoporous materials that were first synthesized by Mobil's researchers in 1992. MCM-41 (Mobil Composition of Matter No. 41) and MCM-48 (Mobil Composition of Matter No. 48) are two of the most popular mesoporous molecular sieves that are keenly studied by researchers.
The most striking fact about the MCM-41 and MCM-48 is that, although composed of amorphous silica wall, they possess long range ordered framework with uniform mesopores. These materials also possess large surface area, which can be up to more than 1000 m2g−1. Moreover, the pore diameter of these materials can be nicely controlled within mesoporous range between 1.5 and 20 nm by adjusting the synthesis conditions and/or by employing surfactants with different chain lengths in their preparation.
MCM-41 and MCM-48 have been applied as catalysts for various chemical reactions, as a support for drug delivery system and as adsorbent in waste water treatment.
MCM-41 is a material similar to FSM-16.
References
Kresge, C. T., Leonowicz, M. E., Roth, W. J., Vartuli, J. C. and Beck, J. S. Nature, 1992. 359: 710-712.
Beck, J.S., Vartuli, J. C., Roth, W. J., Leonowicz, M. E., Kresge, C. T., Schmitt, K. D., Chu, C. T. D., Olson, D. H., Sheppard, E. W., McCullen, S. B., Higgins, J. B. and Schlenker, J. L. J. Am. Chem. Soc., 1992. 114: 10834-10843.
Beck, J. S. U.S. Patent 5, 057, 296. 1991.
Huo, Q., Margolese, D. I., Ciesla, U., Denuth, D. G., Feng, P., Gier, T. E., Sieger, P., Firouzi, A., Chmelka, B. F., Schuth, F. and Stucky, G. D. Chem. Mater.., 1994. 6: 1176-1191.
Choma, J., Pikus, S. and Jaroniec, M. Appl. Surf. Sci., 2005. 252: 562-569.
Hamoudi, S. and Belkacemi, K. J. Porous Mater., 2004. 11: 47-54.
Materials
Catalysts
Fall Spectacular: Kawasaki Legend was a Fall Spectacular professional wrestling event produced by Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW). The event took place on September 28, 1997 at the Kawasaki Stadium in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan. The show aired via tape delay on Samurai TV! on October 12.
The main event was a No Ropes Exploding Barbed Wire Steel Cage Time Bomb Death Match between Atsushi Onita and W*ING Kanemura, which stipulated that if Onita lost, he must retire from professional wrestling and if Kanemura lost, then W*ING Alliance would have to disband. Onita won, forcing W*ING to disband. After the event, Onita formed a bonding with W*ING members and quit FMW team in sympathy and formed ZEN with W*ING members to feud with FMW.
In other major matches on the event, Masato Tanaka defeated The Gladiator to win the FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship and the FMW Independent Heavyweight Championship, the Japan team of Kenta Kobashi and Maunakea Mossman defeated Hayabusa and Jinsei Shinzaki, Funk Masters of Wrestling leader Terry Funk defeated Fuyuki-Gun leader Kodo Fuyuki in a loser leaves FMW match to retain the NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship, Vader defeated Ken Shamrock in an ultimate rules steel cage match and Shark Tsuchiya defeated Aja Kong to win the FMW Independent and WWA World Women's Championship.
Event
Preliminary matches
The opening match was a twelve-man Royal Rumble match. The final two participants were Ricky Fuji and Tetsuhiro Kuroda. Kuroda lastly eliminated Fuji with a one shoulder powerbomb to win the match.
Next, Kaori Nakayama and Miwa Sato took on Mad Dog Military members Crusher Maedomari and Miss Mongol. Maedomari executed a Nodowa Otoshi on Sato for the win.
Next, Hisakatsu Oya and Mr. Gannosuke defended the Brass Knuckles Tag Team Championship against Jado and Gedo. Gannosuke executed a Thunder Fire Powerbomb on Gedo to retain the titles.
Later, Aja Kong took on Shark Tsuchiya in a match for the vacant FMW Independent and WWA World Women's Championship. Tsuchiya attacked Kong with a fireball to win the vacant titles.
Next, Terry Funk defended the NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship against Kodo Fuyuki in a Loser Leaves FMW match, with the loser being forced to leave FMW. Funk executed a Moonsault on Fuyuki to retain the title.
Next, Ken Shamrock took on Vader in an Ultimate Rules Steel Cage match. Vader was awarded the match via referee stoppage after Shamrock began bleeding heavily.
Next, The Gladiator defended the unified FMW Double Championship against Masato Tanaka. Tanaka nailed a Rolling Elbow Smash to Gladiator to win the title, ending Gladiator's year-long reign.
In the penultimate match, the team of Hayabusa and Jinsei Shinzaki took on Kenta Kobashi and Maunakea Mossman in an interpromotional tag team match. Kobashi nailed a Burning Lariat to Hayabusa for the win.
Main event match
The main event was a No Ropes Exploding Barbed Wire Steel Cage Time Bomb Death Match between Atsushi Onita and W*ING Kanemura. The match stipulated that if Onita lost then he would be forced to retire and if Kanemura lost then W*ING Alliance would be forced to disband. After a back and forth match, Onita executed a Thunder Fire Powerbomb on Kanemura for the win, thus saving his career and forcing W*ING Alliance to retire.
Results
References
1997 in professional wrestling
Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling shows
1997 in Japan
September 1997 events in Asia
Ozothamnus obcordatus, the grey everlasting, is a shrub in the family Asteraceae, native to the states of Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania in Australia.
It grows to 1.5 metres high and has obcordate, broad-elliptic obovate leaves which are 6 to 15 mm long and 3 to 6 mm wide. These have tips that bend backwards and are shiny and green on the top and covered with grey hairs underneath.
The species is regarded as having potential in commercial cut flower production.
References
obcordatus
Asterales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Tasmania
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Plants described in 1838
Oneonta Creek is a river in Otsego County, New York. Oneonta Creek drains out of Wilber Lake, flows through Oneonta, and empties into the Susquehanna River.
References
Rivers of New York (state)
Rivers of Otsego County, New York
Rabenau () is a town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated north of Dippoldiswalde, and southwest of Dresden (centre).
Personality
Karl von Miltitz (1490-1529), papal nuncio
Cornelius Schnauber (1939-2014), literary critic, author, grew up in Rabenau
Hans-Jürgen Kreische (born 1947), soccer player of the GDR, grew up in Rabenau
Daniel Rosin (born 1980), professional football player, grew up in Rabenau
List of mayors
This list contains the democratically elected mayors since 1990
1990-1994: Frank Schoenherr (CDU)
1994-2008: Gerd Hilbert (FDP)
2009: Thomas Paul (CDU)
References
Lycée Victor Hugo is a French international school in Marrakech, Morocco, serving levels collège (middle school) and lycée (sixth form college/senior high school).
The school was founded in the 1960s in the former quartier Lamy, a part of a French military assembly area, after the previously established primary and secondary schools were given to the Moroccan government.
It is a part of the Cité Scolaire Hugo-Renoir, which also houses the primary school École Auguste Renoir.
References
External links
Lycée Victor Hugo
International schools in Marrakesh
French international schools in Morocco
The Czechoslovak Cup () was a football cup competition held in Czechoslovakia. It was officially created in 1960 and folded in 1993 with the split between the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
The cup was played throughout Czechoslovakia until 1968–69. From 1969–70, the cup was played between the winners of Czech Cup and Slovak Cup.
Sparta Prague and Dukla Prague were the most successful clubs winning both 8 times. In total, Czech teams lifted the Cup 20 times, and Slovak teams 13 times.
The origins of the cup are in unofficial tournaments played in 1950–51, 1951–52, 1955 and 1959–60 season.
Finals
Winners
Dukla Prague 8
Sparta Prague 8 (including as Spartak Sokolovo)
Slovan Bratislava 5
Spartak Trnava 4
Baník Ostrava 3
Lokomotíva Košice 2
DAC Dunajská Streda 1
1. FC Košice 1
FC Tescoma Zlín 1 (as TJ Gottwaldov)
See also
Czechoslovak First League
Czech Cup
Slovak Cup
Czechoslovak Supercup, de facto revival as a friendly between the Czech and Slovak cup winners post-dissolution
External links
Full tables on RSSSF
Cup
Recurring sporting events established in 1960
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1993
1960 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Roger Cross (born October 19, 1969) is a Jamaican-born Canadian actor who has made numerous appearances in several films and television series, mostly on productions shot in Canada. He is known for his work as CTU Agent Curtis Manning in the popular American television series 24. His other notable television roles include First Wave, Continuum, Motive, and Dark Matter.
Early life
Cross was born in Christiana, Jamaica. When he was eleven, his family emigrated to Canada, settling in Vancouver, British Columbia. He graduated with a degree in Aviation and General Studies from Trinity Western University. Before his acting career, Cross was a professional pilot.
Career
Cross began his career in the 1990s playing guest roles in such series as Street Justice, The X-Files, Sliders, Stargate SG-1, Highlander: The Series, Relic Hunter, The 4400, Higher Ground, Star Trek: Enterprise, and Chuck.<ref name="sci">{{cite web|title=Past Imperfect: Interview with Dark Matter'''s Roger Cross|url=http://scifiandtvtalk.typepad.com/scifiandtvtalk/2015/07/past-imperfect-interview-with-dark-matters-roger-cross.html|website=SciFiAndTvTalk|access-date=March 26, 2017}}</ref>
From 1998 to 2001, he starred as a lead character, Joshua Bridges, on the sci-fi series First Wave.
From 2005 to 2007, Cross achieved wider recognition for his role as CTU Agent Curtis Manning on the Fox television drama 24. In 2009, he appeared as DJ and drag queen Sunset Boulevard/Sonny Benson in the Showtime series The L Word.
In 2010, Cross did voice-over work as "Ulysses" in the Fallout: New Vegas add-ons, "Old World Blues" and "Lonesome Road".
Cross's other notable television roles include Staff Sergeant Boyd Bloom in Motive, Detective Lucas Hilton in Arrow, Reggie Fitzwilliam in The Strain, Travis Verta in Continuum, and Six in Dark Matter.
In addition to his work on television, Cross has appeared in such films as The Chronicles of Riddick, X2, Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever, Beautiful Joe, Free Willy 3: The Rescue, World Trade Center, Re-Kill, and Mad Money.Personal life
Cross is in a long-term relationship with actress and yoga instructor Josephine Jacob. They have two sons, Kaniel Jacob-Cross and Gabriel Jacob-Cross, who is known for his roles on Snowpiercer (2020), Legion (2017), The Man in the High Castle (2015) and the Hallmark film A Christmas Miracle'' (2019).
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
20th-century Canadian male actors
21st-century Canadian male actors
Black Canadian male actors
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian people of Jamaican descent
Jamaican expatriates in Canada
Jamaican expatriates in the United States
Jamaican male film actors
Jamaican male television actors
Male actors from Vancouver
20th-century Jamaican male actors
21st-century Jamaican male actors
Hugh Carroll (28 May 1909 – 21 July 1969) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1909 births
1969 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Sing It Now: Songs of Faith & Hope is the thirty-second studio album by American country music singer Reba McEntire. It was released on February 3, 2017, by Rockin' R Records, Nash Icon, Big Machine Records and Capitol Christian Music Group. McEntire produced the album with her musical director Doug Sisemore and Jay DeMarcus from the musical group Rascal Flatts. The album consists of two discs. The first disc is made up of traditional hymns, while the second disc contains all original songs. McEntire wrote a song on the album "I Got the Lord on My Side" with the help of her mother, Jackie McEntire.
Background
While McEntire is most known for her work in country music, she has stated that she has wanted to do a gospel album since the mid-1980s. She recorded the album in the wake of her divorce from Narvel Blackstock in 2015, which she said led her faith to become stronger.
Release and promotion
McEntire announced the album on December 15, 2016, during a live Facebook chat. During the chat she also announced that to promote the album she would perform a one-night-only show at the Ryman Auditorium on February 15, 2017. Following the announcement, the first single from the album, "Softly and Tenderly", featuring Kelly Clarkson and Trisha Yearwood, was released on December 16, along with the album's pre-order. In the weeks leading up to the album's release, a new song was released each Friday. "Hallelujah, Amen" was released as the first promotional single on December 23. The second promotional single, "Oh, How I Love Jesus", was released on December 30. The third promotional single, "God and My Girlfriends", was released on January 6, 2017. "Oh Happy Day" was released as the fourth promotional single on January 13. The album's second single, "Back to God", was released on January 20. The music video for the single "Back to God" was released on January 24, 2017. The fifth and final promotional single, "Sing It Now", was released on January 27. In November 2017, "God and My Girlfriends" was sent to radio as the third and final single from the album.
Critical reception
The album received mostly positive reviews from music critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine for AllMusic said, "All of the ten new songs are very many creatures of their time -- big, glossy productions within the praise and worship mode. In contrast, the ten standards -- while still plenty polished -- are a bit rootsier. Each album is satisfying on its own, but when heard in conjunction, the range and subtle skill of McEntire impress." Andy Argyrakis of CCM Magazine gave to album 5 out of 5 stars, saying, "McEntire co-produces the entire spread alongside Rascal Flatts' Jay DeMarcus and her band leader/musical director Doug Sisemore, resulting in a sound that straddles southern gospel, classic country, pop and contemporary Christian with a message that boldly lives up to its title on literally every single stirring occasion." My Kind of Country gave the album an A−, praising McEntire's decision to record a gospel album, "Sing It Now shows that when she puts aside commercial considerations and works with good material, she is still second to none." Today's Christian Entertainment gave the album 4.5 out of 5 stars, saying, "Complete with Reba's signature style and sound, Sing It Now: Songs of Faith & Hope inspires with music that speaks to the hearts of listeners while keeping the attention on the love and grace of our Heavenly Father." Sounds Like Nashville proclaimed that "Sing It Now" made for a perfect segue from the standards to the newer material.
Awards and accolades
On August 9, 2017, it was announced that Sing It Now: Songs of Faith & Hope would be nominated for a GMA Dove Award for Worship Album of the Year at the 48th Annual GMA Dove Awards.
McEnitre was nominated for the Female Vocalist of the Year Award at the 51st CMA Awards on the strength of the album.
On October 17, 2017, Sing It Now: Songs of Faith & Hope won the GMA Dove Award for Bluegrass/Country/Roots Album of the Year with producers Reba McEntire, Jay DeMarcus and Doug Sisemore being the receipts at a ceremony at Allen Arena in Nashville, Tennessee.
The album also won Best Roots Gospel Album at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards.
Commercial performance
The album debuted at No. 1 on the Top Country Albums chart with 52,000 copies sold in the United States its first week of release. It also debuted at No. 4 on the Billboard 200 based on 54,000 units, which include stream and track sales. It has sold 216,800 copies in the US as of April 2018.
Track listing
Personnel
Reba McEntire – lead vocals, arrangements (1, 3, 5, 6, 8), backing vocals (6)
Gordon Mote – acoustic piano (1, 9, 11-16, 18, 20, 21, 22), electric piano (16)
Doug Sisemore – keyboards (1, 9, 10, 12, 14, 16, 19, 22), arrangements (3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10), organ (5), Hammond B3 organ (8, 10, 13, 14, 16, 17, 22), programming (12, 19)
Tim Akers – keyboards (2, 4, 7), arrangements (2, 4, 7), horn arrangements (4, 18), acoustic piano (10)
Casey Brown – programming (2)
Catherine Marx – acoustic piano (3, 8, 17, 19), arrangements (3)
Dave Cohen – keyboards (11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Charles Judge – synthesizers (11, 15, 21), strings (11, 15, 21)
Jim Kimball – acoustic guitar (1, 5, 6, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22), backing vocals (3)
Danny Rader – acoustic guitar (2, 4, 7, 10)
Ilya Toshinsky – acoustic guitar (11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Jeff King – electric guitar (1, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22)
Jerry McPherson – electric guitar (2, 4, 7, 10)
Derek Wells – electric guitar (2, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Jay DeMarcus – additional guitar (2, 18, 21), arrangements (2, 4, 7), additional keyboards (20)
Rob McNelly – electric guitar (11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Dan Dugmore – steel guitar (2, 4, 7)
Mike Johnson – dobro (5, 6, 16), pedalboard (6), steel guitar (8, 13, 14, 17, 19, 22), lap steel guitar (12, 16)
Travis Toy – steel guitar (11, 15, 20, 21)
Jimmy Mattingly – mandolin (6, 13), violin (6), fiddle (16)
Sonya Isaacs – mandolin (7)
Mark Hill – bass (1, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22)
Joey Canaday – bass (2, 4, 7, 10)
Jimmie Lee Sloas – bass (11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Lonnie Wilson – drums (1, 9, 12, 13, 14, 16), programming (12, 14)
Greg Morrow – drums (2, 4, 7, 10)
Miles McPherson – drums (8, 11, 15, 17-21)
Jenee Fleenor – fiddle (2, 7)
Mark Douthit – saxophone (4, 18)
Doug Moffett – saxophone (4, 18)
Barry Green – trombone (4, 18)
Mike Haynes – trumpet (4, 18)
Steve Patrick – trumpet (4, 18)
Tabitha Fair – backing vocals (2, 4, 18)
Kim Keyes – backing vocals (2, 4, 18)
Vicki Hampton – backing vocals (2, 4, 5, 8, 12, 14, 16, 18)
Jimmy Stewart – backing vocals (3, 17)
Jenifer Wrinkle Thompson – backing vocals (3, 12, 13, 17, 22)
Bob Bailey – backing vocals (5, 8, 12, 14, 16)
Wendy Moten – backing vocals (5, 8, 12, 14, 16)
Alice Foran – backing vocals (6)
Jackie McEntire – backing vocals (6)
Susie McEntire – backing vocals (6)
The Isaacs – backing vocals (7)
Kelly Clarkson – lead and harmony vocals (10)
Trisha Yearwood – lead and harmony vocals (10)
Chip Davis – backing vocals (11, 15, 20, 21)
Perry Coleman – backing vocals (13, 22)
Cheri Oakley – backing vocals (20, 21)
Production
Reba McEntire – producer
Doug Sisemore – producer (1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22), production coordinator (1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22)
Jay DeMarcus – producer (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Mike "Frog" Griffith – production coordinator (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Laurel Kittleson – production coordinator (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Janice Soled – production coordinator (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Brianna Steinitz – production coordinator (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Allison Jones – A&R
Todd Tidwell – recording (1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22), recording assistant (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Sean Neff – mixing (1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22), recording (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Derek Bason – recording (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21), mixing (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Jim Kimball – recording (17, 19), mixing (19)
Chris Ashburn – recording assistant (1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22)
Nick Lane – mix assistant (1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 22), recording assistant (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Chris Small – mix assistant (2, 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21)
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing (17)
Adam Ayan – mastering
Taylor Colson Horton – art direction, design
Justin McIntosh – art direction, design
Cameron Powell – photography
Studios
Recorded at Starstruck Studios, Hot Closet and The Grip (Nashville, TN).
Mixed at Starstruck Studios and Hot Closet (Nashville, TN); SPIN Productions (Brentwood, TN); Mix LA (Tarzana, CA).
Mastered at Gateway Mastering (Portland, ME).
Charts
Weekly
Year-end
References
2017 albums
Reba McEntire albums
Big Machine Records albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums produced by Jay DeMarcus
Grammy Award for Best Roots Gospel Album
Virginia, in some ways, is a microcosm for the climate and clean energy challenges faced by the broader US. Parts of the state are threatened by sea level rise and environmental justice concerns, yet it also has strong ties to the fossil fuel industry. Passing the Virginia Clean Economy Act (VCEA) in this purple state is a model for making nation-wide climate legislation. In the years before the bill passed, several climate activism organizations built grassroots support for clean energy such that when the legislative bodies and governorship were held by Democrats in 2020, the grassroots base could quickly mobilize to pass a renewable energy standard. It was the nation's first legally binding, 100% renewable energy standard passed by any state, but the 2021 election of Republican Glenn Youngkin as Virginia's governor and the return of the state House of Delegates to the Republican party has raised questions for the bill's longevity. Given that the state's senate remains in Democratic control, market forces are pushing for renewable development, and strong regulations protect the bill, there is little the governor-elect will be able to do to derail the clean energy progress in the state. Even still, the bill and clean energy development in Virginia will be important to watch for clues about national clean energy regulation in the future.
Contents of the Bill
The Virginia Clean Economy Act (HB 1526 and SB 851) was signed into law by Governor Ralph Northam in 2020. The bill establishes a renewable energy portfolio standard (RPS), which mandates that the two utilities in the state, Dominion Energy Virginia and Appalachian Electric Power, produce 100 percent renewable electricity by 2045 and 2050, respectively. It also sets energy efficiency standards. Utilities that fail to comply with the RPS will pay into a fund that, in-part, goes toward training historically disadvantaged communities for employment in the clean energy sector. As it was originally written, the bill would have included joining RGGI (the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative) of Northeastern US states, but that provision was pulled out and passed in a later bill.
Passing the Bill
The Virginia Clean Economy Act (VCEA) was introduced to the VA State House by Representative Rip Sullivan and the VA State Senate by Senator Jennifer McClellan. Altogether, the VCEA had 31 patrons in the House and Senate, combined. At the time of the bill's passing, Virginia was one of 15 states to have a Democratic majority in the state House, Senate, and Governorship. It ultimately passed with 53-Y, 45-N, and 1-A in the House and 22-Y to 18-N in the Senate.
Environmental Coalition
Virginia is a state physically threatened by climate change in its eastern coast, and economically threatened by climate action in its western mountains. Gaining support from a wide range of interests therefore required diverse engagement strategies. The Sierra Club, Appalachian Voices, Chesapeake Climate Action Network, Advanced Energy Economy, Southern Environmental Law Center, and other environmental organizations came together as a coalition to gain grassroots support as well as technically write the bill. In early 2020, partner organizations organized a lobby day, and a report commissioned by Advanced Energy Economy informed the structure of the bill.
Opinions on the Bill
There is some opposition to the bill from both the political Right and Left. There is a concern that the bill will increase rate-payer electricity prices, in large part due to a last-minute bill change, which raised the price of Dominion's offshore wind project—a price that will fall on rate payers. A report from Advanced Energy Economy, however, estimated that over the course of the bill's life, Virginia families will actually gain $3,500 and that several thousand jobs will be netted.
References
Climate change law
A leadership spill in the Australian Labor Party, the party of opposition in the Parliament of Australia, was held on 27 April 1966. It followed the long awaited challenge by party deputy-leader Gough Whitlam against incumbent leader Arthur Calwell. Calwell received 49 votes to Whitlam's 25 in a caucus ballot. After claiming victory Calwell then announced that if Labor was defeated at the impending 1966 federal election, he would not stand for the leadership again.
Results
The following table gives the ballot results:
References
Australian Labor Party leadership spills
Australian Labor Party leadership spill
Polyortha glaucotes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Panama.
References
Moths described in 1914
Polyortha
Kevin Bilal Duckett (born January 9, 1989) is an American soccer player.
Career
College and amateur
Duckett played youth soccer in Georgia and played for McIntosh High School where he captained the squad to a state title in his senior season. Duckett joined the Notre Dame Fighting Irish in 2007 and was the starting right back during his last two years with the school.
Professional
Duckett was drafted first in the third round (37th overall) in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft by Vancouver Whitecaps FC. His versatility impressed coach Teitur Thordarson, who used Duckett, a natural right back, at center back and left back during the 2011 pre-season. The club signed Duckett on March 15, 2011, and he made his professional debut on June 1 in a game against Chivas USA.
Duckett was waived by Vancouver on November 23, 2011.
Duckett signed with USL Pro team Harrisburg City Islanders on March 27, 2012.
Duckett signed with the MLS team New England Revolution on February 11, 2013.
On February 20, 2014 Duckett signed with USL Pro club Charlotte Eagles.
After the Eagles moved to the USL PDL, Duckett signed with USL side Sacramento Republic, before again moving to Charlotte Independence soon after on April 10, 2015. Duckett left Charlotte after their 2018 season.
References
External links
Notre Dame player profile
1989 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's soccer players
Atlanta Silverbacks U23's players
Indiana Invaders players
Vancouver Whitecaps FC players
Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-23 players
Penn FC players
New England Revolution players
Rochester New York FC players
Charlotte Eagles players
Sacramento Republic FC players
Charlotte Independence players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Vancouver Whitecaps FC draft picks
USL League Two players
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
Soccer players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Sportspeople from Macon, Georgia
Association football defenders
Tsao Chi-hung (; born 1 March 1948) is a Taiwanese politician. A member of the Democratic Progressive Party, he was a member of the National Assembly from 1992 to 1994 and has served two terms each in the Legislative Yuan and as Pingtung County Magistrate. Between 2016 and 2017, Tsao was minister of agriculture.
Life before politics
Born in Linbian Township, Pingtung County, Tsao received his bachelor's degree from Chinese Culture University and his master's degree in education from National Kaohsiung Normal University. He worked as the Director of Academic Affairs at Linbian Junior High School from 1978 to 1994.
Political career
Tsao was first elected to political office in 1992 as a member of the National Assembly. In 1994 he was elected as a councillor in the Taiwan Provincial Council, at which point he left his career in education to become a full-time politician. In 1998 Tsao won a seat in the Legislative Yuan representing the Democratic Progressive Party; he was reelected in 2001. In 2004 the Pingtung County magistrate Su Jia-chyuan was appointed Minister of the Interior, leaving the way clear for Tsao to run for county magistrate in 2005. After winning the election in 2005 Tsao was reelected in 2009. He did not stand for reelection in 2014.
After the DPP's landslide win in the 2016 9-in-1 elections, President Tsai Ing-wen appointed Tsao Agriculture Minister in her first cabinet. Tsao stepped down from the position in February 2017.
References
Magistrates of Pingtung County
Living people
1948 births
Members of the 5th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 4th Legislative Yuan
Pingtung County Members of the Legislative Yuan
Democratic Progressive Party Members of the Legislative Yuan
Taiwanese Ministers of Agriculture
Chinese Culture University alumni
National Kaohsiung Normal University alumni
The 1985 Freedom Bowl was a college football postseason bowl game played on December 30 in Anaheim, California. the Washington Huskies of the Pacific-10 Conference and the Colorado Buffaloes of the Big Eight Conference.
Teams
Colorado
The Buffaloes switched to the wishbone offense in the spring and won five of their first six games; they tied for third in the Big Eight (4–3), and entered the bowl at 7–4 overall. With only one win the previous year and six consecutive losing seasons, this was Colorado's first bowl game in nine years, when they played in the Orange Bowl.
Washington
The Huskies finished fourth in the Pac-10 (5–3), but lost three of their last five games to finish the regular season with five losses. It was their seventh straight bowl game, and eighth under head coach Don James. Washington had finished second in the nation the previous season after winning the Orange Bowl.
Game summary
The night game kicked off shortly after 5 p.m. PST with Colorado in white jerseys and Washington in home purple. Jeff Jaeger gave the Huskies the lead late in the first quarter on a 30-yard field goal. The Buffaloes scored back on a one-yard touchdown by Anthony Weatherspoon. The Huskies scored with 30 seconds remaining in the half on a David Toy three yard touchdown run to make it 10–7 at halftime.
Colorado kicker Larry Eckel tied the game with a 33-yard field goal, but Washington scored quickly on a Tony Covington touchdown run three minutes later. An 18-yard field goal by Jaeger early in the fourth quarter made it 20–10. The Buffaloes responded later in the quarter with a drive into Washington territory, all the way to the 31. But on fourth down, the Buffaloes had to decide whether to kick a field goal or go for the first down. They sent out their punt team, led by punter Barry Helton. He took the snap and threw a 31-yard pass to tight end Jon Embree, who scored to make it 20–17 with 11:05 remaining. Colorado had one last chance with five minutes remaining deep into the Huskies' territory, but Mike Marquez fumed the ball at the two, as Washington held on to win their second straight bowl game. With the loss, Colorado's bowl losing streak stood at four. Both teams concluded the season with 7–5 records.
Aftermath
The two schools were to be paid $500,000 each to participate in this game, which almost killed the bowl due to stagnant funds after paying approximately $430,000 of the one million combined for both schools before the deadline, which had to be extended. However, the bowl president went before the Anaheim City Council and was given a $250,000 in an interest-free loan to pay the schools. This was not the first money trouble the bowl had, as the first bowl game had less than marginal success and left the Bowl in debt, having to use the proceeds from next years bowl game to pay off the previous year. The loan was due to be paid in full by 1994 (with payment starting in 1992). Fittingly, the Freedom Bowl disbanded after that year. Strangely enough, Helton's pass was the longest touchdown pass in Colorado bowl history until 1991.
Statistics
References
Freedom Bowl
Freedom Bowl
Colorado Buffaloes football bowl games
Washington Huskies football bowl games
Freedom Bowl
December 1985 sports events in the United States
Fíachnae mac Báetáin (died 626), also called Fíachnae Lurgan or Fíachnae Find, was king of the Dál nAraidi and High King of the Ulaid in the early 7th century. He was a son of Báetán mac Echdach and brother of Fiachra Cáech (died c. 608), grandson of the Ulaid king Eochaid mac Condlai (died 552) and father of Mongán mac Fiachnai.
Life and kingship
The Dál nAraidi kingdom was in fact a number of competing Cruthin tribes at this time so succession to the kingship was achieved through force of arms and prestige rather than by any regular means. According to the genealogies, Fiachnae's predecessor was his great-uncle Áed Dub mac Suibni, who died c. 588, and Fíachnae became king some time after Áed Dub's death. The kingship of the Ulaid was contested by Dál nAraidi and Dál Fiatach kings, so Fíachnae again did succeed directly to the kingship but required some time to impose himself as high king after the death of his predecessor, again Áed Dub. There is reference in the Annals of the Four Masters dated 597 describing the Battle of Cuil Cael where he defeats the Dal Fiatach leader Fiachnae mac Demmáin and from this could date his true overlordship of Ulaid.
While no historical sources for Fíachnae's life now remain, excepting a few bald entries in the Irish annals, a number of later traditions and a lost poem called Sluagad Fiachnae meic Báetáin co Dún nGuaire i Saxanaib (The hosting of Fiachnae mac Báetáin to Dún Guaire (Bamburgh?) in the kingdom of the Saxons) suggest that he was a significant figure in his time, campaigning against Edwin of Northumbria and perhaps also against Edwin's predecessor Æthelfrith of Northumbria. He may have captured Bamburgh - or only besieged it - circa 623.
Literary sources claim that Fíachnae's mother, who is said to have come from the Dál Fiatach, conceived him as a means of revenge against her husband. Báetán did not like the child and once set a ferocious dog on him, which Fiachnae killed by spearing it through the heart with a meat-spit.
The 8th century saga Compert Mongáin, which recounts the deeds of a half legendary son Mongán mac Fiachnai, fathered on Fíachnnae's wife by the sea-god Manannán mac Lir, while Fiachnae campaigned alongside Áedán mac Gabráin of Dál Riata. Mongán was killed in c. 625, in battle against the Britons of the Kingdom of Strathclyde. It may be that Fiachnae was, in fact, High King of Ireland for some time if he is identified with the Féachno who followed Diermait (presumed to be Diarmait mac Cerbaill) in the Baile Chuinn Chétchathaig list.
The Middle Irish tale Fiachna mac Báetáin 7 Ríge Alban "Fíachnae mac Báetáin and the Kingship of Scotland" recounts how Fiachnae obtained the kingship of Scotland. The tale includes supernatural features and common literary tropes. The Preface to Amra Coluimb Cille states that Fiachnae gave hospitality to the poets of Ireland when they were expelled from the rest of the country.
Fíachnae was killed in 626 at the Battle of Leithet Midind, defeated by Fiachnae mac Demmáin of the Dál Fiatach. His son Mongán predeceased him and a second son, Scandal Sciathlethan, father of Congal Cáech, may have done so as well, but a third son, Eochaid Iarlaithe, lived until around 666.
Notes
See also
Kings of Ulster
Kings of Dál nAraidi
References
Byrne, Francis John, Irish Kings and High-Kings. Batsford, London, 1973.
MacKillop, James, The Oxford Dictionary of Celtic Mythology. Oxford U.P., Oxford, 1998.
Ó Cróinín, Dáibhí, Early Medieval Ireland: 400–1200. Longman, London, 1995.
External links
Dan Wiley's commentary on Fiachna mac Báetáin 7 Ríge Alban
High Kings of Ireland
Kings of Ulster
Kings of Dál nAraidi
6th-century births
626 deaths
People from County Armagh
7th-century Irish monarchs
Silvia Patricia Núñez Ramos is an Ecuadorian politician in the Citizen Revolution Movement.
Life
In 2004 she studied civil engineering at the Technical University of Ambato. Seven years later she obtained her masters degree at the in the management of Social projects and the following year she trained for a year at the Higher School of
Chimborazo Polytechnic.
In 2020 she taught at the Universidad Nacional de Chimborazo.
She was elected to represent Chumborazo at the National Assembly in 2021. The sitting President of the assembly, Guadalupe Llori, was voted out at the end of May. Núñez said she voted against Guadalupe Llori because that was the recommendation.
References
Living people
Members of the National Assembly (Ecuador)
Women members of the National Assembly (Ecuador)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Compilation is a compilation cassette by New Zealand group The Clean. It was released in 1986 by Flying Nun Records. The album consists of early recordings, as well as songs from their 2 EPs, "Boodle Boodle Boodle" and "Great Sounds Great, Good Sounds Good, So-so Sounds, Bad Sounds Bad, Rotten Sounds Rotten". The CD version also contains 6 additional live tracks.
Track listing
"Billy Two"
"At The Bottom"
"Tally Ho!"
"Anything Could Happen"
"Point That Thing Somewhere Else"
"Flowers"
"Fish"
"Beatnik"
"Getting Older"
"Slug Song"
"Oddity"
"Whatever I Do"
Bonus tracks on 1988 version
"Quickstep" - 4:11
"Count To Ten" - 2:03
"Wild Western Shores" - 2:41
"Art School" - 2:15
"Hold Onto The Rail" - 2:59
"Point That Thing Somewhere Else (A Return)" - 6:39
Personnel
Vocals – Doug Hood
Bass, Vocals – Peter Gutteridge
Drums – Lyndsay Hooke
Drums, Vocals, Artwork [Cover]– Hamish Kilgour
Guitar, Liner Notes, Compiled By [Cd Booklet] – David Kilgour
Compiled By [Cd Booklet], Photography By [All Other Photographs] – Craig McNab
Photography By [Early Clean Photograph] – Terry Moore
Recorded By – Chris Knox (tracks: 1, 4 to 10, 12), The Clean (tracks: 1, 2, 4 to 12), Doug Hood (tracks: 1, 4 to 10, 12)
Written-By – Kilgour, Kilgour, Gutteridge (tracks: 5, 18), Scott (tracks: 1 to 4, 6 to 17)
References
The Clean albums
Flying Nun Records albums
Rough Trade Records albums
1986 compilation albums
Beam Breakers is a racing game released in 2002. It was published by JoWooD Productions and developed by Similis. The game takes place in the year 2173. It features flying cars in the city of New York.
Gameplay
The highways of New York City are teeming with illegal rush-hour grave-racers. Bad racers end up scraped off the side of skyscrapers while good ones build reputations that some would literally kill for. This is no pedestrian street race scene. It's a contest of minds where confidence, control and a taste for razor's-edge maneuvers separate the original gangsters of the skies from the wannabes and has-been.
Beam Breakers has five cities in 57-mission campaigns. The player has to dodge flying cars and avoid getting caught by the flying police cars. The game also has flying car races where the player races to the first place.
Reception
Beam Breakers received mixed reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. IGN said: "Beam Breakers does manage to create and admirably deliver an enormous, believable, and simply awesome sense of scale and liveliness." However, GameSpot said, "Beam Breakers starts off with a solid concept, but it doesn't quite deliver on it. Though the game does provide a few visceral thrills, it's hard to recommend it to anyone other than someone who is hungry enough for some futuristic racing to look past the game's mediocre production values."
References
External links
2002 video games
Racing video games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Cyberpunk video games
Video games developed in Germany
Science fiction racing games
JoWooD Entertainment games
Sahulana is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae erected by Toshiya Hirowatari in 1992. It is monotypic, containing only the species Sahulana scintillata, which was first described by Thomas Pennington Lucas in 1889. It is found on Torres Strait Island and in the Australian state of New South Wales. Larval food plants include Acacia , Alectryon and Cupaniopsis (flower buds).
References
External links
With images.
Polyommatini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
Puelén Department is a department of Argentina in La Pampa Province. The capital city of the department is Veinticinco de Mayo.
References
External links
Departments of La Pampa Province
Kalathodu is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Kalathodu is Ward 20 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.
See also
Thrissur
Thrissur District
List of Thrissur Corporation wards
References
Suburbs of Thrissur city
Gérard Marie Robert Bricogne (born October, 1949 in Aix-en-Provence, France) is a French biophysicist and crystallographer.
Education and career
Bricogne studied mathematics and chemistry at University of Nancy and graduated in 1972. He received his doctorate from University of Cambridge under David Mervyn Blow in 1975 and was then a Research Fellow at Trinity College, Cambridge until 1981, working in the group of Aaron Klug. During the period, he also visited Stephen C. Harrison's laboratory at Harvard University. From 1981 to 1983 he was an assistant professor at Columbia University and from 1983 he was research director of the CNRS at the LURE in Orsay and in the biology department of the CNRS.
Bricogne researches mathematical methods in crystallography and was involved in a revolution in using new methods to determine the structures of very large macromolecules in biology from X-ray diffraction data. In 1978 he was the first to determine the structure of a virus (the tobacco mosaic virus and the tomato bushy stunt virus) at the atomic level (with Aaron Klug and others).
He is Research Director of CNRS and Director and Founder (1996) of Global Phasing Ltd, a nonprofit company based in Cambridge, UK.
From 1993 to 1998 he was a visiting scientist at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge and in 1992 a visiting scientist at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. In 1992/93 he was a visiting professor at Uppsala University. In 1999 he became a corresponding member of the Académie des sciences in the mathematics section. In 1988 he became a member of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO), serving on its Scientific Council from 1985 to 1990.
Honors and awards
In 2005, he received an honorary doctorate from Uppsala University and in 2008, he received the Gregori Aminoff Prize from the Swedish Academy of Sciences. In 1994 he received the Dorothy Hodgkin Prize, in 1985 the Prix Grammaticakis-Neumann of the Académie des Sciences and in 1999 the Patterson Award of the American Crystallographic Association.
Bibliography
Maximum entropy and the foundations of direct methods, Acta Crystallographica, A 40, 1984, S. 410–445
Fourier transforms in crystallography: theory, algorithms and applications, in: International tables for crystallography, Vol. B, 1993. S. 23–106
The Bayesian statistical viewpoint on structure determination: basic concepts and examples, Meth. Enzymol., Vol. 276, 1997, S. 361–423
References
1949 births
Living people
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Crystallographers
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Uppsala University faculty
Columbia University faculty
French biophysicists
Nancy-Université alumni
People from Aix-en-Provence
Bently Spang (born 1960) is a Northern Cheyenne multidisciplinary artist, writer, and curator. His work has been exhibited widely in North America, South America, and Europe.
Biography
Spang is an enrolled member of the Tsitsistas/Suhtai (Northern Cheyenne) Nation in southeastern Montana and was born at the Crow-Northern Cheyenne Indian Hospital on the Crow Reservation located in Crow Agency, Montana in 1960. Spang grew up both on and off the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation, living in places such as Sitka, Alaska and Portland, Oregon. He graduated from Montana State University Billings and earned a Master of Fine Arts degree at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He taught at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston from 2007 to 2009 as a full-time Visiting Faculty Member in Video. The University of Wyoming's American Indian Study Program named Spang its "Eminent Artist in Residence" for the spring semester of 2014. During this time he taught a class on Native American art and held exhibitions at the university's art museum. Spang now works as an independent artist and has a studio in Billings, Montana.
Art works
Spang's early work included mixed media sculptures, often made out of metal, and installations. His later work focused on incorporating digital technologies such as film and photography. Spang drew inspiration for his work in mixed media from how his Cheyenne ancestors incorporated European materials into their artwork; he has stated, "There was this fearlessness about mediums that we don't really have today." Spang considers his art autobiographical, addressing his cultural identity as a Cheyenne living in a modern society and bridging the gap between these two worlds. Spang often adds humor to his works to help present these themes to his audience.
For example, in his sculpture Pevah (meaning "good" in Cheyenne), Spang used stone and wood to signify the Cheyenne part of him, and he used aluminum to signify the contemporary world. In constructing the project, he explained, "The metal binds the stone, the wood binds them both. I am bound by my culture; we are still here after all." Another one of Spang's sculptures is inspired by the Cheyenne tradition of adorning the fringe of war shirts with the hairs from the warrior's community. The fringe on Spang's War Shirt #1 is likewise composed of the photographic negatives of people he knows to show that he draws his strength from the community.
Spang collaborated with techno DJ Bert Benally to create the Techno Pow Wow, a mix of rave dance culture with into a traditional pow wow. This piece was inspired by the 1990s electronic music movement. Spang claimed that the energy and effortless dancing reminded him of the pow wows at the reservation. Spang performed as part of this piece as "The Blue Guy", the tribal chief figure of the future. Through the installation's mix of cultural music and dance, Spang hoped to showcase the similarities between Native American and modern culture. In his New American Relics: Redux 2 (2009), Spang satirized museums and anthropologists' depiction of indigenous America as a "lost culture" using irony. He designed a futuristic museum exhibit for the "vit-heut" (meaning "white man" in Northern Cheyenne) with "artifacts" molded from the plastic encasings of ordinary modern objects.
From February to March 2014, Spang presented his "Bently Spang: On Fire" exhibition at the University of Wyoming Art Museum, which told the story of the 2012 Ash Creek wildfire. In July 2017, Spang presented the video installation "War Shirt #6 – Waterways" as part of his Modern Warrior Series, at the Dry Creek Schoolhouse in Belgrade, Montana. The installation was a series of moving images within a steel war shirt conveying Spang's relationship with water.
Awards and recognition
In 2003, Spang won an Outstanding Alumni Award from MSU Billings for "Exceptional Contribution" and a Woodrow Wilson Foundation: Imagining America grant. The next year, he was awarded a Paul G. Allen Family Foundation Grant for his residency in conjunction with the Techno Powwow Project. Spang has also gained artist fellowships from the Creative Capital Foundation and the Joan Mitchell Foundation. He was one of the eight artists who received the 2017 Artist's Innovation Award from the Montana Arts Council.
References
External links
Bently Spang interview by Larry Abbott on Britesites
1960 births
Living people
Artists from Montana
Artists from Portland, Oregon
Cheyenne people
Montana State University Billings alumni
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Native American male artists
Native American filmmakers
Native American installation artists
People from Big Horn County, Montana
Writers from Billings, Montana
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Wyoming faculty
Michel Breistroff (February 5, 1971 – July 17, 1996) was a French professional ice hockey defenceman.
Breistroff was born in Roubaix, France. A graduate in anthropology from Harvard University, he died at 25 in the crash of TWA Flight 800 off Long Island, New York. He was playing professional ice hockey for French league team Gothiques d'Amiens at the time of his death. He also played with the France national team during the 1996 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships in Vienna.
As a passenger on TWA Flight 800, he was killed when the plane exploded shortly after takeoff in 1996. His then-fiancée, Heidi Snow, subsequently created AirCraft Casualty Emotional Support Services ("ACCESS"), an American nonprofit support group, based in New York City, which helps to survive family members of aircraft crash victims.
Playing career
1990–1995 NCAA- Harvard University
1995–1996 French League – Ducs d'Angers
References
External links
Necrology on Time.com
1971 births
1996 deaths
Sportspeople from Roubaix
Accidental deaths in New York (state)
Ducs d'Angers players
French ice hockey defencemen
Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey players
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1996
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
TWA Flight 800
The Open Air Theatre, Barra Hall Park, Hayes is a purpose-built outdoor theatre with concrete-step seating for up to 180 people. Originally built in 1951, the structure fell into disrepair and was rebuilt in steel in 2005.
Type
The Open Air Theatre in Barra Hall Park is a modern, steel-built structure. Four steel umbrellas simultaneously give protection to the stage and reflect sound towards the audience. The stage backdrop is made up of vertical sheets of steel. The indoor back-stage area has toilets and two small dressing rooms.
History
The original Open Air Theatre in Barra Hall Park, Hayes was built in 1951 as a community venue for music, theatre and dance. Over time, the structure fell into disrepair, and the local community raised funds for its reconstruction. The 2005 steel-rebuild was designed by architects Angela Brady (now president of the Royal Institute of British Architects) and Robin Mallalieu, whose aim for a theatre which would have sculptural and visual interest even when not in use produced a theatre with an abstract, enigmatic quality.
Standout productions include performances of Shakespeare's The Tempest (2004) and Hotbuckle Productions' 2015 adaptation of Jane Austen's Persuasion.
Transport
Buses
The 195 and H98 stop near Barra Hall Park on Church Road, and the U4 stops near the park at Barra Hall Circus. Hayes town centre is approximately 1 km away, with its many other regular bus services.
Train
The closest train station is Hayes & Harlington, which is a little over 1 km walk away.
Car
On-site parking is available. Street parking (Park and Pay) may be found on the surrounding roads near to the entrances.
References
External links
1960s view of Open Air Theatre, Barra Hall Park
Theatres in the London Borough of Hillingdon
MV Perth is a ferry that operates on the Swan River in Perth, Western Australia. Built in Fremantle in 1914, it is one of the oldest wooden boats still afloat in Western Australia.
History
In 1914, the keel of the SS Perth was laid down by AE Brown, Fremantle. Built out of Oregon and jarrah, its steam engine was built in Glasgow by McKie & Baxter. It was a doubled ended vessel with twin steering stations and twin propellers. It completed its maiden voyage from Barrack Street Jetty to Mends Street Jetty on 30 December 1914.
With a decline in patronage following the opening of the Narrows Bridge, it was become an excursion vessel. In 1971 it was converted to diesel power with an engine from Kelvin Diesels. The old steam engine was left aboard until 1987, when it was removed and donated to the Western Australian Museum.
It was withdrawn in 1982. After having its superstructure removed, in 1985 a rebuild at Marco's Slipway, Fremantle commenced. It was completed in November 1986 and leased to a private operator.
In 1998, it was modified by Ozco, Fremantle for use as a party boat. White pickets railings were added to resemble a paddle steamer. In 2007, it was sold to the WA Steamship Company.
References
Ferries of Western Australia
Ships built in Western Australia
1914 ships
Alice Panato (born 19 October 1999) is an Italian female canoeist who won two medals at senior level at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships.
Her father is the canoeing legend Vladi Panato, also her sister Cecilia is a canoeist, he is also their coach
Medals at the World Championships
Senior
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Italian female canoeists
Sportspeople from Verona
The Officer Education System (OES) is the progressive and sequential education and training process for officers in the United States Army that begins in the pre-commissioning phase and continues in schools through the basic entry level, advanced level, intermediate command and staff level, and senior level. The OES offer the following educational opportunities:
Basic Officer Leader Course: A two-phased program of pre-appointment/pre-commissioning and initial entry training which develops junior officers into leaders who are competent, confident, imbued with the Warrior Ethos, and who are grounded in field craft, proficient in branch skills, and capable of leading small units.
Warrant Officer Advanced Course: A course that provides leader, tactical, and technical training needed by warrant officers to serve in company and higher-level positions.
Captains Career Course: This course prepares company grade officers to successfully command at the company level and serve effectively in staff positions at the battalion and brigade level.
Warrant Officer Staff Course: A course that focuses on the staff officer and leadership skills needed to serve in the grade of Chief Warrant Officer (CWO) at battalion and higher levels.
Intermediate Level Education: This school replaced the Command and General Staff Officer Course and ensures majors are better prepared for full-spectrum operations in Joint, interagency, and multinational environments.
School of Advanced Military Studies: Educates officers at the graduate level in military art and science to develop commanders and general staff officers who can solve complex military problems in peace and war. The focus of this school is on planning and executing full-spectrum operations in Joint, multinational, and interagency contexts.
School for Command Preparation: Provides focused leader development opportunities for incoming brigade and battalion commanders and command sergeants major.
Warrant Officer Senior Staff Course: Designed to produce warrant officers with the broader Army perspective required for assignment to CW5 level positions as technical, functional and branch systems integrators and trainers at the highest organizational levels.
Senior Service College: Prepares selected senior Army officers and Civilians, and international leaders for the responsibilities of strategic leadership.
References
Military education and training in the United States
Latin Playboys was a musical group formed by David Hidalgo, Louie Pérez, Mitchell Froom and Tchad Blake, active in the 1990s.
History
The band began with a series of demo recordings made by Hidalgo on a home cassette tape four-track machine. The demos were intended for Hidalgo's main group, Los Lobos, but producer/keyboardist Mitchell Froom thought the demos were interesting enough on their own to justify a new side-project. With Los Lobos member Louie Pérez, and Froom's frequent production partner Tchad Blake, Latin Playboys was officially formed.
The group released two albums, Latin Playboys, in 1994, and Dose, in 1999. The songs "Manifold de Amour" and "Forever Night Shade Mary," both from the 1994 self-titled debut album, are featured on the soundtrack album for the 1995 film Desperado.
In 1999 the band performed in Toronto at Lee's Palace.
Critic Richie Unterberger described their music as "a twisted and avant-garde take on roots music."
An acoustic version of "Crayon Sun" was recorded by Pérez and Hidalgo for the 2020 Netflix documentary The Trials of Gabriel Fernandez.
Discography
Latin Playboys (Self Titled), 1994
Track listing
"Viva la raza" 2:48
"Ten Believers" 3:17
"Chinese Surprize" 3:07
"Mira!" 1:25
"Manifold de Amour" 2:02
"New Zandu" 3:13
"Rudy's Party" 2:31
"If" 1:41
"Same Brown Earth" 3:45
"Lagoon" 2:28
"Gone" 2:52
"Crayon Sun" 3:09
"Pink Steps" 2:06
"Forever Night Shade Mary" 3:04
Dose, 1999
Track listing
"Fiesta Erotica" 3:09
"Cuca's Blues" 3:14
"Ironsides" 1:46
"Mustard" 3:28
"Nubian Priestess" 1:59
"Dose" 2:33
"Latin Trip" 2:58
"Tormenta Blvd." 2:08
"Lemon 'n Ice" 3:50
"Locoman" (LP version) 2:48
"Toro" (LP version) 0:38
"Paletero" (LP version) 3:13
"Paula y Fred" (LP version) 3:06
References
External links
Latin Playboys Homepage
American folk rock groups
Máel Ísu Ua Máel Chiaráin (some sources Maelisa O'Mulkerin) was a bishop in Ireland during the 12th century: he was Bishop of Clogher from 1193 to 1197.
References
12th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1197 deaths
Two star, two stars and similar may refer to:
A grading of a hotel, restaurant, film, etc. in a star (classification) scheme
Two-star petrol, a class of Leaded petrol formerly sold in the UK
Two-star rank, a senior military rank
Two-Handed Trans-Atlantic Race (TwoSTAR)
Astronomy
Double star
Binary star
Arts and entertainment
Les deux étoiles Théophile Gautier 1848
2 stars (song), performed by Meaghan Martin for the TV movie "Camp Rock"
The Two Stars (ballet), first performed 1870 in Russia
See also
STAR-2, Orbital Sciences Corp satellite bus model
For other numbers of stars, see :Category:Star ranking systems
Utah was admitted to the Union on January 4, 1896, and it popularly elects U.S. senators to Class 1 and Class 3, despite the Utah State Legislature's rejection of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution when it was passed in 1913. Its current Senators are Republicans Mike Lee and Mitt Romney. Orrin Hatch was Utah's longest-serving senator (1977–2019).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| January 4, 1896 –January 22, 1896
| Utah elected its senators 18 days after statehood.
| rowspan=3 | 1
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=2 | 1
| Utah elected its senators 18 days after statehood.
| January 4, 1896 –January 22, 1896
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 align=left | Frank J. Cannon
| | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | January 22, 1896 –March 3, 1899
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1896.
| Elected in 1896.Retired.
| nowrap | January 22, 1896 –March 3, 1897
| | Republican
| align=right | Arthur Brown
! 1
|- style="height:2em"
| | SilverRepublican
|
| rowspan=4 | 2
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1897.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 4, 1897 –March 3, 1903
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
| rowspan=4 align=right | Joseph L. Rawlins
! rowspan=4 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 4, 1899 –January 23, 1901
| Legislature failed to elect. Cannon and Alfred W. McCune were the frontrunners.
| rowspan=4 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 align=left | Thomas Kearns
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 23, 1901 –March 3, 1905
| rowspan=3 | Elected late in 1901.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1903.
| rowspan=15 nowrap | March 4, 1903 –March 3, 1933
| rowspan=15 | Republican
| rowspan=15 align=right | Reed Smoot
! rowspan=15 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 3
| rowspan=6 align=left | George Sutherland
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1905 –March 3, 1917
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 18, 1905.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 19, 1909.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 17, 1911.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1914.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=12 | 4
| rowspan=12 align=left | William H. King
| rowspan=12 | Democratic
| rowspan=12 nowrap | March 4, 1917 –January 3, 1941
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1916.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1920.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1922.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1926.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1928.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1932.
| rowspan=9 nowrap | March 4, 1933 –January 3, 1951
| rowspan=9 | Democratic
| rowspan=9 align=right | Elbert D. Thomas
! rowspan=9 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1934.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1938.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 align=left | Abe Murdock
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1941 –January 3, 1947
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1940.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1944.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 6
| rowspan=6 align=left | Arthur V. Watkins
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1947 –January 3, 1959
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1946.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1950.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 3, 1951 –December 20, 1974
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 align=right | Wallace F. Bennett
! rowspan=12 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1952.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1956.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=10 | 7
| rowspan=10 align=left | Frank E. Moss
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 nowrap | January 3, 1959 –January 3, 1977
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1958.
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1964.
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1968.Retired, and resigned early to give successor preferential seniority.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1970.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=4 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to finish Bennett's term, having already been elected to the next term.
| rowspan=10 nowrap | December 21, 1974 –January 3, 1993
| rowspan=10 | Republican
| rowspan=10 align=right | Jake Garn
! rowspan=10 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1974.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=21 | 8
| rowspan=21 align=left | Orrin Hatch
| rowspan=21 | Republican
| rowspan=21 nowrap | January 3, 1977 –January 3, 2019
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1976.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1980.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1982.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1986.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1988.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1992.
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1993 –January 3, 2011
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 align=right | Bob Bennett
! rowspan=9 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1994.
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2000.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.Lost renomination.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2006.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2010.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 2011 –Present
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Mike Lee
! rowspan=6 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2012.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 align=left | Mitt Romney
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2019 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2018.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=2 | 23
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election.
| 23
|
Living former senators
, there is one living former U.S. senator from Utah. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Orrin Hatch (served 1977–2019) on April 23, 2022.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Excludes incumbent Romney
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
References
See also
United States congressional delegations from Utah
List of United States representatives from Utah
United States Senators
Utah
Maple Creek is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, centered on the town of Maple Creek. This district was one of 25 created for the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. It was dissolved and merged with part of the Shaunavon riding before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995 to form the constituency of Cypress Hills.
A federal electoral district in the same area existed from 1914 to 1953.
Members of the Legislative Assembly
Election results
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Provincial Rights
|David James Wylie
|align="right"|555
|align="right"|55.78%
|align="right"|–
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|995
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Provincial Rights
|David James Wylie
|align="right"|613
|align="right"|66.78%
|align="right"|+11.00
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|918
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Conservative
|David James Wylie
|align="right"|669
|align="right"|57.62%
|align="right"|-9.16
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|1,161
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|Conservative
|David James Wylie
|align="right"|1,944
|align="right"|46.59%
|align="right"|-11.03
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|4,173
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|Independent
|David Stuart Horne
|align="right"|1,279
|align="right"|40.11%
|align="right"|–
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,189
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|Acclamation
!align="right"|
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|1,978
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|Independent
|David Stuart Horne
|align="right"|1,859
|align="right"|46.91%
|align="right"|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,963
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|Conservative
|James McDougald
|align="right"|1,784
|align="right"|29.55%
|align="right"|-
|Farmer-Labour
|Jacob James Hubening
|align="right"|1,140
|align="right"|18.88%
|align="right"|–
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,038
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,756
!align="right"|100.00%
|-
|style="width: 130px"|CCF
|Beatrice Trew
|align="right"|3,656
|align="right"|49.15%
|align="right"|-
|Prog. Conservative
|George C. Stewart
|align="right"|911
|align="right"|12.24%
|align="right"|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,439
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|CCF
|Beatrice Trew
|align="right"|2,590
|align="right"|32.37%
|align="right"|-16.78
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|8,001
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|CCF
|Walter Melrose
|align="right"|3,291
|align="right"|47.27%
|align="right"|+14.90
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,962
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|CCF
|Les G. Benjamin
|align="right"|2,511
|align="right"|33.16%
|align="right"|-14.11
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,572
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|CCF
|Les G. Benjamin
|align="right"|2,360
|align="right"|33.02%
|align="right"|-0.14
|Progressive Conservative
|Marlyn K. Clary
|align="right"|700
|align="right"|9.80%
|align="right"|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,146
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|CCF
|William P. Rolick
|align="right"|2,424
|align="right"|35.70%
|align="right"|+2.68
|Progressive Conservative
|Marlyn K. Clary
|align="right"|1,389
|align="right"|20.46%
|align="right"|+10.66
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,790
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|NDP
|Ernie Howes
|align="right"|1,901
|align="right"|34.32%
|align="right"|-1.38
|Progressive Conservative
|Marlyn K. Clary
|align="right"|955
|align="right"|17.24%
|align="right"|-3.22
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|5,539
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|style="width: 130px"|NDP
|Gene Flasch
|align="right"|2,858
|align="right"|47.84%
|align="right"|+13.52
|Progressive Conservative
|Marlyn K. Clary
|align="right"|704
|align="right"|11.78%
|align="right"|-5.46
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|5,974
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|Progressive Conservative
|Eric Richardson
|align="right"|2,241
|align="right"|31.25%
|align="right"|+19.47
|NDP
|Gene Flasch
|align="right"|2,232
|align="right"|31.13%
|align="right"|-16.71
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,171
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Progressive Conservative
|Joan Duncan
|align="right"|3,496
|align="right"|48.80%
|align="right"|+17.55
|NDP
|Norman Arndt
|align="right"|2,327
|align="right"|32.48%
|align="right"|+1.35
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,164
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Progressive Conservative
|Joan Duncan
|align="right"|4,228
|align="right"|55.53%
|align="right"|+6.73
|NDP
|J.R. Porter
|align="right"|2,158
|align="right"|28.34%
|align="right"|-4.14
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,614
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Progressive Conservative
|Joan Duncan
|align="right"|4,199
|align="right"|60.87%
|align="right"|+5.34
|NDP
|Barry Elderkin
|align="right"|2,185
|align="right"|31.68%
|align="right"|+3.34
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,898
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Prog. Conservative
|Jack Goohsen
|align="right"|2,627
|align="right"|40.55%
|align="right"|-20.32
|NDP
|Bryan Oster
|align="right"|1,987
|align="right"|30.67%
|align="right"|-1.01
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,479
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
See also
Maple Creek – Northwest Territories territorial electoral district (1870–1905).
Electoral district (Canada)
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
List of Saskatchewan general elections
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
Maple Creek, Saskatchewan
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Saskatchewan Election Results By Electoral Division
Former provincial electoral districts of Saskatchewan
