Kim Jin-tae () can refer to:
Kim Jin-tae (actor), South Korean actor
Kim Jin-tae (athlete) (born 1964), South Korean athlete
Kim Jin-tae (politician) (born 1964), South Korean politician
Kim Jin-tae (water polo) (born 1968), South Korean water polo player
Carrefour Market is a French supermarket chain created in 2007, owned by the international retail group Carrefour, and has currently stores in France and several other countries, see below.
Carrefour Market stores generally range from 1000 m² to 4000 m².
History
Carrefour Market was created in 2007, to eventually replace the older supermarkets of the Carrefour Group like Champion (Internationally), GB Supermarkets (Belgium) and GS (Italy).
Since 2011, the Carrefour group had decided to deploy Carrefour Market supermarkets internationally.
Carrefour Market around the world
In Belgium, all Carrefour GB and remaining Champion (Wallonia) supermarkets will eventually become a Carrefour Market. As of April 2013, there are 354 Carrefour Market stores, for more info see GB Group and GIB Group.
In Egypt, the Carrefour Group has 5 Carrefour Market stores in the country.
In Italy, the first Carrefour Market has opened in November 2008.
In Malaysia, the first Carrefour Market store was opened in November 2009. All supermarkets were removed as of 2013.
In Morocco, from 30 July 2011, all Label'Vie supermarkets will become Carrefour Market-Label'Vie.
In Romania, as of 16 September 2014, there are 81 Carrefour Market stores.
In Spain, the first Carrefour Express supermarkets were all rebranded and became Carrefour Market in 2011.
In Taiwan, , the first Carrefour Market has opened in July 2009. Wellcome was acquired and merged into Carrefour Market in 2020.
In Tunisia, all Champion stores became a Carrefour Market.
In Turkey, from 2010 several supermarkets became Carrefour Market stores.
In Brazil, from 2017, Carrefour Market was launched in São Paulo as a convenience grocery store chain - similar to Carrefour Contact in France - since there already was the Carrefour Bairro supermarket chain.
In Kuwait, all Géant easy Supermarkets were acquired by Majid Al Futtaim Group operated Carrefour in 2017 and were rebranded as Carrefour Market. Currently, 6 Carrefour Market stores are present in Kuwait.
In the UAE, Carrefour Market operates across several regions. The Majid Al Futtaim Group operated Carrefour chain acquired 13 Géant easy stores and rebranded the stores as Carrefour Market.
In Georgia, the Carrefour Group has Carrefour Market stores in the country.
In Kenya, Carrefour, operated by Majid Al Futtaim Group in Kenya announced The Village Market store will be Carrefour's sixth store and first Carrefour Market in Kenya.
See also
Champion
Carrefour
GB Supermarkets
References
Carrefour
Supermarkets of France
Supermarkets of Romania
Supermarkets of Taiwan
Retail companies established in 2007
Weissberg is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Alexander Weissberg-Cybulski, Polish-Austrian physicist
Eric Weissberg, American musician
Isaac Jacob Weissberg (1841–1904), Hebrew writer
Leib Weissberg, Polish rabbi
Peter Weissberg, British physician
Robert Weissberg, American political scientist
Roger Weissberg, American psychologist
Drossel Weissberg, a fictional character from Atelier Firis: The Alchemist and the Mysterious Journey
See also
Yuliya Veysberg, Russian music critic
Ashkenazi surnames
German toponymic surnames
The women's 100 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 29 and 30 August 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
30 August
Wind: 0.0 m/s
Semi-finals
30 August
Semi-final 1
Wind: -1.1 m/s
Semi-final 2
Wind: -1.5 m/s
Heats
29 August
Heat 1
Wind: 0 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: 0 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: 0 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 23 athletes from 14 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(2)
References
100 metres
100 metres at the European Athletics Championships
1978 in women's athletics
Nelson Delle-Vigne Fabbri (born in 1949) is an Italian classical pianist and pedagogue.
Biography
Born in Argentina, after studying the piano with Magda Tagliaferro, György Cziffra and Claudio Arrau, Delle-Vigne Fabbri embarks on a career of concertist and pedagogue. He teaches at the École Normale de Musique de Paris (Alfred Cortot), the Queen Elisabeth Music Chapel and gives master classes in South Korea, Spain, the United States, France, Greece, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal and Switzerland. He is also co-founder, artistic director and general coordinator of the International Certificate for Piano Artists, high level educational program chaired by Philippe Entremont and co-organized by the École Normale de Musique de Paris and the music faculty of the University of Florida. Delle-Vigne Fabbri is also artistic director of the Bell'Arte Foundation of Braine-l'Alleud in Belgium. During his brilliant career as a virtuoso pianist, Delle-Vigne Fabbri has premiered numerous works by European, American and South American composers. Among This is "Symbiosis" by Didier Van Damme.
References
External links
Discography (Discogs)
Website of the Bell'Arte Foundation
Nelson Delle-Vigne Fabbri (AllMusic)
Italian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Italian male pianists
Italian music educators
Academics of the École Normale de Musique de Paris
1949 births
Living people
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century Italian male musicians
The John Monash Science School is a government-funded co-educational academically selective and specialist secondary day school, located on the campus of Monash University, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The school specialises in science and technologies and is the state's first specialist science secondary school. A joint venture between the Government of Victoria and Monash University, the school opened in 2009 with one Year 10 class; and as of 2010 it was running at its full capacity of approximately 660 students. The school is named in honour of Sir John Monash.
Overview
It is one of three recently built selective high schools in Victoria alongside Suzanne Cory High School and Nossal High School. The addition of these schools are the result of a policy of expansion, and doubles the number of fully selective government schools in Victoria. Prior to these schools, Mac.Robertson Girls' High School, Melbourne High School and the Victorian College of the Arts Secondary School were the sole selective entry schools in Victoria. John Monash Science School has an interview process alongside an entrance examination for admittance.
More than 1000 students apply annually for the 200 places offered by John Monash Science School.
A variety of elective subjects are offered in Year 10 at John Monash Science School which cover nanotechnology, marine biology, biomedicine, geology (Our Dynamic Earth), bioinformatics, astrophysics, Pharmaceutical Sciences and Materials Science. Year 10 students also do a year-long project named EEI (Extended Experimental Investigation), this results in a presentation at the John Monash Science School Science Fair.
John Monash Science School was ranked 7th out of all state secondary schools in Victoria based on VCE results in 2019.
House system
The student body is divided into four houses:
Flannery (green, house mascot a griffin)
Blackburn (purple, house mascot a phoenix)
Wood (grey, house mascot a wolf)
Doherty (blue, house mascot a dragon)
Each house is named after an accomplished Australian scientist: Tim Flannery, Elizabeth Blackburn, Fiona Wood, and Peter Doherty respectively.
NBN Virtual School of Emerging Sciences
On 13 February 2013, the NBN Virtual School of Emerging Sciences (NVSES) was launched in a coalition effort between John Monash Science School, Monash University, and Pearson Education. Utilizing the Australian government's National Broadband Network's (NBN) educational facilities, lessons are taught by JMSS staff and Monash University scientists via internet to schools all around Australia. Two subjects are currently offered: astrophysics (which leads on to quantum physics) and nanoscience (leading on to nanotechnology).
See also
List of schools in Victoria
Monash Tech School
References
External links
Dept. of Education website
NBN Virtual School of Emerging Sciences official website
Public high schools in Melbourne
Selective schools in Victoria (Australia)
Educational institutions established in 2010
2010 establishments in Australia
Monash University
Henry Louis Smith (1859–1951) was the ninth president of Davidson College and the first president to not be an ordained Presbyterian minister.
Originally from Greensboro, North Carolina, Smith graduated from Davidson in 1881 but returned as a professor of physics before becoming president in 1901. It was during his time as a professor that Smith and a group of students created one of the first x-ray images in America.
During his administration, Smith led the construction of many infrastructure projects, including the establishment of the first electric light plant in town and the construction of several dormitories and academic buildings.
Smith left Davidson in 1912 to become president of Washington and Lee University and in 1929 would eventually retire in Greensboro, North Carolina.
References
External links
Information about the x-ray photograph
Davidson College alumni
Davidson College faculty
Washington and Lee University faculty
People from Greensboro, North Carolina
Presidents of Davidson College
1859 births
1951 deaths
Omicron Delta Kappa founders
Bjarne Lennart "Ödeshögarn" Andersson (28 April 1940 – 11 August 2004) was a Swedish cross-country skier who won a 4 × 10 km relay silver medal at the 1968 Winter Olympics; he finished sixth in the individual 15 km race.
Andersson did his military service in the cavalry in Umeå. He was a Swedish 15 km champion in 1968, and won six national skiing titles in the 3 × 10 km relay between 1966 and 1973. He also won three individual and one team titles in cross-country running. During that time he worked at a petrol station in Mora and was clearing the forest nearby. Later he became a shoe specialist and developed a ski boot model that was named after him. After that he ran his own sports shop specializing in equipment for cross-country skiing and running. In addition, between 1976 and 1980 he coached the national ski team, and in 1983–87 worked as a sports commentator on television. He continued competing in the masters category, and won three world titles in 1997.
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic Games
1 medal – (1 silver)
World Championships
References
1940 births
2004 deaths
People from Motala Municipality
Cross-country skiers from Östergötland County
Swedish male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic cross-country skiers of Sweden
Olympic silver medalists for Sweden
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Lorenco Metaj (born 16 September 1994 in Fier) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Oriku in the Albanian First Division.
References
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Vlorë
Association football defenders
Albanian footballers
Flamurtari Vlorë players
KF Himara players
KF Bylis Ballsh players
KF Oriku players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Mustapha Raifak (born 9 September 1975 in Montreuil) is a French high jumper.
He finished seventh at the 2006 World Cup. He also competed at the 1997 World Championships and the 2006 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final round.
His personal best jump is 2.28 metres, achieved in July 1997 in Toulouse.
Competition record
References
1975 births
Living people
French male high jumpers
Sportspeople from Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis
Athletes (track and field) at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for France
Castera Bazile (7 October 1923 – 27 February 1966) was a Haitian painter. Born in Jacmel, Bazile painted several murals in the Holy Trinity Cathedral in Port-au-Prince. He won the grand prize at the Caribbean International Competition in 1955.
Bazile died of tuberculosis in 1966 in Port-au-Prince, age 42.
References
1923 births
1966 deaths
People from Jacmel
20th-century Haitian painters
20th-century Haitian male artists
Haitian male painters
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Tuberculosis deaths in Haiti
Flinton is a rural town and locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Flinton had a population of 42 people.
Geography
The Moonie River flows through Flinton from east (Westmar) to west (St George); the town of Flinton is located just to the north of the river.
The Moonie Highway passes through Flinton from east (Westmar) to south-west; the town is located north of the highway on Flinton Road.
The Ula Ula State Forest is in the southern part of Flinton. Apart from this, the land is used for a mixture of crop growing and grazing on native vegetation.
History
Flinton appears on a survey plan from 20 Sept 1916.
Flinton Provisional School opened on 26 June 1929 and closed in 1935.
In the , Flinton had a population of 42 people.
Education
There are no schools in Flinton. The nearest primary schools are Westmar State School in neighbouring Westmar to the east and Teelba State School in neighbouring Teelba to the north-west. The nearest secondary school is St George State High School in neighbouring St George to the south-west, but it is sufficiently far away that distance education or boarding school would be other options.
Attractions
The Flinton Race Club hold horse-racing events at the Flinton Racecourse on Grills Road ().
References
External links
Towns in Queensland
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
The Dover Post is a weekly newspaper and online website published in Dover, Delaware.
The parent company of The Dover Post is GateHouse Media, a U.S. newspaper publisher, headquartered in Fairport, New York, that publishes 97 dailies in 20 states and 198 paid weeklies, in addition to free papers, shoppers and specialty and niche publications. GateHouse Media bought The Dover Post from Jim Flood, Sr. in 2008.
Dover, Delaware
Newspapers established in 1975
Weekly newspapers published in the United States
Newspapers published in Delaware
1975 establishments in Delaware
Reinbolt Hills () is a group of rocky hills, low to moderate in height and about 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, situated 9 nautical miles (17 km) east of Gillock Island at the eastern margin of the Amery Ice Shelf. Delineated in 1952 by John H. Roscoe from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47), and named by him for Lieutenant Fred L. Reinbolt, U.S. Navy, co-pilot on Operation Highjump photographic flights over this area.
Hills of Mac. Robertson Land
Ingrid Christensen Coast
Çıralar is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 12 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Achyronas Liopetriou is a Cypriot football club based in Liopetri. Founded in 1956, the club has played in the Cypriot Second, Third, and Fourth Divisions.
Current squad
For recent transfers, see List of Cypriot football transfers summer 2021.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (1): 2020
Cypriot Fourth Division:
Champions (3): 1987, 1991, 2007
References
Football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1960
1960 establishments in Cyprus
PET radiotracer is a type of radioligand that is used for the diagnostic purposes via positron emission tomography imaging technique.
Mechanism
PET is a functional imaging technique that produces a three-dimensional image of functional processes in the body. The system detects pairs of gamma rays emitted indirectly by a positron-emitting radionuclide (tracer), which is introduced into the body on a biologically active molecule.
Pharmacology
In in vivo systems it is often used to quantify the binding of a test molecule to the binding site of radioligand. The higher the affinity of the molecule the more radioligand is displaced from the binding site and the increasing radioactive decay can be measured by scintillography. This assay is commonly used to calculate binding constant of molecules to receptors. Due to the probable injuries of PET-radiotracers, they could not be administrated in the normal doses of the medications. Therefore, the binding affinity (PKD) of the PET-tracers must be high. In addition, since via the PET imaging technique is desired to investigate a function accurately, the selectivity of bindings to the specific targets is very important.
See also
Medicinal radiocompounds
List of PET radiotracers
Positron emission tomography
Medicinal radiochemistry
Radioligand
References
Positron emission tomography
Neuroimaging
Nuclear medicine
Radiopharmaceuticals
Medicinal radiochemistry
Chemicals in medicine
Sevier County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 17,058. The county seat is De Queen. Sevier County is Arkansas's 16th county, formed on October 17, 1828, and named for Ambrose Sevier, U.S. Senator from Arkansas. On November 3, 2020, voters in Sevier County, AR approved alcohol sales by a vote of 3,499 (67.31 percent) to 1,699 (32.69 percent).
History
Sevier County was organized on October 17, 1828, under legislative authority. It was formed from Hempstead and Miller Counties. Five days later on October 22, 1828, the legislature expanded the county's border, incorporating more land south of the Red River. Hempstead, Miller and Crawford Counties as well as the Choctaw Nation in Indian Territory bound Sevier County. The establishment of Sevier County became effective on November 1, 1828.
The county seat has undergone several changes since Sevier County was organized. The first county seat was Paraclifta. In 1871, the Lockes donated of land. As a result, the county seat was moved to Lockesburg. In 1905, the county seat was again moved to De Queen. Sevier County is known as "The Land of Lakes", "The Land of Fruits and Flowers" and "The Home of Friendly People". The county has five lakes within a radius, five rivers and mountain streams and forests.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.8%) is water.
Notable people
Current or former residents of Sevier County include:
Collin Raye, country music singer.
Wes Watkins, U.S.Congressman (Republican- Oklahoma) lived for a time in De Queen as a child.
Major highways
Future Interstate 49
U.S. Highway 59
U.S. Highway 70
U.S. Highway 71
U.S. Highway 371
Highway 24
Highway 27
Highway 41
Adjacent counties
Polk County (north)
Howard County (east)
Hempstead County (southeast)
Little River County (south)
McCurtain County, Oklahoma (west)
National protected area
Pond Creek National Wildlife Refuge
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 15,839 people, 5,885 households, and 4,279 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 15,757 people, 5,708 households, and 4,223 families residing in the county. The population density was 28 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 6,434 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 79.61% White, 4.94% Black or African American, 1.82% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 11.84% from other races, and 1.61% from two or more races. 19.72% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 17.32% reported speaking Spanish at home.
There were 5,708 households, out of which 36.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.30% were married couples living together, 10.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.00% were non-families. 22.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.19.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.20% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 21.30% from 45 to 64, and 13.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 99.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,144, and the median income for a family was $34,560. Males had a median income of $25,709 versus $17,666 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,122. About 14.40% of families and 19.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.90% of those under age 18 and 14.20% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles, Sevier County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Arkansas native Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
De Queen (county seat)
Horatio
Lockesburg
Towns
Ben Lomond
Gillham
Townships
Bear Creek (contains most of De Queen)
Ben Lomond (contains Ben Lomond)
Buckhorn
Clear Creek (contains Horatio)
Jefferson
Mill Creek
Mineral (contains Gillham)
Monroe (contains small part of De Queen)
Paraclifta
Red Colony (contains Lockesburg)
Saline
Washington
Source:
See also
List of lakes in Sevier County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sevier County, Arkansas
References
External links
Sevier County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1828 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1828
Anne Campbell (born 6 April 1940) is an English Labour Party politician. She was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Cambridge from 1992 to 2005.
Early life
She studied at Newnham College, Cambridge, taking the Maths Tripos, and gaining an MA in 1965.
Before she became an MP she was a councillor on Cambridgeshire County Council from 1985–9. She was a secondary school mathematics teacher in Cambridgeshire, a lecturer in Statistics at Cambridge College of Arts and Technology (became Anglia Higher Education College in 1989) from 1970 to 1983, and head of Statistics and Data Processing at the National Institute of Agricultural Botany from 1983 to 1992.
Parliamentary career
She was first elected in the 1992 general election. Under threat of deselection, in 2003 she resigned as Patricia Hewitt's PPS to vote against the Iraq War, having previously voted to support the Government's policy on 26 February. She lost her seat at the 2005 general election to David Howarth of the Liberal Democrats. Campbell's defeat was in part attributed to her perceived indecisiveness over the government's university top-up fee programme: she abstained on the second reading of the bill, then voted with the government on the third reading, despite a public promise that she would oppose the scheme. Campbell was described as a "loyal Blairite" in the national press.
In 2008, Campbell was portrayed by Harriet Walter in 10 Days to War, a BBC television dramatisation of the events leading up to the Iraq war.
Subsequent career
Campbell is (2014) Chair of Governors at Parkside Federation Academy and a governor at UTC University Technical College Cambridge She became Chair of the Fabian Society for 2008.
Personal life
Campbell is a vegetarian. She was often seen riding her bike around the Cambridge constituency and was the first MP to run a website. In 1963 she married Archibald Campbell, a Cambridge University engineering professor and Fellow of Christ's College, who died on 21 November 2019. They had a son and two daughters.
References
External links
They Work For You
1940 births
Living people
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Members of Cambridgeshire County Council
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People educated at Penistone Grammar School
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
20th-century English women politicians
20th-century English politicians
21st-century English women politicians
21st-century English politicians
Chairs of the Fabian Society
Women councillors in England
Alex Kid may refer to:
Alex da Kid (born 1982), British hip hop music producer
Alex Kidd, a Sega video game character
Kid Alex, a stage name of Boys Noize, a German electronic music producer and DJ
Surgujia is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Chhattisgarh. It belongs to the Eastern Hindi subgroup.
Speakers
Surgujia is primarily spoken in Surguja, Jashpur, and Koriya districts of Chhattisgarh; and to a lesser extent in Raigarh and Korba.
Speakers of Surgujia have often been conflated with those of Chhattisgarhi. Furthermore, as is the case with many Hindi languages and other regional languages, Surgujia has often been subsumed under the all-encompassing bracket of Standard Hindi due to erroneous, arbitrary or politically-motivated categorisation.
Classification
It was previously regarded by many as a dialect of Chhattisgarhi, and was designated as such by the linguist George A. Grierson in his comprehensive Linguistic Survey of India. Indeed, Surgujia possesses a lexical similarity of 71%-76% with Chhattisgarhi, according to Ethnologue. In recent times, however, Surgujia has come to be recognised as a distinct dialect.
References
Indo-Aryan languages
Languages of India
The 2004 Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament of Hearts was held Jan. 22–27 in at the Cornwall Curling Club in Cornwall, Prince Edward Island. The winning team was Team Suzanne Gaudet who represented Prince Edward Island, finished with a 2-9 round-robin record at the 2004 Scott Tournament of Hearts in Red Deer, Alberta.
Teams
Draw 1
January 22, Time TBA AT
Draw 2
January 23, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 3
January 24, 2:00 PM AT
A Side Final
January 24, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 4
January 24, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 5
January 25, 2:00 PM AT
B Side Final
January 25, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 6
January 25, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 7
January 26, 2:00 PM AT
C Side Final
January 26, 7:00 PM AT
Playoffs
Semi Final
January 27, 2:00 PM AT
Final
January 26, 7:00 PM AT
References
Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament Of Hearts, 2004
2004 in Prince Edward Island
Curling in Prince Edward Island
Buda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References
Buda
Christine Ongare (born 26 November 1993) is a Kenyan boxer competing in the featherweight division. She represented Kenya at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia winning a bronze medal thus making her the first Kenyan woman to win a Commonwealth Games medal in boxing.
Career
Christine Ongare participated in football and acrobatics before taking up boxing in 2011 in Kenya's Kariobangi Estate
Christine Ongare competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia. She was seeded for the featherweight tournament and lost to Northern Ireland's Carly McNaul. As of February 2020, she had qualified to represent Kenya at the since postponed 2020 Summer Olympics after beating Uganda's Catherine Nanziri at the 2020 African Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament in Dakar, Senegal.
Personal life
Born to a single mother in Eastlands, Nairobi, Ongare herself became a mother at 12 years of age.
Appearances and honours
2012 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championships
2014 Commonwealth Games, Glasgow, Scotland
2018 Commonwealth Games, Gold Coast, Australia
2019 Africa Games, Morocco
2020 African Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament, Dakar, Senegal
References
Living people
1993 births
Kenyan women boxers
Boxers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Boxers at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Boxers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Featherweight boxers
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Kenya
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Boxers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Kenya
Loriyan Tangai is an archaeological site in the Gandhara area of Pakistan, consisting of many stupas and religious buildings where many Buddhist statues were discovered.
The stupas were excavated by Alexander Caddy in 1896, and the many statues of the site sent to the Indian Museum of Calcutta.
Buddha "of the year 318"
One of the statues of the Buddha from Loriyan Tangai has an inscription mentioning "the year 318". The era in question is not specified, but it is now thought, following the discovery of the Bajaur reliquary inscription, that it is about the Yavana era beginning in 174 BCE, and gives a date for the Buddha statue of about 143 CE.
The inscription at the base of the statue is:
This would make it one of the earliest known representations of the Buddha, after the Bimaran casket (1st century CE), and at about the same time as the Buddhist coins of Kanishka.
The two devotees on the right side of the pedestal are in Indo-Scythian suit (loose trousers, tunic, and hood). Their characteristic trousers appear clearly on close-up pictures. The statue is now in Indian Museum of Calcutta.
Another statue of Buddha, the Buddha of Hashtnagar, is inscribed from the year 384, which is thought to be 209 CE. Only the pedestal is preserved in the British Museum, the statue itself, with folds of clothing having more relief than those of the Loriyan Tangai Buddha, having disappeared.
Gallery
References
Gandhara
is a 1993 side-scrolling beat 'em up arcade video game developed and published by Toaplan in Japan, as well as North America and Europe by Atari Games. It is notable for being one of the few titles by Toaplan that has not received any official port to home consoles as of date.
In the game, players assume the role of professional wrestlers fighting against the Mad Bull Group organization to protect wrestling from corruption. Knuckle Bash was created by most of the same staff that previously worked on several projects at Toaplan and who would later go on to work at one of its offshoots after the company declared bankruptcy in 1994. The team were originally commissioned on making a fighting game similar to Capcom's Street Fighter II: The World Warrior but the project deviated from its original plan and became a beat 'em up title instead. As of 2019, the rights to the title are owned by Tatsujin, a company founded in 2017 by former Toaplan member Masahiro Yuge and now-affiliate of Japanese arcade manufacturer exA-Arcadia alongside many other Toaplan IPs.
Gameplay
Knuckle Bash is a side-scrolling beat 'em up game similar to Final Fight and Double Dragon, where players take control of one of the available playable characters across ten stages, each one set in a different location, and fight against an assortment of enemies and villains in order to defeat the Mad Bull Group organization. At the beginning, players choose between one of two scenarios, both of which host their own set of stages and clearing certain scenarios unlocks an extra playable character. Unlike other titles in the same genre, the stages in the game chiefly consist of various waves of single or few strong boss-like enemies, instead of the typical long series of weaker enemies with a boss at the end of the stage. It also completely lacks weapons or objects of any sort. Similar to Streets of Rage 2, each character has a special attack of their own that deals damage to any enemy on-screen. Players can compete in a minigame reminiscent of Mortal Kombats "Test Your Might" segments between stages.
Synopsis
Plot
The story of Knuckle Bash revolves around the Mad Bull Group, a corrupt wrestling organization that profits and taints the reputation of the sport, whose wrestlers are upon by children as role models. Three former members of the Mad Bull Group who deserted from the organization due to their actions and labeled as traitors arranged a secret meeting at a Chicago hotel in order to contact a skillful "Ninpow" master, who is also wanted by the Mad Bull Group. On their journey, the wrestlers venture into the Battle Kingdom headquarters, where another Mad Bull Group plans to desert from the organization because of their actions. After facing multiple battle against members of the Mad Bull Group, the wrestlers manage to dismantle the organization and their victorious story was widespread thereafter.
Characters
Players initially choose from three characters at the start, while two extra characters are recruited through gameplay and any of the five characters can be switched to between missions:El Plancha – A luchador.Michael Sobut – An Elvis Presley look-alike.Jack Brow – A street fighter.Mr. Hayate – A ninja master of the "Ninpow" art.Captain''' – An american football player who defects from the Mad Bull Group.
Development and release Knuckle Bash was created by most of the same staff that previously worked on several projects at Toaplan and who would later go on to work at one of its offshoots after the company declared bankruptcy in 1994. (Translation by Gamengai. ). Mangaka Junya Inoue acted as designer in the project, while the soundtrack was co-composed by Masahiro Yuge and Osamu Ōta. According to Inoue, the game was also designed by Nanpei Kaneko, a member who previously worked on FixEight before quitting Toaplan and working as illustrator for Japanese magazines. Between 2009 and 2012 through Japanese publications such as Shooting Gameside, former Toaplan composer Tatsuya Uemura recounted the project's development process and history, stating that the team were originally commissioned by the company on making a fighting game similar to Street Fighter II: The World Warrior, however the project deviated from its original plan and became a beat 'em up title instead, although Uemura claimed he had no involvement during its development.Knuckle Bash was released in arcades worldwide by Toaplan and Atari Games in 1993. On 27 June 2018, an album containing music from the title and other Toaplan games was published exclusively in Japan by City Connection under their Clarice Disk label. Prior to launch, it was first showcased to the public at the 1993 AOU Show. As of March 2014, it has not received a conversion to home consoles.
Reception and legacy Play Meter listed Knuckle Bash to be the twenty-seventh most-popular arcade game at the time. Maurizio Miccoli of Italian magazine Computer+Videogiochi noted its combination of Final Fight-style gameplay and wrestling thematic. Nick Zverloff of Hardcore Gaming 101 stated that Knuckle Bash "might not be fantastic, but it gets by on being an average beat em up that is just ridiculous enough to make it enjoyable". Retro Gamers Nick Thorpe gave it a mixed outlook. Wireframe regarded it as "a rare foray into brawler territory" for Toaplan. A year after the game's launch, Inoue would later join Gazelle; one of Toaplan's offshoots after the company declared bankruptcy in 1994 and act as graphic artist for 1995's Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon, which was based upon Naoko Takeuchi's Sailor Moon shōjo manga and anime series. A bootleg version of the game titled Knuckle Bash 2 was released in 1999, featuring many changes compared to the original release. In more recent years, the rights to the title and many other IPs from Toaplan are now owned by Tatsujin, a company named after Truxton'''s Japanese title that was founded in 2017 by Yuge, who are now affiliated with arcade manufacturer exA-Arcadia.
Notes
References
External links
Knuckle Bash at GameFAQs
Knuckle Bash at Giant Bomb
Knuckle Bash at Killer List of Videogames
Knuckle Bash at MobyGames
Knuckle Bash at The Toaplan Museum
1993 video games
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Atari games
Beat 'em ups
Cooperative video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Side-scrolling beat 'em ups
Toaplan games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Masahiro Yuge
Video games scored by Osamu Ōta
Video games set in North America
Seminary Woods is a historic woodland in St. Francis, Wisconsin, on the grounds of Saint Francis de Sales Seminary. It is one of the last surviving beech-maple mesic forests in Wisconsin. The forest was founded in 1855 when the seminary moved to St. Francis from Milwaukee and the land that was originally purchased by the Lake Drive Franciscan Sisters became part of the newly established seminary. The forest consists of 68 acres and is located near Lake Michigan. It attracts attention from naturalists for the forest's beech-maple composition and wild flowers that bloom in the spring. A striking feature of the forest is the seminary's cemetery that lies hidden among the trees.
History
Although the woods lie on seminary property, the forest was first owned by the Sisters of St. Francis of Assisi in 1833. The land was acquired by the sisters from the Potawatomi Indians living in the area at the time. It was not until 1855 that Saint Francis de Sales Seminary was built and the forest became part of its property. The forest has survived colonization and urbanization because its natural beauty led it to be used as a place for reflection by members of the seminary.
Natural history
The forest obtained its distinct beech-maple forest from soil deposits made by glacial movement 11,000 years ago. Several species of wildflowers, wildlife, and trees are spotted in the forest. Mature trees found in the forest include, basswood, sugar maple, beech, red oak, and paper birch. The forest also has a small stream that flows into nearby Lake Michigan. Wildflowers include, trillium, white trout lily, yellow trout lily, bloodroot, the endangered blue stemmed goldenrod, and hepatica. Wildlife found in the area include great horned owls, white tailed deer, coyotes, and migratory birds.
Invasive species
The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources has declared Seminary Woods an area in need of protection from invasive species because of its natural environment and historical significance. Although the forest does contain invasive species, they are low in number.
Structural remains
In the forest are the remains of previous structures, a grotto and the cemetery that is a final resting place for individuals who were affiliated with the seminary
Seminary cemetery
The cemetery is located towards the middle of the forest. Multiple pathways within the forest lead to the cemetery. The cemetery contains burials of sisters of St. Francis, archbishops, and children from St. Aemilian's orphanage.
Our Lady of Lourdes Grotto
The 10-foot (3 m) grotto found in the forest near the cemetery honors Our Lady of Lourdes and was built in 1894 by Paul Dobberstein.
References
External links
More photos of Seminary Woods
Article on Seminary Woods
1855 establishments in Wisconsin
Protected areas of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin
House of Denmark (, ), on 142 in Paris, France, is a building which houses exhibition space used for the presentation of Danish culture and commercial interests. The main venue of the house is the on the second floor. It also contains a Danish restaurant on the ground floor and office space rented out for international companies.
History
The idea for a House of Denmark abroad was conceived after the Brussels International Exposition in 1935 where Thyse Hvass represented Denmark with his single-family houses. The plans were delayed by the coming of World War II but in 1948 the Danish state acquired the l'Hôtel Subiran on Champs-Élysées.
In 1952 the hotel was demolished to make way for the new building which had been designed by Hvass. Ground was broken on 23 September 1952 in the presence of the Danish prime minister Erik Eriksen and the French minister of foreign affairs Robert Schuman. The house was inaugurated on 23 April 1966 with a ceremony attended by King Frederick IX of Denmark, Queen Ingrid, Danish prime minister H. C. Hansen, the French president René Coty, Edgar Faure, and Danish fashion designer Erik Mortensen and sculptor Robert Jacobsen who both lived and worked in France.
The administration of the building was transferred from the prime minister's office to the Ministry of Cultural Affairs in 1961. In 1986 the facility came under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as represented by the Danish Embassy located only two blocks away.
In 1997 it was proposed to sell the house due to problems with its financing but this was met with strong criticism with prominent users and collaborators and was ultimately rejected. Instead it was decided to relaunch the house as a self-owning institution managed according to commercial principles as well as to put it through a major refurbishment.
The refurbished House of Denmark was re-inaugurated in February 2002 it the presence of Queen Margrethe II and Henrik, Prince Consort of Denmark as well as the mayor of Paris Bertrand Delanoë.
Building and green space
The renovation of the house involved a reconstruction of the front of the building, refurbishing the individual floors, renovation of la salle du Danemark, renovation of the green areas in the courtyard, design and construction of new terraces as well as a stairway connecting the terraces and integration of soft landscaping in the courtyard's architecture.
The house is furnished with a combination of classical and contemporary Danish design by designers such as Arne Jacobsen, Poul Kjærholm, Poul Henningsen, Nanna Ditzel, and younger proponents Hans Sandgren Jakobsen and Boje Estermann.
Current use and financing
Now a self-owning institution, the operations are financed through the renting out of four of the seven floors to international companies. The Salle du Danemark, a multipurpose cultural space on the second floor, is still used for its original purpose but rented out for commercial activities such as conferences and meetings when no activities are scheduled. The latter include a broad array of events related to Danish culture and commerce, including art exhibitions, jazz concerts, French-Danish film screenings, an exhibition on Danish bicycle culture, Danish product launches and political debates. Bang & Olufsen has a showroom in the ground floor of the building.
The building houses two restaurants. Restaurant Flora Danica is located on the ground floor and has outdoor service in the courtyard garden. Restaurant CPG (Copenhague until the renovation) is located on the first floor.
See also
List of foreign cultural institutes in Paris
References
External links
Official website (in French and Danish)
Cultural venues in Paris
Champs-Élysées
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1955
Danish culture
Denmark–France relations
1955 establishments in France
Isdes may refer to:
Isdes is an alternative spelling of Astennu, a figure in Egyptian mythology
Isdes, Loiret is a commune in France
Poul Møller (1919-1997) was a Danish politician.
Poul Møller may also refer to:
Paul Barfoed Møller, from the film Jeppe på bjerget
Poul Martin Møller (1794–1838), Danish academic, writer, and poet
The SS Kaiser Franz Joseph I was a Austro-Hungarian passenger liner built by Cantiere Navale Triestino for the Austro-American line. After her launching, in February 1912 the steamer was put into service and she set off from Trieste to Buenos Aires. During World War 1 the ship was laid up in Trieste, but was commissioned by the Italian navy after the war. the Kaiser Franz Joseph I now the Presidente Wilson of the Cosulich Line, was sold to other Italian company until World war 2 happened. During The war she was commissioned by the Italians navy once again and was laid up in La Spezia in 1943. On May 12, 1944, as the Allies Advance to Italy the ship was Scuttled by the Germans to pervert capture. Her wreck was raised and scrapped in 1949.
History
The keel of the ship was laid down on the Cantiere Navale Triestino shipyard in Monfalcone. She was christened on September 9, 1911 by, Archduchess Maria Josepha and Navy Commander Admiral Count Rudolf Montecuccoli and was Launched on the same day. And in the next year, she set off from Trieste her maiden voyage to Buenos Aires and on May 25, 1912, she left Trieste to New York. On July 27, 1913 While en-route to New York a whale hit the bottom of the Liner and killed itself. When World War 1 broke out, the Kaiser Franz Joseph I was in Trieste and where she also laid up there during the war. In 1918, after the Armistice of Villa Giusti and the surrender of Austria-Hungary, the ship was Commission by the Italian Navy as a troop transport ship and was renamed Generale A. Diaz.
In 1919 as she was sold to the Cosulich Line and she was renamed to the Presidente Wilson. And on May 5, 1919 she set off on its first post-war voyage from Genoa to New York city with mainly returning US soldiers on board. On September 12, 1919, she left Trieste on her third journey in peacetime with 97 passengers in first, 371 in second and 623 in third class. In 1929 she would make her last voyage for the Cosulich Line before sold to the Lloyd Triestino and was renamed after the Indian river in the same name. She was than sold to the Adriatica di Navigazione and was renamed Marco Polo after modernization work. She resumed service between Trieste, Venice, Brindisi, Alexandria as well as Haifa and Beirut route. in 1940 When World War 2 broke out, the ship was decommissioned for passenger service and served as a troop transport ship until she was laid up in La Spezia in 1943. On May 12, 1944, as the Allies Advance to Italy the ship was Scuttled by the Germans. In 1949 the wreck was raised and scrapped.
Design
When Launched, Kaiser Franz Josef I was the largest Austro-Hungarian ocean liner. She had a capacity of 1905 passengers (125 in first class, 550 in second class, and 1230 in third class), a tonnage of 12,567 GRT, a Length of 145.54 m (477 ft 6 in) and a Beam of 18.35 m (60 ft 2 in). She was powered by, 2 x 4 cylinder triple expansion steam engines that powered, dual shaft that powered the, two screws Propeller which give the ship a speed of around 19 knots (35 km/h; 22 mph).
Citations
External links
Gallery
1911 ships
All articles to be expanded
World War I passenger ships of Austria-Hungary
Ocean liners
Ships of Austria-Hungary
Passenger ships of Italy
Bernadette ‘Bernie' Farrelly is a former camogie player, winner of the Gradam Tailte award for skill tests in 1987 and 1988. She is a member of the Kildare camogie team of the millennium and of Kildare teams that won the Ireland junior championship in 1987, 1989 and 1990 and Junior National League in 1986, 1989 and 1990.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kildare camogie players
Michael Steel or Mike Steel may refer to:
People
Mike Steel (mathematician) (born 1960), professor in New Zealand
Michael Steel, official of English company Hybrid Air Vehicles Ltd
Miljenko Matijevic (born 1964), Croatian-American rock vocalist for the band Steelheart, also known as Mikey Steel
Michael von Steel, actor on the gay vampire television series The Lair
Characters
Michael Steel, a fictional character in the 1942 film Little Tokyo, U.S.A.
Michael "Mike" Steel, a fictional character in the 2001 film The Hole
Ironclad (comics), also known as Michael Steel, a fictional character in the Marvel comic universe
Michael Steel, a fictional character in the heavy-metal album The Crimson Idol
See also
Michael Steele (disambiguation)
Polanka or Polánka may refer to places:
Czech Republic
Polánka, a municipality and village in the Plzeň Region
Poland
Polanka, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Polanka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Polanka, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Polanka Wielka, seat of the Gmina Polanka Wielka
Shmuel Fershko (Stanisław Ferszko, Samuel Fersko, also Fereszko; 1914–1990) was a Polish composer and musician.
Born in Łuck, he was a child prodigy on the piano in Warsaw and then went to Warsaw Conservatory. At the age of 23 he composed the operetta Polowanie na lamparta (The Leopard Hunt) first performed in Warsaw in the theatre 8.30, later in Vienna under the name Salzburg Ausverkauft. He worked at the Heyman-Front Jazz dance band (orchestra led by Zygmunt Heyman and Julian Front) and as a piano soloist in the Paradis, Krzywa latarnia (Crooked Lantern) and F.F. nightclubs.
He composed for and accompanied the stage diseuses of the late 1930s: Wiera Gran, Nadieżda Bielicz and Waria Łaska. Some of his greatest hits were Bo to się zwykle tak zaczyna (That's How It Usually Begins), Gdy odejdziesz (When You're Gone) and Maleńka (My Tiny Gal).
In 1937 he moved to Palestine and played in the Tel Aviv Matate theater, as well as Li-La-Lo and Ohel. Known as "The Israeli Gershwin," he was very popular in then-Palestine and later Israel. Many think his songs Beb el Wad, Jeep and Moti are folksongs.
In 1952 he was hired by NBC to go to America where he composed tunes, musicals, operettas and directed the NY Symphony Orchestra. He died 1990 in Florida.
References
External links
, words by Emanuel Schlechter, 1934
1914 births
1990 deaths
Jewish composers
Jewish songwriters
Polish composers
20th-century Polish Jews
Walter Noddack (17 August 1893 – 7 December 1960) was a German chemist. He, Ida Tacke (who later married Noddack), and Otto Berg reported the discovery of element 43 and element 75 in 1925.
Rhenium
They named element 75 rhenium (Latin Rhenus meaning "Rhine"). Rhenium was the last element to be discovered having a stable isotope. The existence of a yet undiscovered element at this position in the periodic table had been predicted by Henry Moseley in 1914. In 1925 they reported that they detected the element in platinum ore and in the mineral columbite. They also found rhenium in gadolinite and molybdenite. In 1928 they were able to extract 1 g of the element by processing 660 kg of molybdenite. These achievements led to Walter and Ida being awarded the German Chemical Society's prestigious Liebig Medal in 1931. In 2018 a memorial medal "Fidelitas ad Scientiam" was issued by ISTR for Anniversary of Re discovery https://www.pinterest.ru/pin/747879081861611384/.
Technetium
Element 43 was named masurium (after Masuria in Eastern Prussia). The group bombarded columbite with a beam of electrons and deduced element 43 was present by examining X-ray diffraction spectrograms. The wavelength of the X-rays produced is related to the atomic number by a formula derived by Henry Moseley. The team claimed to detect a faint X-ray signal at a wavelength produced by element 43. Contemporary experimenters could not replicate the discovery, and in fact it was dismissed as an error for many years.
It was not until 1998 that this dismissal began to be questioned. John T. Armstrong of the National Institute of Standards and Technology ran computer simulations of the experiments and obtained results very close to those reported by the 1925 team; the claim was further supported by work published by David Curtis of the Los Alamos National Laboratory measuring the (tiny) natural occurrence of technetium. Debate still exists as to whether the 1925 team actually did discover element 43.
Academic career
Noddack was born in Berlin. He became professor for physical chemistry at the University of Freiburg in 1935 and in 1941 at the Reichsuniversität Straßburg. After World War II he changed to the University of Bamberg and in 1956 he became director of the newly founded Research Institute for geochemistry there. He died in Berlin.
References
1893 births
1960 deaths
German physical chemists
Discoverers of chemical elements
Scientists from Berlin
University of Freiburg faculty
University of Bamberg faculty
The name Inday has been used for six tropical cyclones in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific Ocean.
Typhoon Halong (2002) (T0207, 10W, Inday) – struck Japan.
Tropical Storm Bopha (2006) (T0609, 10W, Inday) – struck Taiwan.
Typhoon Fanapi (2010) (T1011, 12W, Inday) – struck Taiwan.
Tropical Storm Nakri (2014) (T1412, 12W, Inday) – passed through the Ryukyu Islands and made landfall in South Korea.
Tropical Storm Ampil (2018) (T1810, 12W, Inday)
Typhoon Muifa (2022) (T2212, 14W, Inday) – made a strong landfall in Shanghai, China
Pacific typhoon set index articles
Ernst Blass (17 October 17, 1890, (Berlin) – 23 January 23, 1939 (Berlin), (pseudonyms: Daniel Stabler and Erich Sternow) was an important expressionist poet, critic and writer.
Blass was a close friend of Kurt Hiller and joined him at Der Neue Club, alongside other writers of early Expressionism, Georg Heym and Jakob van Hoddis. From 1911, he collaborated with the magazine Die Aktion, before distancing himself from Franz Pfemfert in 1914.
In Das Wesen der neuen Tanzkunst (The essence of the new dance art) Blass set out to identify abstract categories whereby "a new dance art" could be outlined. He described how the anthroposophical breathing methods taught at Loheland could transform the "marionette" into an animal form which could then leap in an ecstatic manner. In this he was responding to previous theories of dance, such as produced by Heinrich von Kleist who had written in 1807 a short text "Über dem Marionette Theater" according to which the dancer became a marionnette without either will or consciousness.
In 1980 Thomas B. Schumann published a three volume collection of Blass' poetry (Volume 1), short stories (Volume 2) and various essays (Volume 3).
Works
1912 Die Straßen komme ich entlang geweht
1915 Die Gedichte von Trennung und Licht
1918 Die Gedichte von Sommer und Tod
1920 Über den Stil Stefan Georges
1921 Das Wesen der neuen Tanzkunst
1930 Der paradiesische Augenblick
References
Further reading
1890 births
1939 deaths
20th-century German poets
German male poets
20th-century German male writers
Devil's Disciple may refer to:
The Devil's Disciple (play), an 1897 play by George Bernard Shaw
The Devil's Disciple (1959 film), adaptation directed by Guy Hamilton
The Devil's Disciple (1987 film), adaptation directed by David Jones
The Devil's Disciple (1926 film), a silent film on white slavery, written and directed by Oscar Micheaux
Devil's Disciples, a 2007 television series from Hong Kong
Devils Diciples (sic), an American outlaw motorcycle club
Devil's Disciples Motorcycle Club (Canada), a now-defunct French-Canadian outlaw motorcycle club
Devil Disciples Motorcycle Club (Ireland), an active outlaw motorcycle club in the Republic of Ireland
Audun Grønvold (born 28 February 1976) is a Norwegian freestyle skier. He was born in Hamar. He won the ski cross World Cup in 2007. He represented Norway at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, where he won a bronze medal in the men's ski cross.
Grønvold is a former alpine skier, with a third place in downhill as his best World Cup achievement.
References
1976 births
Living people
Norwegian male freestyle skiers
Norwegian male alpine skiers
Olympic freestyle skiers of Norway
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Norway
Olympic medalists in freestyle skiing
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Hamar
Loligo reynaudii, commonly known as the Cape Hope squid, is a 20–30 cm long squid belonging to the family Loliginidae. In South Africa it is known as either calamari or chokka.
It was previously treated as a subspecies of Loligo vulgaris, the European squid.
Distribution
It occurs in coastal South African waters from False Bay to Port Elizabeth and as far as Port Alfred. This species lives from sea level to depths of .
Description
This animal has an elongated slender body with eight short arms and two very long retractile tentacles, all of which have suckers. It has relatively long diamond-shaped fins, which run more than half the length of the mantle. Its mantle is up to long. Its eyes are covered with a membrane which is part of the skin covering the head.
Ecology
The South African squid is an important predator of small fishes. It forms dense breeding aggregations in bays between Cape Point and Port Elizabeth in summer, laying sausage-shaped bunches of egg bundles on the sea floor. The young are transported west by the Agulhas Current and mature on the Agulhas Bank. They then migrate eastwards as adults back to their spawning grounds.
The species is extensively exploited by commercial fisheries. Its natural predators include: Short-tail stingray, Diamond ray, Spotted ragged-tooth shark, Cape fur seal, cat shark and numerous species of fish and birds.
References
Vecchione, M., E. Shea, S. Bussarawit, F. Anderson, D. Alexeyev, C.-C. Lu, T. Okutani, M. Roeleveld, C. Chotiyaputta, C. Roper, E. Jorgensen & N. Sukramongkol. (2005). Phuket Marine Biological Center Research Bulletin 66: 23–26.
External links
Charles Maxwell videos
Squid
Cephalopods described in 1841
Lesnovka () is a rural locality () in Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
TASP may refer to:
www.theasp.org.uk, The Association of Safeguarding Partners - a membership association that promotes the safeguarding of children and vulnerable people in England
Telluride Association Summer Program, American educational programme
Treatment as prevention (TasP)
Transcription Application Service Provider
Trade Advance Service Provider
Tasp, a device in the Known Space short stories written by author Larry Niven which remotely mimics the effects of wireheading
Tasp, a village in the Panjgur District or Balochistan, Pakistan
The Canterbury Football Club is an Australian rules football club located in the Melbourne suburb of Canterbury. The club fields open-age teams in the Victorian Amateur Football Association.
History
Canterbury joined the Box Hill Reporter League in 1903 in that league's second year. In 1925 the club joined the newly created Sub-Districts competition but the club struggled against stronger clubs so in 1932 it became one of the founders in the formation of the Eastern Suburban Football League. In 1963 the ESFL merged with the CODFL to form the SESFL, later renamed Southern Football League.
It transferred to the more geographically appropriate Eastern Football League however were mostly near the foot of the bottom division until the club decided to transfer to the VAFA in 2014.
Premierships
1920, 1956, 1969, 1972, 1991, 2003, 2015
VFL/AFL players
Bob Pratt –
Peter Curran – ,
Luke Penny –
References
External links
Official club site
Official VAFA site
Victorian Amateur Football Association clubs
1881 establishments in Australia
Australian rules football clubs established in 1881
Neelam Upadhyaya (born 5 October 1993) is an Indian actress who has appeared in Tamil and Telugu films.
Career
Neelam Upadhyaya got the opportunity to act in Seivathu Sariye in 2010 but the film was later delayed and subsequently shelved. Neelam Upadhyaya made a breakthrough after her portfolio for MTV's Style Check was well received and prompted filmmakers to offer her acting opportunities. Neelam Upadhyaya made her acting debut with the Telugu film, Mr. 7 (2012), which received mixed reviews and underperformed at the box office. She appeared in the first 3D Telugu film with Action 3D (2013), before appearing in two Tamil films, Unnodu Oru Naal (2013) and the ghost film, Om Shanthi Om (2015) opposite Srikanth. The former film was noted for its bold theme, while the latter had a delayed-release. Both films had low key releases and did not perform well commercially.
Filmography
References
External links
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Living people
Actresses from Gujarat
Actresses in Telugu cinema
1993 births
Jiří Holubec (born 3 March 1966) is a Czech biathlete. He competed at the 1988, 1992, 1994 and the 1998 Winter Olympics. After retiring from competition he became a coach, serving as an assistant coach to the Czech women's biathlon team.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Czech male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Czechoslovakia
Olympic biathletes of the Czech Republic
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1998 Winter Olympics
People from Jilemnice
Czech sports coaches
Cross-country skiing coaches
Sportspeople from the Liberec Region
Błonie-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Tekirova is a town in the District of Kemer, Antalya Province, Turkey.
Large hotels for tourists are established in the town. The base station of the Olympos Aerial Tram is located nearby Tekirova.
References
Populated places in Antalya Province
Kemer District
Towns in Turkey
Laubusbach is a river of Hesse, Germany. It flows into the Emsbach in Oberbrechen.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
References
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of the Taunus
Rivers of Germany
Weledeh Catholic School is an elementary/middle school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by the Yellowknife Catholic School Board. The first Catholic School was opened in Yellowknife in 1953 and has since expanded into more modern buildings, with Weledeh School completed in 2001 as an addition to St. Patrick High School.
In addition to English, Weledeh offers a class in traditional Dene culture, including the Dogrib language. They also have a late entry French immersion program beginning in Grade 6.
See also
List of schools in the Northwest Territories
External links
(Weledeh Catholic School
Yellowknife Catholic Schools
Education in Yellowknife
Middle schools in the Northwest Territories
Elementary schools in the Northwest Territories
Roman Catholic schools in the Northwest Territories
Educational institutions established in 1953
1953 establishments in the Northwest Territories
Epic Soundtracks was the stage name of the British musician Kevin Paul Godfrey (23 March 1959 – 6 November 1997). Born in Croydon, Surrey, he was brought up in Solihull, Midlands with his brother Adrian Nicholas Godfrey, who was known as Nikki Sudden (1956–2006).
In 1972, Kevin and Adrian formed the nucleus of what was to become the post-punk rock group Swell Maps, with "Soundtracks" on drums and piano, and "Sudden" on guitar and vocals.
Soundtracks later played drums for Crime & the City Solution and These Immortal Souls. In 1991, Soundtracks decided to focus on his own songwriting career, and began the series of recordings that comprised his three solo records. As a vocalist and multi-instrumentalist he released three critically acclaimed solo albums, and two more were released posthumously.
Notable fans of Soundtracks' solo work include Evan Dando and Thurston Moore. Dave Graney paid tribute to Soundtracks with the song "A Boy Named Epic" on The Royal Dave Graney Show's 2003 album The Brother Who Lived. Arthur Lee's backing band, Baby Lemonade, paid tribute as well, with a song off their 2001 High Life Suite LP called,"Song for Epic".
Epic Soundtracks died in his sleep on 6 November 1997, at his flat in West Hampstead, London. His funeral took place in Leamington Spa Baptist Church on 1 December. The official cause of death was ruled as inconclusive.
Selected discography
Popular Classical (aka Jelly, Babies) 7" (1981)
Rain, Rain, Rain (with Jowe Head) 12" (1982)
Rise Above (1992)
Sleeping Star (1994)
Debris (1995)
Change My Life (1996)
Posthumous releases
Everything is Temporary (1999) [compilation]
Good Things (2005)
Wild Smile (2012) [compilation]
Film Soundtracks (2017)
References
External links
Biography
In Memoriam
1959 births
1997 deaths
People from Solihull
English rock drummers
British male drummers
20th-century English musicians
20th-century drummers
Crime & the City Solution members
20th-century British male musicians
Susan Leo (born 10 August 1962) is a retired professional tennis player from Australia. She competed in the Fed Cup a number of times, from 1980 to 1983.
Leo won the singles title at the Queensland Open in 1976 and at the Western Australian Open in 1980. She reached the quarterfinals in doubles at Wimbledon in 1981 and 1982.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Tennis people from Queensland
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
Rokitno-Majątek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Reuben Burrow (30 December 1747 – 7 June 1792) was an English mathematician, surveyor and orientalist. Initially a teacher, he was appointed assistant to Sir Nevil Maskelyne, then astronomer-royal, at the Royal Greenwich Observatory and was involved in the Schiehallion experiment. He later conducted research in India, teaching himself Sanskrit and becoming one of the first members of the Asiatic Society. He was the first to measure the length of a degree of an arc of longitude along the Tropic of Cancer. His other major achievements included a study of Indian mathematics although he earned a reputation for being rude and unpolished amid the leading figures in science who came mostly from the upper-class. One commentator called him "an able mathematician but a most vulgar and scurrilous dog."
Biography
Burrow was born at Hoberley, near Shadwell, Leeds. His father, a small tenant farmer, gave him some schooling, occasionally interrupted by labour on the farm. He showed an ability and keenness for mathematics early on, and after some instruction from a schoolmaster named Crooks at Leeds. At the age of 18 he walked for four days, all the way from Leeds to London, to seek a job and obtained a clerkship in the office of a London merchant. A year later he became usher in a school of Benjamin Webb, the ‘celebrated writing-master.' He next set up as schoolmaster on his own account at Portsmouth. Here he taught mathematics for navigation to aspiring midshipmen. His reputation in mathematics reached Nevil Maskelyne and he received an offer for a position of "labourer" at the Greenwich Observatory. Burrow, an argumentative man, was however unable to work with the genteel and refined astronomer-royal and he soon left. In 1772 he married Anne Purvis, daughter of a poulterer in Leadenhall Street, and started a school at Greenwich.
In 1774, Burrow and William Menzies aided Maskelyne in his observations in the Schiehallion experiment, to examine the deflection by gravity of the plumbline towards the mountain. He complained later that his services were insufficiently recognised. Burrow was liable to use words of abuse at anyone and he did not think Maskelyne deserved his position. Soon afterwards, however, he was appointed ‘mathematical teacher in the drawing-room at the Tower,' where there was then a training school for artillery officers, afterwards merged into the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. His salary was £100 a year. Here he became editor of the Ladies and Gentlemen's Diary, or Royal Almanack. It was started by Thomas Carnan, in opposition to the Ladies' Diary, published by the Stationers' Company and edited by Charles Hutton and like it included mathematical puzzles. The company claimed a monopoly of almanacs, but their claim was disallowed by the court of common pleas, on their bringing an action against Carnan, who published the first number of his diary in December 1775. It continued till 1786, the word 'Gentlemen' being dropped after 1780. Part of it was devoted to mathematical problems by Burrow and various contributors. Burrow quarrelled with his rival, Charles Hutton. Falling out with Maskelyne and others, he eked out his living by taking private pupils, and did a little work for publishers; a bit of work at London brought him in contact with Colonel Henry Watson, for many years chief engineer in Bengal under Lord Clive. Watson recommended him to Lord Townsend as a good candidate "to teach mathematics
to the Cadets of the drawing room" of the tower. In 1777 he worked on a survey of the coast "from Naze in Essex to Hollseby bay in Sussex" (actually Suffolk) to assess vulnerabilities to attack by the French. He was joined by a party of pupils and the fleet was commanded by Admiral Howe. He later complained to master-general of the ordnance, the duke of Richmond, that he was not paid "a farthing". Henry Watson in the meantime was recalled to Bengal and offered to take Burrow along. Burrow resigned on 30 April 1782 "in order to go to the East Indies."
India
Burrow left his wife and growing family behind and boarded the east indiaman General Coote. The journey included fights with others including the first mate who Burrow suspected of plotting a mutiny. Soon after reaching India he wrote to the Governor-General Warren Hastings, a school friend of Maskelyne, stating his desire to generate more money in order to conduct further research. For a while he earned a living by teaching in Calcutta and it was reported that one of his Kashmiri students, Tafazzul Husain Khan Kashmiri (studied under James Dinwiddie and died in 1800), was translating Newton's Principia into Persian. He was also interested in ancient geometry, as shown by his book on Apollonius: A Restitution of the Geometrical Treatise of Apollonius Pergæus on Inclinations (1779), and was curious to investigate the mathematical treatises in ancient Hindu and other Oriental literature. He later published Hindoo Knowledge of the Binomial Theorem. He asked for Hastings's encouragement; and other letters and papers show that he pursued these inquiries, having learnt Sanskrit on his own for the purpose (he already knew Latin, French and Italian and had picked up some Arabic and Persian), and collected many Sanskrit and Persian manuscripts. He was appointed mathematical teacher of the engineers' corps, and afterwards had some employment in connection with a proposed trigonometrical survey of Bengal.
Burrow was one of the first members of The Asiatic Society founded by fellow orientalist William Jones and contributed to their research. In 1788, William Roy suggested that Burrow would be ideally qualified to conduct experiments in Bengal to examine trigonometrically to measure a meridian of the arc. In 1790 Burrow wrote to the directors of the East India Company to set up an "Indian Greenwich". It was turned down as the Madras Observatory was being considered around the same time. Burrow had obtained instruments used by the late Colonel Thomas Dean Pearse (1741–1789) and began his measurement of a baseline near Calcutta in 1791. Burrow measured both along the latitude and along the longitude somewhere near Cawksally near Krishnagar in Nadia District. His equipment was not standard and there were a lot of errors arising from methodology. From his observations a length of a meridian arc along the Tropic of Cancer was later determined by Isaac Dalby as 362,742 feet, or 68.70 miles (105.64 km). Weakened by malaria, Burrow died at Buxar in India on 7 June 1792. His wife, with his son and his three daughters who had joined him in India in 1790 returned after his death. His son died as an officer in the service of the East India Company. A Short Account of the late Mr. Burrow's Measurement of a Degree of Longitude and another of Latitude near the tropic in Bengal was published posthumously by his friend Isaac Dalby in 1796. Burrow wrote crude poems and a few written pseudonymously lampooned Maskelyne and nearly all his mathematical peers other than William Emerson who had taught him briefly. He earned a reputation for drinking, pugilism and came to be characterized by a contemporary as "an able mathematician but a most vulgar and scurrilous dog."
Writings
Most of Burrow's writings were in the Asiatick Researchers. A few of his findings were communicated posthumously by his friend Isaac Dalby.
A method of calculating the moon's parallaxes in latitude and longitude. Asiatic Researches 1:320.
Hints relative to friction in Mechanics. Asiatic Researches 1:171.
Remarks on the Artificial Horizon. Asiatic Researches 1:327.
Demonstration of a theorem concerning the intersection of curves. Asiatic Researches 1:330.
Corrections of the lunar method of finding the longitude. Asiatic Researches 1:433.
A synopsis of the different cases that may happen in deducing the longitude of one place from another by means of Arnold's chronometers. Asiatic Researches 2:473.
A proof that the Hindoos had the binomial theorem. Asiatic Researches 2:487
Memorandums concerning an old building. Asiatic Researches 2:477
Observations on some of the eclipses of Jupiter's satellites. Asiatic Researches 2:483
A demonstration of one of the Hindoo rules of arithmetic. Asiatic Researches 3:145
See Also
Tafazzul Husain Kashmiri
James Dinwiddie
References
External links
"Newton on the Ganges: Asiatic Enlightenment of British Astronomy," 2008 lecture by Simon Schaffer that discusses Burrow's time in India and his mathematical work in assisting the translation of Newton's Principia into Arabic.
18th-century English mathematicians
18th-century British astronomers
English orientalists
Indian mathematicians
People from Shadwell, West Yorkshire
1747 births
1792 deaths
The Economic Development Board was an independent advisory body to the Government of South Australia focused on economic development issues in South Australia. It was established by the Rann Government in 2002 and concluded with the first budget of the Marshall Government in 2018.
History
The EDB spanned the terms of two Labor Premiers, Rann (2002-2011) and Weatherill (2011-2017). It was formed by then-premier Mike Rann to improve SA's business outlook, and was considered to be the state's "highest-powered" advisory group.
The board received an "overhaul" in May 2014, with the replacement of half of its twelve-person membership. Then-current Chair, Raymond Spencer, described one aspect of the reshuffle as creating "a direct linkage into the Premier which will ensure our work can be accelerated and prioritised." Premier Jay Weatherill once commended the board for "supporting South Australia's growth sectors - specifically unconventional gas, education and agricultural areas."
Following the election of a Liberal government in March 2018, Treasurer Rob Lucas defunded and disbanded the board with the government's first budget. Former EDB member Tanya Monro was reengaged as a member of the newly-formed Premier's Economic Advisory Council, along with new members: Jacqui McGill, Nick Reade, Geoff Rohrsheim, Bill Spurr AO and Christine Zeitz.
Membership
At 6 February 2017, the membership of the board was composed of:
Raymond Spencer, Chair
David Knox, Deputy Chair
Terry Burgess
Sue Chase
David Garrard
Jodi Glass
Lily Jacobs
The Hon. Rob Kerin
Professor David Lloyd
Professor Tanya Monro
Julianne Parkinson, Executive Director, Office of the Economic Development Board
Dr Leanna Read
Professor Göran Roos
Darren Thomas
Dr Mike Rungie
Dr Don Russell (ex-officio member)
Former members
Former members of the EDB include:
Cheryl Bart
John Bastian
Grant Belchamber
Monsignor David Cappo AO (ex-officio)
Bruce Carter
Robert Champion de Crespigny (chair)
Rob Chapman (Deputy Chair)
Maurice Crotti
Tim Flannery
Andrew Fletcher
Dr Ian Gould
Jim Hallion (ex-officio)
Hon Bob Hawke AC (Honorary member)
Caroline Hewson
Michael Hickinbotham
Scott Hicks
Dr Michael Keating
Justin Milne
The Rt Hon Mike Moore
Corrine Namblard
Dr Helen Nugent AO
Kevin Osborn
Professor Barbara Pocock
Fiona Roche
David Simmons
Peter Wylie
Bill Wood
Lance Worrall (ex-officio)
References
External links
Economic Development Board
Economic development organizations
Economic history of South Australia
Government agencies of South Australia
Advisory boards of the Government of South Australia
The Green Man is a Grade II listed pub in Trumpington, Cambridgeshire.
History
The pub has existed since the 15th century. The original timber frame is still standing but has been concealed by later brickwork. The original building included a medieval hall house, which was split into two floors in the 16th century. A bay window facing the road was added later. The pub was extensively redeveloped around 1954. The beer garden can accommodate up to 200 people.
Horse shows were a popular event at the pub during the 1850s. The wit and poet Charles Stuart Calverley is reported to have stolen the pub's sign whilst an undergraduate student at Cambridge. The musician and bandleader Charles Shadwell was landlord of the pub during the 1960s.
The pub has been Grade II listed since 1962.
References
External links
The Green Man public house – Trumpington Local History Group
Pubs in Cambridgeshire
Grade II listed pubs in Cambridgeshire
Trumpington
Raeside is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adrian Raeside (born 1957), cartoonist
Jimmy Raeside (1880–1946), Scottish footballer
Robbie Raeside (born 1972), Scottish footballer
Thomas Raeside, Scottish footballer
William Raeside (1892–1964), Scottish footballer and coach
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kōji Kumeta. It was serialized in Shogakukan's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Sunday from April 1991 to August 1996, with its chapters collected in 23 tankōbon volumes.
Plot
The series follows Getto Rando, who has been living in Canada and playing hockey there since he was ten. However, he also earned himself a very long suspension due to cheating and thus was more or less forced to return to Japan where he was recruited by Hamatsu High School in Kyushu, even though ice hockey is not popular in southern Japan and the school only has a roller hockey rink.
Characters
A very skilled hockey player and has won multiple scoring titles in Canadian leagues of his age group. However, he is not afraid to go outside the rulebook to achieve victory.
Soara is the manager of the hockey team. She is a bit uptight and constantly has to keep Getto and the rest of the hockey club in check.
The coach of the hockey team, Kentaro was the former captain until his need for glasses sidelined him.
Maiko is one of the most voluptuous girls in school and holds the title of Miss Hamatsu High. She is close friends with Soara.
A former teammate of Getto from Canada. Rob becomes an exchange student and finds himself at Hamatsu High School. Like Getto he was suspended from the leagues in Canada. He was banned for his violent outbreaks.
The gentle giant of the hockey club. He is a timid guy and is often taken advantage of or made fun of by the other members of the hockey club, despite the strength he possesses.
Publication
Go!! Southern Ice Hockey Club is written and illustrated by Kōji Kumeta. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday from April 3, 1991 to August 7, 1996. Shogakukan compiled its individual chapters into twenty-three tankōbon volumes, released from January 18, 1992 to November 18, 1996. Shogakukan re-released the series into eleven wideban volumes, published from December 16, 2000 to August 9, 2002.
Volume list
References
External links
Go!! Southern Ice Hockey Club at WebSunday
1991 manga
Ice hockey mass media
Kōji Kumeta
Shogakukan manga
Shōnen manga
Sports anime and manga
John David Cairns (7 August 1966 – 9 May 2011) was a Scottish politician who served as Minister of State for Scotland from 2005 to 2008. A member of Scottish Labour Party, he was Member of Parliament (MP) for Inverclyde, formerly Greenock and Inverclyde, from 2001 until his death in 2011.
Early life
Cairns was born and raised in Greenock. He attended Notre Dame High School in the town, before training for the Roman Catholic priesthood at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. He continued his studies at the Franciscan International Centre in Canterbury.
From 1991 to 1994 he served as a priest in Clapham. He left the priesthood in 1994 and became director of the Christian Socialist Movement. In 1997 he became a research assistant to newly elected Labour MP, Siobhain McDonagh until he himself became an MP in 2001. In 1998 he was elected as a councillor in the London Borough of Merton where he served until 2002.
Parliamentary career
Cairns had ambitions to enter House of Commons but was barred due to the Removal of Clergy Disqualification Act 1801 and the Catholic Relief Act 1829 which prevented present or former Roman Catholic priests from being elected to Parliament. To rectify this, Siobhain McDonagh MP introduced the House of Commons Disqualification (Amendment) Bill in Parliament on 16 June 1999, but the Bill failed. The government subsequently introduced the House of Commons (Removal of Clergy Disqualification) Bill, which removed almost all restrictions on clergy of whatever denomination from sitting in the House of Commons. The only exception is Church of England (Anglican) bishops, due to their reserved status as members of the House of Lords. The bill passed on 11 May 2001.
Cairns had already been selected as the Labour candidate in his home town following the retirement of Norman Godman. He was elected as the Labour MP for Greenock and Inverclyde at the 2001 general election with a majority of 9,890, becoming the first person born in Greenock to represent it in Parliament. He made his maiden speech on 4 July 2001.
Cairns was appointed as the Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Minister of State at the Department for Work and Pensions Malcolm Wicks in 2003, and following the 2005 general election, at which, due to the redrawing of boundaries his constituency was abolished and replaced with a larger Inverclyde constituency, he became a member of the Labour government as the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland. He then had the Northern Ireland Office added to his responsibilities and in 2007 he became the Minister of State for Scotland. He played a high profile role in the media as the principal defender of Scotland's role in the United Kingdom in opposition to the movement for Scottish independence. Cairns was Chair of Labour Friends of Israel, and while he gave up the position when becoming a junior minister, he remained a committed member of the group.
On 16 September 2008, Cairns resigned from the government during arguments in the Labour party over Gordon Brown's leadership, saying that the time had come to "allow a leadership debate to run its course". He was the only minister to resign after rebel MPs began calling for a leadership contest. The Guardian later called it "a principled decision by a principled politician". In the 2010 general election, Cairns was returned as Member of Parliament for his constituency of Inverclyde with a majority of 14,416, which was an increase on his previous election.
Personal life and death
Cairns was openly gay. He entered the intensive care unit of University College London Hospitals in March 2011, suffering from acute pancreatitis, and died in Royal Free Hospital in north London on 9 May aged 44. He is survived by his partner, Dermot Kehoe.
See also
James Godfrey MacManaway
Roman Catholic Church in Scotland
Notes
References
External links
Profile: David Cairns, David Thompson, BBC News, 16 September 2008
David Cairns on Using Social Media in Election 2010
Video clips
Newsnight 7 July 2007
1966 births
2011 deaths
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Councillors in the London Borough of Merton
Deaths from pancreatitis
Gay politicians
Labour Friends of Israel
LGBT members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom
LGBT politicians from Scotland
Scottish Labour MPs
Northern Ireland Office junior ministers
People from Greenock
Politics of Inverclyde
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
Laicized Roman Catholic priests
21st-century LGBT people
Lieutenant Pierre Henri Edmond Dufaur de Gavardie (20 January 1890 – 4 October 1966) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories. Dufaur de Gavardie was wounded in action on 7 February 1917. He died on 4 October 1966 at the age of 76.
Biography
Pierre Henri Edmond Dufaur de Gavardie was born in Rouen, France on 20 January 1890. On 30 August 1914, he volunteered to serve in the French military for the duration of hostilities. He began World War I as an artilleryman, but transferred to aviation duty with Escadrille 53.
Details of his pilot's training are unknown, but he was posted to Escadrille 12 on 6 February 1916 and promoted to Adjutant the next day. He shot down a German airplane on 8 March 1916. On 12 April 1916, he was awarded the Médaille Militaire for his valorous service. Over the next seven months, he would shoot down three more airplanes, as well as two observation balloons, with his final victory on 9 November 1916. On 6 January 1917, he was inducted into the Legion d'honneur. A month later, on 7 February 1917, Dufaur de Gavardie was so badly wounded that he had to be medically evacuated. On 30 August 1917, while still on sick leave, he was commissioned as a Sous lieutenant. By 1 February 1918, he had recuperated enough to return to duty. No longer fit to fly, he was given an administrative job at a flying school.
Besides the above decorations, he also won the Croix de Guerre with seven palmes and an etoile de vermeil.
Pierre Henri Edmond Dufaur de Gavardie died on 4 October 1966.
Sources of information
Reference
Franks, Norman; Bailey, Frank (1993). Over the Front: The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 London, UK: Grub Street Publishing. .
1890 births
1966 deaths
French World War I flying aces
Place of death missing
Events in the year 1964 in Turkey.
Parliament
12th Parliament of Turkey
Incumbents
President – Cemal Gürsel
Prime Minister – İsmet İnönü
Leader of the opposition
Ragıp Gümüşpala (up to 5 June)
Sadettin Bilgiç (acting, 5 June-29 November)
Süleyman Demirel (from 29 November)
Ruling party and the main opposition
Ruling party – Republican People's Party (CHP) with Independents
Main opposition – Justice Party (AP)
Cabinet
28th government of Turkey
Events
15 January – 31 January London Conference over the issue Cyprus (no consensus)
16 March – The government was authorized by the parliament for intervention to Cyprus
31 May – Fenerbahçe won the championship of Turkish football league.
4 June – US president Lyndon Johnson's letter to İsmet İnönü concerning Cyprus issue (the content of the letter was revealed on 16 January 1966)
7 June – Senate 1/3 by elections
8 August – After Greek forces attacked Turkish positions in St Hilarion heights in Cyprus, Turkish air forces bombed Greek positions
6 October - 1964 Manyas earthquake
29 November – Süleyman Demirel was elected as the chairman of the Justice Party (AP)
1 December – According to the Ankara Agreement, preparatory term for European Union membership began.
Births
23 March – Okan Bayülgen, showman and actor
6 July – Sadullah Ergin, former government minister
22 September – Hasan Basri Güzeloğlu, Vali (governor )
7 October – Yavuz Bingöl, singer
10 October – Suat Atalık, chess player
14 October – Neşe Erberk, model, businesswomen
21 October – Levent Yüksel, singer
12 November – Semih Saygıner, professional carom billiards player
4 December – Sertap Erener, singer
Deaths
9 January – Halide Edip Adıvar (aged 80), novelist and a leader of Turkish women's rights
3 June – Kazım Orbay (aged 60) retired general who participated in the Turkisah War of Independence
5 June – Ragıp Gümüşpala (aged 67,) chairman of the Justice Party (AP)
16 July – Rauf Orbay (aged 83), a former prime minister of the provisional Government of the Grand National Assembly
25 November – Naci Tınaz (aged 82), retired general who participated in the Turkish War of Independence
Gallery
See also
1963–64 1.Lig
Turkey at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Turkey at the 1964 Winter Olympics
References
Years of the 20th century in Turkey
1964 in Europe
1964 in Asia
1964 by country
Donald Hammer Magnuson (March 7, 1911 – October 5, 1979) was an American journalist and five-term congressman from the state of Washington and an investigative journalist for the Daily Olympian and Seattle Times newspapers. He was not related to Washington's long-serving U.S. Senator Warren G. Magnuson.
Early years
Magnuson was born on a farm near Freeman, in Spokane County, Washington, the son of Ellis William Magnuson and Ida (Hammer) Magnuson. He attended the public schools and Spokane University from 1926 to 1928, then transferred to the University of Washington in Seattle, and earned a bachelor's degree in 1931. After graduation, he worked as a harvester and then as a riveter in an aircraft factory.
Journalism career
Magnuson was a newspaper reporter for the Daily Olympian and Seattle Times from 1934 to 1952. In 1942, he wrote a series of reports about loafing in the Seattle-Tacoma Shipyards. He was instrumental in obtaining the pardon of Clarence Boggie, who was wrongly convicted of murder. He earned a Heywood Broun Award for his coverage and was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize in Local Reporting in 1949 by the managing editor of the Seattle Times. His work was made into a radio episode on a national radio show: The Big Story in February, 1949. At another time, his reporting engendered so much response that 21 year-old Joe Maish's death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment two minutes before he was to hang.
In 1950, Magnuson wrote a series on alcoholism. He interviewed 6,000 men who had been treated over 15 years. He described the "conditioned-reflect treatment" which was intended to create an aversion to alcohol. This treatment was based on Pavlov's work on conditioned reflex. The treatment for alcoholism was for the staff at the sanitarium to give a patient alcohol and at the same time induce nausea with an additive.
Political career
Magnuson was elected in 1952 as a Democrat to the Eighty-third Congress and was re-elected four times, serving from January 1953 until January 1963. Magnuson was named to the Committee on Merchant Marines and Fisheries in 1955. During his time in Congress he served on the Appropriations Committee subcommittee on Department of State, Justice and Judiciary, and the Department of the Interior. He also served on the Public Works Committee with oversight over the United States Army Corps of Engineers, Bureau of Reclamation, and the Atomic Energy Commission.
Magnuson was shot through the sleeve when Puerto Rican nationalists shot up the floor of the 83rd Congress in 1954. The nationalists, identified as Lolita Lebrón, Rafael Cancel Miranda, Andres Figueroa Cordero, and Irving Flores Rodríguez, unfurled a Puerto Rican flag and began shooting at the 240 Representatives, who were debating an immigration bill. He was on the phone quickly after with the Seattle Times during the ruckus to give them the scoop, which later Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill recorded in a book of memoirs.
In 1958, Rep. Magnuson escaped serious injury in a plane crash. He appeared in a newspaper photo, a hospital identification tag pinned to his blood spotted shirt, sitting in Northwestern Hospital, Minneapolis, where he was taken following the Northwest Airlines plane crash. Magnuson was one of 60 passengers who escaped death when the plane crashed into a corn field and burst into flames. His opponent for Congress that year complained about all of the sympathetic free publicity Magnuson received as a result of the incident. At least 11 U.S. Army service members were on board, and Rep. Magnuson recommended that Private First Class Raymond C. Maruschak receive the Soldier's Medal, and credited him with saving many lives that day. Maruschak and another soldier ripped a hole in the fuselage large enough to get all of the passengers out.
On January 30, 1959, Magnuson introduced a bill to establish a shield law to keep reporters from having to reveal their sources. On February 2, 1959, he introduced a bill to grant a second income tax exemption to college students who held down a job. On February 7, 1959, he was named to the board of oversight of the U.S. Air Force Academy at Colorado Springs for 4 consecutive years. On May 22, 1959, Magnuson voted for an addition to the public works bill in an Appropriations subcommittee for $724,000 to start the Greater Wenatchee reclamation project. On August 4, 1959, Magnuson said about the upcoming Khrushchev visit, "What Khrushchev sees here may help guard against a fatal miscalculation on his part."On January 21, 1960, the Bellingham Labor News said that as a member of the Public Works Committee, Magnuson sponsored a resolution to authorize the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to review flood control studies in western Washington. On that same day, he was appointed to become a charter member of the Democratic Study Group. In 1960, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, he voted against an additional $73 million for the development of nuclear airplanes, according to The Labor Journal.
Following an extremely close victory in 1960, Magnuson lost his bid for a sixth term in 1962. He was employed by the Department of the Interior from 1963 to 1969, and by the Department of Labor from 1969 to 1973.
Death and legacy
After he retired in 1973, he resided in Seattle, where he died on October 5, 1979, and was interred in Evergreen Washelli Memorial Park in north Seattle. His papers are housed at the University of Washington Libraries; the collection contains of legislative papers and 8 film strip reels relating to his various political campaigns.
References
External links
Washington Secretary of State – History Makers – Donald Magnuson
1911 births
1979 deaths
University of Washington alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
20th-century American politicians
Rashad Muhammed (born 25 September 1993) is a French professional footballer who plays as a winger for Norwegian club Sarpsborg 08.
Career
Muhammed is a youth product of Paris Saint-Germain F.C. and began his footballing career in semi-pro leagues in Belgium. After years of issues with agents, injuries, and unpaid wages, Muhammed took a year away from football before moving to Norway with Florø. He then moved to Sarpsborg 08 where he managed to play in the Europa League. On 14 January 2019, Muhammed signed a contract with Erzurum BB in the Turkish Süper Lig.
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile for Sarpsborg 08
1993 births
Living people
Association football wingers
French footballers
Eliteserien players
Süper Lig players
Union Royale Namur Fosses-La-Ville players
Sarpsborg 08 FF players
Florø SK players
Erzurumspor footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
French expatriate sportspeople in Norway
French expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
French expatriate footballers
Pythodorida or Pythodoris of Pontus (, 30 BC or 29 BC – 38) was a Roman client queen of Pontus, the Bosporan Kingdom, Cilicia, and Cappadocia.
Origins and early life
Pythodorida is also known as Pythodoris I and Pantos Pythodorida. According to an honorific inscription dedicated to her in Athens in the late 1st century BC, her royal title was Queen Pythodorida Philometor (). Philometor means "mother-loving" and this title is associated with the Ptolemaic dynasty of Egypt.
Pythodorida was born and raised in Smyrna (modern İzmir, Turkey). She was the daughter and only child of wealthy Anatolian Greeks and friend to the late triumvir Pompey, Pythodoros of Tralles and Antonia.
Her maternal grandparents were the Roman triumvir Mark Antony and Antonia Hybrida Minor.
Queen
The successive marriages of Pythodorida illustrate how elite women, like Rome's client states, were shuffled around in the game of power politics. About 14 BC, Pythodorida married King Polemon Pythodoros of Pontus as his second wife. By this marriage she became Queen of Pontus and the Bosporan Kingdom.
Pythodorida and Polemon had two sons and one daughter, who were:
Zenon, also known as Zeno-Artaxias or Artaxias III, who became King of Armenia in 18 AD and reigned until his death in 35 AD
Marcus Antonius Polemon Pythodoros, also known as Polemon II of Pontus
Antonia Tryphaena who married King of Thrace, Cotys VIII
Polemon I died in 8 BC, and Pythodorida continued as Queen of Pontus until her death. Pythodorida was able to retain Colchis and Cilicia but not the Bosporan Kingdom which was granted to her first husband's stepson, Aspurgus. She then married King Archelaus of Cappadocia. Archelaus and Pythodorida had no children. Through her second marriage, she became Queen of Cappadocia. Pythodorida had moved with her children from Pontus to Cappadocia to live with Archelaus. When Archelaus died in 17, Cappadocia became a Roman province and she returned with her family back to Pontus.
In later years, Polemon II assisted his mother in the administration of the kingdom. Following her death, Polemon II succeeded to the throne. Pythodorida was remembered by a friend and contemporary, the Greek geographer Strabo, who is said to have described Pythodorida as a woman of virtuous character. Strabo considered her to have a great capacity for business and that under Pythodorida's rule Pontus had flourished.
Ancestry
See also
Bosporan Kingdom
List of Kings of Pontus
Roman Crimea
References
Macurdy, G., Two Studies on Women in Antiquity: Vassal Queens and Some Contemporary Women in the Roman Empire - Portraits of Royal Ladies on Greek Coins, Johns Hopkins Press, 1937; ASIN: B000WUFYY0
Worldwide guide to women in leadership
External links
An Athenian Honorific Inscription dedicated to Queen Pythodorida, which is displayed at the Epigraphical Museum (inventory no. EM 9573) in Athens, Greece
Rulers of Pontus
Queens of Pontus
Ancient queens regnant
Ancient Greek women rulers
Remarried royal consorts
Roman client rulers
1st-century BC women rulers
1st-century women rulers
1st-century monarchs in the Middle East
Rollercoaster was an annual Australian music festival held at the western foreshore (Hall Park) at Mandurah in December. The festival mainly featured modern rock music.
The first festival was held in 2005 with approximately 9,700 patrons, with between 8,500 and 9,000 people attending in 2007. The headliners for the 2007 concert were originally The Black Keys (the first international act to perform at Rollercoaster) however the band had to withdraw due to a family member's illness and they were replaced by You Am I.
The largest musical festival however was the 'Mandurah Festival' held in January, 1994 for which the headlining act was INXS, who drew an attendance of 12,000 people.
Artist lineups by year (incomplete)
26 December 2005
The Living End, Gyroscope, Spiderbait, End of Fashion, Karnivool, Kisschasy, Cowtown, The Fuzz
26 December 2006
Grinspoon, Frenzal Rhomb, The Butterfly Effect, Gyroscope, Downsyde, Behind Crimson Eyes, Cowtown, Birds of Tokyo
29 December 2007
Hilltop Hoods, You Am I, Shihad, Kisschasy, Jebediah, Birds of Tokyo, Ash Grunwald, Sneaky Weasel Gang
27 December 2008
The Living End, Gyroscope, Sneaky Sound System, Cut Copy, Operator Please, The Teenagers (France), Tame Impala
References
External links
Rollercoaster - Official website
Festivals in Perth, Western Australia
Rock festivals in Australia
The discography of Zard, a Japanese J-pop band, consists of eleven studio albums and forty-five singles. All songs have been composed by Izumi Sakai.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Live albums
Tribute albums
Singles
DVD
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Pop music group discographies
Whitewater Center may refer to:
U.S. National Whitewater Center, Charlotte, North Carolina
Ocoee Whitewater Center, near Ducktown, Tennessee, the canoe slalom venue for the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta
Sella () is a village in the municipal unit of Rio, Achaea, Greece. It is located in the northern foothills of the Panachaiko, at 500 m above sea level. The river Volinaios flows east and north of the village. It is 2 km east of Argyra and 9 km east of Rio. In 2011, it had a population of 302.
Population
See also
List of settlements in Achaea
External links
Sella at the GTP Travel Pages
References
Rio, Greece
Populated places in Achaea
USS Leopard (IX-122), an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was a United States Navy ship named for the leopard, a large and ferocious spotted cat of southern Asia and Africa. Her keel was laid down as William B. Bankhead on 5 October 1943 by Delta Shipbuilding Company, in New Orleans, Louisiana, under a Maritime Commission contract (T. Z-ET1-S-C3). She was renamed Leopard on 27 October 1943, launched on 15 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. William B. Bankhead, acquired by the Navy 24 December 1943, and commissioned on 26 December 1943.
Originally designed to carry dry cargo, Leopard was converted to a tanker, and departed Key West, Florida, on 18 January 1944 for the southwest Pacific. Arriving Bora Bora, Society Islands, on 27 February, she performed harbor fueling operations out of Australia and New Guinea until mid-April when she sailed for the Admiralty Islands. For the rest of the war, Leopard continued harbor fueling duties in the vicinity of New Guinea.
Following V-J Day, the tanker departed Seeadler Harbor on 30 August 1945 and arrived Manila Bay on 9 September where she performed similar services. Leopard remained in the Philippines until she sailed for the United States on 19 March 1946 arriving Norfolk, Virginia, on 11 May. She decommissioned there 21 June 1946 and was delivered to the War Shipping Administration the same day for disposal. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 3 July 1946.
References
Armadillo-class tankers
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in New Orleans
1943 ships
Dian Agus Prasetyo (born 3 August 1985) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga 2 club PSPS Riau.
Club career
On November 30, 2014, he was signed by Sriwijaya.
Career statistics
International appearances
References
External links
Dian Agus Prasetyo at Liga Indonesia
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from East Java
People from Ponorogo Regency
Association football goalkeepers
Indonesian footballers
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Arema F.C. players
Pelita Jaya FC players
Indonesian Premier Division players
Persegi Gianyar players
Sriwijaya F.C. players
Footballers at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Indonesia
Dongjiao Memory Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
The women's 800 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 29, 30, and 31 August 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
31 August
Semi-finals
30 August
Semi-final 1
Semi-final 2
Heats
29 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 22 athletes from 12 countries participated in the event.
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(3)
(3)
References
800 metres
800 metres at the European Athletics Championships
1978 in women's athletics
Harilaid Peninsula is a peninsula on the northwest coast of the island of Saaremaa in Estonia. It should not be confused with the islet of Harilaid which lies between the islands of Vormsi and Hiiumaa.
Harilaid covers an area of and is low lying (the highest elevation is ). It is connected to the mainland by a wide neck of land, and was a separate island until the end of the 17th century.
Large numbers of birds stop on Harilaid on their migration route, and there is a resting site of grey seals on the west coast. There is a large pine plantation on the peninsula, started in the 1970s and inhabited by elk and wild boar. The peninsula was added to the Vilsandi National Park in 1993.
There is no record of a settled population on the peninsula. The Kiipsaare Lighthouse was built at the tip of the peninsula in 1933. At that time the lighthouse was almost inland, but it is now a few metres offshore. It is now unused and has a pronounced lean as a result of erosion. The Estonian war film Somnambuul was shot there in 2004.
Access to the peninsula is by a rough road from Kihelkonna.
References
Saaremaa Parish
Peninsulas of Estonia
Former islands of Estonia
Landforms of Saare County
Tantangara is a locality in the Snowy Monaro Regional Council region of New South Wales, Australia. At the , Tantangara had a population of zero. It is the location of the Tantangara Dam on the Murrumbidgee River, part of the Snowy Mountains Scheme.
Today, the entire locality is contained in the Kosciuszko National Park. The Port Phillip Trail and Dam Trail pass through Tantangara.
Heritage listings
Tantangara has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Currango Homestead
References
Localities in New South Wales
Snowy Monaro Regional Council
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1956–57 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Östra Götaland
Västra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
GIF Sundsvall - IFK Eskilstuna 3-6 (1-1, 2-2, 0-3)
Örgryte IS - Motala AIF 3-8 (3-4, 0-4)
IFK Eskilstuna and Motala AIF promoted to Allsvenskan.
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Wola Łuszczewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Juan Pablo Pereyra (born 30 May 1984 in San Lorenzo) is an Argentine football midfielder or forward.
Career
Pereyra made his playing debut in 2006 for El Linqueño in the regionalised 4th division of Argentine football. In 2006, he joined 2nd division side Tigre where he was part of the squad that won promotion to the Primera División in 2007.
Between 2007 and 2008 he played for Uruguayan side Nacional where he scored three goals in 18 league appearances.
In 2008, he returned to Argentine football, joining Atlético Tucumán of the 2nd division. He helped the team to win the 2008-09 championship and secure automatic promotion to the Primera División.
On July 17, 2010 Pereyra signed with Estudiantes de La Plata for a reported transfer fee of close to $500,000.
In July 2011, he signed a one-year loan deal with Unión de Santa Fe and on 16 August 2012, moved to his former club Atlético Tucumán on a free transfer.
Honours
Atlético Tucumán
Primera B Nacional: 2008–09
Estudiantes
Argentine Primera División: 2010 Apertura
References
External links
Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
BDFA profile
1984 births
Living people
People from San Lorenzo Department
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Club Atlético Tigre footballers
Atlético Tucumán footballers
Club Nacional de Football players
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
Unión de Santa Fe footballers
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
Independiente Rivadavia footballers
Club Atlético Colegiales (Argentina) players
Club Cipolletti footballers
Central Córdoba de Rosario footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Torneo Federal A player
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Uruguay
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
Streptoglossa adscendens, commonly known as desert daisy, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae and grows in all mainland states of Australia with the exception of Victoria. It is a ground cover, upright or ascending perennial or annual herb with purple or pink flowers.
Description
Streptoglossa adscendens is a short-lived, leafy, many branched perennial or prostrate herb to high with faintly aromatic, glandular leaves and upright stems covered in soft, thin hairs. The leaves are oblong to lance shaped, rarely spoon shaped, long, wide, narrowing gradually at the base, margins smooth or toothed and ending in a point. The flowers are borne on a short peduncle or almost sessile usually in clusters near the apex of leafy branches, consisting of 20-40 pink florets, involucre long, enclosed by a distinctive whorl of 3 or 4 leaves long, bracts purplish or green, smooth or with soft hairs. Flowering occurs from March to October and the fruit is dry, one-seeded, ribbed, long and densely covered with silky, flattened hairs.
Taxonomy and naming
Streptoglossa adscendens was first described George Bentham in Flora Australiensis as Pterigeron adscendens. In 1981 Clyde Robert Dunlop changed the name to Streptoglossa adscendens and the description was published in Journal of the Adelaide Botanic Garden. The specific epithet (adscendens) means "ascending".
Distribution and habitat
Desert daisy grows in a variety of habitats including granite hills and the edges of salt lakes in rocky, clay soils in all Australian mainland states other than Victoria.
References
Asterales of Australia
Flora of the Northern Territory
Flora of South Australia
Flora of Western Australia
Flora of Queensland
Inuleae
Have Heart Have Money is the debut album by American rap group The Mossie, released August 26, 1997 on Sick Wid It and Jive Records. It was produced by DJ Xtra Large, K-Lou, Levitti, The Mossie, Rick Rock, Sean T, Studio Ton and Tone Capone and executive produced by B-Legit and E-40. The album peaked at number 35 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers and at number 62 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. It features guest performances by E-40, 187 Fac, Celly Cel, Levitti, B-Legit, and G-Note of Funk Mobb.
Along with a single, a music video was released for the song, "Nobody Can Be You But You", featuring E-40 and cameo appearances by B-Legit, Celly Cel, D-Shot and Suga-T.
The song, "N.S.R." (Nutt Sak Rider), was originally released on the 1997 Sick Wid It Records compilation, Southwest Riders. Another song, "Show No Shame" was slightly altered and retitled from, "Get a Bar of This Game", when it first appeared on the Sick Wid It Records compilation, The Hogg in Me in 1995.
Track listing
"This and That" (featuring Mr. Malik) – 4:24
"Gotta Get That Scrill" (featuring Suga-T) – 4:49
"Nobody Can Be You But You" (featuring E-40) – 3:48
"When I Say Jump" (featuring B-Legit) – 4:10
"N.S.R." (featuring Celly Cel) – 4:24
"Interlude #1 (Mama)" – 2:27
"Mama Used to Tell Me" (featuring Levitti) – 5:15
"White Girl for Sale" (featuring E-40 & Suga-T) – 4:14
"Interlude #2 (Cocktails)" – 0:58
"Later on at the Telly" – 4:07
"Players Roll" (featuring G-Note) – 4:37
"Strugglin'" (featuring Silk-E) – 4:30
"Show No Shame" – 4:46
"Black Ass" – 4:59
"Sick Wid It Shit" (featuring 187 Fac & Mistic) – 4:25
Chart history
Personnel
187 Fac - Performer
B-Legit - Vocals, Background Vocals, Performer, Executive Producer
Big Lurch - Background Vocals
Celly Cel - Performer
DJ Xtra Large - Producer, Engineer, Mixing
E-Way - Bass, Guitar
E-40 - Vocals, Background Vocals, Performer, Executive Producer
G-Man Stan - Engineer, Mixing
G-Note - Vocals
Indo - Mixing
K Lou - Keyboards, Vocals, Producer, Drum Programming, Mixing
Kaveo - Vocals, Background Vocals
Keba Konte - Photography
Ken Lee - Mastering
Levitti - Keyboards, Background Vocals, Producer, Performer, Drum Programming, Mixing
Mr. Malik - Vocals, Background Vocals
The Mossie - Vocals, Producer
Pleasure - Background Vocals
Rick Rock - Keyboards, Background Vocals, Producer, Engineer, Drum Programming, Mixing
Sean T - Producer
Studio Ton - Keyboards, Producer, Engineer, Drum Programming, Mixing
Suga-T - Background Vocals, Performer
Tap Dat Ass - Vocals, Background Vocals
Tone Capone - Background Vocals, Producer, Engineer, Mixing
Young Mugzi - Vocals, Background Vocals
References
External links
[ Have Heart Have Money] at Allmusic
Have Heart Have Money at Discogs
Have Heart Have Money at Tower Records
1997 debut albums
Albums produced by Rick Rock
Albums produced by Studio Ton
The Mossie albums
Jive Records albums
Sick Wid It Records albums
Warrant may refer to:
Warrant (law), a form of specific authorization
Arrest warrant, authorizing the arrest and detention of an individual
Search warrant, a court order issued that authorizes law enforcement to conduct a search for evidence
Warrant (philosophy), a proper justification for holding a belief
Warrant (rhetoric), the assumption or principle that connects data to a claim
Quo warranto, a writ requiring a person to show authority for exercising some right or power
Arts, entertainment, and media
Music
Warrant (American band), a glam metal band from Hollywood, California
Warrant (German band), a German speed metal band that formed in 1983
Films
Warrant (film), a 1975 Indian Hindi-language film directed by Pramod Chakravorty
The Warrant, a 2020 American film directed by Brent Christy
Business
Dock warrant, a document certifying that the holder is entitled to goods at a maritime dock
Track warrant, railroad line permission for a train's use of the main line
Warrant of Fitness, New Zealand assurance certifying a motor vehicle
Warrant sale, a statutory means of collecting debts in Scotland until 2001
Warranty, a business transaction assurance
Warranty (disambiguation), various types of warranty
Finance
Warrant (finance), a right, without obligation, to buy or sell something at an agreed price
Covered warrant, a warrant issued without an accompanying bond or equity
Turbo warrant, a kind of stock option
Warrant of payment, an order to an official to pay someone, similar to a check
Government
Warrant (town meeting), a document used to call and outline a town meeting
Governor general's warrant, a non-budgeted payment instrument in Canadian law
Warrant card, a proof of identification used by police officers
Warrant of Appointment, President of Ireland official document of high office appointment
Warrant of Precedence for Pakistan, Pakistan protocol for officials seating at government functions
Warrant officer (disambiguation), a rank in various military organizations
Royal warrant (disambiguation), various documents issued by a monarch
See also
Warrant Officer 1 (disambiguation)
Big Surf was a waterpark located in Tempe, Arizona. Opened in 1969 and financed by Clairol, it boasts the oldest wave pool in the United States, designed by Phil Dexter. At a ceremony on August 17, 2013 the Waikiki Beach Wave pool was designated an ASME Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark as the "first inland surfing facility in North America". The Big Surf Water park became the first amusement park to receive the ASME landmark status.
History
Big Surf was the first wave pool in the United States. Point Mallard Park in Decatur, Alabama also claims to have been first, although Big Surf opened a year earlier in the summer of 1969. Big Surf was financed by Clairol/Bristol Meyers. World champion surfer Fred Hemmings was hired as a consultant and featured surfer. He rode the first man made wave at Big Surf. At one point it featured surfing exhibitions and competitions, as well as regular use by pool patrons. The competitions were largely discontinued in the late 1980s and early 1990s due to safety and liability concerns. Daily surf sessions are held before the park opens to the general public and between 5pm-6pm. Since its opening, Big Surf has added several attractions and replaced its original sand beach with a concrete bottom.
The park celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2009. On September 2, 2009, it was reported that Big Surf would close indefinitely at the end of the day on Monday, September 7, 2009. However, later that week on September 5, the Arizona Republic reported that Big Surf would be reopened in summer 2010 by Inland Oceans LLC, acquired from Golfland Entertainment, Inc.
Additional attractions
Pink Floyd performed at Big Surf in 1972 as part of their Dark Side of the Moon Tour.
A popular teen disco known as The Rock Hop operated at Big Surf on Friday nights between 1977 and 1980.
Waterslides were added to the park in 1979.
References
External links
Big Surf Water Park
Buildings and structures in Tempe, Arizona
Water parks in Arizona
Tourist attractions in Tempe, Arizona
1969 establishments in Arizona
Toroi is a traditional Māori dish, made from mussels and a leaf vegetable, usually pūha or watercress. The ingredients are cooked together in mussel broth and stored in jars, preserved by undergoing fermentation by bacteria. Toroi can also season with ingredients such as chilli and garlic during the fermentation process.
See also
Kimchi
Knieperkohl
List of pickled foods
Sauerkraut
References
Māori cuisine
Pickles
Jarnice-Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Charlie Muscat (13 January 1963 – 13 January 2011) was a Maltese footballer.
Club career
During his career, Muscat played for Żurrieq on the Maltese top level, where he played as a striker. In the 1983/1984 season he became top goalscorer in the Maltese Football League.
International career
Muscat made his debut for Malta on 23 May 1984 in a FIFA World Cup qualification match against Sweden. He earned a total of six caps, scoring two goals. He has represented his country in 3 FIFA World Cup qualification matches.
Honours
Żurrieq
Maltese FA Trophy: 1
1985
Maltese Player of the Year: 1
1983–84
Maltese Football League Top Goalscorer: 1
1983–84
References
External links
Biography – Times of Malta
Charles Muscat Passes Away
1963 births
2011 deaths
Maltese footballers
Malta international footballers
Association football forwards
Żurrieq F.C. players
St. Patrick F.C. players
Sir Malcolm Thomas Pill (born 11 March 1938) is a former Lord Justice of Appeal, who was the longest-serving member of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales upon reaching mandatory retirement at age 75.
Pill was born on 11 March 1938 into a Cardiff family, the son of a barristers' clerk. He was educated at Whitchurch Grammar School, Cardiff and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Pill was called to the bar (Gray's Inn) in 1962.
From 1963 to 1964 he was Third Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and spent a period in Geneva at the United Nations Commission on Human Rights. For nine years he was chairman of the United Kingdom Committee of the Freedom from Hunger Campaign.
He was a Recorder from 1976 to 1987. He became a Queen's Counsel in 1978, and was appointed a High Court judge on 15 January 1988, receiving the customary knighthood, and assigned to the Queen's Bench Division. From 1989 to 1993, he was Presiding Judge for the Wales and Chester Circuit.
He was appointed a Lord Justice of Appeal on 1 February 1995, and was given the customary Privy Council appointment. Among his most notable judgments is the second appeal in the Stephen Downing case.
He retired from the Court of Appeal on 11 March 2013.
Judgments
Important decisions of Lord Justice Pill include:
Smith v Lloyds TSB Group plc [2001] QB 541
Irving v Penguin Books Ltd
HJ (Iran) and HT (Cameroon) v Secretary of State for the Home Department [2010] UKSC 31 (at Court of Appeal)
Delaware v City of Westminster [2001] UKHL 55 (at Court of Appeal)
FHR European Ventures LLP v Cedar Capital Partners LLC [2014] UKSC 45 (at Court of Appeal)
Haugesund Kommune v DEPFA ACS Bank [2010] EWCA Civ 579
Publications
(childhood memoirs)
(memoirs)
References
1938 births
Living people
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
20th-century Welsh judges
Knights Bachelor
Lords Justices of Appeal
Queen's Bench Division judges
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Queen's Counsel 2001–
People educated at Whitchurch Grammar School, Cardiff
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
21st-century Welsh judges
Willow City School is at 2501 Ranches to Market Road 1323 in Gillespie County, in the U.S. state of Texas. It was consolidated with Fredericksburg Independent School District in 1961. The building is now used as a community center. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Gillespie County, Texas on May 6, 2005.
The first school was a one-room log cabin with no floor, which doubled as a church. After being destroyed by a flood in 1890, a two-story frame house was erected. The current Willow City school is a two-story granite building erected in 1905 on land donated by J.W. Lindeman and J. C. Hardin. There was no water supply until 1920. Classes were taught here until 1957.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gillespie County, Texas
References
External links
Friends of Gillespie County Schools, Willow City
Defunct schools in Gillespie County, Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Gillespie County, Texas
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Gölebakan, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Sheo Bhagwan Tibrewal is an Indian born UK-based orthopedic surgeon. He is a Research Fellow at University of Oxford and an Honorary Senior Lecturer at King's College London GKT School of Medical Education. Born to Mohan Tibrewal, he graduated in medicine in 1973 from Ranchi University.
Tibrewal, who is listed in the Marquis Who's Who, is associated with several hospitals in London, including the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, London, as a consultant. He is also associated with the Advanced Medicare and Research Institute, Kolkata, as a mentor. The NRI Institute, a London-based organization of Indian expatriates in the UK awarded him the Pride of India Gold Award in 2004. The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2007, for his contributions to Medicine.
References
External links
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
Year of birth missing (living people)
Medical doctors from Bihar
Ranchi University alumni
Academics of King's College London
Indian orthopedic surgeons
Indian medical writers
Living people
20th-century Indian medical doctors
20th-century surgeons
"Open Your Eyes" is the debut single from the Guano Apes released in 1997.
Chart performance
"Open Your Eyes" reached No. 5 in Germany, remaining in the Top 100 for 30 weeks. It won the "Local Heroes" competition held by VIVA, beating over 1000 competitors. Due to VIVA's heavy rotation of the music video, the Guano Apes signed a deal with Gun Records, which released their debut album Proud Like a God in 1997. Steve Huey's Allmusic review of Proud Like a God called the song one of the album's "strong moments". In 1999, the single was certified gold in Germany.
Music video
The music video features the Guano Apes playing the song in a hotel lobby, empty except for several bored staff, indifferent to and sometimes vacuuming around them.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
* American debut single, released in 2000.
References
1997 debut singles
Guano Apes songs
Mary Carew Pole, Lady Carew Pole, DCVO (née Dawnay; born 1936) is a British courtier.
She was born in 1936, the daughter of Lieutenant-Colonel Ronald Dawnay (1908–1990) and Lady Elizabeth Grey (1908–1941), daughter of Charles Grey, 5th Earl Grey; through her father, she is the great-granddaughter of the 8th Viscount Downe and the 5th Marquess of Waterford, and a great-great-granddaughter of the 8th Duke of Beaufort.
Dawnay was the journalist and politician Aidan Crawley's secretary from 1962 to 1966. In 1970, Princess Anne, Princess Royal, appointed Dawnay to be a lady-in-waiting and she has remained as such since then. For her services, she was appointed a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 2003 and promoted to Dame Commander in 2018.
In 1974, Dawnay married Richard Carew Pole, who succeeded his father as 13th baronet in 1993.
References
Living people
1936 births
Members of the British Royal Household
Dames Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Wives of baronets
Eka Ramdani (born 18 June 1984 in Purwakarta, West Java), also known as Ebol, is a retired Indonesian professional footballer who lastly played for Persib Bandung.
International career
His unofficial international debut in Golkar birthday when Indonesia national football team drew 2-2 with South Africa at Gelora Bung Karno Stadium, and First official international debut in the Indonesia national football team for 2006 Merdeka Tournament by drewing 1-1 with Malaysia on 23 August 2006.
International Goals
|}
Honours
Country honors
Indonesia U-21
Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy: 2002
Indonesia
Indonesian Independence Cup: 2008
External links
Indonesian footballers
1984 births
Living people
Persib Bandung players
Sundanese people
Indonesia international footballers
Persisam Putra Samarinda players
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
Association football midfielders
Pelita Bandung Raya players
Indonesia under-21 international footballers
People from Purwakarta Regency
Sportspeople from West Java
is a 1958 Japanese period film directed by Keisuke Kinoshita and based on the 1956 novella of the same name by Shichirō Fukazawa. The film explores the legendary practice of ubasute, in which elderly people were carried to a mountain and abandoned to die.
Cast
Kinuyo Tanaka as Orin
Teiji Takahashi as Tatsuhei
Yūko Mochizuki as Tamayan
Danko Ichikawa as Kesakichi
Keiko Ogasawara as Matsu-yan
Seiji Miyaguchi as Matayan
Yūnosuke Itō as Matayan's son
Ken Mitsuda as Teruyan
Reception
The film featured in competition at the 19th Venice International Film Festival and divided critics between those who thought it a masterpiece and those who thought it poor.
The film won three Mainichi Film Awards, including Best Film; it was submitted as the Japanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 31st Academy Awards, but was not chosen as one of the five nominees.
In a June 1961 review in The New York Times, A.H. Weiler called the film "an odd and colorful evocation of Japan's past that is only occasionally striking"; "It is stylized and occasionally graphic fare in the manner of the Kabuki Theatre, which is realistically staged, but decidedly strange to Western tastes."
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times rated the film a maximum 4 stars, and added it to his Great Movies list in 2013, making it the final film he added to the list before his death.
Restoration
During the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, a digitally restored version of the film was screened out of competition, as part of the festival's Cannes Classics selections.
In a 2013 review of The Criterion Collection release of the Blu-ray Disc version of the restored film, Slant Magazine's Jordan Cronk said Kinoshita, a "less celebrated" practitioner in the jidaigeki genre,
"takes one of Japan's most chronicled cultural tools, Kabuki theater, as a stylistic blueprint to interpret both a work of literary renown and a legend of ancestral import. And yet for all its solemn reverence (both spiritually and socially), it's one of the era's most radical experiments. Shot exclusively on soundstages, save for one brief final scene, the film consolidates two distinct mediums, theater and cinema, into an analysis of both aesthetic functionality and affinity. By not masking his chosen conceptual conceit (and indeed, by heightening it), Kinoshita is free to explore the formulations and possibilities of both modes of presentation.
Cronk concludes "Kinoshita respects the source material and conventions of the culture he's depicting so much, ...that the film plays more like a cinematic elegy than cosmetic theater. When the film cuts in its final scene to actual location footage, it isn't jarring so much as relieving, a chance to exhale after an exhausting journey."
See also
The Ballad of Narayama (1983 film).
References
External links
The Ballad of Narayama: Abandonment an essay by Philip Kemp at the Criterion Collection
Films directed by Keisuke Kinoshita
Jidaigeki films
Shochiku films
1950s Japanese-language films
Best Film Kinema Junpo Award winners
1958 films
1958 drama films
Films with screenplays by Keisuke Kinoshita
1950s Japanese films
Savica Falls is a waterfall in northwestern Slovenia. It is high and is fed by a karst spring also called Savica just above the waterfall.
A large portion of water is sourced from a karst basin around Black Lake, which lies around higher above the waterfall, because of which the spring has a relatively steady and strong flow. Water flows to the spring below the ground, where it splits into two parts. After heavy rains, the water supply from the lake and its surroundings may exceed the capacity of tunnels, and a portion of water flows on the surface in cascading waterfalls high.
The waterfall continues in a stream of the same name, which flows into Lake Bohinj as its main source. Water from Lake Bohinj is further a source of the Sava Bohinjka, which forms the Sava River after joining with the Sava Dolinka.
Access
The waterfall is usually accessed from the Savica lodge, accessible from the western part of Lake Bohinj. The waterfall is about a 15-minute walk from the lodge. Is necessary to pay an entrance fee.
Gallery
References
External links
Waterfalls of Slovenia
Grit Lehmann (born 1 August 1976) is a German former professional volleyball player. In March 2013, she announced her retirement after playing her last game for Swiss club VC Kanti Schaffhausen against Volero Zürich in the Swiss Championships play-off finals.
Facts
Position: Universal (outside hitter - middleblock - Opposite)
Length: 5 ft 98
Nickname: Gretl, Griti, Grizzly
Teams
TZ Treptow (Germany)
CJD Berlin (Germany)
VC Olympia Berlin (Germany)
Marzahner SV (Germany)
Volley Cats Berlin (Germany)
Fortis Herentals (Belgien)
Asterix Kieldrecht (Belgien)
Tamera Lummen (Belgien)
Euphony Tongeren (Belgien)
VfB 91 Suhl (Germany)
VC Kanti Schaffhausen (Switzerland)
Bio
1994 German champion A-youth
1994 European championship in Hungary (youth): 3rd place
1995 world championship in Thailand (youth): 8th place
2001 winner Belgian supercup
2007 Belgian champion
2008 Winner German cup
2010 German cup, runner-up
2013 Swiss vice Champion
References
External links
Grit Lehmann official website
VC Kanti Schaffhausen - official website
1976 births
Living people
German women's volleyball players
Şanlıkışla, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Mohammad Al Saleh () is a Lebanese singer of Palestinian origin. In 2017 he released his first single, "Tayoubi".
Discography
Singles
Tayoubi (2017)
References
External links
People from Sidon
Palestinian male singers
21st-century Lebanese male singers
Lebanese people of Palestinian descent
Living people
Contestants from Arabic singing competitions
Year of birth missing (living people)
Leo Graham Jr. (born 1941) is an American Chicago-based songwriter and producer who had a string of hits with Tyrone Davis. He was nominated for Grammy Award for Best R&B Song at 23rd Annual Grammy Awards for "Shining Star"
Songs
"Turning Point"
References
External links
Leo Graham biography at AllMusic
Leo Graham discography at Discogs
A feature on Leo Graham at Soul Express
1941 births
Living people
American male songwriters
The International Progress Organization (IPO) is a Vienna-based think tank dealing with world affairs. As an international non-governmental organization (NGO) it enjoys consultative status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations and is associated with the United Nations Department of Public Information. The organization aims at promoting peaceful co-existence among all nations, in particular the dialogue among civilizations; a just international economic order; global respect for human rights; and the international rule of law. The IPO has members in more than 70 countries on all continents and organizes conferences and expert meetings on issues of conflict resolution, civilizational dialogue, international law, and United Nations reform. The organization publishes the series Studies in International Relations (since 1978) and monographs in the field of international relations theory.
The president of the IPO is Dr. Hans Köchler, the Chairman of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Innsbruck, Austria. The organization was founded in Innsbruck (Austria) in 1972 by a group of students from Austria, Egypt and India who felt a need for a new approach towards North-South relations and development partnership. Among the original supporters of the organization were the then Austrian President Rudolf Kirchschläger, Senegalese President Léopold Sédar Senghor, and Indian President Gyani Zail Singh.
Activities
Since 1974 the IPO has organized a series of lectures and conferences on the cultural dimension of international affairs (Amman 1974; Innsbruck 1974; Vienna 1979; Rome 1981; Nicosia 1984); these activities preceded the current global discourse on the dialogue of civilizations in which the I.P.O. has participated through the organization of expert meetings in Europe and the Muslim world. In 1987 the IPO initiated (in co-operation with Nobel Laureate Seán MacBride) the Lawyers' Appeal Against Nuclear War which led to a worldwide civil society campaign for a resolution by the UN General Assembly calling for an Advisory Opinion from the International Court of Justice (ICJ) on the question of the legality of nuclear arms. In September 1991 the IPO convened the Second International Conference On A More Democratic United Nations (CAMDUN-2) at the United Nations Office at Vienna. In 2000 the Secretary-General of the United Nations nominated two officials of the organization as international observers at the Lockerbie trial in the Netherlands (see also: Pan Am Flight 103 and Hans Köchler's Lockerbie trial observer mission). Since 1985, the IPO has been calling for a democratization of the United Nations Organization, in particular of the UN Security Council. Since 1987, the organization has been dealing with the problem of international terrorism, repeatedly suggesting a legal definition of terrorism by the UN General Assembly. The various initiatives and proposals are documented in the IPO conference proceedings. In addition to the organization of lectures and international conferences, the IPO has undertaken (since 1980) monitoring missions in the fields of human rights and the rule of law.
Selected conferences and expert meetings
The Cultural Self-comprehension of Nations: In co-operation with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), Innsbruck, Austria, 27–29 July 1974
The New International Economic Order – Philosophical and Socio-cultural Implications: Vienna, Austria, 2–3 April 1979
The Legal Aspects of the Palestine Problem with Special Regard to the Question of Jerusalem: Vienna, Austria, 5–7 November 1980
The Concept of Monotheism in Islam and Christianity: Rome, Italy, 17–19 November 1981
The Principles of Non-alignment – The Non-aligned Countries in the Eighties: Results and Perspectives: Baghdad, Iraq, 4–6 May 1982
The United States' Foreign Policy - Facts and Judgement: Brussels, Belgium, 28–30 September 1984
The New International Information and Communication Order – Basis for Cultural Dialogue and Peaceful Co-existence among Nations: In co-operation with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), Nicosia, Cyprus, 26–27 October 1984
Democracy in International Relations: On the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the foundation of the United Nations Organization, New York City, USA, 31 October 1985
The Crisis of Representative Democracy: Geneva, Switzerland, 15–17 November 1985
The Question of Terrorism: Geneva, Switzerland, 19–21 March 1987
The Exchange of Prisoners of War between Iran and Iraq as a Requirement of International Law and Human Rights: Geneva, Switzerland, 29–30 May 1989
Second International Conference On A More Democratic United Nations (CAMDUN-2): Convened at the United Nations Office at Vienna, 17–19 September 1991
The Sanctions Policy of the United Nations Security Council: Geneva, Switzerland, 23 May 1992
Islam and the West - The Conflict in Bosnia-Herzegovina and its Implications for a New World Order: Vienna, Austria, 25 November 1993
Democracy after the End of the East-West Conflict: In co-operation with the University of Innsbruck and University Center Luxemburg; Innsbruck, Austria, 27 May 1994
The United Nations and International Democracy: Geneva, Switzerland, 1–2 July 1994
Economic Sanctions and Their Impact on Development: In co-operation with the NGO Committee on Development; United Nations Office at Vienna; Vienna, Austria, 28 November 1996
Civilizations: Conflict or Dialogue?: In co-operation with the Departments of Philosophy and American Studies at the University of Innsbruck; Innsbruck, Austria, 8 June 1998
The Challenges of Globalization: In co-operation with the Department of Philosophy at the University of Munich; Munich, Germany, 18–19 March 1999
The United Nations and International Power Politics: The Future of World Order: In co-operation with International Human Rights Association of American Minorities and East-West University, Chicago, Ill., USA, 5 June 2004
The Use of Force in International Relations – Challenges to Collective Security: In co-operation with the Department of Philosophy at the University of Innsbruck; Innsbruck, Austria, 22 June 2005
The 'Global War on Terror' and its Implications for Muslim-Western Relations: In co-operation with the Center for Policy Research and International Studies of Malaysia Science University; Penang, Malaysia, 13–14 December 2007
Religion, State and Society in Turkey: Seminar series in Istanbul, Mardin and Ankara, Turkey (6-13 May 2011)
External links
Official website
Activities in the field of civilizational dialogue
Golden Honorary Medal of the I.P.O.
Initiatives and proposals on United Nations reform
NGO Committee on Development
Observer mission of the I.P.O. at the Lockerbie trial
Publications
Think tanks based in Austria
International organisations based in Austria
E·K·G is the fourth studio album by singer Edyta Górniak. It was released in Poland only.
Background
It was her first album after her separation from EMI Music, also marking Edyta Górniak's debut as a songwriter. She wrote the lyrics for the songs "Cygańskie serce", "Błękit myśli", and the adaptation to Polish of the Céline Dion's song "I Surrender" called "List". The album was certified gold on 19 November 2007 for 15,000 sold copies and was certified platinum a few weeks later, on 5 December 2007, for sales of 45,000. The album artwork features photos by photographer Tomasz Drezwinski.
Track listing
Dziękuję Ci (4:41)
Cygańskie serce (3:44)
To, co najlepsze (4:06)
Loving You (4:27)
Nie wierzyć nie mam sił (4:00)
Aleja gwiazd (4:11)
Love Is a Lonely Game (3:53)
Another Love Song (3:48)
Błękit myśli (4:24)
List (4:31)
Ready 4 Love (5:26)
Promo singles
Loving You (2006)
List (2007)
Dziękuję Ci (2008)
Music video
List
"List" is the Polish language adaptation of Céline Dion's song "I Surrender" that appeared on her album A New Day Has Come in 2002. For the promotion of the album, a music video was made for the song “List”. The video was filmed in the Old Town of Warsaw.
List was directed by Polish director Mirosław Kuba Brożek, who had previously directed the music video for the charity single "Wystarczy chcieć". The music video is set in the early 20th century, featuring Edyta herself and a girl in the role of a young Edyta.
References
2007 albums
Ellen Mary Paraman (1826-1892) was the governess to George Curzon, the subsequent Viceroy of India, between 1866 and 1869. She has been described as having greater involvement in Curzon's upbringing than either of his parents, before his enrollment in school, affecting his future attitude toward women and his desire for control. According to Curzon's later writing, Paraman employed cruel disciplinary techniques. In addition to employing corporal punishment and locking him up, she shamed him in various ways, including forcing him to sew and wear a bright red petticoat to which were attached insults such as "liar", "sneak", or "coward".
Family
Ellen Mary Paraman was the daughter of Robert Paraman, the governor of Norwich City Gaol. She had four sisters and one brother.
References
1826 births
1892 deaths
English governesses
The 2016–17 Northern Football League season was the 119th in the history of Northern Football League, a football competition in England.
Division One
Division One featured 19 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with three new clubs, promoted from Division Two:
Chester-le-Street Town
Ryhope Colliery Welfare
South Shields
Two teams – Bishop Auckland and South Shields – applied for promotion to step 4 for the 2017–18 season.
League table
Promotion criteria
To be promoted at the end of the season a team must:
Have applied to be considered for promotion by 30 November 2016
Pass a ground grading examination by 31 March 2017
Finish the season in a position higher than that of any other team also achieving criteria 1 and 2
Finish the season in one of the top three positions
The following two teams have achieved criterion one:
Bishop Auckland
South Shields
Division Two
Division Two featured 17 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with five new clubs:
Bedlington Terriers, relegated from Division One
Blyth Town, promoted from the Northern Football Alliance
Durham City, relegated from Division One
Norton & Stockton Ancients, relegated from Division One
Stockton Town, promoted from the Wearside League
League table
References
External links
Northern Football League official site
Northern Football League seasons
9
Lake Disappear is an intermittent volcanogenic lake (see also turlough and polje) situated in the North Island of New Zealand, just over 20 km from Raglan, 4 km beyond Bridal Veil waterfall. It has also been described as a solution lake. The south end can be seen from Kawhia Rd and, when the north end is full, it can be seen from the point which is at the end of Plateau Rd on the Pipiwharauroa Way. It is the largest known polje in the country, though another large one is in Paparoa National Park.
Lake formation, volcanism and limestone
Lake Disappear lies in a valley dammed by a lava flow (similar to the one which also formed Bridal Veil waterfall - see map below) and drained through a limestone sinkhole. The lava flow, which covered the limestone, was part of the Okete Volcanics about 2 million years ago, coming from a vent on Whataipu (see map), just over a kilometre away. Page 43 of the 'Geology of the Raglan-Kawhia Area' says, “Only a few specific areas within the larger catchments are prone to flooding where river flow is restricted, most notably at Lake Disappear (R15/795635 [now on Topo maps BD32 & BE32]) Here, the Pakoka River [should be Pakihi – Pakoka is the next valley with Bridal Veil fall] drains underground through limestone (Elgood Limestone). During times of prolonged heavy rain, water backs up behind the outlet to form a sizable lake over what are normally dry alluvial flats.”
Elgood Limestone (an outcrop is in the photo - see Gallery - to the left) is part of the Glen Massey Formation. The geology guide describes it as, “forming prominent bluffs or surface outcrops
displaying solution channels, lapiez, and sinkholes, and is everywhere a light grey, flaggy limestone containing up to 95% CaCO3. Glauconite is common throughout, together with Mesozoic pebbles and greensand near the base”. About its late Whaingaroan (about 27 million years ago) creation, it says, “The change from estuarine, shallow brackish water conditions (Mangakotuku Formation), to fully marine, open sea, aerobic conditions (Glen Massey Formation) is evidenced by near shore accumulation of the bioclastic Elgood Limestone, onlap of the succeeding Dunphail Siltstone, and subsequent deposition of Ahirau Sandstone in an inner to mid shelf environment.”
Biota
Pakihi is a Māori term now commonly used to describe poorly drained, infertile land. Much of the watershed of Lake Disappear was podocarp forest but is now mostly sheep and beef farms, with Te Uku Wind Farm around the source. A 1999 survey reported the lake-bed as dominated by adventive pasture species, with some indigenous sedges, and a remnant of secondary kahikatea forest.
A survey for the windfarm described the Pakihi, 2 km up from the Lake (site PR2), as having poor to moderate ecological health, indicated by significant growths of long-green filamentous algae. Landcare Research says, “Enrichment of the water with nutrients causes algal blooms, and changes the algal community from a slowgrowing, diverse mixture into one dominated by problem algae like thick filamentous mats”. Inanga, longfin eel, koura (freshwater crayfish), freshwater snails, shrimps and banded kokopu have been found in the stream and Kaoro Climbing galaxias (Galaxias brevipinnis) may be present. A January 2008 survey identified these indicators of stream quality as being present (the numbers on the left are the MCI Score - the higher the score, the more sensitive these macroinvertebrates are to pollution. The words on the right show how common or rare they were in the Pakihi) -
(9) Caddisfly Olinga feredayi
(9) spiny-gilled mayfly Coloburiscus humeralis occasional
(8) mayfly Deleatidium occasional
(7) double-gilled mayfly Zephlebia occasional
(7) caddisfly Rhyacophilidae abundant
(7) dobsonfly Archichauliodes diversus common
(6) riffle beetle Elmidae 6 occasional
(5) stony-cased caddisfly Pycnocentrodes common
(5) Crustacea Paratya curvirostris occasional
(4) mud snail Potamopyrgus antipodarum common
(3) sand fly Austrosimulium occasional
(3) New Zealand freshwater mussel Hyridella rare
See also
List of lakes in New Zealand
Gallery
References
Waikato District
Lakes of Waikato
Lava dammed lakes
Intermittent lakes
Swindon is a village and civil parish located in the West Midlands. The nearest major town is Dudley, approximately five miles eastwards. It stands today that Swindon is in fact actually in Wombourne and used to be where less wealthy people would live.
Historically, Swindon was part of Seisdon rural district, but in 1974 was incorporated into the new local authority of South Staffordshire.
It has a few local shops including a convenience store, two churches and a pub (The Old Bush Inn). Until recently there was another pub, The Greyhound, but this has since been converted into homes.
Having at one time seen a gradually reduced bus service through the village, in recent years a more frequent service has run. The village is served by National Express West Midlands service 16 between Wolverhampton and Stourbridge. This service runs every 30 minutes Monday to Saturday daytime and hourly on Sundays and Bank Holidays including late night journeys.
Schools
St John's CofE Primary School
Sports Teams
Swindon Cricket Club (Staffordshire)
Churches
Ebeneezer United Reformed Church
St John's Church of England Church
Shops and Pubs
The Green Man
The Old Bush
Mr Smiths' Fish and Chip Shop
Swindon Convenience Store and Post Office
Note that the Convenience store operated under the Londis fascia until 2020.
History
Swindon was formerly part of the parish of Wombourne, but was administratively distinct. A manor belonged to Englefield family, the lords of Englefield, Berkshire, as part of the manor of Himley. This manor was demised to John de Somery, Baron Somery the tenant in chief ub c.1316 and by 1346 passed to his nephew John de Sutton II, who had succeeded to the barony of Dudley. The manor then descended as part of the family estates in the area at least until William Humble Eric Ward, 3rd Earl of Dudley sold his local estates in 1947.
Chasepool is mentioned in Domesday Book as part of the property of William Fitz-Ansculf, lord of Dudley, but was waste on account of the forest. It was one of the hays (enclosed areas for hunting) of Kinver Forest. The area passed into the hands of the lords of Dudley in the 15th century, initially as lesses of the herbage and pannage. It was granted to Edward Sutton, 4th Baron Dudley when the family property was restored to him in 1555 and devolved as part of the family estates until 1947 in the same was as Swindon. By 1600 there was a lodge (Chasepool Lodge), leased to Edward Green, who probably gave his name to the adjacent Greensforge. his son also Edward gave a lease for lives of it to his son Dud Dudley.
Iron Works
Swin or Swindon Forge was once a fulling mill then a corn mill belonging to Halesowen Abbey. This was converted into a finery forge, perhaps in the 1620s. This was leased to Thomas Foley in 1647 and passed to his son Philip with many of his other ironworks in 1669. After he sold it in 1674, it passed through various hands, coming into the hands of Francis Homfray of Oldswinford by the 1720s, remaining in the hands of this family until 1820. The works were much enlarged in the 19th century, so that in 1859 there were 13 puddling furnaces. It was leased in 1866 to E. P. and W. Baldwin, the owners of the Wilden Ironworks. Their successor company amalgamated to form Richard Thomas & Baldwin Ltd, which became part of the nationalised British Steel Corporation, who closed the works in 1976. During World War II many of the village males who worked there were given reserved occupation status as the works was considered vital to the war effort. The works were demolished in the early 1980s to make way for new housing, the developments were named Swin Forge Way and Baldwin Way, Baldwin coming from the name of the works. All that remains today is the canteen which is now used as the village community centre.
The former forge at Greensforge is also within the present parish.
See also
Listed buildings in Swindon, Staffordshire
References
External links
Swindon Cricket Club
Swindon Golf Club
Swindon Crown Green Bowling Club
External links
Villages in Staffordshire
Civil parishes in Staffordshire
Kuruch (Russian: Куруч) may refer to
Kuruch-Karan, a rural locality (selo) in Bashkortostan, Russia
Kuruj Kollan (also Kūrūch Kollān), a village in Iran
Rimma Kuruch (1938–2019), Russian language educator
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by American actress and producer Viola Davis. For her work on television, she has won a Primetime Emmy Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. For her work in the theatre, she has won two Tony Awards and three Drama Desk Awards. For her work in film, she has won an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, a Golden Globe Award, three Critics' Choice Movie Awards, and four Screen Actors Guild Awards, tied with Renée Zellweger for the most film wins for an actress, and with six overall wins, she is the most awarded African-American at the Screen Actors Guild Awards. Additionally, she is a four-time Academy Award nominee, the most nominated black actress in history.
Major industry awards
Academy Awards
The Academy Awards are a set of awards given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences annually for excellence of cinematic achievements.
BAFTA Awards
The BAFTA Award is an annual award show presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
Golden Globe Awards
The Golden Globe Award is an accolade bestowed by the 93 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) recognizing excellence in film and television.
Primetime Emmy Awards
The Primetime Emmy Award is an American award bestowed by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in recognition of excellence in American primetime television programming.
Screen Actors Guild Awards
The Screen Actors Guild Awards are organized by the Screen Actors Guild‐American Federation of Television and Radio Artists. First awarded in 1995, the awards aim to recognize excellent achievements in film and television.
Tony Awards
The Antoinette Perry Award for Excellence in Theatre, more commonly known as the Tony Award, recognizes achievement in live Broadway theatre. The awards are presented by the American Theatre Wing and The Broadway League at an annual ceremony in New York City. Davis has won two awards from three nominations, all for performances in plays by August Wilson.
Other awards
AACTA Awards
The AACTA Awards are presented annually by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA) to recognize and honor achievements in the film and television industry.
AARP's Movies for Grownups Awards
The AARP's Movies for Grownups Awards "recognizes achievements of those in the entertainment industry age 50 and over, and the films that speak to that vast audience," as well as supports the overall goals of the AARP.
BET Awards
The BET Awards were established in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television network to celebrate African Americans and other minorities in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year.
Black Reel Awards
The Black Reel Awards is an annual American awards ceremony hosted by the Foundation for the Augmentation of African-Americans in Film (FAAAF) to recognize excellence in African-American, as well as those of African diaspora's cinematic achievements in the around the world film industry as assessed by the Academy's voting membership.
Black Reel Awards for Television
The Black Reel Awards is an annual American awards ceremony hosted by the Foundation for the Augmentation of African-Americans in Film (FAAAF) honoring the achievements of African-Americans and of the African Diaspora in television.
CinemaCon Award
Critics' Choice Movie Awards
The Critics' Choice Movie Awards (formerly known as the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award) is an award show presented annually by the Critics Choice Association (CCA) to honor the finest in cinematic achievement.
Critics' Choice Television Awards
The Critics' Choice Television Awards are accolades that are presented annually by the Broadcast Television Journalists Association (BTJA).
Dorian Awards
The Dorian Awards are organized by the Gay and Lesbian Entertainment Critics Association (GALECA).
Drama Desk Awards
The Drama Desk Awards are presented annually by The Drama Desk Organisation, and were first awarded in 1955 to recognize excellence in New York theatre productions on Broadway, Off-Broadway, and Off-Off-Broadway.
Gotham Awards
The Gotham Independent Film Awards are American film awards, presented annually to the makers of independent films.
Hasty Pudding Theatricals
The Hasty Pudding Woman of the Year award has been bestowed annually by the Hasty Pudding Theatricals society at Harvard University, since 1951.
Hollywood Film Awards
The Hollywood Film Awards are an American motion picture award ceremony held annually since 1997.
Hollywood Walk of Fame
The Hollywood Walk of Fame awards people of notability in the film, television, music, radio and theatre industry.
Independent Spirit Awards
The Independent Spirit Awards, founded in 1984, are awards dedicated to independent filmmakers.
Lucille Lortel Awards
The Lucille Lortel Awards recognize excellence in New York Off-Broadway theatre. The awards are named for Lucille Lortel, an actress and theater producer, and have been awarded since 1986.
MTV Movie & TV Awards
The MTV Movie & TV Awards is a film and television awards show presented annually on MTV. The nominees are decided by producers and executives at MTV. Winners are decided online by the general public. Presently voting is done through MTV's official website.
NAACP Image Awards
The NAACP Image Award is annually presented to people of color in film, television, music, and literature.
National Board of Review
The National Board of Review was founded in 1909 in New York City to award "film, domestic and foreign, as both art and entertainment".
Obie Awards
The Obie Awards or Off-Broadway Theater Awards are annual awards originally given by The Village Voice newspaper to theatre artists and groups in New York City. As the Tony Awards cover Broadway productions, the Obie Awards cover Off-Broadway and Off-Off-Broadway productions.
Online Film & Television Association
Outer Critics Circle Awards
The Outer Critics Circle Awards are presented annually for theatrical achievements both on Broadway and Off-Broadway. They were begun during the 1949-1950 theatre season. The awards are decided upon by theatre critics who review for out-of-town newspapers, national publications, and other media outlets outside of New York City.
Palm Springs International Film Festival
The Palm Springs International Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Palm Springs, California since 1989.
People's Choice Awards
The People's Choice Awards is an American awards show recognizing the people and the work of popular culture. The show has been held annually since 1975 and is voted on by the general public.
Santa Barbara International Film Festival
The Santa Barbara International Film Festival is an eleven day film festival held in Santa Barbara, California since 1986.
Satellite Awards
The Satellite Awards are a set of annual awards given by the International Press Academy. Davis has won two awards from four nominations.
Saturn Awards
The Saturn Awards are a set of annual awards given by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Films recognizing the best of film and television in those genres.
Teen Choice Awards
The Teen Choice Awards is an annual awards show that airs on the Fox television network. The awards honor the year's biggest achievements in music, movies, sports, television, fashion, and more, voted by adolescent viewers (ages 10 to 15).
Television Critics Association Awards
The TCA Awards are awarded annually by the Television Critics Association for outstanding achievements in television.
Theatre World Award
The Theatre World Award is an American honor presented annually to actors and actresses in recognition of an outstanding New York City stage debut performance, either on Broadway or off-Broadway. It was first awarded for the 1945-1946 theatre season.
Women in Film Crystal + Lucy Awards
First presented in 1977 by the Women in Film organization, Women in Film Crystal + Lucy Awards are presented to honor women in communications and media.
Critics associations
See also
Viola Davis on screen and stage
Notes
References
Davis, Viola
Kevin J. Kennedy (born 1955) is an American business executive. He is currently the CEO of Quanergy Systems (NYSE: QNGY and QNGY.WS), a growth company that develops software and sensor technology enabling 3D perception and autonomy, after joining the Board in 2019. Before Quanergy, Mr. Kennedy was the president and CEO of Avaya Inc. from January 2009 to October 2017
Kennedy holds a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Lehigh University and an MS and a PhD in engineering from Rutgers University and an EMBA from the University of Michigan. Before joining Avaya, he was CEO of JDS Uniphase Corporation, and prior to that he had worked at AT&T Bell Laboratories, Cisco Systems where he became a Senior Vice President, and then as Chief Operating Officer of Openwave Systems. During his career he has been elected to the board of directors of the following companies/organizations - UL Inc.,Kla, Digital Realty, Solar Technologies and less recently Agility Communications, Canary Foundation, Freescale Semiconductor, JDS Uniphase, Openwave, Polycom, Quantum Corporation, Rambus
In 1987, he was a congressional fellow at United States House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, and in 2010 President Barack Obama appointed him to the President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee, completing this service in 2019.
From 1982 to 1984, Kennedy was an adjunct professor at Rutgers where he published papers on computational methods, data networking, and issues of technology management.
References
External links
Avaya employees
American technology chief executives
Living people
1956 births
Lehigh University alumni
Rutgers University alumni
Rutgers University faculty
AT&T people
Cisco people
American telecommunications industry businesspeople
Chief operating officers
Górki Grubaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The 2019–20 Greek betshop.gr Basket League was the 80th season of the Greek Basket League, the top-tier level professional club basketball league in Greece. The season started in September 2019, and ended prematurely in March 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 21 May 2020, after a vote that was held between the league's 14 teams, Panathinaikos was crowned the Greek basketball league's champion for the season, marking the club's 38th Greek championship. The league's 14 teams also agreed that none of the teams would be relegated.
Proposed format changes
On 15 May 2019, the Greek Basket League announced that it was planning to expand from 14 teams to 16 teams, and that there were no league relegations scheduled from the previous 2018–19 Greek Basket League season. The teams that were scheduled to be promoted up from the secondary level Greek A2 Basket League, were to be inserted into the new 16-team league, for the 2019–20 season. However, Olympiacos was later relegated on 22 May 2019, following a meeting of the Hellenic Basketball Clubs Association's Board of Directors.
Olympiacos was relegated because the club refused to play in its playoff series against Panathinaikos. That marked the club's third forfeited game of the season, which resulted in an automatic relegation, per league rules. As further punishment, the league also stripped Olympiacos of its season wins. The league also eventually cancelled the planned expansion to 16 teams, after the proposal was rejected by the Hellenic Basketball Federation.
Teams
Promotion and relegation
Relegated from the Greek Basket League 2018–19 season
Olympiacos decided not to play against Panathinaikos in the league's playoffs, and was thus relegated down to the Greek Second Division as punishment. In addition, all of the club's wins were voided by league officials.
Promoted from the Greek A2 Basket League 2018–19 season
Ionikos Nikaias won the A2 League championship, and was thus promoted up to the first tier level, for the first time in 32 years. Iraklis Thessaloniki was also promoted, as a result of winning the playoffs round of the Greek second division. The club returned to the top-level league, after an absence of 8 years.
Locations and arenas
Head coaching changes
Regular season
League table
Results
Clubs in European-wide competitions
See also
2019–20 Greek Basketball Cup
2019–20 Greek A2 Basket League (2nd tier)
References
External links
Official Basket League Site
Official Basket League Site
Official Hellenic Basketball Federation Site
Greek Basket League seasons
1
Greek
Greek Basket League
Pepin I or Pepin I of Aquitaine (French: Pépin; 797 – 13 December 838) was King of Aquitaine and Duke of Maine.
Pepin was the second son of Emperor Louis the Pious and his first wife, Ermengarde of Hesbaye. When his father assigned to each of his sons a kingdom (within the Empire) in August 817, he received Aquitaine, which had been Louis's own subkingdom during his father Charlemagne's reign. Ermoldus Nigellus was his court poet and accompanied him on a campaign into Brittany in 824.
Rebellions
Pepin rebelled in 830 at the insistence of his brother Lothair's advisor Wala. He took an army of Gascons with him and marched all the way to Paris, with the support of the Neustrians. His father marched back from a campaign in Brittany all the way to Compiègne, where Pepin surrounded his forces and captured him. The rebellion, however, broke up.
In 832, Pepin rebelled again and his brother Louis the German soon followed. Louis the Pious was in Aquitaine to subdue any revolt, but was drawn off by the Bavarian insurrection of the younger Louis. Pepin took Limoges and other Imperial territories. The next year, Lothair joined the rebellion and, with the assistance of Ebbo, archbishop of Reims, the rebel sons deposed their father in 833. Lothair's later behaviour alienated Pepin, and the latter was at his father's side when Louis the Pious was reinstated on 1 March 834. Pepin was restored to his former status.
Death
Pepin died scarcely four years after getting restored to his former status, he was buried in the Church of St. Radegonde in Poitiers.
Marriage and issue
In 822, Pepin had married Ingeltrude, daughter of Theodobert, count of Madrie, with whom he had two sons: Pepin II (823-after 864), and Charles (825-830 - 4 June 863), who became Archbishop of Mainz.
Both were minors when Pepin died, so Louis the Pious awarded Aquitaine to his own youngest son, Pepin's half-brother Charles the Bald. The Aquitainians, however, elected Pepin's son as Pepin II. His brother Charles also briefly claimed the kingdom. Both died childless. Pepin also had two daughters, one of whom married Gerard, Count of Auvergne.
Notes
Sources
Collins, Roger. "Pippin I and the Kingdom of Aquitaine." Charlemagne's Heir: New Perspectives on the Reign of Louis the Pious, edd. P. Godman and Roger Collins. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1990. Reprinted in Law, Culture and Regionalism in Early Medieval Spain. Variorum, 1992. .
Rulers of the Carolingian Empire
Dukes of Maine
Frankish warriors
797 births
838 deaths
9th-century Frankish monarchs
Burials in Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Rebellious princes
Sons of emperors
Kira Dixon (née Kazantsev; born July 20, 1991) is an American beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss America 2015 on September 14, 2014. She is the third consecutive Miss America winner from New York and had won the title of Miss New York on May 24, 2014 while serving as Miss City of New York.
Early life and education
Kazantsev was born on July 20, 1991 in San Francisco, California, to Russian immigrants who left Moscow in 1990 for the United States, making her a first-generation American. Her father, George, is a general surgeon and her mother, Julia (née Afrikian), is a real-estate broker. She has one brother named Boris, who is eight years younger. Kazantsev is trilingual, being fluent in English, Russian, and Spanish.
She graduated from Las Lomas High School in Walnut Creek, California and served as the student body president in 2009. She attended Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York with a triple major in political science, global studies, and geography. She joined the Alpha Phi Sorority during her time at Hofstra, but was eventually removed from the sorority by the university due to concerns over hazing. During junior year at Hofstra University, she studied abroad in Barcelona, Spain. After graduating from Hofstra, Kazantsev applied to numerous law schools and was accepted to Notre Dame Law School and Fordham Law School. She stated in interviews, after being named Miss America 2015, her desire to specialize in international law upon receiving her J.D. degree.
In the summer of 2017, Kazantsev attended the Stanford Graduate School of Business completing the Stanford Ignite entrepreneurship program, which is a "suite of certificate programs that teaches innovators to formulate, develop, and commercialize their ideas."
Pageantry
Early pageantry
At age 13, she was named Miss California Preteen, and at age 16, she served as Miss California Jr.
Miss New York 2013
Kazantsev competed in the Miss New York 2013 pageant as Miss Cosmopolitan. She placed in the Top 10.
Miss New York 2014
The following year, Kazantsev competed in the Miss New York 2014 pageant as Miss City of New York. She won the title of Miss New York 2014 and was crowned by Miss New York 2013 Amanda Mason.
Miss America 2015
Kazantsev, representing New York, was one of the 52 delegates competing in the Miss America 2015 pageant held in Atlantic City, New Jersey in September 2014. Her platform was "Love Shouldn't Hurt": Protecting Women Against Domestic Violence; Kazantsev stated that her personal experience with domestic violence was the inspiration for choosing this platform.
For her talent she sang "Happy" by Pharrell Williams as she used a red plastic cup as a percussion, in a manner that was similar to Anna Kendrick's character in the movie Pitch Perfect and Kendrick's "Cups" music video.
During the on-stage question portion of the contest, she was asked what issue women in the senate need to put on the forefront. Kazantsev stated that she felt military sexual assault needed attention and resources of women in congress. She noted that she was happy that female politicians were already doing so, and proud to be a constituent of one of these women (Senator Kirsten Gillibrand).
She was crowned by outgoing Miss America 2014, Nina Davuluri, beating out first runner-up, Miss Virginia 2014, Courtney Garrett. She was the third consecutive Miss New York to earn the title of Miss America. Her win made New York the first state to have a Miss America winner three years in a row. Apart from the title, Kira won a $50,000 scholarship provided in part by Joseph Ribkoff Inc. and the Miss America Organization to continue her education, which she planned to use towards law school.
Hazing controversy
In September 2014, relying on unnamed sources, Jezebel published a piece stating that, while at Hofstra University, Kazantsev was expelled from the Alpha Phi sorority for hazing. On Good Morning America, Kazantsev admitted her involvement in activities that fit the "broad definition of hazing," but denied the allegations of abuse, describing the hazing at Alpha Phi as "menial tasks." In her personal blog, Kazantsev wrote that not attending national Alpha Phi's judiciary hearing of her case was the official reason for the termination.
Miss America role
As Miss America, Kazantsev served as the official National Goodwill Ambassador for Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Additionally, to further promote her platform of "Love Shouldn't Hurt", Kazantsev teamed up with Safe Horizon to launch the #PutTheNailinIt campaign with the aim to "end domestic violence for good." The campaign aims to spread awareness of domestic violence by painting your ring fingernail purple.
On November 23, 2014, Kazantsev appeared as a presenter at the 42nd Annual American Music Awards in Nokia Theatre L.A. Live, in Los Angeles, California. On December 15, 2014, she appeared as a presenter at the American Country Countdown Awards in Nashville, Tennessee. She also presented at the Academy of Country Music Awards on April 19, 2015, at the AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. On May 17, 2015, she appeared as a presenter with Pete Wentz at the 2015 Billboard Music Awards in the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Kazantsev was also the first Miss America in 35 years to travel with the United Service Organizations (USO) and visit troops abroad.
Career
She has had summer internships at a political consultancy in Washington, D.C., served as a volunteer for U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand's 2012 re-election campaign, waited tables, interned at a local affiliate of Planned Parenthood, launched a food blog and served as a hostess.
Kazantsev is the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals' Director of Digital Channels and Community Engagement.
In November 2017 Kazantsev launched a podcast called "What We Do," in which every week she talks with women about, "the tough issues, the challenges we've faced, the best moments, the funny moments and the not so great moments."
In 2021 she joined Golf Channel as reporter on a number of events throughout PGA Tour season while also appears on Golf Today and Golf Central shows and becoming special contributors to GolfPass. Prior to that, she served as a GolfPass Lifestyle Correspondent.
Personal life
On September 4, 2018, Kazantsev announced her engagement to long-time boyfriend and Marine, Andrew Dixon. The couple married on September 21, 2019 in Alexander Valley, California.
References
External links
Official website
1991 births
American people of Russian descent
American women podcasters
American podcasters
Living people
Hofstra University alumni
Miss America winners
Miss America 2015 delegates
Miss New York winners
People from San Francisco
People from Walnut Creek, California
Granoff may refer to:
Phyllis Granoff, a professor at Yale University;
Jonathan Granoff, president of the Global Security Institute;
Granoff School of Music, a music school in Philadelphia;
Katia Granoff, a French art dealer and writer of Russian émigré origins.
Beat My Distance is the debut studio album by Canadian band Anemone. It was released on February 15, 2019, through Luminelle Records.
Track listing
References
2019 debut albums
Anemone (band) albums
The Grad–Shafranov equation (H. Grad and H. Rubin (1958); Vitalii Dmitrievich Shafranov (1966)) is the equilibrium equation in ideal magnetohydrodynamics (MHD) for a two dimensional plasma, for example the axisymmetric toroidal plasma in a tokamak. This equation takes the same form as the Hicks equation from fluid dynamics. This equation is a two-dimensional, nonlinear, elliptic partial differential equation obtained from the reduction of the ideal MHD equations to two dimensions, often for the case of toroidal axisymmetry (the case relevant in a tokamak). Taking as the cylindrical coordinates, the flux function is governed by the equation,
where is the magnetic permeability, is the pressure, and the magnetic field and current are, respectively, given by
The nature of the equilibrium, whether it be a tokamak, reversed field pinch, etc. is largely determined by the choices of the two functions and as well as the boundary conditions.
Derivation (in Cartesian coordinates)
In the following, it is assumed that the system is 2-dimensional with as the invariant axis, i.e. for all quantities. Then the magnetic field can be written in cartesian coordinates as
or more compactly,
where is the vector potential for the in-plane (x and y components) magnetic field. Note that based on this form for B we can see that A is constant along any given magnetic field line, since is everywhere perpendicular to B. (Also note that -A is the flux function mentioned above.)
Two dimensional, stationary, magnetic structures are described by the balance of pressure forces and magnetic forces, i.e.:
where p is the plasma pressure and j is the electric current. It is known that p is a constant along any field line, (again since is everywhere perpendicular to B). Additionally, the two-dimensional assumption () means that the z- component of the left hand side must be zero, so the z-component of the magnetic force on the right hand side must also be zero. This means that , i.e. is parallel to .
The right hand side of the previous equation can be considered in two parts:
where the subscript denotes the component in the plane perpendicular to the -axis. The component of the current in the above equation can be written in terms of the one-dimensional vector potential as
.
The in plane field is
,
and using Maxwell–Ampère's equation, the in plane current is given by
.
In order for this vector to be parallel to as required, the vector must be perpendicular to , and must therefore, like , be a field-line invariant.
Rearranging the cross products above leads to
,
and
These results can be substituted into the expression for to yield:
Amar Dadel
Since and are constants along a field line, and functions only of , hence and . Thus, factoring out and rearranging terms yields the Grad–Shafranov equation:
References
Grad, H., and Rubin, H. (1958) Hydromagnetic Equilibria and Force-Free Fields. Proceedings of the 2nd UN Conf. on the Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy, Vol. 31, Geneva: IAEA p. 190.
Shafranov, V.D. (1966) Plasma equilibrium in a magnetic field, Reviews of Plasma Physics, Vol. 2, New York: Consultants Bureau, p. 103.
Woods, Leslie C. (2004) Physics of plasmas, Weinheim: WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, chapter 2.5.4
Haverkort, J.W. (2009) Axisymmetric Ideal MHD Tokamak Equilibria. Notes about the Grad–Shafranov equation, selected aspects of the equation and its analytical solutions.
Haverkort, J.W. (2009) Axisymmetric Ideal MHD equilibria with Toroidal Flow. Incorporation of toroidal flow, relation to kinetic and two-fluid models, and discussion of specific analytical solutions.
Magnetohydrodynamics
Elliptic partial differential equations
Arbeitertum (meaning Labour in English) was a fortnightly German newspaper aimed at working class readers and edited by Reinhold Muchow. It was founded with anti-Marxist and anti-Capitalist intentions. In the early 1930s, it was sponsored by the Nazi Party and in 1933 it became the official publication of the German Labor Front. It was thus used to explain to the working class the Party's position on labour affairs, with contributions from many party leaders. Der Angriff and Der Erwerbslose were two other newspapers established by the Nazi Party for the same purpose.
References
Nazi newspapers
Biweekly newspapers
Defunct newspapers published in Germany
German-language newspapers
Publications with year of disestablishment missing
Publications with year of establishment missing
Makói FC is a Hungarian football club located in Makó, Hungary. It currently plays in Hungarian National Championship II. The team's colors are yellow and green.
Football clubs in Hungary
Association football clubs established in 1989
1989 establishments in Hungary
Edward Knott, real name Matthew Wilson (1582–1656) was an English Jesuit controversialist, twice provincial of the Society of Jesus in England.
Life
He was born at Catchburn in the parish of Morpeth, Northumberland, After studying humanities in the college of the English Jesuits at St. Omer. he was on 10 October 1602 admitted an alumnus of the English College at Rome, under the assumed same of Edward Knott, which he retained through life. He was ordained priest on 27 March 1606. He entered the Society of Jesus on 2 October the same year, and upon the expiration of his novitiate in 1608 he was appointed penitentiary in Rome. For some time he was prefect of studies in the English College. He was raised to the rank of a professed father of the Society of Jesus on 30 September 1618.
During 1626 he was a missioner in the Suffolk district. He was apprehended in 1629, and was committed to the Clink prison in Southwark, but at the instance of queen Henrietta Maria's mother, Marie de' Medici, he was released and banished in January 1632 (ODNB). In 1633 he served in the London district, acting as vice-provincial to Richard Blount; in 1636 he was, in the same district, vice-provincial to Henry More, whom he succeeded as provincial of the English province in 1643. In that capacity he assisted at the eighth general congregation of the Society of Jesus, held in November 1645. Soon afterwards he returned to the English mission, and thenceforward resided for the most part in London. He was reappointed provincial on 23 March 1653, in succession to Father Francis Foster. He died in London on 4 January (O.S.) 1655–6, and was buried the next day in St. Pancras Church.
Works
His works are:
A Modest Briefe Discussion of some points taught by M. Doctour Kellison, in his Treatise of the Ecclesiasticall Hierarchy, Rouen, 1630. It appeared in Latin, Antwerp, 1631. This work against Matthew Kellison, which relates to the disputes between the secular and regular clergy, was published under the pseudonym of Nicholas Smith, and was composed by Knott in the Clink prison. Another reply to Kellison was published by Father John Floyd, and both these works were censured by the archbishop of Paris 30 January 1631, and by the Sorbonne 15 February 1631. Knott was attacked by an anonymous writer in a work entitled A Reply to M. Nicholas Smith, his Discussion of some pointes of M. Doctour Kellison his Treatise of the Hierarchie. By a Divine, Douay, 1630. A.B. justified Knott in A Defence of N. Smith against a Reply to his Discussion, &c., 1630. On 9 May 1631 Pope Urban VIII issued the brief Britannia, in which he lamented the divisions sown among the English Catholics, and commanded them to cease. But the controversy continued until the issue of Urban VIII's brief dated 19 March 1633.
Charity Mistaken, with the want whereof Catholickes are unjustlv charged, for affirming as they do with grief, that Protestancy unrepented destroyes Salvation [London], 1630. This was answered by Christopher Potter in his Want of Charity justly charged, Oxford, 1633; 2nd edit. 1634.
Mercy and Truth, or Charity maintayned by Catholykes, a reply to Potter [St. Omer], 1634. William Chillingworth subsequently replied to the first part of this work in The Religion of Protestants, 1638.
A Direction to be observed by N. N. [William Chillingworth] if hee means to proceeds in answering the booke entitled "Mercy and Truth, London, 1636. Knott, who had heard of Chillingworth's intention to reply to Mercy and Truth, here sought to put his adversary out of court by accusing him of Socinianism.
Christianity Maintained; or, A Discouery of sundry Doctrines tending to the Ouerthrowe of Christian Religion: Contained in the Answere to a Booke entituled, "Mercy and Truth" [St. Omer], 1638, (anon.) The dedication to Charles I is signed I. H.
Infidelity Unmasked, or the Confutation of Chillingworth's "Religion of Protestants," Ghent, 1652. Thomas Smith (translator and controversialist) replied to this in The Judgment of an University-man concerning Mr. Knot's last book against Mr. Chillingworth (a preface to his translation of Jean Daillé's Apologia for the Reformed Churches, Cambridge, 1653), described by Knott himself as a "witty, erudite, and solid work".
Protestancy Condemned by the expressed verdict and sentence of Protestants (anon.), Douay, 1664.
Monita utilissima pro patribus Missionis Anglicanae. Never printed.
Notes
References
1582 births
1656 deaths
17th-century English Jesuits
17th-century English writers
17th-century English male writers
People from Morpeth, Northumberland
Çayağzı is a village in the District of Hanak, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Hanak District
Sultan Biri Ibn Dunama was the son of Mai Dunama I, and Fasam from the Kayi ethnic group. Sultan Biri reigned as the king of Kanem, in the early stages of the Kanem Empire
He was once constricted by his mother for executing a thief.
Kings of Chad
History of Chad
Kanem Empire
12th-century monarchs in Africa
The 25th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 25වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1996 Sinhala cinema on April 2, 1998, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Minister C. V. Gunaratne was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Loku Duwa won the seven prestigious awards including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1998 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
La Charanga Habanera is a timba ensemble from Havana directed by David Calzado. The band has been nominated for awards including the Latin Grammy in 2003 for the album Live in the U.S.A. In 2005 Charanga Habanera was nominated for "Orgullosamente Latino" awards in three categories: the best video, the best album, and best group. Furthermore, the group has won numerous awards from Cubadiscos and Lucas.
History
La Charanga Habanera began in 1988 when a group of young people recently graduated from the art schools in Cuba formed a group to do a project of Cuban music style called charanga, that was popular in the 1940s and 1950s. The project was popular enough that they extended it for five more years. During this time they shared stage with such famous artists as Donna Summer, Stevie Wonder, James Brown, Barry White, Ray Charles, Frank Sinatra, Jerry Lewis, Whitney Houston, and Kool and the Gang. The group toured internationally in Japan, Mexico, Argentina, Peru and the United States. It is currently one of the most popular timba or Cuban salsa groups in Cuba.
1993-1997
Their first hit, "Me sube la fiebre," had made Charanga Habanera one of Cuba's most popular timba bands. The band had almost no personnel changes outside of the replacement of singer Leo Vera by Michel Maza and the addition of Danny Lozada as a third lead singer. This incarnation of La Charanga produced four historically important timba records. By 1997, La Charanga was banned by the state for its “vulgar” lyrics and risqué stage show.
1997-1998
At the Festival de la Juventud y los Estudiantes in July of 1997, Charanga Habanera performed its R-rated nightclub act on live national television, resulting in a six-month government-imposed suspension. During this time, Dany Lozada and Juan Carlos González departed to form the group which recorded the legendary Tanto le pedí. When the suspension ended the group played until the summer of 1998 without recording and then the more famous breakup occurred, resulting in the formation of Charanga Forever—Kevin Moore (2001: web).
With the departure of González and Lozada, Calzado quickly found replacements and continued rehearsing and developing new material. Sandier Ante replaced Lozada and Roberto "Cucurucho" Carlos replaced González. Eduardo Lazaga left after recording Tremendo delirio and was replaced by Gilberto Moreaux, who had previously played with Bamboleo. This second incarnation of Charanga Habanera never released an album, but did introduce new material, which was eventually recorded by Charanga Forever.
In the summer of 1998 the entire group quit en masse, with two exceptions of singer Michel "El Menor de la Salsa" Maza, and soundman Marcos Morales. Morales stayed with the group for seven years before moving to Miami to be with his family in late 2000.
1998 to 2001
In August 1998, La Charanga Habanera consisted of a lead singer, a musical director, and one soundman. Calzado quickly assembled another successful timba band. Pianist Tirso Duarte was one of Charanga Habanera's most significant members at this time. Duarte recorded original, highly syncopated timba tumbaos (piano guajeos) with tinges of Classical music. Moore recalls testing Duarte's ability to spontaneously create a tumbao based on a Classical piece: “I asked him to play a classical piano piece. He played part of Chopin's “Fantasie Impromptu in C#mi.” I then asked him to improvise on it in a timba style. Within ten minutes he had worked it into a piano tumbao and added a bassline.
On "Charanguero mayor," Duarte references classical piano music, and employs extreme harmonic displacement. The following ten elements are found in Durate's variants of the "Charanguero mayor" piano tumbao, identifying it as timba: 1. song-specific hook 2. increased length 3. contrasting gestures 4. busy left hand 5. consecutively repeated notes 6. contrary and oblique motion 7. grace note rolls 8. notes clusters and jazz voicings 9. harmonic anticipation and displacement 10. cross-rhythm. Moore: "This tumbao is not only drastically different from the salsa formula—it's also very different from other timba tumbaos, from other timba tumbaos by Tirso, and even from other timba tumbaos in this same song."
The next piano tumbao uses cluster chords. it is also unusual in that Duarte leaves out the F natural from the previous variant. Duarte displays a preference for this type of harmonic tension. He changes chords earlier than anticipated or extends them further. His tumbaos eventually return to a familiar opening phrase and reestablish the harmonic equilibrium.
Yulién Oviedo, a 15-year-old prodigy and son of Calixto Oviedo of NG La Banda, took over on timbales. The Mengual brothers, Orlandito and Lázaro (from Pacho Alonso) took over conga and bongo duties. The young jazz pianist Helder Rojas took over the synthesizer chair. Randolf Chacón (formerly with Bamboleo) became the new bassist. The new horn section consists of Osmani Collado, Yunior Romero (also from Bamboleo), Juan Manuel Jiménez (from Rojitas), and Carmelo "El abuelo" Andrés. Carmelo is the consummate professional trumpeter and had already had a long and successful career with Paulito y su Élite and Rojitas. Michel Maza was joined by Aned Mota and Noel Díaz on vocals. This new incarnation of the group consisted of some of the best young musical talent in Cuba.
Discography
(1988) Life
(1991) Cuba
(1992) Love Fever (Me sube la fiebre)
(1994) Hey you, Loca!
(1996) Pa' que se entere La Habana
(1997) Tremendo delirio
(2000) El Charanguero Mayor
(2001) Chan, chan, charanga (Tiene de Cuba tiene de melao)
(2002) Live in the U.S.A.
(2003) ¡Marina quiere bailar!
(2003) Soy cubano, soy popular
(2004) Buena Onda (bootleg)
(2004) Charanga light
(2005) El ciclón de la Habana
(2007) El rey de Los charangueros
(2009) No mires la carátula
(2011) La suerte
(2013) Charanga light 2
(2013) Se sufre pero se goza
(2017) Vivito y coleando
(2018) Subiendo la parada
References
External links
.
"Charanga Habanera", EcuRed (Cuban state wiki in Spanish)
Trailer of "Popular!", a DVD (available here) about the history of Charanga Habanera by Jen Paz Films. .
Cuban musical groups
20th-century Cuban musicians
Brian Barry-Murphy (born 27 July 1978) is an Irish professional football manager and former player who played as a defensive midfielder in the Football League. He is the current manager of the Manchester City Elite Development Squad.
He began his career at his hometown club Cork City. In 1999, he moved to English club Preston North End, but began to establish himself in league football with loan spells at Southend United and Hartlepool United. He would go on to play for Sheffield Wednesday, and Bury before signing for local rivals Rochdale in 2010.
Barry-Murphy has played internationally for the Republic of Ireland twice at under-21 level.
Early life
Barry-Murphy was born in Cork. His father, Jimmy, was a Gaelic footballer and hurler, and manager, who is widely considered to be one of the most iconic players in the history of Gaelic games.
Club career
Brian Barry-Murphy has previously played for Cork City, Preston North End and Sheffield Wednesday as well as representing the Republic of Ireland at Under 21 level. He also had loan spells at Southend United and Hartlepool United. It was at Southend in which he scored his first goal in English football in a game against Leyton Orient. He scored the 1,000th goal for Bury in Tier 4 of the English Football League in a 2–2 draw with Wrexham. This made them the first club to score 1,000 goals in all four tiers of the league.
Rochdale
On 16 June 2010 Barry-Murphy agreed terms with Rochdale and signed a four-year contract in July. He scored his first and only goal for Rochdale in a 3–1 defeat at MK Dons on 5 November 2011. Barry-Murphy was club's first team coach, as well as retaining his registration as the club's senior outfield player.
Managerial career
Barry-Murphy was appointed Rochdale's caretaker manager in March 2019 following the sacking of Keith Hill. In April 2019 he was appointed permanent manager on a two-year contract. On 30 June 2021, Barry-Murphy resigned from his position as manager.
On 24 July 2021, Barry-Murphy was announced as the manager of the Manchester City Elite Development Squad.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Association footballers from Cork (city)
Brian
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Republic of Ireland under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Cork City F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Hartlepool United F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Bury F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
League of Ireland players
English Football League players
Republic of Ireland football managers
Rochdale A.F.C. managers
English Football League managers
Rochdale A.F.C. non-playing staff
Manchester City F.C. non-playing staff
Franz Sauer (11 March 1894 – 28 October 1962) was an Austrian organist and music educator.
Life
Born in the Bielitz-Bialaer Sprachinsel in Austrian Silesia, Sauer learned music from his father at a very early age. He began with violin and piano and found his way to organ at the age of ten. He continued his education in Ziegenhals at the teacher training seminar and at the Berlin University of the Arts (with Bernhard Heinrich Irrgang) and the church music school in Regensburg. Sauer had his first position as choir director and organist in Kolsko. In 1914 he applied for the position of first Salzburg Cathedral organist. During his probationary period there in 1915 he began to work at the Mozarteum University Salzburg, teaching organ, theory and choral singing. In 1916 he officially became Organist of the Salzburg Cathedral.
In 1925 Sauer became a regular professor at the Mozarteum, which he also headed temporarily from 1938 to 1939. Other positions he held were choired master of the Salzburger Männergesangsverein (1920-1939) and first choir master of the Salzburger Liedertafel (1939–1946 and 1948–1952). As organist he also toured Germany and Italy. He remained cathedral organist in Salzburg until his death there in 1962 at the age of 68.
Publications
Handbuch der Orgelliteratur (1924)
Memoria Jerusalem : Freundesgabe Franz Sauer zum 70. Geburtstag.
Further reading
Sauer, Franz. In Wilibald Gurlitt (publi.): Riemann Musiklexikon. 12., completely revised edition. Personal section: L–Z. Schott, Mainz 1961, .
Sauer, Franz. In Carl Dahlhaus (publi.): Riemann Musiklexikon. 12., completely revised edition. Personal section: L–Z, Supplementary volume. Schott, Mainz 1975, .
References
External links
Austrian organists
Male organists
20th-century organists
Mozarteum University Salzburg faculty
German choral conductors
1894 births
1962 deaths
Musicians from Bielsko-Biała
20th-century male musicians
Jaromír "Jarda" Paciorek (born 11 July 1979) is a Czech former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Paciorek was born in Kroměříž and began his career in a local club, Hanácká Slavia Kroměříž. Soon his talent – including an overview of the game or speed – was detected by coaches of FC Svit Zlín, where Paciorek was later transferred to.
Paciorek played in the Czech under-16 team during 1995 European Under-16 Championship. The championship were successful for him and consequently some famous clubs (e.g. Bayern Munich and Feyenoord Rotterdam) wanted to transfer Paciorek. Eventually Paciorek went to Feyenoord and in his first season he played in the junior team. One year later he was promoted to the senior team, but he did not play any matches there. In 1997, he moved to Excelsior Rotterdam (2nd level). In 1998, he went to Fortuna Sittard, where he played irregularly (31 games over three years) so the club terminated the contract with Paciorek.
In 2001 Paciorek received some offers (among other from Switzerland), but eventually returned to the Czech Republic and signed a contract with 1.FC Brno (1st level). He played only five matches there. At the beginning of 2002–03 season he left the club of his own accord. Then he admitted he has been taking narcotics, commenting it as follows: "give a damn what others think of me".
In 2002, he returned to Hanácká Slavia Kroměříž, but he was not a leading player there. At the beginning of 2006 Paciorek went to Spartak Hulín (Czech Fourth Division), where he played in 36 games. In July 2009 he became a player of the Austrian club SK Eggenburg. In June 2011 he moved to FC Tescoma Zlín but retired in January 2012.
References
1979 births
Living people
People from Kroměříž
Czech footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Fastav Zlín players
Feyenoord players
Excelsior Rotterdam players
Fortuna Sittard players
FC Zbrojovka Brno players
Czech First League players
Eredivisie players
Czech expatriate footballers
Czech expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Sportspeople from the Zlín Region
Minna Bluff is a rocky promontory at the eastern end of a volcanic Antarctic peninsula projecting deep into the Ross Ice Shelf at . It forms a long, narrow arm which culminates in a south-pointing hook feature (Minna Hook), and is the subject of research into Antarctic cryosphere history, funded by the National Science Foundation, Office of Polar Programs.
The bluff is mentioned repeatedly in the history of Antarctic exploration. It was first sighted in June 1902, during Captain Scott's Discovery Expedition, 1901–04. It was thereafter recognised as a key landmark and location for vital supply depots for southern journeys towards the South Pole. Originally identified simply as "the Bluff", it was later named by Captain Scott after the wife of Royal Geographical Society former president Sir Clements Markham.
Every expedition that followed Scott on this route after his pioneering journey (including Ernest Shackleton 1908, Scott himself 1911 and Shackleton's Ross Sea Party 1914-16) used Minna Bluff to position depots and as a critical marker to guide homeward journeys. Because of the state of the ice in its immediate vicinity, the polar route was established some 20 miles to its east, depots being laid on this route within sight of the Bluff.
The researches of George Simpson, meteorologist on Scott's Terra Nova Expedition established that Minna Bluff has an effect on polar weather. The mass of the Bluff deflects eastward the southerly winds which sweep along the Ross Ice Shelf's eastern edge, and this deflection is then divided when the winds reach Ross Island some 50 miles further north. One stream sweeps into McMurdo Sound, the other goes eastward to Cape Crozier. This division of the wind direction is, among other consequences, the cause of the "windless bight" area on the southern coast of Ross Island, an exceptionally cold area of fogs and low winds, encountered on various land journeys between McMurdo Sound and Cape Crozier undertaken on Scott's two expeditions.
The bluff is often regarded as the southernmost point of Victoria Land, and separates the Scott Coast to the north from the Hillary Coast of the Ross Dependency to the south.
Minna Hook () is a massive hook-shaped volcanic feature, 9 nautical miles (17 km) long and rising to 1115 m, that forms the southeast termination of the peninsula named Minna Bluff at the south end of Scott Coast. The name derives from Minna Bluff and was first used in a geologic sketch map and report by Anne Wright-Grassham in 1987.
Minna Saddle () is a sweeping snow saddle, several miles long and wide, at the junction of Minna Bluff and the east slopes of Mount Discovery. Named in 1958 for its association with Minna Bluff by the New Zealand party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956-58.
See also
Eady Ice Piedmont, lying south of Mount Discovery and Minna Bluff
Moore Embayment, between Shults Peninsula and Minna Bluff
References
Sources
External links
Collaborative Research: Late Cenozoic Volcanism and Glaciation at Minna Bluff, Antarctica: Implications for Antarctic Cryosphere History
Cliffs of Victoria Land
Cliffs of the Ross Dependency
Scott Coast
Hillary Coast
The following is a list of notable Ann Arborites (people born in or associated with the city of Ann Arbor, Michigan). Note that it does not include people associated with Ann Arbor only as students or alumni of the University of Michigan.
Activists and advocates
Keith Hefner, activist
Artists
Virgil Exner, automobile designer
Fred Gallagher, cartoonist
Gerome Kamrowski, abstract painter
Terry LaBan, cartoonist
Benjamin McCready, portrait painter
Irving Kane Pond, architect
Anna Sui, fashion designer
Timothy Van Laar, painter
Leo Zulueta, tattoo artist
Athletes and sports figures
Kole Ayi, NFL player
Aaron Bailey, NFL wide receiver
Charles A. Baird (c. 1870–1944), first UM athletic director
Chris Ballingall, baseball player
Evan Bates, figure skater
Keith Bostic, NFL defensive back
Rebecca Bross, artistic gymnast
Ian Cole, NHL hockey player
Andrew Copp, NHL Hockey player
Fritz Crisler (1899–1982), football coach
Ali Curtis, professional soccer player
Ken Dyer, NFL player
Bunny Fabrique , was a professional baseball player who played shortstop for the 1916–1917 Brooklyn Robins.
Alison Gregorka, water polo player, Olympic silver medalist
Francie Kraker Goodridge, track and field, first Michigan-born woman on U.S. Olympic team
Eliot Halverson, figure skater
Jim Harbaugh, NFL quarterback and coach
John Harbaugh, NFL coach
Danielle Hartsell, pair skater, sister of Steve Hartsell
Steve Hartsell, pair skater, brother of Danielle Hartsell
Howdy Holmes, race driver
Keiffer Hubbell, figure skater
Madison Hubbell, figure skater
Zeke Jones, wrestling coach, Olympic silver medalist
Steven Kampfer, professional hockey player
Bruce Kimball, Olympic diver
Aaron Krickstein (born 1967), tennis player, world # 6
Steve Morrison, NFL linebacker, college football coach
Gabe Muoneke, professional basketball player
Veronica Pershina, figure skater, coach
Jeff Petry, NHL hockey player
Emily Samuelson, figure skater
Jennifer Song, professional golfer
James Toney, world champion professional boxer
Alan Webb, professional track athlete
Charlie White, ice dancer, figure skater, 2014 Olympic gold medalist
Fielding H. Yost (1871–1946), football coach
Jason Zucker (born 1992), NHL hockey player
Authors
Katherine Applegate, young adult and children's fiction writer
Clara Doty Bates, author
Charles Baxter, novelist
T. Casey Brennan, comic book author
Anne Carson, poet
Emily Colas, novelist
Nicholas Delbanco, novelist
Dorothy Marie Donnelly, poet
Donald Dunbar, poet
Loren D. Estleman, mystery and western novelist
Elizabeth Farrand, author and librarian
James Hynes, novelist
Laura Kasischke, novelist, poet
George Kao, author, translator
Elizabeth Kostova, novelist
Lillian Li, author
Bruce McConkie (1915–1985), Mormon theologian, poet
Elizabeth Meriwether, writer, producer
Angel Nafis, poet
Davi Napoleon, drama critic, theatre historian
Andrea Phillips, author, game designer
John Pollack, author, presidential speechwriter
Ann Purmell, children's book author
Davy Rothbart, author, filmmaker, journalist
Mike Rother, author on industrial management
Allan Seager (1906–1968), novelist, short story writer
Alfred Slote, children's author
Sarah Weeks, children's author
Nancy Willard, children's author
Educators
Henry Carter Adams (1851–1921), economist
Akhil Amar, legal scholar
James Burrill Angell (1829–1916), journalist, diplomat, University of Michigan president
Allen Britton (1914–2003), music educator, dean, UM School of Music
Theodore V. Buttrey (1929–2018), classicist
Carl Cohen, philosopher, activist
Charles Cooley (1864–1929), sociologist
Richard Crawford, music historian
John H. D'Arms (1934–2002), classicist
John Dewey (1859–1952), educational philosopher, reformer
Dag Øistein Endsjø, Norwegian scholar of religion
Sidney Fine (1920–2009), historian
Ben Finegold, chess Grandmaster
Robben Fleming (1916–2010), UM president
David Noel Freedman (1922–2008), biblical scholar
Harlan Hatcher (1898–1998), UM president
H. Wiley Hitchcock (1923–2007), musicologist
Catharine MacKinnon, feminist legal scholar
Mary Beth Norton, historian
Kenneth Lee Pike (1912–2000), linguist
Alvin Plantinga (born 1932), philosopher
Shael Polakow-Suransky, deputy chancellor, New York City Public Schools
Michael Porter (born 1947), economist
Martha Farnsworth Riche, economist
Michelle Rhee (born 1969), educator, activist
Wilfrid Sellars (1912–1989), philosopher
Harold Shapiro, economist, UM president
Henry Philip Tappan (1805–1881), first UM president
Claude H. Van Tyne (1869–1930), historian
Robert M. Warner (1927–2007), archivist of the United States, dean, UM School of Library Science
Glenn Watkins, musicologist
Leslie White (1900–1975), anthropologist
Letty M. Wickliffe (1902–2001), special education director in Indianapolis
Raymond Louis Wilder (1896–1982), mathematician
Entertainment
Robert Ashley, composer of television operas
Ken Burns, documentary filmmaker
Areeya Chumsai, model, filmmaker
Andrew Cohn, documentary filmmaker
Jack Falahee, actor, How To Get Away With Murder
Nicole Forester, actress
Megan Ganz, comedy writer, producer
David S. Goyer, filmmaker
Grace Henderson (1860–1944), stage and silent film actress
Gary Hutzel, visual effects supervisor
Michael Kosta, stand-up comedian and correspondent on The Daily Show
Lisa Kron, actress, playwright
Austin Nichols, actor
Lara Phillips, film and television actress
Michael Schur, television producer, writer, and actor
Kristina and Karissa Shannon, Playboy models
Martha Vickers (1925–1971), actress; wife of Mickey Rooney
Grace Lee Whitney (1930–2015), actress, Star Trek
Entrepreneurs and business figures
Tom and Louis Borders, founders of Borders Group
Jim Buckmaster, CEO of Craigslist
Bill Hewlett (1913–2001), engineer, co-founder of Hewlett-Packard
Bruce Iglauer, founder of Alligator Records
John and Thomas Knoll, creators of Adobe Photoshop
Tom Monaghan (born 1937), founder of Domino's Pizza, former Detroit Tigers owner
Eugene Power (1905–1988), microfilming and micropublishing pioneer
Jeff Shell (born 1965), CEO of NBCUniversal
Journalists, media figures
Jill Carroll, journalist, kidnapped in Iraq
Keith Gave, journalist, sportswriter
Charles J. Guiteau, writer and lawyer; responsible for the assassination of James A. Garfield
Reed Hundt, Federal Communications Commission chair
Ken Kelley (journalist), journalist, editor, and publisher
Jay Nordlinger, conservative political columnist
John Pollack, journalist, speechwriter
Monika Samtani, broadcast journalist
Mike Tirico, sportscaster, Monday Night Football
Neda Ulaby, public radio correspondent
David Westin, media CEO
Luthiers
Gregg Alf, violin maker
David Burgess, violin maker
Joseph Curtin, violin maker
Musicians and music groups
William Albright (1944–1998), composer, pianist
Katherine Anderson, singer
Robert Ashley (1930–2014), composer, audio synthesis pioneer
Ayo & Teo, music duo
Leslie Bassett (1923–2016), composer
Chris Bathgate, singer-songwriter
Eve Beglarian, composer
William Bolcom, pianist, composer
Muruga Booker, percussionist
Brownsville Station, rock group
Chenille Sisters, folk group
Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen, formed in Ann Arbor
Lewis Hugh Cooper (1920–2007), bassoonist
Max Crook, rock musician
Dabrye (Tadd Mullinix), electronic dance musician
James Dapogny, pianist, jazz scholar
Disco D (1980–2007), record producer, composer
Elephante (Tim Wu), DJ, musician, producer
Ross Lee Finney (1906–1997), composer
Tony Fontane (1925–1974), gospel singer-songwriter, actor
Frontier Ruckus, indie folk, alt-country band
Sameer Gadhia, singer, Young the Giant
Robert Glasgow (1925–2008), organist
Mayer Hawthorne, singer-songwriter and musician
Deon Jackson, soul singer-songwriter
Eva Jessye (1895–1992), choral director, composer
James Kibbie, organist
Lyndon Lawless, conductor, music educator
Eva Likova (1919–2004), operatic soprano
Marilyn Mason (1925–2019), organist
Roger, Ben, and Larry Miller
Scott Morgan, rock musician
Joan Morris, vocalist
Randy Napoleon, jazz guitarist
Nicholas Phan, opera singer
Pity Sex, indie rock band
Iggy Pop, frontman, artist, and actor
William Revelli (1902–1994), band director
H. Robert Reynolds, band director
Samiyam, hip-hop producer
Bob Seger, rock and roll singer-songwriter
Dick Siegel, jazz guitarist
Donald Sinta, saxophonist
Tom Smith, filk musician
Kate Soper, composer
Steven Springer, guitarist, songwriter
SRC, rock band
Colin Stetson, musician, composer
Tally Hall, indie rock band
Taproot, alt-rock band
Deniz Tek, guitarist with Australian rock band Radio Birdman
Vulfpeck, funk group
Andrew W.K., singing-songwriter, television host
We Are the Union, ska punk band
Ben Wilson, keyboard player in Blues Traveler
George Balch Wilson, composer
Wolf Eyes, industrial rock band
"Shakey Jake" Woods (1925–2007), street musician
Jeff Young, guitarist in Megadeth
Bryan Devendorf, drummer for the Grammy Winning Alternative rock band, The National.
Politicians
John Allen (died 1851), co-founder of Ann Arbor, attorney, state senator
Bruce Bartlett, historian, political adviser
Louis D. Belcher, mayor
Elizabeth Brater, state senator
Barbara Everitt Bryant, first woman to lead the US Census Bureau
Jane L. Campbell, mayor of Cleveland Ohio
Thomas M. Cooley (1824–1898), chief justice, Michigan Supreme Court
Samuel J. Eldersveld (1917–2010), political scientist, mayor
Marilyn L. Huff, judge
James Kingsley (1797–1878), attorney, state legislator, mayor
Chris Kolb, state legislator, first openly gay member of the Michigan legislature
Edwin Lawrence (1808–1885), Michigan jurist and state representative
William S. Maynard (1802–1866), merchant, land developer, mayor
Mike Nahan, Australian politician
Robert D. Orr (1917–2004), governor of Indiana
Edward C. Pierce (1930–2002), physician, mayor of Ann Arbor
Elisha Rumsey (1785–1827), co-founder of Ann Arbor
Brian Schatz, U.S. Senator from Hawaii
Ingrid Sheldon, mayor, 1993–2000
Benjamin Sherman, Wisconsin State Assemblyman and Senator
Neil Staebler (1905–2000), congressman, Democratic politician
L. D. Taylor (1857–1946), mayor of Vancouver
Albert H. Wheeler (1915–1994), microbiologist, first African American mayor of Ann Arbor
Scientists
Eric Betzig, physicist, Nobel laureate
Richard Crandall, physicist, computer scientist
Kazimierz Fajans (1887–1975), physical chemist
John H. Hubbell (1925–2007), radiation physicist
Emmett Leith (1927–2005), electrical engineer, co-inventor of holography
Deirdre McCloskey, economist
James V. Neel (1915–2000), geneticist
Anatol Rapoport (1911–2007), mathematical psychologist
Elizabeth S. Russell, biologist
Annette Salmeen, biochemist, Rhodes Scholar, Olympic gold medalist
John Martin Schaeberle (1853–1924), astronomer
Gene Sperling, economic advisor
Jean Tatlock, psychiatrist, physician
Samuel Ting, physicist, Nobel laureate
James Craig Watson (1838–1880), astronomer
Thomas Huckle Weller (1915–2008), virologist, Nobel laureate
Henry F. Vaughan, epidemiologist and founder of University of Michigan School of Public Health
See also
List of University of Michigan alumni
References
Ann Arbor
Ann Arbor
Rachel Joyce (born 16 June 1978) is an English professional triathlete. She is the winner of the 2011 ITU Long Distance Triathlon World Championships and the second-place finisher at the 2013 Ironman World Championship and 2015 Ironman World Championship. She races in primarily long distance triathlon events, such as Ironman and Ironman 70.3 distances, and has won events such as Ironman Mont Tremblant in 2017 and Challenge Roth in 2012.
Career
Joyce was born in Mexico City and raised in Woodbridge, Suffolk. She participated in a variety of activities growing up including gymnastics and ice skating. In high school, she swam for the Ipswich Swimming Club and competed on a national level, but eventually burned out at age 17. She read politics and law at the University of Birmingham, where she joined the swim team, which had a more social approach to the sport. At university she also competed in her first triathlon.
Joyce went on to the College of Law at Guildford and after graduating she went to work for the law firm Taylor Wessing in London as a construction solicitor.
In 2005, while working in London, Joyce continued to train with a masters swimming club. She trained and raced the London Marathon, where she ran a 3:03, and became further interested in endurance sports. Joyce purchased a bike and did some cycle touring in New Zealand. In 2006, she raced more Ironman 70.3 distance races, competing as an amateur in the 25-29 age group. That year she was the overall age group winner at the Ironman Monaco 70.3 race and the 5th place woman overall. She went on to compete at the 2006 Ironman 70.3 World Championship where she won her age group, and had the 12th fastest woman's overall time. The next year she reduced her work hours with her law firm to devote more time to training and to try to make it as a professional triathlete. But 2007 left her sidelined with injuries and illness and she considered abandoning her pursuit of becoming a pro. However, Joyce continued on with professional triathlon in 2008 and resigned from her law firm.
Professional triathlete
In 2008, Joyce took 5th at Ironman Florida and 6th at Ironman 70.3 UK. The following year she took 2nd and 3rd at Ironman Lanzarote and Ironman South Africa. With the goal of finishing in the top 10, Joyce took 6th place at the 2009 Ironman World Championship. In 2010, she improved her placing with a 5th place at the 2010 Ironman World Championship. She continued to show improved results in 2011, notching a win at Ironman Lanzarote and taking second at Ironman South Africa and Ironman 70.3 Ireland. At the Ironman World Championships that year she missed a podium spot by taking 4th at the race, just behind Leanda Cave. A month later Joyce won the 2011 ITU Long Distance Triathlon World Championships over second place Cave.
There was further success in 2012 as Joyce won Ironman 70.3 Kansas, Ironman 70.3 Muskoka, and Challenge Roth to also claim the European Long Distance Triathlon Championship. She also took second against a strong field of competition at Ironman Melbourne and 5th at the Abu Dhabi International Triathlon. At the 2013 Ironman Texas race, Joyce grabbed her third Ironman win by leading from start to finish and beating the second-place finisher by 36 minutes. That same year, coming into the 2013 Ironman World Championships, Joyce was considered to be among the favorites to win the event. In the race she was leading during the run, but was overtaken midway through the marathon by Mirinda Carfrae. Joyce would hold on to her position to finish second, her highest finish at the championship event. Her finishing time was the 5th fastest women's time in the Championship's history and the fourth woman to have broken 9 hours at the event.
Results
Joyce's notable achievements include:
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
English female triathletes
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Alumni of The University of Law
People from Woodbridge, Suffolk
Zaborów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
The women's 1500 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 1 and 3 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Heats
1 September
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 20 athletes from 14 countries participated in the event.
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
References
1500 metres
1500 metres at the European Athletics Championships
1978 in women's athletics
Wli Falls Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Wli Traditional Area in the Volta Region of Ghana. It comprises Todzi, Agoviefe and Afegame communities. It is usually celebrated in the month of September. Wli Falls is about 20 km from Hohoe.
Celebrations
During the festival, there is pomp and pageantry. There is also thanksgiving by the chiefs and peoples of the communities.
Significance
This festival is celebrated to thank God for being kind for providing them with a waterfall that is perennial and provide as a source of water in an arid area.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Volta Region
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1968 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Norra Götaland
Södra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Anomalus may refer to:
Afrotyphlops anomalus, commonly known as the Angolan giant blind snake
Alastor anomalus, a species of wasp
Allomyces anomalus, a species of fungus
Bannereus anomalus, a species of shrimp
Brettanomyces anomalus, a non-spore forming genus of yeast
Bromus anomalus, commonly known as nodding brome, a species of flowering plant
Cortinarius anomalus, also known as the variable webcap, a species of fungus
Devario anomalus, a freshwater fish
Drepanoides anomalus, a species of snake
Eleothreptus anomalus, or Sickle-winged nightjar
Galaxias anomalus, or Roundhead galaxias, a galaxiid of the genus Galaxias
Gymnopilus anomalus, a species of mushroom
Haitiophis anomalus, or Hispaniola racer, a species of snake
Heteromys anomalus, or Trinidad spiny pocket mouse
Holcosus anomalus, or Echternacht's ameiva, a species of teiid lizard
Ingensia anomalus, a species of sea snail
Neomys anomalus, or Mediterranean water shrew
Philodromus anomalus, a species of spider
Pholidobolus anomalus, a species of lizard
Raukaua anomalus, a species of shrub
Sciurus anomalus, or Caucasian squirrel
Thalassophis anomalus, a species of sea snake
Tmesisternus anomalus, a species of beetle
Verilus anomalus, a three-spined cardinalfish, a species of fish
Zosterops anomalus, or Black-ringed white-eye, a species of birds
See also
Anomalous monism, a philosophical thesis about the mind–body relationship
Clarence Cross (born Clarence Crause; March 4, 1856 – June 23, 1931) was a 19th-century professional baseball shortstop.
Sources
1856 births
1931 deaths
Baseball players from Missouri
Major League Baseball shortstops
Altoona Mountain Citys players
Philadelphia Keystones players
Kansas City Cowboys (UA) players
New York Metropolitans players
19th-century baseball players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Memphis Reds players
Scranton Indians players
Binghamton Crickets (1880s) players
Eau Claire (minor league baseball) players
Dallas Hams players
Houston Babies players
New Orleans Pelicans (baseball) players
Waco Babies players
Waco Texans players
Galveston Sand Crabs players
Fort Worth Panthers players
Spokane (minor league baseball) players
Uitwijk is a village in the municipality of Altena, in the Netherlands. It is located about 3 km south of Woudrichem, and just north of Waardhuizen. As of 2021, Uitwijk had 340 inhabitants.
History
The village was first mentioned in 1108 as Hubertus de Utwic, and means "outward lying neighbourhood". Uitwijk is an esdorp which developed on a sandy ridge during the Middle Ages.
The tower of the Dutch Reformed church dates from around 1300. The nave was built around 1500, and the choir is from the early-16th century.
Uitwijk home to 180 people in 1840, and was a part of the municipality of Almkerk (until the mid-19th century also called Almkerk en Uitwijk).
Almkerk merged into the municipality of Woudrichem in 1973, and the later merged into the municipality of Altena in 2019.
Uitwijk lies northwest of the Oude Alm stream. The hamlet of belongs to Uitwijk.
References
External links
Almkerk en Uitwijk, Brabants Historisch Informatie Centrum
Populated places in North Brabant
Geography of Altena, North Brabant
The Clausensee is a reservoir in the Schwarzbach valley in the western Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Geography
The Clausensee lies about ten kilometres east of the B 270 federal highway (from Kaiserslautern to Pirmasens) between Waldfischbach-Burgalben and Leimen. The Schwarzbach stream, also known in this section as the Burgalb, flows through the reservoir.
The surrounding hills of the Palatine Forest rise above the lake up to a height of 200 metres: the Großer Hundsberg in the north is high, the Hesselsberg in the southwest is high, and the Schmaler Kopf in the southeast is high.
Properties
The lake is about long and wide. Its total area is . In the middle of the lake, which is up to metres deep, is an island. The water quality is assessed as "better than average".
Tourism
The lake is used for tourism purposes. By the shore is a campsite and an unsupervised beach. On the last weekend in July there is an annual lake festival. Sights around the lake are described in the German article on the Schwarzbach valley.
Südwestpfalz
Rivers and lakes of the Palatinate Forest
Reservoirs in Rhineland-Palatinate
Western Palatinate
RClausensee
Rivers and lakes of Western Palatinate
Southeast Bank Limited is a private commercial bank in Bangladesh.
History
Southeast Bank Limited was established as a Public Limited Company on March 12, 1995. In the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies and Firms issued the Certificate of Commencement of Business of the Bank on the same date. The Southeast Bank received its Banking License from the Bangladesh Bank on March 23, 1995. The Bank's first branch was opened by M. Saifur Rahman, the then Finance Minister of Bangladesh as the chief guest at 1, Dilkusha Commercial Area, Dhaka on May 25, 1995. The incumbent chairman of the Bank is Alamgir Kabir, FCA. M. A. Kashem a member of the Board and Yussuf Abdullah Harun were past Presidents of the Federation of Bangladesh Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FBCCI).
At present, 18.14% of SEBL's employees are women that will rise to 45% over the next five years.
Banking
The Bank maintained a capital adequacy ratio at 11.46 percent as on December 31, 2011, against requirement of 10 percent set by Bangladesh Bank. Credit Rating Information and Services Limited (CRISL) rated the Bank AA- (Double A Minus) for the long term and ST-2 for the short term based on the financial statements of the Bank for the year 2010. Their rating for the long term remained valid up to June 1, 2012. The Credit Rating of the Bank for the year 2011 has been assigned to Credit Rating Information and services Limited (CRISL).
Southeast Bank Ltd. made operating profits worth Tk 5.50 billion in 2012 against Tk 6.05 billion in 2011.
Charity
Southeast Bank Foundation initiated a scholarship program for poor and meritorious student in 2009. The Foundation has, so far, distributed 827 scholarships to the secondary level students, while the number of scholarships to higher secondary level students stood at 1263. Since 2011, the program has been expanded to include graduation level students. On the occasion, scholarships were, for the first time, distributed to 75 students who are admitted at public universities, medical colleges, engineering universities and agricultural universities.
References
External links
Official Cards website
Southeast Financial Services (UK) Limited (SFSL)
Southeast Bank Foundation
Report On Southeast Bank Limited
Report on Recruitment procedure of Southeast Bank Limited
Banks of Bangladesh
Companies listed on the Dhaka Stock Exchange
Banks established in 1995
Banks of Bangladesh with Islamic banking services
This is a complete alphabetical list (A to F) of Medal of Honor recipients during the Civil War. Many of the awards during the Civil War were for capturing or saving regimental flags. During the Civil War, regimental flags served as the rallying point for the unit, and guided the unit's movements. Loss of the flag could greatly disrupt a unit, and could have a greater effect than the death of the commanding officer.
Medal of Honor
The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration awarded by the United States government and is bestowed on a member of the United States armed forces who distinguishes himself "…conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while engaged in an action against an enemy of the United States…" Given the risk of life required for earning the medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.
Recipients are listed alphabetically by last name. Posthumous receipt is denoted by an asterisk. The rank indicated is the individual's rank at the time of their Medal of Honor action.
A
B
C
D
E
F
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
References
Civil War A-F
A-F
Medal
Fawziya Muhammad Rashid (born 1954) is a Bahraini novelist and short story writer.
Rashid is a native of Muharraq, and completed her secondary schooling prior to beginning her professional career. She was employed for a time in Dubai under the Ministry of Housing at the United Nations office there. She began writing fiction in 1977, first achieving notice for her work in 1983. She has since published numerous novels and volumes of short stories. Her work has been anthologized in English.
References
1954 births
Living people
Bahraini novelists
Bahraini short story writers
Bahraini women writers
Women novelists
Women short story writers
20th-century novelists
20th-century short story writers
20th-century women writers
21st-century novelists
21st-century short story writers
21st-century women writers
People from Muharraq
Senator Cameron may refer to:
Members of the United States Senate
Angus Cameron (American politician) (1826–1897), U.S. Senator from Wisconsin from 1875 to 1885
J. Donald Cameron (1833–1918), U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania from 1877 to 1897
Ralph H. Cameron (1863–1953), U.S. Senator from Arizona from 1921 to 1927
Simon Cameron (1799–1889), U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania from 1867 to 1877
United States state senate members
Dean Cameron (politician) (born 1961), Idaho State Senate
Howard W. Cameron (1915–1986), Wisconsin State Senate
Walkman, stylised as , is a brand of portable audio players manufactured and marketed by Sony since 1979. The original Walkman was a portable cassette player and its popularity made "walkman" an unofficial term for personal stereos of any producer or brand. By 2010, when production stopped, Sony had built about 200 million cassette-based Walkmans. The Walkman brand was extended to serve most of Sony's portable audio devices, including DAT players, MiniDisc players/recorders, CD players (originally Discman then renamed the CD Walkman), transistor radios, mobile phones, and digital audio/media players. As of 2011, the Walkman range consists exclusively of digital players.
Development
The Compact Cassette was developed in 1963 by the Dutch electronics firm Philips. In the late 1960s, the introduction of prerecorded compact cassettes made it possible to listen to music on portable devices as well as on car stereos, though gramophone records remained the most popular format for home listening.
Sony cofounder Masaru Ibuka used Sony's bulky TC-D5 cassette recorder to listen to music while traveling for business. He asked executive deputy president Norio Ohga to design a playback-only stereo version optimized for headphone use.
The metal-cased blue-and-silver Walkman TPS-L2, the world's first low-cost personal stereo, went on sale in Japan on July 1, 1979, and was sold for around ¥33,000 (or $150.00). Though Sony predicted it would sell about 5,000 units a month, it sold more than 30,000 in the first two months.
The Walkman was followed by a series of international releases; as overseas sales companies objected to the wasei-eigo name, it was sold under several names, including Sound-about in the United States, Freestyle in Australia and Sweden, and Stowaway in the UK. Eventually, in the early 1980s, Walkman caught on globally and Sony used the name worldwide. The TPS-L2 was introduced in the US in June 1980.
The 1980s was the decade of the intensive development of the Walkman lineup. In 1981 Sony released the second Walkman model, the WM-2, which was significantly smaller compared to the TPS-L2 thanks to "inverse" mounting of the power-operated magnetic head and soft-touch buttons. Sony applied the "Walkman" brand to some transistor radios starting with the matching blue SRF-40 FM Walkman in 1980, and added a radio to some Walkman cassette models starting with the model WM-F1 in 1982. The first model with Dolby noise-reduction system appeared in 1982.
The first ultra-compact "cassette-size" Walkman was introduced in 1983, model WM-20, with a telescopic case. This allowed even easier carrying of a Walkman in bags or pockets. The first model with autoreverse was released in 1984.
In October 1985, the WM-101 model was the first in its class with a "gum stick" rechargeable battery. In 1986 Sony presented the first model outfitted with remote control, as well as one with a solar battery (WM-F107).
Within a decade of launch, Sony held a 50% market share in the United States and 46% in Japan.
Two limited editions 10th anniversary models were released in 1989 (WM-701S/T) in Japan, made of brass and plated in sterling silver. Only a few hundred were built of each. A 15th anniversary model was also made on July 1, 1994, with vertical loading, and a 20th anniversary on July 1, 1999, with a prestige model.
By 1989, 10 years after the launch of the first model, over Walkmans had been sold worldwide. units were manufactured by 1995. By 1999, 20 years after the introduction of the first model, Sony sold 186 million cassette Walkmans.
Portable compact disc players led to the decline of the cassette Walkman, which was discontinued in Japan in 2010. The last cassette-based model available in the US was the WM-FX290W, which was first released in 2004.
Marketing
The marketing of the Walkman helped introduce the idea of "Japanese-ness" into global culture, synonymous with miniaturization and high-technology. The "Walk-men" and "Walk-women" in advertisements were created to be the ideal reflections of the viewing audience. Sony implemented a marketing strategy, hiring young adults to walk around in public wearing a Walkman, offering nearby people to test out the product. Sony also hired actors to pose with the Walkman around the streets of Tokyo as an additional form of promotion.
A major component of the Walkman advertising campaign was overspecialization of the device. Prior to the Walkman, the common device for portable music was the portable radio, which could only offer listeners standard music broadcasts. Having the ability to customize a playlist was a new and exciting revolution in music consumption. Potential buyers had the opportunity to choose their perfect match in terms of mobile listening technology. The ability to play one's personal choice of music and listen privately was a huge selling point of the Walkman, especially amongst teens, who greatly contributed to its success. A diversity of features and styles suggested that there would be a product which was "the perfect choice" for each consumer. This method of marketing to an extremely expansive user-base while maintaining the idea that the product was made for each individual "[got] the best of all possible worlds—mass marketing and personal differentiation".
Impact and legacy
Culturally the Walkman had a great effect and it became ubiquitous. According to Time, the Walkman's "unprecedented combination of portability (it ran on two AA batteries) and privacy (it featured a headphone jack but no external speaker) made it the ideal product for thousands of consumers looking for a compact portable stereo that they could take with them anywhere". According to The Verge, "the world changed" on the day the Walkman was released.
The Walkman became an icon in the 1980s culture. In 1986, the word "Walkman" entered the Oxford English Dictionary. Millions used the Walkman during exercise, marking the beginning of the aerobics craze. Between 1987 and 1997, the height of the Walkman's popularity, the number of people who said they walked for exercise increased by 30%. Other firms, including Aiwa, Panasonic and Toshiba, produced similar products, and in 1983 cassettes outsold vinyl for the first time.
The Walkman has been cited to not only change people's relationship to music but also technology, due to its "solitary" and "personal" nature, as users were listening to their own music of choice rather than through a radio. It has been seen as a precursor of personal mainstream tech possessions such as personal computers or mobile phones. Headphones also started to be worn in public. This caused safety controversies in the US, which in 1982 led to the mayor of Woodbridge, New Jersey banning Walkman to be worn in public due to pedestrian accidents.
In the market, the Walkman's success also led to great adoption of the Compact Cassette format. Within a few years, cassettes were outselling vinyl records, and would continue to do so until the compact disc (CD) overtook cassette sales in 1991.
In German-speaking countries, the use of "Walkman" became generic, meaning a personal stereo of any make, to a degree that the Austrian Supreme Court of Justice ruled in 2002 that Sony could not prevent others from using the term "Walkman" to describe similar goods. It is therefore an example of what marketing experts call the "genericide" of a brand.
A large statue of a Sports Walkman FM was erected in Tokyo's Ginza district in 2019 in celebration of the 40th anniversary.
Other Walkman
In 1989, Sony released portable Video8 recorders marketed as Video Walkman, extending the brand name. In 1990 Sony released portable Digital Audio Tape (DAT) players marketed as DAT Walkman. It was extended further in 1992 for MiniDisc players with the MD Walkman brand. From 1997, Sony's Discman range of portable compact disc (CD) players started to rebrand as CD Walkman. In 2000, the Walkman brand (the entire range) was unified, and a new small icon, "W.", was made for the branding.
Digital players (1999–present)
On December 21, 1999, Sony launched its first digital audio players (DAP), under the name Network Walkman (alongside players developed by the VAIO division). The first player, which used Memory Stick storage medium, was branded as MS Walkman, shortly before the Walkman brand unification. Most future models would use built-in solid-state flash memory, although hard disk based players were also released from 2004 to 2007. They came with OpenMG copyright protection and, until 2004, exclusively supported Sony's in-house ATRAC format; there was no support for industry-standard MP3 as Sony wanted to protect its records division, Sony BMG, from piracy. Additionally, Walkman-branded mobile phones were also made by the Sony Ericsson joint venture.
Sony could not, however, repeat the success of the cassette player in the 21st century digital audio player (DAP) market. Rival Apple's iPod range became a large success in the market, hindering Walkman sales internationally, though it fared better domestically. The Network Walkman for several years had paltry market share and had also been struggling against numerous other rivals such as Creative, Rio, Mpio and iRiver, although sales and share did eventually increase fivefold in 2005 and continued improving, but still remained small. Its pricing policy, SonicStage software and lack of MP3 support in earlier years have been suggested factors of its performance. Its U.S. market share in 2006 was 1.9%, placing it behind Apple, SanDisk, Creative and Samsung. In Japan its share in 2009–2010 was between 43 and 48%, slightly ahead of Apple.
Meanwhile, Sony Computer Entertainment, a Sony division who are not involved in Walkman products, officially described their PlayStation Portable in 2004 as the "21st century Walkman".
Current range
Walkman portable digital audio and media players are the only Walkman-branded products still being produced today – although the "Network" prefix is no longer being used, the model numbers still carry the "NW-" prefix. The current product range as of 2022 are:
A Series – flagship mid-range players
B Series (except Japan) – budget-oriented thumb style music players
E Series – entry level players
S Series (Japan) – entry level players
W/WS Series – wearable music players
WM1 Series – flagship luxurious high-end players (part of Sony's Signature Series of audio products)
ZX Series – high-end music players
Since 2017, Sony also provide the Music Center for PC software on Microsoft Windows, designed for both content transfer and playback for Walkman and other audio products.
See also
Walkman effect
Stereobelt
List of Sony Walkman products
Sony Watchman
Discman
PlayStation Portable
Notes
References
External links
Official Sony website
Products introduced in 1979
1980s fads and trends
1990s fads and trends
Products and services discontinued in 2010
Consumer electronics brands
Audio players
Japanese inventions
Portable media players
Sony Ericsson mobile phones
Sony products
Models of radios
Lay preacher is a preacher or a religious proclaimer who is not a formally ordained cleric. Lay preaching varies in importance between religions and their sects. Although lay preachers in many Christian denominations may be accorded titles such as Reverend as a courtesy by people – including those in their congregation – it is only once a priest, cleric, minister or reverend has been ordained that he/she can correctly adopt that title.
Movements which encourage lay preachership include:
Awakening (Lutheran movement, especially see Hans Nielsen Hauge, Paavo Ruotsalainen, and lay preachers organized by Lars Levi Laestadius)
Methodist local preacher
Lay speaker (United Methodist Church)
Lay reader (Anglican communion)
Plymouth Brethren
Lay ecclesial ministry (Catholic), see also Bo Sanchez and Hippolytus Guarinonius
The United Reformed Church (England)
Unitarian & Free Christian Accredited Lay Preacher (Great Britain)
See also
Lay presidency, celebrating the Lord's Supper while unordained
Lay brother (lay sister)
Lay leader
Practicing without a license
Universal priesthood
References
Religious occupations
Religious terminology
Christian religious leaders
Disk-winged bats are a small group of bats of the family Thyropteridae and genus Thyroptera. They are found in Central and South America, usually in moist tropical rain forests. It is a very small family, consisting of a single genus with five extant and one fossil species.
The name comes from the suction cups found at the base of the thumb and under the heel of these animals, similar to those found in sucker-footed bats. These structures help them to cling smooth surfaces, and to remain, for example, inside young coiled banana, Heliconia, and prayer plant leaves, where they roost.
They can also be recognized by their reduced thumbs, which are enclosed by the wing membranes, and their funnel-shaped ears. They have brownish to black fur, and roost in small groups, or singly. They are insectivorous and can live in many different kinds of environments.
Taxonomy
Family Tyropteridae
Genus Thyroptera
De Vivo's disk-winged bat, Thyroptera devivoi
Peters's disk-winged bat, Thyroptera discifera
LaVal's disk-winged bat, Thyroptera lavali
Spix's disk-winged bat, Thyroptera tricolor
Patricia's disk-winged bat, Thyroptera wynneae
†Thyroptera robusta, Middle Miocene (Laventan) Honda Group, Colombia
References
Bat genera
Taxa named by Johann Baptist von Spix
Samuel Anthony Zeglinski (born June 16, 1988) is an American former basketball player. He played college basketball for the University of Virginia before going on to play professionally in Iceland, Austria and Canada. In 2013, he won the Icelandic championship as a member of Grindavík.
High school career
Zeglinski attended William Penn Charter School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In his junior season, he averaged 16.3 points and was named to the AP All-State Class AA second team. As a senior, Zeglinski averaged 18.9 points and was named to the All-Star Class AA first team. During his career at the high school level, he scored 1,642 points. A three-star recruit, Zeglinski was ranked the 41st best point guard nationally in the Class of 2007 and the best player of his position in Pennsylvania by Scout.com. He drew interest from the major college basketball programs of Georgia Tech, NC State, Penn State, Villanova, and Virginia Tech. However, he verbally committed to Virginia on September 25, 2005.
College career
In his four years at the University of Virginia, Zeglinski ranks fifth in career three-pointers completed.
Professional career
Zeglinski began his professional career in 2012 with Grindavík in the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild karla. He helped the club to win the national championship and the Supercup. The following year, he joined the Oberwart Gunners of the Österreichische Basketball Bundesliga, where he averaged 16 points, five rebounds and five assists per game. For the 2014–15 season, he signed with the Island Storm of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL). Zeglinski remained in the league for the next season, joining the Niagara River Lions.
The Basketball Tournament (TBT) (2017–present)
In the summer of 2017, Zeglinski played in The Basketball Tournament on ESPN for the Broad Street Brawlers. He competed for the $2 million prize, and with the Brawlers, he averaged 7.8 assists per game and also shot 76 percent behind the free-throw line. Zeglinski helped the Brawlers reach the second round of the tournament, only then losing to Team Colorado 111–95.
Personal life
Zeglinski grew up in Northeast Philadelphia. His brother, Joe Zeglinski, played basketball at the University of Hartford. In 2014, the Zeglinski brothers were members of the Philly Patriots in The Basketball Tournament, a 32-team five-on-five basketball tournament that had a grand prize of $500,000.
References
External links
Icelandic statistics at Icelandic Basketball Association
Profile at realgm.com
Profile at proballers.com
Profile at Eurobasket.com
1988 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Austria
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Iceland
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Philadelphia
Grindavík men's basketball players
Island Storm players
Niagara River Lions players
Point guards
Shooting guards
Úrvalsdeild karla (basketball) players
Virginia Cavaliers men's basketball players
Matilda Ziegler Magazine for the Blind (nickname, Ziegler) was a general-interest magazine for the blind and visually impaired, printed in New York City, New York, US. Founded in March 1907 by Electa Matilda Ziegler, it ended publication in 2014.
Establishment
In 1906, Walter G. Holmes of The Commercial Appeal traveled to New York City for business and while reading the New York Herald, saw a piece regarding a legacy of several thousand dollars for various charitable purposes. He wrote to the editor asking why the blind were not included in the legacy, and within a day he received a reply: "I saw your communication today and as I am interested in doing something for the blind along the printing line I would like to communicate with you. (Signed) E. M. Ziegler." Ziegler, the widow of industrialist and Arctic expeditionary financer William Ziegler, was an heiress with a blind son. Holmes was middle-aged and had a blind brother. Holmes ("Uncle Walter") became the magazine's first editor and publisher, remaining the editor for 39 years.
History
In its first year of publication, the magazine had a circulation of 6,500 in 1907. A nominal price of US$0.10 a year was charged for subscription to make it eligible for second-class mailing. Each copy was a volume of fifty pages. A special bill was introduced in the U.S. Congress in 1908 to allow it to become a free publication. By 1919, in the US, there were only large magazines for the blind and visually impaired circulated for free: Christian Record Services for the Blind, and the Matilda Ziegler Magazine. The Ziegler printed 96,000 copies per year, which meant the printing of more than 500,000 pages per month, and over 6,000,000 pages per year, while Christian Record Services for the Blind printed about half as much.
After Matilda Ziegler's death, her son, William Ziegler Jr. took over the company and her foundations. After William Jr. died, Helen Keller wrote a tribute to him in The New York Times.
In 2009, the magazine became an online version only, but by 2014, all publication was discontinued.
Publication
The magazine was established to give people without sight access to articles from print periodicals in braille, New York Point, and Moon type format. Printed on brown paper using mostly recycled material, it was mailed in a large envelope, postage-free, because of an act of Congress. Only the cover had writing, which included the magazine name, address (20 West 17th Street), and the line, "Founded in 1907 by Mrs. William Ziegler and endowed by her so that blind people may receive it free of charge."
Each issue contained a high-class story, poetry, news of the day in condensed form and one sheet of popular music. Letters from blind people describing work done successfully were published for the encouragement of others. Prizes were offered for contributions of merit by the blind. The magazine was for the blind and by the blind, as far as possible. A printing plant was established for the printing of the publication, as well as books for blind readers, in which positions were filled by blind persons as far as practical. The paper on which the magazine was printed was furnished by a blind man. As there were two prevailing styles of type, each edition was made up in both types with one-third of the copies of each edition printed in "Braille", and two-thirds in "New York Point". The magazine, which initially cost approximately $20,000 a year, was a charitable undertaking and not a money-making enterprise. It was carried on and circulated wholly at the expense of the founder; no advertisements were solicited.
References
Bibliography
External links
Official website
Magazines established in 1907
Magazines disestablished in 2014
Magazines published in New York City
Non-profit organizations based in New York City
Blindness organizations in the United States
Braille organizations
Disability mass media
Defunct magazines published in the United States
"Shōdō" is the fortieth single by B'z, released on January 25, 2006. This song is one of B'z many number-one singles in Oricon charts. The title track was used as the seventeenth opening theme of Case Closed.
Track listing
- 3:17
- 4:08
Music video
The title Shōdō shares the same pronunciation as shodo, the Japanese art of calligraphy. The music video features Japanese calligrapher Sōun Takeda writing the title in kanji.
Certifications
References
B'z performance at Oricon
External links
2006 singles
B'z songs
Case Closed songs
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
Songs written by Tak Matsumoto
Songs written by Koshi Inaba
Thomas Leishman Brown (5 November 1862 – July 1946) was an Australian trade unionist and politician who served as a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1906 to 1908, representing the seat of Geraldton.
Brown was born in Bacchus Marsh, Victoria, to Helen (née Leishman) and Thomas Brown. He trained as a carpenter and joiner, working in Melbourne until the mid-1890s, when he moved to Geraldton, Western Australia, and established his own building and contracting business. Brown unsuccessfully stood for parliament at the 1904 and 1905 state elections, losing to Henry Carson on both occasions. Carson's margin of victory in 1905 was just 26 votes, and in October 1906 the election was vacated by the Supreme Court on the grounds of voting irregularities. Brown won the resulting by-election, but Carson defeated him again at the 1908 state election. Brown made one final run for parliament in 1911, losing to Arthur Male in the seat of Kimberley. He was state secretary of the Australian Workers' Union from 1911 to 1915, when he left the state and did not return. Irregularities were subsequently discovered in the union's accounts.
Brown left Australia in 1919 & went to Chile, South America with his wife & one daughter, joined shortly after by another daughter & grandson. Worked as a builder in Chile under the new name of Arthur Rivers.6
References
6. Date and place of death. From family history ‘Scotland to Clunes' by Peter Spark
1862 births
1946 deaths
20th-century Australian politicians
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Australian trade unionists
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Bacchus Marsh
General Osório / Ipanema is a station on Line 1 of the Rio de Janeiro Metro located in the Ipanema borough of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is the line's southern terminus. The station opened in December 2009.
Station layout
The station has a layout unusual for Brazil with the two tracks located between three platforms. Internationally this is not uncommon and is referred to as the Spanish solution layout.
Transfers
MetrôRio Bus Service runs the Metrô na Superfície bus to Gávea and the Barra Expresso between General Osório / Ipanema Station and Terminal Alvorada in Barra da Tijuca.
Nearby locations
General Osório Square
Nossa Senhora da Paz Square
Lagoa Rodrigo de Freitas
Copacabana Beach
Beach of Ipanema
References
External links
Metrô Rio stations
Railway stations opened in 2009
Makidai (stylized as MAKIDAI; born 27 October 1975, in Sakae-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture) is a Japanese dancer, DJ, actor and television presenter. He is a former performer of Exile and member of PKCZ. He is a former member of the first generation J Soul Brothers and Rather Unique.
Makidai is represented with LDH.
Participating groups
Filmography
※ Bold roles are shown as his starring roles
TV dramas
Films
Stage
TV programmes
Advertisements
Radio
Voice acting
Music videos
Advertising
Bibliography
Books
DJ Makidai
DJ Makidai (stylized as DJ MAKIDAI) is the DJ name of the former Exile performer Makidai. He is a member of PKCZ. His record label is Rhythm Zone.
Discography
Participating works
Live
References
External links
on Exile Official Website
Former
on Universal Music Japan
Japanese male dancers
Japanese DJs
Japanese television presenters
Japanese hip hop musicians
Male actors from Yokohama
1975 births
Living people
Universal Music Japan artists
LDH (company) artists
The speckle-chested piculet (Picumnus steindachneri) is a species of bird in the family Picidae (woodpeckers) endemic to Peru. Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland and montane forests. It is threatened by habitat destruction as the forests are cleared to make way for agricultural land, and the IUCN has rated it as being an endangered species.
Description
This is a small species growing to a length of . It is mainly grey, black and white, the upper parts being greyish-brown speckled and barred with white or buff, the throat being whitish and the breast being black with white tear-drop markings. The flanks and the rest of the underparts are barred in black and white. The tail is blackish apart from the central two feathers and a bar near the tip which are white. The front of the crown in males is red while in females it is black.
Distribution and habitat
The speckle-chested piculet is endemic to Peru. It has a rather limited range, being only known from the central Huallaga Valley and certain parts of the Utcubamba Valley in the foothills of the eastern Andes in Peru. Its altitudinal range is between about . Its main habitat is primary moist lowland forest and moist montane forest with vines, epiphytes and bamboos, but it also occurs in secondary growth forests, and thickets in cultivated areas.
Ecology
Little is known about the breeding habits of this species. Birds may feed in family groups or in small mixed-species flocks foraging through the canopy, or they may feed alone or in pairs.
Status
P. steindachneri has a small and restricted range. It is generally uncommon, and the total number of mature adults is estimated to be between 6,000 and 15,000 birds; the population is predicted to decline by 50% or more over the next three generations as the natural forest within its range is cleared through logging, to make way for agriculture, coffee plantations and grazing land. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being endangered. It is an inconspicuous bird, and it is possible that further, unknown populations may exist in remote forests in the area.
References
External links
BirdLife species factsheet
speckle-chested piculet
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
speckle-chested piculet
speckle-chested piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Wiconisco Canal was a 19th century transportation waterway, about long, in Dauphin County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Running along the east bank of the Susquehanna River between Millersburg and Duncan's Island at the mouth of the Juniata River, the canal overcame about of vertical lift through the use of 7 locks.
Started by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the canal was completed in 1845 by a private firm and used to ship coal and other goods from northern Dauphin County to distant markets. Sold to a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania Railroad, it continued operating until largely destroyed by a flood in 1889. The canal's biggest aqueduct, No. 3 near Halifax, continues to serve as a highway bridge over Powell Creek. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988, as the Bridge in Reed Township.
History
The state began construction of the canal in 1837 or 1838. Originally built as an extension of the Eastern Division of the Pennsylvania Canal, the canal was designed by Samuel Krauss, engineer of the Eastern Division. Plans called for a dam at Clarks Ferry to provide water deep enough for canal boats to cross the Susquehanna River parallel to Clarks Ferry Bridge and to enter or exit either canal.
After the Eastern Division canal was completed, John P. Rutherford, who had managed the final stages of the Eastern Division work near Harrisburg, was named construction superintendent for the Wiconisco project. In 1839, Simon Sallade, who replaced Rutherford as superintendent, divided the canal into 25 planning sections to keep track of cost estimates, construction bids, and details about the work. Structures such as locks were bid separately from work on the canal itself and included a feeder dam on Wiconisco Creek at Millersburg and three aqueducts. Aqueduct No. 3, which carried the canal over Powell Creek and was the largest of the three aqueducts, was completed in 1840.
After 1841, the state discontinued work on the canal because of lack of funds. Because of currency depreciation related to the panics of 1837 and 1839, Pennsylvania defaulted on its debts, including money owed for canal work. In 1842, the state legislature incorporated a private firm, the Wiconisco Canal Company, to take over the canal. This company completed the canal and began using it in 1845. Under the management of Edward Gratz, the majority stockholder, the canal operated profitably through the 1850s and 1860s by shipping of anthracite coal annually from mines in the nearby Lykens Valley. Other cargoes included timber, farm products, furniture, and building materials, which could reach markets such as Philadelphia via other branches of the Pennsylvania Canal and connecting canals. In 1871, the Wiconisco Canal's miscellaneous cargo included of railroad iron, "likely sowing the seeds of its own eventual demise".
Costly repairs and years of marginal returns led the canal company to sell its assets to the Pennsylvania Canal Company, a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania Railroad, in 1871. Because shipping coal by boat was cheaper than shipping it by rail, the canal continued to operate until a flood destroyed much of it in 1889. It was closed entirely in 1890 and never re-opened.
It is likely that Aqueduct No. 3, near Halifax, continued to carry land traffic over Powell Creek in the 1890s after the canal was destroyed. Because the passage between Peters Mountain to the east and the Susquehanna to the west is narrow, north- and southbound traffic had no other way to cross the creek. A state road map in 1928 showed Legislative Route No. 1 crossing the creek on the aqueduct. Renamed Pennsylvania Route 147, the road continues to use the aqueduct as a bridge. The structure, referred to as "Bridge in Reed Township", was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Points of interest
See also
List of canals in the United States
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Pennsylvania Canal Society
American Canal Society
National Canal Museum
Canals in Pennsylvania
Transportation buildings and structures in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
Canals opened in 1845
Civera is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Civera (born 1979), Spanish singer
Mario Civera (born 1946), American politician
Victoria Civera (born 1955), Spanish-born artist
Cathedral Park is a small neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. Its boundaries are North 52nd Street to the west, West Girard Avenue and the Old Cathedral Cemetery to the south, and the SEPTA regional rail tracks to the north and east. Lancaster Avenue (US 30) runs through the eastern portion of the neighborhood, parallel to the SEPTA tracks. SEPTA's 10 trolley serves the neighborhood via Lancaster Avenue. A prominent landmark in the neighborhood is the former St. Gregory Roman Catholic Church, located at North 52nd Street and Warren Street. Today, the Greater Bible Way Temple utilizes the building. Across the street from the former St. Gregory church, at the intersection of Media Street and North 52nd Street, is the former George Institute Branch Library of the Free Library of Philadelphia. On January 9, 2011, a fire destroyed the former St. Gregory Parochial School building. At the time of the fire, the building served as the home for the Global Leadership Academy Charter School.
References
Neighborhoods in Philadelphia
West Philadelphia
The following lists events that happened during 1949 in Afghanistan.
The cold war between Afghanistan and Pakistan continues. Political circles in Kabul and the Afghan government insist that Pakistan should constitute the North-West Frontier Province as an independent Pashtun republic, or at least allow the Pashtuns of the tribal areas on the Pakistan side of the Durand Line to opt for Kabul. The British government categorically refuses the Afghan request that it should intervene. The press and wireless of Kabul continue to pour out propaganda against Pakistan. The Pakistan government refrains from reprisals and trade between the two countries goes on as before; in fact economic cooperation is offered. Afghanistan is in the grip of an economic crisis. The Persian lamb trade, a vital element in Afghan finance, is languishing; Indian import duties paralyze the export of fruit.
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Zahir Shah
Prime Minister – Shah Mahmud Khan
June 1949
The Afghan parliament cancels all treaties which former Afghan governments have signed with the British, including the Durand Line Agreement, and thus proclaims that the Afghan government does not recognize the Durand Line as a legal boundary between Afghanistan and Pakistan.
November 24, 1949
The Export-Import Bank of Washington grants Afghanistan a $21,000,000 loan on the strength of which important work on roads, bridges, and irrigation dams, which a U.S. firm had been carrying out for two or three years but which was held up because of dwindling Afghan credit, is to be resumed.
References
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
HMS Cossack was a Royal Navy destroyer launched on 10 May 1944.
Operational Service
Cossack became leader of the 8th Destroyer Squadron in 1945, remaining leader of the Flotilla until 1956. Between 1950 and 1952 she was commanded by Varyl Begg. She saw action at the Battle of Pusan Perimeter during the Korean War. On 18 May 1951, Cossack intercepted the cargo ship off Hainan, China. The ship was carrying a cargo of rubber bound for a Chinese port in contravention of a United Nations embargo. Nancy Moller was escorted back to Singapore.
Cossack supported Operation Grapple, the series of British nuclear weapons tests in 1957. On 8 December 1959 she arrived back at Devonport Dockyard after 15 years service in the Far East. The ship was scrapped in 1961.
References
Publications
Korean War destroyers of the United Kingdom
C-class destroyers (1943) of the Royal Navy
1944 ships
Ships built on the River Tyne
Ships built by Vickers Armstrong
Galina Savitskaya (born 13 July 1961) is a Belarusian former basketball player, born in Minsk, who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Basketball players from Minsk
Belarusian women's basketball players
Belarusian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Soviet expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
The United States has participated in all editions of the Summer and Winter Universiade held since 1965.
Medal count
Summer Universiade
The United States has won 1320 medals in 24 appearances at the Summer Universiade and are in first place on the all-time Summer Universiade medal table.
Winter Universiade
The United States has won 128 medals at the Winter Universiade and are in eleventh place on the all-time Winter Universiade medal table.
See also
United States at the Olympics
United States at the Paralympics
United States at the Pan American Games
References
External links
FISU History at the FISU
Nations at the Universiade
College sports in the United States
Aquabiking (also called Aqua cycling) is the combination of water sports and cycling sports. Two activities share the term. One is an underwater indoor cycling, and the other is a race featuring swimming and cycling stages.
See also
International Triathlon Union
References
Swimming
Cycle racing
In the Shadow of the Dreamchild: A New Understanding of Lewis Carroll is a 1999 book by British author Karoline Leach that posited the concept of the "Carroll Myth": the idea that many of the most famous aspects of Lewis Carroll's biography, including his supposed adoration of Alice Liddell, are more legend than fact.
Its main contentions are:
Lewis Carroll was not 'exclusively focused' on female children as has been claimed by all previous biographers.
He did not 'lose interest' in girls over the age of 14, and that many of his so-called 'child-friends' had actually been grown women.
Alice Liddell was not 'the real Alice', and that Carroll was never in love with her, or asked to marry her.
His relationships with adult women have been consistently under-examined and misreported.
His life was haunted by an unnamed pain that may have involved a guilty love affair.
The book has had considerable impact on Carroll studies and reactions to it have been very polarised.
See also
Morton N. Cohen
Hugues Lebailly
Further reading
Ronnen, Meir. "Lewis Carroll's girls". Jerusalem Post. 20 May 1999.
Heptonstall, Geoffrey. "In the Shadow of the Dreamchild". Contemporary Review. August 1999. Accessed 11 April 2011.
Rankin, Donald. Review. Victorian Studies 43(4): 650–653. Summer 2001.
Shulevitz, Judith. "THE CLOSE READER; What Was on Lewis Carroll's Mind?". The New York Times. 7 April 2002. Accessed 11 April 2011.
External links
In the Shadow of the Dreamchild, website for the book
Lewis Carroll
British non-fiction literature
Muntaner may refer to:
Muntaner (surname)
Muntaner (Barcelona–Vallès Line)
Chronicle of Muntaner
Khiyo is the debut studio album by Khiyo, released on 28 August 2014.
Background and release
The album was recorded over seven years. It was launched at the Forge in Camden Town, London on 28 August 2014 and re-released a year later by ARC Music.
Track listing
Critical response
Songlines magazine's Amardeep Dhillon wrote, "An album of covers, Khiyo's self-titled debut is nevertheless a refreshing, original collection and is a fitting testament of Bengali identity."
Tim Chipping in fRoots said, "What's striking about Khiyo is the way each seemingly disparate element is played with the same conviction. They are as much a viceral rock band as they are intrepid interpreters of traditional Bengali songs."
In World Music Central, Arthur Shuey wrote: "In brief, this CD sounds like what would have happened if Pete Townshend had gone to India with the Beatles. It is full of power chords and passion...Now invest in it."
Adam Barnett of Newham Recorder and East London Advertiser said, "Khiyo's eclectic first album marries a grungy rhythm-section and dreamy acoustic guitars to classic Bangladeshi melodies in a way that feels natural and fresh."The Daily Ittefaq described it as an "Exceptional presentation and intelligent musical arrangement." RemoteGoat called it "Something different and altogether more interesting." Sangeeta Datta of Pulse Connects described it as "lucid and evocative". Arman R. Khan of Bangladesh's largest English newspaperThe Daily Star said, "Very potent, and can give you goosebumps."
See also
British Bangladeshi
List of British Bangladeshis
References
External links
2014 debut albums
Bengali-language albums
ARC Music albums
Khiyo albums
Sergius (or Serge) and Bacchus were fourth-century Roman Christian soldiers revered as martyrs and military saints by the Catholic, Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Churches. Their feast day is 7 October.
According to their hagiography, Sergius and Bacchus were officers in Galerius' army, and were held high in his favor until they were exposed as secret Christians. They were then severely punished, with Bacchus dying during torture, and Sergius eventually beheaded.
Sergius and Bacchus were very popular throughout Late Antiquity, and churches in their honor were built in several cities, including Constantinople and Rome. The close friendship between the two is strongly emphasized in their hagiographies and traditions, making them one of the most famous examples of paired saints. This closeness led the historian John Boswell to suggest that their relationship was a romantic one; though other historians have widely rejected this theory, it has led to popular veneration of Sergius and Bacchus in the gay Christian community.
Legend
The story of Sergius and Bacchus is told in the Greek text known as The Passion of Sergius and Bacchus. The story is ostensibly set during the reign of Roman emperor Galerius (305 to 311), though it contains a number of contradictions and anachronisms that make dating difficult. The work itself may date to the mid-5th century.
According to the text, Sergius and Bacchus were Roman citizens and high-ranking officers of the Roman army, but their conversion to Christianity was discovered when they attempted to avoid accompanying a Roman official into a pagan temple with the rest of his bodyguard. After they persisted in refusing to sacrifice to Jupiter in Galerius' presence, they were publicly humiliated by being chained, dressed in female attire and paraded around town. Galerius then sent them to Barbalissos in Mesopotamia to be tried by Antiochus, the military commander there and an old friend of Sergius. Antiochus could not convince them to give up their faith, however, and Bacchus was beaten to death. The next day Bacchus' spirit appeared to Sergius and encouraged him to remain strong so they could be together forever. Over the next days, Sergius was also brutally tortured and finally executed at Resafa, where his death was marked by miraculous happenings.
Popularity and veneration
Veneration of the two saints dates to the fifth century. A shrine to Sergius was built in Resafa (renamed Sergiopolis around 425), but there is no certain evidence for his or Bacchus' cult much older than that. Their cult grew rapidly during the early fifth century, in accordance with the growth of the cult of martyrs, especially military martyrs, during the period. The Resafa shrine was constructed of mudbrick, evidently at the behest of bishop Alexander of Hierapolis. The Passion has been dated to the mid-5th century on the grounds that it describes the construction of such a shrine as if it were a relatively recent occurrence. The original shrine was replaced with a sturdier stone structure in 518; this new site was patronized by important political figures including Roman emperor Justinian I, emperor Khosrow II of the Sassanid Empire, and al-Mundhir III ibn al-Harith, ruler of the Ghassanids.
Traditionally, the feast day of Sergius and Bacchus has been celebrated on 7 October in the West. In the Tridentine Calendar they shared the day with Pope Mark and the martyred pair Marcellus and Apuleius. In 1716, this day became the feast of Our Lady of the Rosary, and the commemoration of Sergius, Bacchus and the other saints was moved to 8 October. They were restored to 7 October in 1969.
In the Byzantine Empire, they were venerated as protectors of the army. A large monastery church, the Little Hagia Sophia, was dedicated to them in Constantinople by Justinian I, probably in 527. According to legend, during the reign of Justin I, his nephew Justinian had been accused of plotting against the throne and was sentenced to death, which was reversed after Saints Sergius and Bacchus appeared before Justin and vouched for Justinian's innocence. He was freed and restored to his title of Caesar, and in gratitude vowed that he would dedicate a church to the saints once he became emperor. The construction of this Church of Saints Sergius and Bacchus, between 527 and 536 AD (only a short time before the erection of the Hagia Sophia between 532 and 537), was one of the first acts of the reign of Justinian I.
Sergius was a very popular saint in Syria and Christian Arabia. The city of Resafa, which became a bishop's see, took the name Sergiopolis and preserved his relics in a fortified basilica. Resafa was improved by Emperor Justinian and became one of the greatest pilgrimage centers in the East. Many other churches were built dedicated in the name of Sergius, sometimes with Bacchus. A church dedicated to Santi Sergio e Bacco was built in Rome in the 9th century. Christian art represents the two saints as soldiers in military garb with branches of palm in their hands. Their feast is observed on 7 October, and a Mass is assigned to them in the "Sacramentarium" of Pope Gelasius. The nomads of the desert looked upon Sergius as their special patron saint.
In the Armenian Church traditions Sergius, or Sarkis, was venerated as a Christian general in the Roman army. He was martyred with his son, Martyros, for witnessing to their faith in Christ. The feast is preceded by three-day fasting where most abstain of food and water.
The close friendship between the two is strongly emphasized in their hagiographies and traditions, making them one of the most famous examples of paired saints; the scholar John Boswell considers them to be the most influential set of such an archetype, more so than even Saints Peter and Paul. In his Same-Sex Unions in Premodern Europe, Boswell further argues that Sergius and Bacchus's relationship can be understood as having a romantic dimension, noting that the oldest text of their martyrology describes them as erastai, which can be translated as "lovers". He suggested that the two were even united in a rite known as adelphopoiesis or "brother-making", which he argued was a type of early Christian same-sex union or blessing, reinforcing his view of tolerant early Christian attitudes toward homosexuality. Boswell's methodology and conclusions have been disputed by many historians.
Regardless, in the wake of Boswell's work, Sergius and Bacchus have become popularly venerated in the gay Christian community. A 1994 icon of Sergius and Bacchus by the gay Franciscan iconographer Robert Lentz, first displayed at Chicago's Gay Pride Parade, has become a popular gay symbol.
Historicity
The Passion of Sergius and Bacchus has been dismissed as an unreliable historical source. It has been dated to mid-5th century and there is no evidence for the cult of Sergius and Bacchus before 425, over a century after they are said to have died. There is no evidence for Sergius and Bacchus' schola gentilium having been used by Galerius or any other emperor before Constantine I, given that the persecution of Christians had begun in the army considerably before the 4th century. Christopher Walter considers Sergius analogous to Saint George, "whose historicity is accepted, even if nothing genuine about his life is known." He accepts that information in the passion is accurate. Italian scholar Pio Franchi de Cavalieri has put forth that The Passion of Sergius and Bacchus was based on an earlier lost passion of Juventinus and Maximinus, two saints martyred under Emperor Julian the Apostate in 363. He noted especially that the punishment of being paraded around in women's clothes reflected the treatment of Christian soldiers by Julian.
References
Bibliography
Attwater, Donald and Catherine Rachel John. The Penguin Dictionary of Saints. 3rd edition. New York: Penguin Books, 1993. .
E. Key Fowden, The Barbarian Plain: Saint Sergius between Rome and Iran, The Transformation of the Classical Heritage 28 (Berkeley, 1999).
D. Woods, 'The Emperor Julian and the Passion of Sergius and Bacchus', Journal of Early Christian Studies 5 (1997), 335–67.
Boswell, John. Same-Sex Unions in Premodern Europe New York: Villard Books, 1994. .
External links
David Woods: The Origin of the Cult of SS. Sergius and Bacchus
The Lives of Sts. Sergius and Bacchus from the official Website of the Orthodox Church in America (OCA)
Photographs of the Church of St. Sergius and St. Bacchus, Istanbul
The Passion of SS. Serge and Bacchus
3rd-century births
303 deaths
4th-century Romans
4th-century Christian martyrs
Saints duos
Groups of Roman Catholic saints
Syrian Christian saints
Military saints
Gnorismoneura taeniodesma is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China.
The wingspan is 16.5–18 mm for females.
References
Moths described in 1934
Archipini
Friedrich Maurer (5 January 1898 – 7 November 1984) was a German philologist who specialized in Germanic studies.
Biography
Maurer started to study classical philology and comparative linguistics at the University of Frankfurt in 1916. The same year, he was drafted, and in 1917, he was gravely injured while he was fighting at the Western Front of World War I, causing him to spend the following period recovering in a military hospital at Heidelberg. After the end of the war, Maurer commenced full-time studies of Germanistics at Heidelberg University (1918) and Giessen (1919), where he also took courses in classical philology and Indo-European studies. Both at Heidelberg and at Giessen, Maurer was a member of the local chapters of the Wingolf.
In 1922, Maurer obtained a doctorate under the supervision of Otto Behaghel, who was to have a lasting influence on Maurer's work. Maurer then obtained a habilitation in German philology in 1925, becoming professor extraordinarius in 1929, still at Giessen, and later professor ordinarius at Erlangen (1931).
Having previously been a member of Der Stahlhelm, Maurer joined the Sturmabteilung after the Nazi party took control of Germany in 1933, but left the organisation in 1935.
He joined the Nazi Party in 1937, as well as the National Socialist Teachers League, the National Socialist German Lecturers League and the Nationalsozialistischer Altherrenbund. In the same year, he became a full professor at Freiburg, where he was to chair the Institute for German Philology until retiring in 1966. From 1938/1939, Maurer worked with the Ahnenerbe.
After World War II, the allied military government of Germany called on Maurer, who then founded scientific institutes at the partially-destroyed University of Freiburg and the University of Erlangen. In 1958 and 1959, Maurer chaired the League of German Scholars and cofounded the Institute for the German Language (Institut für Deutsche Sprache, IDS) at Mannheim.
In 1979, Maurer fell gravely ill and had to cease his work. He died in 1984.
Work
Like Behaghel, his thesis supervisor, Maurer directed much attention to the study of dialects (dialectology and dialect geography) and to the comparative linguistics of German. He published numerous works on medieval literature and poetry that were notable for their connections between literature studies, cultural history, prehistoric archaeology and sociology. With Friedrich Stroh, Maurer published Deutsche Wortgeschichte ("History of German Words") in 1943.
Maurer's 1942 linguistic work Nordgermanen und Alemannen ("Northern Germans and Alemanni") is considered his most important one, where he put forth a theory of the development of the Germanic languages that was strongly imbued with nationalist ideology by hypothesizing a strong union of the Germanic peoples in antiquity; a theory that is still controversial. He sought to construct a conception of the West Germanic languages as precursors to Modern German. Against the common division of Germanic into North, East and West Germanic languages, he posited a fivefold division into North Germanic (Scandinavia), North Sea Germanic (Saxon, Frisian etc.), Weser-Rhine Germanic (Cherusci, Chatti, later Franks), Elbe Germanic (Suebi, Marcomanni, Lombards, later Alemanni) and Oder-Weichsel Germanic (Vandals, Burgundians, Goths). The theory was supported mainly by Tacitus and Pliny the Elder and especially the latter's observation in the Natural History of there being Germanorum genera quinque: "five kinds of Germans".
Seeing a connection between supratribal groupings described (though marginally) by the Roman historians Pliny the Elder and Tacitus, he estimated that during a period ranging from roughly 50 BCE to c. 300 CE, five protolanguages (or dialect groups) emerged that included the direct, unattested, predecessors of all (West, North and East) Germanic languages, which have always remained in various degrees of contact.
In the third edition of 1952, Maurer added archaeological evidence to support his classification, most notably citing Rafael von Uslar's article of the same year, "Archäologische Fundgruppen und germanische Stammesgebiete vornehmlich aus der Zeit um Christi Geburt." Maurer equated the five groups of findings discussed in that article with five linguistic groups. His theory has been criticized by later linguists, but they focused mainly on the terms that Maurer used by equating tribes and peoples to language groups and use of nationalistic jargon, which was then considered acceptable. No written evidence of the Germanic languages prior to the 7th century CE exists to prove or to disprove Maurer's thesis.
Awards
Brüder-Grimm-Preis der Philipps-Universität Marburg, 1963
Honorary doctorate of the University of Glasgow, 1966
Jacob-Burckhardt-Preis, 1976
References
Further reading
Friedrich Maurer (1942). Nordgermanen und Alemannen: Studien zur germanischen und frühdeutschen Sprachgeschichte, Stammes- und Volkskunde, Strasbourg: Hünenburg.
1898 births
1984 deaths
German military personnel of World War I
Historical linguists
SS personnel
Linguists of Germanic languages
Germanic studies scholars
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg faculty
University of Freiburg faculty
University of Giessen faculty
People from Bergstraße (district)
People from the Grand Duchy of Hesse
North Sea Germanic
Tjernberg is a Swedish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gunilla Tjernberg (1950–2019), Swedish politician
Magdalena Tjernberg (born 1970), Swedish athlete
Ove Tjernberg (1928–2001), Swedish actor
Swedish-language surnames
The Colored Women's League (CWL) of Washington, D.C., was a woman's club, organized by a group of African-American women in June 1892, with Helen Appo Cook as president. The primary mission of this organization was the national union of colored women. In 1896, the Colored Women's League and the Federation of Afro-American Women merged to form the National Association of Colored Women (NACW), with Mary Church Terrell as the first president.
History
In June 1892, a group of several prominent black women in Washington, D.C., met together to discuss creating a club devoted to improving the conditions of black children, women and the urban poor. Some of these women were Anna J. Cooper, Helen Appo Cook, Mary Church Terrell, Ida B. Wells, Charlotte Forten Grimké, Mary Jane Patterson, Evelyn Shaw, and Jane Eleanor Datcher. Helen Appo Cook was elected the first president. The Colored Women's League was a coalition of 113 organizations, and the goal of national unity was at the forefront of the club's objectives. In a letter written in 1894 to The Woman's Era, the first national newspaper published by and for African American women, Cook reported a few accomplishments of the league. These included: hosting a series of public lectures for girls at local high schools and Howard University, raising $1,935 towards a home for the league, creating classes for German, English Literature, and hygiene, and establishing a sewing school and mending bureau with 88 students and ten teachers. Mary Church Terrell also provided updates about the CWL's efforts to this newspaper. According to historian Fannie Barrier Williams, this organization had the largest membership of any African American women's club in the country.
Mergers
Although the primary goal of the CWL was national unity for colored women, this goal was not reached until July 21, 1896 when the National Association of Colored Women was formed as a result of the merging of the Colored Women's League and the Federation of Afro-American Women. The merging of the two organizations was publicly debated in the black community. Many newspapers, including the Leavenworth Herald, published opinions about the merge in their newspapers. The Colored Women's League initially declined to join the National Federation of Afro-American Women because President Cook did not have the authority to commit the league. However, Josephine St. Pierre Ruffin's appeal to protect the reputation of black women influenced the political agenda of the CWL. Ruffin's appeal was composed in response to an editorial published by a Southern white journalist, in which the author ridiculed the moral character of black women. To combat the widespread influence of negative stereotypes of black women, Margaret Murray Washington, the president of the National Federation of Afro-American Women and Helen A. Cook began making plans to discuss consolidating their two organizations. After the merger of the Colored Women's League and the National Federation of Afro-American Women, Mary Church Terrell was named the first president of the newly formed National Association of Colored Women.
Rivalries
Both organizations, the Colored Women's League and the Federation of Afro-American Women, had similar objectives in mind: advancing the conditions for black women, children, and underprivileged. However, prior to merging, these organizations did not always see eye-to-eye. The biggest factor contributing to this rivalry was the debate about which organization was the first to be officially recognized as a national organization. Mary Church Terrell, the first president of the NACW, explains that "although the CWL was the first to suggest there should be a national organization," the first organization of black women to actually assemble nationally was the National Federation of Afro-American Women.
After the creation of the NACW, the contest for leadership of the national organization created another short rivalry. Each organization was represented by seven delegates in the election process, so ties of 7-7 made the voting process difficult. Eventually, at the age of thirty-three and pregnant, Mary Church Terrell of the Colored Women's League was named the first president of the NACW.
Criticism
Many members of the league, especially those in leadership positions, had high social standings. In fact, some even called members of the league "female aristocrats of color". Therefore, the league faced several critiques. Some argued that the ideology of racial uplift was classist. Nevertheless, the success of the CWL inspired other black women became aware of the possibility of creating a united front for themselves and created their own clubs.
National Association of Colored Women
On July 21, 1896, the Colored Women's League merged with the National Federation of Afro-American Women to form the National League of Colored Women. The new organization was created in Washington D.C. where Mary Church Terrell was elected as its first president. It extended the Colored Women's League's objectives to a national agenda for uplifting black women, as follows:
To unite colored women nationally.
To improve conditions of black women locally and nationally.
To collect all facts obtainable to show the "moral, intellectual, industrial and social growth and attainments of our people, to foster unity of purpose, to consider and determine methods which will promote the interests of colored people [in every direction]".
To create a kindergarten for the black community.
To educate the youth.
To teach evening classes in literature, language, and other subjects.
References
African-American women's organizations
Büyükaltınbulak is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
The 1976 South Carolina State Bulldogs football team represented South Carolina State University as a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC) during the 1976 NCAA Division II football season. In its fourth season under head coach Willie Jeffries, the team compiled a 10–1 record (5–1 against conference opponents), tied for the MEAC championship, defeated in the Bicentennial Bowl, and outscored opponents by a total of 278 to 44. The team was recognized as the 1976 black college football national champion and was ranked No. 8 by the Associated Press in the final 1976 NCAA Division II football rankings.
Schedule
References
South Carolina State
South Carolina State Bulldogs football seasons
Black college football national champions
Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
South Carolina State Bulldogs football
The Aeroalcool Quasar is a Brazilian light-sport aircraft that is produced by Aeroálcool and was introduced in 2007.
Design and development
The aircraft was designed by American Frank Porter with assistance from James Waterhouse of the Federal University of São Carlos in Brazil, to comply with the US light-sport aircraft rules. It features a cantilever low-wing, a two seats in side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit under a forward hinged canopy, tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from aluminum sheet and has a span wing. The initial engine used was the Japanese HKS 700E four-stroke powerplant which gives it a cruise speed of while burning only per hour of auto fuel.
A total of 60 had been built by 2015.
Variants
Quasar Lite
Initial model, powered by the Jabiru 2200 four-stroke powerplant.
Quasar 214SL
Import version for the US market, distributed by Quasar Aircraft Company, Inc. Accepted as a US light sport aircraft in 2007.
Quasar Fast
Model powered by the Jabiru 3300 four-stroke powerplant.
Specifications (Quasar Lite)
References
External links
2000s Brazilian ultralight aircraft
Light-sport aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
"P-Poppin'" is the first single from Ludacris's fourth album Chicken-n-Beer. It features Shawnna and Lil Fate, and was jointly produced by Zukhan Bey and The Neptunes. The song samples "Danger (Been So Long)" by Mystikal, and depicts what goes on in a strip club and a dance that can be done with or without clothes.
Controversy
This song and Nelly's song "Tip Drill" were attacked for influencing younger audiences to be sexually active. The chorus repeats, "Head down pussy pussy poppin'." The explicit version of the music video was not shown on MTV or BET because it was so sexually explicit, and there were several scenes of naked women. The words "pussy poppin'" were replaced by "booty poppin'" to make the lyrics less explicit. Some of the women posed sexually, exposing their vulvas, and Ludacris smacks their buttocks. The uncut version that BET and MTV showed allowed the words "pussy poppin'" to be said but the women were blurred; however, the video was still more explicit than the Tip Drill video. The song received limited airplay due to its lyrics.
Track listing
References
External links
2003 songs
2003 singles
Ludacris songs
Dirty rap songs
Def Jam Recordings singles
Songs written by Shawnna
Songs written by Ludacris
Songs written by Pharrell Williams
Songs written by Chad Hugo
Songs written by Mystikal
Addie James Morrow (17 July 1928 in County Down, Northern Ireland – 30 March 2012 in County Down) was a politician in Northern Ireland.
Born on a farm in County Down, Morrow was an early member of the ecumenical Corrymeela Community, later led by his brother John.
Morrow was an early member of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland (APNI), and was elected to Castlereagh Borough Council in 1973, holding his seat at each subsequent election, until standing down in 1989.
In 1982, Morrow was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly, representing Belfast East. At the 1983 general election, he stood unsuccessfully in Strangford, taking 15% of the vote. In 1984, under John Cushnahan, Morrow became APNI's deputy leader.
At the 1987 general election, Morrow increased his share of the vote in Strangford to 20%. For the 1992 general election, he switched to contest North Down, taking just under 15%. Morrow became APNI's chair, but stood down in 1993, citing disappointment at the failure of other parties to use the Brooke-Mayhew Talks to reach agreement. Morrow later became APNI's President.
Morrow died on 30 March 2012 in his family home on the farm he was brought up in. He was 83 years old.
References
Alliance Party of Northern Ireland politicians
Northern Ireland MPAs 1982–1986
People from County Down
Politicians from Northern Ireland
1928 births
2012 deaths
Alliance Party of Northern Ireland councillors
Members of Castlereagh Borough Council
The Turkmen Ambassador in Beijing is the official representative of the Government of in Ashgabat to the Government of the People's Republic of China.
List of representatives
References
China
Turkmenistan
Wagram may refer to:
Places
Deutsch-Wagram, a city in Austria
Wagram, North Carolina, a town in North Carolina, United States
Wagram, Ohio, United States, an unincorporated community
Wagram, Poland
Other
Princes of Wagram, a title of Napoleonic nobility
Battle of Wagram (1809), a battle in the War of the Fifth Coalition, part of the Napoleonic Wars
Wagram (Paris Métro), a station of the Paris Métro
Wagram Music, a French record label
French ship Wagram (1810), a French navy 118-gun Océan-class ship of the line
French ship Wagram (1854), a French navy 100-gun Hercule-class ship of the line
Terry Hogan may refer to:
Hulk Hogan, wrestler
Terence Hogan, Terry "Lucky Tel" Hogan, criminal
Sankat Mochan Hanuman Temple is a sacred temple of the Hindu god Hanuman in the city of Lucknow, in Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
History
The temple was developed by a Hindu saint Neem Karoli Baba who started by building a small temple on the banks of Gomti River in Lucknow. However, in 1960, a huge flood swept most of Lucknow along with the old bridge near the temple and the old temple. Only the statue was left untouched from the floods. The Government of Uttar Pradesh allotted a plot of land near a newly constructed bridge for the temple's construction.
References
Hanuman temples
Hindu temples in Uttar Pradesh
Temples in Lucknow
The Widderfeld Stock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Nidwalden and Obwalden. It is located between the valleys of Melchtal and Engelberg.
References
External links
Widderfeld Stock on Hikr
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of Obwalden
Mountains of Nidwalden
Nidwalden–Obwalden border
Mountains of Switzerland
Two-thousanders of Switzerland
Kerns, Switzerland
Soto is a small town in northern Curaçao in the Netherlands Antilles. It is located close to Santa Marta Bay, a deep indentation in the island's northwest coast. The small town of Santa Cruz lies just to the northwest, and the town of Barber, Curaçao lies to the northeast, across the hilly ridge which stretches for much of the island's length.
Overview
The history of Soto begins with the plantations Klein Santa Martha and Groot Santa Martha. The plantations were founded before 1696, and were one of the oldest of Curaçao. After the abolition of slavery in 1863, agricultural communities were established. In 1925, a church was constructed in Soto, and a parish was established. Next to the church, a school, convent and a boarding school were built.
The population density is low, and the number of inhabitants has remained constant with a slight downwards trend. Soto is one of the poorest areas of Curaçao.
Playa Santa Martha is a public beach on the Santa Marta Bay. The Bay is a lagoon with azure water. There used to be a hotel on the beach, however nowadays it is a quiet spot.
Klein Santa Martha
Klein Santa Martha started as a sugar plantation. Around 1830, divi-divi was grown on the plantation, however it started to specialise in salt, and became one of the largest salt producer of Curaçao. In 1910, the production was 6,000 barrels. In 1937, it was purchased by the government who wanted to transform the plantation into a model farm called Helfirchdorp. The project was a failure, and the estate was abandoned. In 1995, the estate was restored to its original condition, and as of 2022, it is a boutique hotel and restaurant.
References
Bibliography
Bandabou
Populated places in Curaçao
Edward Hunter Hurst (December 18, 1916 – September 6, 1997) was a highly decorated officer of the United States Marine Corps with the rank of brigadier general. He is the recipient of the Navy Cross, the United States military's second-highest decoration awarded for valor in combat. He completed his career as director of Marine Corps Landing Force Development Center Quantico in 1968.
Hurst was also a member of so-called "Chowder Society", special Marine Corps board, which was tasked to conduct research and prepare material relative to postwar legislation concerning the role of the Marine Corps in national defense.
Early career
Hurst was born on December 18, 1916, in Fort Valley, Georgia, and attended high school there. He then enrolled in Mercer University in Macon, Georgia, and studied journalism. While studying, he joined the Marine Corps Reserve via a platoon leaders' class in April 1936 and attended several summer training camps. On graduating in June 1938 with a Bachelor of Arts degree, he was designated an honor graduate of the platoon leaders' class and commissioned second lieutenant in the Marine Corps on June 27, 1938.
Hurst was subsequently called up for active duty and attached to the Basic School at Philadelphia Navy Yard for further officer training. While at the Basic School, many of his classmates became general officers or had very distinguished career later: Gregory Boyington, Hugh M. Elwood, Lowell E. English, Carl J. Fleps, Charles J. Quilter, Donn J. Robertson or Alvin S. Sanders.
He completed training in May 1939 and was attached to the Marine detachment aboard the battleship USS New Mexico. He was stationed in Hawaii, before he received transfer orders for duty with the rifle range at Marine Barracks on Parris Island, South Carolina. He was promoted to first lieutenant in August 1941 and appointed commanding officer of the Marine detachment within Marine Barracks st the Naval Air Station Pensacola in Florida.
World War II
Soon after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Hurst was promoted to the rank of captain in February 1942 but remained at Pensacola until his promotion to major in March 1943. He was subsequently ordered to the Naval Reserve Midshipman School in Northampton, Massachusetts, and appointed commander of the Marine Training Detachment within Women's Reserve.
In July 1943, Hurst was transferred to Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and appointed commanding officer of the Officers' Training School, Marine Corps Women's Reserve Schools. He later completed the Command and General staff course at Marine Corps Schools, Quantico and finally received orders for deployment overseas in April 1944.
Hurst sailed to the Pacific area during the same month and assumed command of 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Division. Third Battalion was stationed on Pavuvu, Russell Islands for rest and refit after heavy fighting at Cape Gloucester, New Britain in early 1944. The Pavuvu Island was infested with rats and land crabs, what had influence on morale of troops, and moreover many of his men suffered with malaria, but Hurst transformed the battalion back to the combat force again.
The First Marine Division (including 7th Marines) was tasked with the capturing of Peleliu, Palau Islands and securing a large Japanese aerodrome, which could be used for further offensive in Pacific. On September 15, Hurst was forced to land his assault battalion of amphibious tanks in single file because of the heavily barricaded beach. Major Hurst braved intense hostile fire and, skillfully organizing his forces, pushed inland through dense undergrowth. Personally reconnoitering the front lines while in full view of enemy machine gun and small arms fire, he directed the battalion in a furious attack on Japanese fortified caves and blockhouses. He was subsequently decorated with the Silver Star for bravery and Navy Presidential Unit Citation.
Lieutenant Colonel Hurst then sailed with 7th Marines back to Pavuvu for rest and reequipment and remained there until the January 1945, when they were ordered along with the rest of 1st Marine Division to Guadalcanal for amphibious exercise. The Seventh Marines were ready for combat soon after and sailed for Okinawa at the beginning of April 1945.
Hurst and his battalion landed on April 3 and had the honor of being the first Marine unit to make it to the opposite side of the island. He led his battalion during the assault on Wana Ridge and distinguished himself while assisting in the evacuation of a wounded man over a path swept by Japanese small arms fire. Hurst was subsequently decorated with the Navy Cross, the United States military's second-highest decoration awarded for valor in combat.
His official Navy Cross citation reads:
He then led his battalion during the attack on enemy's emplacements near Kokuba River and advanced to Oroku Peninsula. During the assault on Kunishi Ridge on June 19, Hurst was wounded in the neck by concealed Japanese rifleman and evacuated to the rear. He was relieved by Lieutenant Colonel Stephen V. Sabol and decorated with the Bronze Star Medal with Combat "V" for his service during the latter part of Okinawa campaign. Hurst also received the Purple Heart for his wounds and second Navy Presidential Unit Citation.
Postwar service
Hurst was ordered to the United States and spent some time with recovery in the naval hospital. He was subsequently ordered to Washington, D.C., and attached to the Division of Plans and Policies at Headquarters Marine Corps. Hurst served under Brigadier General Gerald C. Thomas in this capacity and later served as Marine Corps liaison officer with the Secretary's Committee of Research on Reorganization in the Office of the Secretary of the Navy under James Forrestal.
While in this capacity, Hurts was a member of the so-called "Chowder Society", a special Marine Corps board under general Thomas, which was tasked by Commandant Alexander Vandegrift to conduct research and prepare material relative to postwar legislation concerning the role of the Marine Corps in national defense. Due to cuts in Marine Corps budget, the threat of merging of the Marine Corps into the United States Army, was more realistic. Also thanks to his work, he is one of the few men who helped the future of the Corps.
During his assignment with that board, Hurst had the opportunity to cooperate with great names of modern Marine history such as: Merrill B. Twining, Victor H. Krulak, Merritt A. Edson, Robert E. Hogaboom, James E. Kerr, James C. Murray, Jonas M. Platt, DeWolf Schatzel, Samuel R. Shaw, Robert D. Heinl, James D. Hittle or Marine Corps Reserve officers John R. Blandford, Arthur B. Hanson, Lyford Hutchins, and William McCahill.
He left Washington in June 1947 in order to attend Instructors' Orientation Course at the Marine Corps Schools, Quantico. Following the completion of the course, Hurst served as leadership section chief and officer in charge of the student battalion at the Basic School. His duty at Quantico ended in December 1949, when he was attached to the Swedish Language School at Washington Navy Yard and following the graduation in July 1950, he was ordered to Stockholm, Sweden, for duty as assistant naval attache for air at the American embassy.
After two years in Europe, Hurst returned to the United States in November 1952 and joined 2nd Marine Division at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. He served as assistant chief of staff for operations under future Commandant of the Marine Corps, Major General Randolph M. Pate. While in this capacity, he was promoted to the rank of colonel in January 1954.
Hurst was ordered back to Headquarters Marine Corps in July 1954 and attached to the Operations Division (G-3) as head of Joint Chief of Staff and Plan Review Section and later also served as head of Plans Brach. His tour of duty there ended in June 1957, when he was ordered to the course at National War College in Washington, D.C. He graduated in June 1958 and sailed for Hawaii one month later for duty at joint staff of the commander in chief Pacific Fleet under Admiral Herbert G. Hopwood. Hurst served as head, Southeast Asia Plans and Policy Section until March 1960.
Upon his return to the United States, Hurst assumed command of the schools battalion at Camp Pendleton, California and Commander of Pendleton's subcamp – Camp Del Mar. Hurst was ordered to Okinawa, Japan, in March 1962 and assumed command of 3rd Marine Regiment, 3rd Marine Division. He also held additional duty as commanding officer of Camp Schwab.
He was nominated for the promotion to the rank of brigadier general in April 1963 and ordered back to Camp Pendleton for duty as assistant division commander, 1st Marine Division. Hurst's general's promotion was confirmed on July 1, 1963. He then served as deputy to Major General William T. Fairbourn until July 10, 1965, when general Fairbourn was ordered for duty in Washington and then assumed temporary command of 1st Marine Division.
Hurst did not deploy with the division to Vietnam and was relieved by Brigadier General William A. Stiles. He assumed duty as director of Marine Corps Landing Force Development Center, Quantico, Virginia, in October 1965 and remained in that capacity until his retirement on January 1, 1968. He was decorated with the Legion of Merit for his service in that capacity.
Retirement
Upon his retirement from the Marine Corps after 32 years of active service, General Hurst settled in Harlingen, Texas, where he served as superintendent of local Marine Military Academy. Brigadier General Edward H. Hurst died on September 6, 1997, and is buried together with his wife Emma Randolph Elebash at Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia. They had together three daughters.
Decorations
Here is the ribbon bar of Brigadier General Edward H. Hurst:
See also
List of 1st Marine Division Commanders
Battle of Peleliu
3rd Battalion, 7th Marines
References
1916 births
1997 deaths
People from Fort Valley, Georgia
Mercer University alumni
National War College alumni
United States Marine Corps generals
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Thanhha Lai (Vietnamese: Lai T. Thanh Hà; born January 1, 1965) is a Vietnamese-American writer of children's literature. She won the 2011 National Book Award for Young People's Literature
and a Newbery Honor for her debut novel, Inside Out & Back Again, which was published by HarperCollins.
Personal life
Lai was born in Saigon (now Ho Chi Minh City), on January 1, 1965. She has six older brothers. Ten years later, she fled Vietnam during the Fall of Saigon, with her family. She then moved to Alabama and graduated from University of Texas, Austin with a degree in journalism in 1988, and worked for about two years for the Orange County, California newspaper The Register, covering news about Little Saigon, the local Vietnamese community. She earned a Master of Fine Arts from New York University and moved to New York, where she teaches at Parsons The New School for Design. Today, she goes by Thanhhà Lại on her website and lives in Croton-on-Hudson.
Inside Out and Back Again
Virginia Wolff interviewed Lai for the January 2010 number of School Library Journal. She calls Inside Out "a powerful story in slender, sinewy prose poems, just a few words in each line." Hà and her family flee home and meet America's "sharp-edged barriers of color, ethnicity, religion, and custom."
Lai worked for 30 years on an adult novel. In her own words it was "third-person omniscient, spanning 4000 years of Vietnamese history, and whiplashed by hundreds of overly dramatic, showy sentences." The transformation worked when she got "inside the mind of a 10-year-old girl who feels as much as an adult but can't express the emotions yet, it seemed right to employ a few precise, pungent words and have them explode into real, raw emotions."
The fictional girl Hà once says, "No one would believe me, but at times I would choose wartime in Saigon over peacetime in Alabama." The story features her discovery of an adjustment to "the foreign world of Alabama". A review by Publishers Weekly calls it "especially poignant as she cycles from feeling smart in Vietnam to struggling in the States, and finally regains academic and social confidence."
Lai explains, "She felt dumb in Vietnam.... For her, being smart equated to confidence that she could manage her world. That's why she would choose wartime in Saigon over peacetime in Alabama." In America, the little girl writes,
So this is
what dumb
feels like.
Works
Watermark: Vietnamese American poetry & prose. Asian American Writers' Workshop. 1998. — anthology including work by Lai
— winner of the National Book Award and one of two runners-up for the Newbery Medal
A Hundred Years of Happiness. HarperCollins. 2022.
See also
References
External links
Thanhha Lai Official Website
1965 births
Living people
American children's writers
American writers of Vietnamese descent
Vietnamese emigrants to the United States
Moody College of Communication alumni
New York University alumni
The New School faculty
National Book Award for Young People's Literature winners
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
American women children's writers
American women novelists
Novelists from New York (state)
American women academics
Campo de Mirra (Spanish ) or El Camp de Mirra (Valencian ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Vinalopó in the Valencian Community, Spain.
References
Municipalities in the Province of Alicante
Alto Vinalopó
Nicholas "Nick" Kropfelder (February 19, 1923 - August 4, 2012) was an American soccer center forward. He played professionally in the American Soccer League, leading the league twice in scoring. He was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 1996.
Playing career
Kropfelder grew up in Baltimore where he played baseball, basketball, and soccer at Mount Saint Joseph College, a secondary school, from 1938 to 1940. In soccer, he was a high scoring centerforward. From 1941 to 1942, then played for Santa Maria K of C in the Baltimore Catholic soccer league. From September to November 1941, he went on trial with Baltimore SC of the American Soccer League, but returned to Santa Maria as it made a run to the semifinals of the 1942 National Amateur Cup. In the fall of 1942, he signed as an amateur with the Baltimore Americans of the ASL. His younger brother Charley played for the Americans during this time as well. In 1943, Kropfelder's career was interrupted by military service during World War II and he didn't return to the Americans until 1946. In addition to playing for the Americans, he also attended Loyola College where he played on the school's soccer team in 1947. Kropfelder and his teammates dominated the Mason-Dixon Conference and Kropfelder was named as an Honorable Mention (third team) All American. However, he was stripped of his collegiate eligibility based on his time as a professional with the Americans. Kropfelder led the ASL in scoring during the 1947-1948 season with 19 goals. In 1948, he moved to the Philadelphia Nationals and played with them through the end of the 1952-1953 season. He led the league in scoring for a second time with seventeen goals in 1950-1951. In addition to his personal achievements, he also won the 1950 and 1951 league titles, 1951, 1952 and 1953 league cups. He was also part of two teams which lost the National Challenge Cup championship (1949 and 1952). He finished his career with one season with the Baltimore Rockets before retiring in 1954.
Post playing career
After retiring from playing professionally, Kropfelder served as both an NCAA and amateur referee for several decades. In 1993, he was elected president of the Maryland Old Timers Soccer Association in 1993.
Kropfelder was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 1996.
References
External links
Hall of Fame profile
Nicholas Kropfelder
1923 births
2012 deaths
Soccer players from Baltimore
American soccer players
American Soccer League (1933–1983) players
Baltimore Americans players
Philadelphia Nationals players
Baltimore Rockets players
National Soccer Hall of Fame members
American soccer referees
Loyola Greyhounds men's soccer players
Association football forwards
Henri Abadie (born 13 February 1963) is a French former professional racing cyclist. He rode in two editions of the Tour de France, two editions of the Giro d'Italia and one edition of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Tarbes
Cyclists from Occitania (administrative region)
Józefów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dąbrówka, north of Wołomin, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Wołomin County
The St. David's Episcopal Church at 834 Louisa Street in Rayville, Louisiana was built in 1909. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
It is a one-story brick building with cast stone ornament. Its architecture shows influence of both Gothic Revival and Craftsman styles.
It was deemed " a rare architectural landmark in a community with few examples of high style architecture."
References
Episcopal church buildings in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Gothic Revival church buildings in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1909
Buildings and structures in Richland Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Richland Parish, Louisiana
Stara Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Kapaklı, Demre is a village in the District of Demre, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Demre District
The 2006 ARAG World Team Cup was a tennis tournament play on outdoor clay courts. It was the 28th edition of the World Team Cup, and was part of the 2006 ATP Tour. It took place at the Rochusclub in Düsseldorf, Germany, from 21 through 27 May 2006.
Argentina were the defending champions but they failed to advance beyond the group stage.
Croatia defeated Germany in the final, by two rubbers to one for their first title.
Players
Red group
Ivan Ljubičić (# 4)
Mario Ančić (# 12)
Ivo Karlović (# 51)
Fernando González (# 9)
Nicolás Massú (# 35)
Paul Capdeville (# 124)
Adrián García (# 197 Doubles)
David Ferrer (# 15)
Fernando Verdasco (# 31)
Feliciano López (# 46)
Andy Roddick (# 5)
James Blake (# 8)
Robby Ginepri (# 17)
Bob Bryan (# 1 Doubles)
Mike Bryan (# 1 Doubles)
Blue group
Nicolas Kiefer (# 13)
Philipp Kohlschreiber (# 83)
Alexander Waske (# 38 Doubles)
Michael Kohlmann (# 53 Doubles)
Tomáš Berdych (# 20)
Robin Vik (# 67)
Leoš Friedl (# 18 Doubles)
David Nalbandian (# 3)
Gastón Gaudio (# 10)
José Acasuso (# 29)
Sebastián Prieto (# 26 Doubles)
Filippo Volandri (# 55)
Davide Sanguinetti (# 65)
Rankings are as of May 22, 2006
Round robin
Red group
Standings
Chile vs. Spain
Croatia vs. United States of America
Croatia vs. Spain
Chile vs. United States of America
Spain vs. United States of America
Chile vs. Croatia
Blue group
Standings
Germany vs. Italy
Argentina vs. Czech Republic
Argentina vs. Germany
Czech Republic vs. Italy
Argentina vs. Italy
Czech Republic vs. Germany
Final
Croatia vs. Germany
See also
2006 Davis Cup World Group
2006 Hopman Cup
External links
Draw
World Team Cup
World Team Cup, 2006
World Team Cup
Senator James Britton Ware was a member of the Georgia Senate from Georgia's 37th District between 1904 and 1905, in the Democratic political party. He was born on June 16, 1830, in Heard County, Georgia and died on January 30, 1918, in Heard County, Georgia.
Early life
James Britton (J.B.) Ware was born to John Mims Ware and Lucy Sturdivant, and his father died when he was 8 years old. On October 11, 1849, at age 19, he married Sarah Margaret Tabitha Simms, she was 16 years old, at the Bethel Baptist Church in Heard County, Georgia. Sarah Simms was the daughter of John Simms and Comfort Maddox Grace. Comfort was born March 26, 1798, and married September 16, 1816 in Hancock, Georgia, she was the daughter of Thomas Grace and Sarah "Sally" Maddox.
On October 28, 1850, they purchased 202-1/2 acres from a neighbor, Thomas H. Hanson, and built their home. His superior abilities as a man of affairs being quickly recognized by his fellow citizens, he was elected Justice of the Peace at 21, serving eight years. In 1859 and 1860 he was elected to represent Heard County, Georgia in the general assembly.
During the Civil War in 1863 James raised a company of seventy men, of which he was elected Captain of the State Guards. It became Company G, of Colonial Wilcoxon's regiment of state troops and General Iverson's Brigade, which took part in several skirmishes near Rome, Georgia. The decision to leave his family was hard because it meant leaving behind his wife and six small children, their ages being 10, 8, 6, 4, 2 and a newborn. His wife, Sarah, would be left alone to administer to all the needs of a large family and a large farm. He left with a heavy heart, to join the war effort.
In 1864 he enlisted in the confederate service, in which he continued rendering valuable service until the surrender. During the Battle of Atlanta and Sherman's march, the Ware home served as a refuge for relatives and friends in the Atlanta area. During the "unpleasantness" he gave up his business and devoted money, time and labor to caring for the families of the soldiers, a noble service on his part which they never forgot, and were always ready to express their gratitude. Among his brothers who entered the war, only David and James returned home, his brother, John, Jr., left behind a wife, a small son.
After his mother's death in 1869, James purchased the family home from his siblings, and successfully managed his estate over the next 10 years. In 1872 he was incorporated in the Jury Commissioner's Bill and served continuously until 1904. In 1874 he was elected to the Georgia Legislature receiving 500 of the 700 votes cast, working in both the House and Senate.
In 1904 James was elected State Senator of the 37th District. While in the Senate he introduced and secured the passage of a bill making drunkenness on the public highway a crime, as well as introducing and having enacted the bill forbidding the sale of whiskey in Georgia within the radius of one mile from a church. He served as foreman of the grand jury over 21 times. He was also Treasurer of the Western Baptist Association, and President of the Corinth Agricultural and Horticultural Club.
July 20, 1906, Resolved, That the Senate learns with regret of illness of the venerable Senator from the 37th district. James B. Ware,
and trust that he will soon be restored to health and his place in the Senate. To the surprise of the state senate Senator J. B. Ware appeared yesterday and took his seat. He was reported to be down and out for the session on account of ill health. Although not well, the senator thinks that he will be able to remain with the body during the remainder of the present session.
Family and death
Senator James B. Ware and Sarah Margaret Tabitha Simms Ware had the following children: (2)
Alberta Virginia "Ginnie" Ware, 3/8/1851-7/28/1923 married Walter G. Orr;
Almira Elizabeth "Poss" Ware, 5/21/1853-2/5/1940 never married;
Adeline Glenn "Ade" Ware, 5/17/1855-2/14/1914 married George T. Snow;
John Fletcher Ware, 9/12/1857-11/20/1922 married 1. Lula Walker and 2. Eula Adamson;
Alonzo Crawford Ware, 12/17/1859 - 1/18/1943 married Sarah Kendrick;
Albert Zollicoffer "Zol” Ware, 12/15/1860- c1943 married Annie Walker (Lula's sister);
James Britton Ware, Jr., 5/21/1864 – 12/24/1883;
Henry Hall Ware, 8/28/1866 married Emma Allen on 11/30/1893;
Robert Houston Thomas Ware, 6/18/1868- After 1943 married Julia Valena Davis 1890;
Rigdon Mims "Rig" Ware, 11/20/1870-10/1964 married Emily Virginia Shackleford.
Before his death he wrote the following words, "Nothing can give me more consolation in my old age than to see the people of my county obedient and submissive to the will of God which the Scriptures say is the beginning of his love. Oh, what days of rejoicing will be with the good people when the bottle and the pistol toter become a thing of the past."
At a reunion he said, "during my life, I set out to make a useful man of myself, and take such position in life that would make life worth living. My highest ambition in life was to raise my children to be men and women of integrity and dignity, these principles being the foundations of all greatness. To what extent I have instilled these principles into the minds of my children, I leave to my neighbors and to the public to decide. I admonished all my grandchildren, and their children to improve upon their parents." He finished by saying that this day was a happy reunion day, but his prayer was that the world all live so that when death comes, we would meet again for a happy reunion in heaven. At his death at age 87, he had 40 grandchildren and 41 great grandchildren, and was one of Heard County's leading citizens. This home recently burned to the ground during a lightning storm and nothing was saved.
References
1830 births
1918 deaths
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Kjell Samkopf (born 6 April 1952, in Bærum, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (drums) and composer, married 1993 to the dancer Mona Walderhaug (born 21 December 1956).
Biography
Samkopf is a central figure on the Norwegian contemporary music scene, with a varied career as a composer, musician and educator and had an extensive background from various music genres. He was for many years associated with the Norwegian Academy of Music, where he attended the diploma program in composition in 1973 without any formal musical education. Here he worked as a musical teacher from 1979 and later than professor and head of the percussion department.
From the mid 1970s he was an active performer as drummer and he stepped in as timpanist in Trondheim Symphony Orchestra (1974–75). He was for many years associated with Oslo Filharmoniske Orkester and worked as regular drummer in the Orchestra of Den Norske Opera for some years. He worked within "Ny Musikks Ensemble" and later in contemporary music ensemble "Octoband".
Samkopf's compositional output comprises nine full-length dance performances. He was also selected as the 1985 composer in residence for the Arctic Arts Festival. Smakopf's list of works features chamber music, orchestral works, electro-acoustic works, music for dance performances, soundtracks, TV-scores, educational works and a number of compositions for percussion. To date, Samkopf has received more than 40 commissions from institutions, ensembles and performers such as Harmonien, the Swedish Radio, Bergen Wind Quintet, NRK, Arts Council Norway, Collage Dance Company, Ultima Oslo Contemporary Music Festival, NorDans Productions, the Arctic Arts Festival, Eirik Raude and Kjell Tore Innervik.
Compositions for dance constitutes a substantial portion of Samkopf's production. The composer has written the scores for nine full length dance productions. His artistic partnership with choreographer Lise Nordal is a cornerstone of this compositional vein. In addition to a number of shorter ballets, Samkopf and Nordal have created five full-length productions Aqua (1986), Tidevann (1990), Til Elise (1996), Entré (2000) and Silent Gliss (2004).
Samkopf's compositional career has seen him evolving from writing for traditional instrumentation to gradually expand his tonal palette to include electronics and more unconventional sonorous objects. His two outdoor concerts held in Sandvika on 8 September 1991 and in Oslo on 3 October 1992 featured ten, large sound sculptures created by artist Sverre Hoel as the works´ main instrumentation. Samkopf's next developmental step is displayed on his two sonographic CD releases Mårådalen Walk (1994) which features field recordings made by the composer in the Norwegian mountains, and Mountain Listening (1998) which is made up of five sonographic portraits of humans listening. These works also serve as a testament to Samkopf's focus on man's relation with nature. Additional key Samkopf releases includes 2002's Music for large Mountain and Vibraphone and 2010's Listening Ahead – Marimba & Town Hall.
Honors
2012: Edvardprisen in the "Open class" for the album Burragorangian Stones
Production
Selected works
Orchestral works
Konsert for vibrafon og strykere (2008)
Assosiasjoner (1984)
En ouverture (1976)
Chamber music
Chimes of transition (2010)
Eit ord (2007)
Bergen (1995)
After you've gone (1989)
Dobling dance (1981)
Illusions (1979)
Solo works
E 5 S (2005)
Solo piece for tuba (1979)
Works for percussion
Amelioration Études 1 – 9 (2015)
A Book Of Études (2014)
369 For Percussion Trio (2013)
Music for two marimbas - One playing softer than the other (2010/2011)
12 Orchestrations and interludes on Rachmaninoff (2008)
Ingoma intro (1996)
Selvportrett (1984)
Oppfinnelse NR. 5 (1981)
10 Kvartetter for slagverk (1974)
Discography (in selection)
1983: Music For Solo Percussion And Electronics (Simax Classics)
1993: Har Du Sunget Den For Grieg? ()
1994: Mårådalen Walk
1994: Kjell Samkopf
1994: Søyr, Bussene Lengter Hjem
1996: Kjell Samkopf, Triztan Vindtorn, Nattkonsert med lydskulpturer: Sandvika 8. september 1991
2012: Burragorangian Stones (Mere Records)
References
External links
1952 births
Norwegian composers
Norwegian male composers
Living people
Simax Classics artists
Mags D'Arcy is a camogie player, double All Star winner, holder of four All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship's 2007, 2010, 2011, 2012 & three National Leagues titles in 2009, 2010 and 2011. She has been goalkeeping for the Wexford Senior Camogie Team since 2003 and is regarded as one of the top goalkeepers in the game of camogie. Throughout her time at University College Dublin, D'Arcy helped the college bridge a 19-year gap to capture back the Ashbourne Cup for two years on the trot in 2007 and 2008. Her influential on-field presence and leadership was rewarded with an Ashbourne All Star award. The goalkeeper has also had success within the Poc Fada Camogie Championships, capturing the Leinster title on the double in 2008 and 2009, however due to national championship fixture commitments with Wexford, she was unable to participate at National level in 2008 and 2009. D'Arcy, most recently in 2014, captained Leinster to a provincial title in the Senior Gael Linn Cup. Her captaincy came on the back of winning six Leinster Senior Championship's for her county Wexford. In 2017, she captured her first-ever county camogie senior title with St. Martin's when they defeated Rathnure in the county final.
References
Camogie goalkeepers
Wexford camogie players
1987 births
Living people
UCD camogie players
The 2020–21 North Carolina Central Eagles men's basketball team represented North Carolina Central University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Eagles, led by 12th-year head coach LeVelle Moton, played their home games at McDougald–McLendon Arena in Durham, North Carolina as members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference. With the creation of divisions to cut down on travel due to the COVID-19 pandemic, they played in the Southern Division.
Previous season
The Eagles finished the 2019–20 season 18–13, 13–3 in MEAC play to finish as MEAC regular season champions. They defeated Delaware State in the quarterfinals of the MEAC Tournament. They were scheduled to play the winner of the quarterfinal matchup between Bethune–Cookman and Morgan State in the semifinals, but the remainder of the tournament was cancelled due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| MEAC Tournament
|-
|-
Sources
References
North Carolina Central Eagles men's basketball seasons
North Carolina Central Eagles
North Carolina Central Eagles men's basketball
North Carolina Central Eagles men's basketball
William Greenfield was Lord Chancellor of England and Archbishop of York.
William Greenfield may also refer to:
William Greenfield (minister) (died 1827), Scottish minister, literary critic, author and mathematician
William Greenfield (philologist) (1799–1831), English philologist
William Smith Greenfield (1846–1919), British anatomist
The Household Electricity Approach to measuring the size of the underground economy or black market of a country exploits the presumed relationship between household electrical consumption and a country's GDP. It assumes that undeclared economic activity still needs to use resources, such as electricity, to function. Since electricity consumption is generally well known it can be used as an indicator of economic activity that is not otherwise declared.
The household electricity approach was developed by Maria Lacko as a method to determine the size of the hidden economy in a country. Lacko's primary focus within this approach was directed at the relationship between the household electrical consumption and Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of a country using regression analysis. Her research in this area was particularly focused on developing methodologies that would help to more accurately determine the prevalence of the hidden economy in transitional countries such as the former Soviet bloc countries.
History
Lacko's work received its basis from two other works. The first of these works, developed in 1995, is the method of Dobozi and Pohl. These researchers had suggested that aggregate economic activity and electrical power consumption were closely related (Lacko 2000, p. 347). In fact, from their observations, electrical consumption and GDP elasticity were close to a one-to-one ratio (Lacko 1999, p. 143). This was true in the case of countries under a market economy; however, it did not appear to be the case for former Soviet bloc countries.
The works of Daniel Kaufman and Aleksandr Kaliberda followed a similar path as Istvan Dobozi and Gerhard Pohl's work. Kaufman and Kaliberda developed a method that considered the growth rate of the formal market's GDP and the growth of electrical consumption (Lacko 2000, p. 123). It was evident, as noted by Dobozi and Pohl, that change within the GDP resulted in lockstep changes with electrical consumption for market economies; however, Kaufman and Kaliberda also noted that the former Soviet bloc countries did not seem to maintain this consistency. The researchers suggested that the transitional nature of these countries' economic development created a break in the consistency between GDP and electrical consumption (Lacko 2000, p. 350). Kaufman and Kaliberda adapted their approach to allow for the calculation of this inconsistency between electrical activity and GDP.
Lacko disagreed with the previous methods use of aggregate electrical consumption as the primary source of calculations to determine the extent of the hidden economy (Lacko 1999, p. 164). Additionally, Lacko expressed concerns with the assumption of a constant electrical intensification (Lacko 1999, p. 164). The household electricity approach was developed as an alternative (Lacko 1999, pp. 142–143).
General concepts
The household electricity approach follows the general idea that electrical consumption and GDP can help to estimate the size of a country's hidden market; however, the household electricity approach makes several diversions from the previous works for enhanced utility, particularly for transitional countries. The first of these was the decision to limit the concept of the informal market. Lacko limits the informal market to non-registered activities that consume household electricity. This excludes hidden activities such as bribes and many illegal activities (Lacko 1998, p. 132). By doing this, Lacko limited the magnitude of the data collecting process. Lacko also chose not to measure national electrical consumption; instead, the effort was centered on household electrical consumption (Lacko 2000, p. 361). This, in particular, would capture businesses within the informal market that were operating from a homestead. These businesses have been considered to be a traditional and rather large component of the informal economies of Eastern Europe. Additionally, Lacko presumed that household electrical consumption would not be as dramatically affected by structural changes caused by transitional experiences such as those of the former Soviet bloc countries.
Lacko's method begins with the basic premise that each household's electrical consumption should be associated with a portion of the informal market (Lacko 1999, p. 161). This is determined by using time-series cross-sections of each country. Within this method there are three proxy variables to be studied: tax/GDP ratio, the inactive/active labor ratio and the ratio of public social welfare expenditures (Lacko 2000, p. 362). For Lacko's original study the parameters were focused around estimates of cross-sections from nineteen OECD countries in 1990, nineteen OECD countries in 1989 and panel data for 1989-1990(Lacko 2000, p. 362). The final determinization was completed by subtracting residential electrical consumption from the actual amount of electrical consumption (Lacko 2000, p. 362).
Formula
1nE + I = α11nCi + α2Gi + α4Qi + αHi + α6
Hi = β1Ti + β2(Si – Ti) + β3Di
β1>0 β2 <0 β3 >0
where:
i : the number assigned to the country
Ei : per capita household electricity consumption in country i in Mtoe
Ci : per capita real consumption of households without the consumption of electricity in country i in US dollars( purchasing parity)
PRi : the real price of consumption of 1kwh of residential electricity in US dollars (at purchasing parity)
Gi : the relative frequency of months with the need of heating in houses in country i
Qi : the ratio of energy sources other than electric energy to all energy sources in household energy consumption
Hi : the per capita output of the hidden economy
Ti : the ratio of the sum of paid personal income, corporate profit and taxes on goods and services to GDP
Si : the ratio of public social welfare expenditures to GDP
Di : the sum of number of dependants over 14 years and of inactive earners, both per 100 active earners
(Lacko 1998, p. 133)
After the total electricity consumption of households has been determined, the next step is to proceed to find the informal economy's contribution to the GDP of a country (Lacko 1998, p. 140). To create this index, Lacko had to determine a way to calculate how much GDP is produced by one unit of electricity (Lacko 1998, p. 140). This was done by taking known estimations of a market economy and making comparisons with this to another approach (Lacko 1998, p. 140).
Advantages
The household electricity approach does not require predetermined weights as had been established in previous approaches utilizing electrical consumption to determine the extent of the hidden economy (Lacko 1999, p. 149). Instead the weights of the different causes can be determined during the estimation. By the use of residential electrical consumption, Lacko's approach allows for an accurate measure of market economies as well as transitional economies approaches utilizing electrical consumption to determine the extent of the hidden economy.
Disadvantages
A disadvantage of the household electricity approach is that it is limited in its scope of study. The range of the study can only include those parts of the hidden economy that utilize household electricity (Lacko 1999, p. 150).
Criticisms
The primary criticism for the household electricity approach, as well as other electrical consumption approaches, centers around the assumptions made regarding the stability of the consistency of electrical consumption with GDP. Critics suggest that levels of stability can be altered significantly by the omission of such basic factors as shifts in the weather (Hanousek and Palda 2004, p. 14). The authors of electrical consumption approaches have admittedly been aware of the weakness of their assumptions and have made attempts to control for factors that would make electrical consumption inconsistent with GDP; however, critics do not see these attempts as being adequate enough (Hanousek and Palda 2006, p. 709).
Sources
Informal economy
Underground culture
Economic geography
Energy economics
Gross domestic product
Thomas Summers West (18 November 1927 – 9 January 2010) was a British chemist.
Life
Early years
He was born in 1927 in Peterhead, Scotland and educated at Old Tarbat Public School in Portmahomack and then Tain Royal Academy. He then studied chemistry and obtained a BSc degree at Aberdeen University.
He married Margaret Officer Lawson in 1952 and had three children, Ann (Cochennec, Yvon), Ruth (Byrd) and Tom.
Scientific career
He moved to Birmingham University in 1949 to carry out research in analytical chemistry under Professor Ron Belcher and obtained his PhD in 1952 and his D.Sc in 1962. In 1956 he was awarded the Meldola Medal and Prize of the Royal Society of Chemistry for advances in chemistry. In 1963 he moved to Imperial College in London as Reader in Analytical Chemistry and became Professor of Analytical Chemistry at Imperial College in 1965. He established a world-famous research team that included Roy Dagnall, Gordon Kirkbright and Bernard Fleet who were pioneers in the field of analytical atomic absorption spectroscopy and atomic fluorescence spectroscopy.
He became Director of the Macaulay Institute for Soil Research in 1975 retiring in 1987 and also became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1979. During this period he worked on a number of Royal Commissions and was Chairman of the Scientific Committee of Sir John May's investigation into the IRA Woolwich and Guildford bombings from 1991 to 1993. He also served as Chairman of Panels I and III on the Royal Society, International Relations Committee during the 1990s.
Awards and accolades
In 1987 he was appointed a CBE and made Emeritus Professor of Chemistry at Aberdeen University having been an Honorary Professor of Aberdeen University between 1983 and 1987. He was President of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) between 1977 and 1979 and its Secretary General between 1983 and 1991. He was also President of the Society for Analytical Chemistry between 1969 and 1971, and Honorary Secretary of the Chemical Society between 1972 and 1975.
In March 1989 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. The citation on his application read: "Distinguished for his contributions to analytical atomic and molecular spectroscopy. His early work at Birmingham on molecular spectroscopic studies of analytical chelate chemistry was of great importance and included his interpretation of the only known positive colour reaction of the fluoride ion. This reaction has replaced all other spectrophotometric reactions for fluoride. His evolution of the unique conditionally specific reaction between calcium and a new specially synthesised trihydroxytrisazo clathrate cage dyestuff molecule was also outstanding. His work on quartz fibre torsion ultramicrobalances and thereafter on a complete system of ultramicroscopic organic elemental and functional group analysis is also notable. At Imperial College, he created a new research group to work on analytical atomic absorption and atomic fluorescence spectroscopy. Under West's leadership this group very quickly became established as a leading centre of research in these fields. His many contributions included those to electrothermal methods of atomisation, microwave-excited atomic spectral lamps, low-luminosity flames, and atom-trapping techniques. At Aberdeen he has continued work in these fields. He has also contributed to the use of piezo-electric crystal sensor systems for the measurement of minute traces of airborne pollutants. He has collaborated in work on bio-significant and toxic trace elements in the soil-plant ecosystem and on acidification phenomena. West has served widely on many national and international committees and is at present Secretary-General of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry."
Death and legacy
He died in Lincoln County Hospital on 9 January 2010 of heart failure; his wife Margaret died the following day, also in Lincoln County Hospital, from cancer.
In 2012 the Royal Society of Chemistry created the Tom West Analytical Fellowship in recognition of his contribution to analytical chemistry and the first award went to Dr Toby Athersuch in July 2013, presented by two of Professor West's children, Ruth Byrd and Tom West.
Publications
He was an editor and publisher of Scientific books and articles including 408 articles in scientific journals around the world between 1951 and 1986 either in his own name or co-written with fellow chemists as well as books that include;
New Methods of Analytical Chemistry in association with R Belcher from Birmingham University and C.L. Wilson from Belfast University, 1955.
Complexometry with EDTA and related reagents, 1969.
Analytical Chemistry 1973.
References
Sources
1927 births
2010 deaths
People from Peterhead
People from Tain
People educated at Tain Royal Academy
British chemists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Aberdeen
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Academics of Imperial College London
Academics of the University of Birmingham
Chopteeth is a Washington, D.C.- based afrofunk big-band. Although rooted in Fela Kuti's Nigerian afrobeat, Chopteeth's music is an amalgam of Ghanaian highlife, Senegalese rumba, Jamaican ska, Mande griot music, 1970's West African funk, Ewe dance drum rhythms, Kenyan Taita afropop, soul-funk, and jazz. Chopteeth's writing and arrangements feature unique driving syncopations, and occasional odd meters. Chopteeth vocalists sing in eight different languages including English, Nigerian Pidgin, Swahili, Wolof, Mande, Twi, Taita, and French.
History
Founded in 2004 by Robert Fox (bass), ethnomusicologist Michael Shereikis (guitar & lead vocals), Jon Hoffschneider (keyboards), and bata drummer Mark Corrales (percussion), Chopteeth quickly attracted a stable line-up of musicians including saxophonist Mark Gilbert (Gladys Knight and the Pips, The Four Tops, Cab Calloway, Don Cherry), trombonist Craig Constadine (Busta Rhymes), trumpeter Justine Miller, Romanian guitarist Victor Crisen, Kenyan vocalist/dancer Anna Mwalagho, and Ghanaian music teacher David McDavitt (drums). In 2008 Ghanaian drummer Atta Addo joined Chopteeth on percussion.
The name "Chopteeth" comes from a song by Fela Kuti called "J'ehin J'ehin". It refers to someone who eats his own teeth, a crazy person. Percussionist and former member Mark Corrales came up with that name for the band because he said they were insane to think they could sustain a large afrobeat band.
Chopteeth won several Wammies (Washington Area Music Awards)presented by the Washington Area Music Association (WAMA):
2007 Best World Music Group
2008 Best World Music Duo/Group
2008 Best World Music Recording
2008 Best Debut Recording
2008 Artist of the Year
2009 Artist of the Year
2010 World Music Group
2010 World Music Recording
Band
Michael Shereikis, guitar and vocals;
Robert Fox, bass;
Craig Considine, trombone;
Mark Gilbert, saxophones;
Justine Miller, trumpet and vocals;
Trevor Specht, saxophones and vocals;
Cheryl Terwilliger, trumpet;
Atta Addo, twinchin & djembe;
David McDavitt, percussion;
Brian Simms, keyboards;
Jason Walker, drums;
Victor Crisen, guitar;
Mark Corrales, percussion (former);
Educational Sites Authored by Chopteeth
The Afrofunk Forum Blog News, music reviews and commentary on Afrobeat and related music from Africa, The Caribbean and The Americas.
Fela Kuti Lyrics transcribed by Chopteeth's David McDavitt
A List of Afrobeat Bands Active Worldwide
Video
Kennedy Center Millennium Stage Three Chopteeth concerts at the Kennedy Center in Washington D.C.
Discography
Albums
Struggle, 2008
Chopteeth Live, 2010
Recording Collaborations
Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars
Cheick Hamala Diabate (Malian griot, ngoni master, Grammy nominee)
References
Washington Post Article on Afrobeat in America: Chopteeth & Antibalas
Chopteeth's Homepage
Kennedy Center
Chopteeth Member Bios
Chopteeth Biography
External links
Chopteeth Interview at NPR Music
Footnotes
See also
Afrobeat
Fela Kuti
Afrofunk
Tony Allen
Cheick Hamala Diabate
Musical groups from Washington, D.C.
Afro-beat musical groups
American world music groups
Musical groups established in 2004
The True Briton was an English weekly magazine published by Fanny Mayne between 1851 and 1854. The magazine had an evangelical stance.
References
External links
Volume II scanned from Princeton Library
1851 establishments in the United Kingdom
1854 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Religious magazines published in the United Kingdom
Weekly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in England
Magazines established in 1851
Magazines disestablished in 1854
The minor tetra (Hyphessobrycon minor) is a small fish from the Essequibo River in Guyana in South America, closely resembling its relative, the serpae tetra, from the Amazon and Paraguay. These two very similar species are separated geographically, so they would not interbreed.
References
External links
Minor Tetra Fact Sheet
Tetras
Tropical fish
Taxa named by Marion Durbin Ellis
Fish described in 1909
Nuclear Physics News, International () is a quarterly science magazine covering research in nuclear physics, published since 1990 by Taylor & Francis. It is the official magazine of the Nuclear Physics European Collaboration Committee, an Expert Committee of the European Science Foundation, which was also established in 1990. The magazine is based in Garching bei München, Germany.
The editor-in-chief is Gabriele-Elisabeth Körner (Technical University of Munich).
References
External links
Nuclear Physics European Collaboration Committee
1990 establishments in West Germany
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 1990
Magazines published in Munich
Quarterly magazines published in Germany
Physics magazines
The 2010–11 Championnat National de football Amateur was the first season in the Algerian league system under its current division title and format. This was due to the professionalisation of the first two divisions. A total of 28 teams contested the division. The division had two groups. The two groups contained 14 clubs each from their respective regions, which were either central west or central east of the country. The league began on September 24, 2010.
Team overview
Stadia and locations
Groupe Est
Groupe Ouest
League table
Groupe Centre-Est
Groupe Centre-Ouest
References
Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur seasons
3
Algeria
Ladera (from Spanish ladera 'hillside') may refer to:
Places
Ladera, California, in San Mateo County
Ladera Heights, California in Los Angeles County
Ladera Ranch, California in Orange County
Neighorhoods in various cities called (La) Ladera:
in Mexico City: List of neighborhoods in Mexico City
in Chapa de Mota, State of Mexico, Mexico
in Santa Ana Maya, Michoacán, Mexico
in Ayotlán, Jalisco, Mexico
in Ocozocoautla de Espinosa, Chiapas, Mexico
in Medellín, Colombia
León de Greiff Library, also known as La Ladera Parque Biblioteca
La cárcel celular de La Ladera, a former prison
People
Julián Ladera, Venezuelan professional baseball player
Ladera, a character in the 1995 film Galaxis
Other
Ladera, a category of dishes in Ottoman cuisine made with olive oil
Ladera Sandstone, a geologic formation in California
Battle of La Ladera, Colombia, 1828
The 2012 West Texas A&M Buffaloes football team represented West Texas A&M University in the 2012 NCAA Division II football season as a member of the Lone Star Conference. The Buffaloes ended the regular season with 9–2 record (7–1 in the LSC) which was enough to claim a share of the Lone Star Conference title and to qualify for
the NCAA tournament as a six seed in region 4. West Texas A&M went on to win the NCAA Super Region Four Tournament but ended the season with a loss to Winston-Salem State in the National semi-final. With the 57–20 win over Western State September 8, eighth-year head coach
Don Carthel tied former head coach Joe Kerbel for the most wins in school history with 68 and he passes him a week later with win over Texas A&MKingsville. 2012 was also the season were West Texas A&M had multiple shutouts for first time since 2008.
West Texas A&M was ranked No. 24 the initial AFCA poll of the season.
Schedule
Coaching staff
TV and radio
West Texas A&M road games were brotcasted on KAMR-TV.
References
West Texas A&M
West Texas A&M Buffaloes football seasons
Lone Star Conference football champion seasons
West Texas A&M Buffaloes football
Many ships have wrecked in and around San Francisco Bay. For centuries San Francisco Bay, with its strong currents, rocky reefs, and low fog conditions has experienced more than a hundred shipwrecks. Ever since San Francisco Bay was discovered during the land expedition of Gaspar de Portolà in 1769, it has been one of the most popular harbors.
During the California Gold Rush, thousands of ships sailed in and out of San Francisco. The sea became the cheapest way to bring goods to the growing city. From 1848 to 1869, ships carried 500,000 passengers to and from San Francisco. Many fishing and whaling vessels navigated the waters of San Francisco Bay. In the 1880s San Francisco was a whaling capital of the United States.
Partial list of lost ships
Caroline Amelia
Caroline Amelia, a Danish bark, wrecked on Mile Rocks on March 19, 1850. The Daily Alta California wrote:
Golden Fleece
Golden Fleece was a 968-ton clipper. It was wrecked on April 22, 1854, as it was exiting Golden Gate on a voyage way to Manilla. The wreck occurred at the rocks near Fort Point. The Daily Alta California wrote that "lying broadside OR to the rocks... bilged and full of water, her mainmast is gone, also the fore and main top mast". On April 22, 1854, the wreck was sold in a public auction and "The purchasers of the wreck are busily engaged stripping her of everything moveable, at the same time preparations are being made to raise her... The sails, rigging, gun, &C., saved by the consignee of the ship, were sold at auction yesterday, the two brass pieces bringing $580 [equivalent to $ today]".
Granada
Granada was a 1,058 91/95-ton sidewheel steamship. It was wrecked because of the break in her main steam line on October 13, 1860. It lost power and was dragged ashore near Fort Point. In two days the steamer became a total loss and a local attraction. The Daily Alta California wrote that "The Granada was visited by crowds of people yesterday, as she lay high and dry beyond Fort Point". The wreck was sold on the auction and the salvaging began: "men... were taking the machinery out, and assisting the waves to break to pieces what is left of her".
Rescue
Rescue was a 139-ton tugboat that was wrecked at Point Bonita on October 3, 1874. Though it was built to rescue other boats, it was not able to rescue itself after it struck rocks in a dense fog. A pleasure passenger, Thomas Markey, was swept into the ocean. His body was never recovered.
Frank Jones
Frank Jones wrecked on March 30, 1877, while leaving San Francisco on a voyage to Manila. It was attached to the tugboat Monarch, but the hawser (mooring rope) parted. Although another hawser was passed to Frank Jones, it parted as well. The anchor's chain proved to be too short to secure the vessel, and she was carried ashore around near Fort Point. The wreck was sold at Merchant's Exchange, but two attempts to bring the wreck to the beach for repair failed.
King Philip
King Philip, a 1,194 40/95-ton three-masted ship, was wrecked on January 25, 1878. The wreck occurred in low wind conditions that could not support its sails. A towboat was called to help another clipper, Western Shore, and did not help King Philip. It was carried ashore at Ocean Beach in San Francisco. The San Francisco Chronicle wrote that "Yesterday morning at and after daylight the sea was breaking well up to the vessel, and she moved very uneasily at times, but later in the day it appeared as if she had settled down in the sand... she was immovable". The tide was low and the sailors were able to get off the ship and walk to the beach. The wreck, which was buried in the sand, is the most preserved wreck of a wooden clipper ship off the coast of California.
Left in place at extreme low tide level in 1878, what is left of the wreck of the King Philip is usually covered in sand. Sometimes, as the profile of the sand on the beach shifts and changes, the timbers reemerge and are visible during low tide. The wreck was partially visible when the schooner Reporter wrecked on the same site on March 13, 1902. Contemporary accounts noted that the Reporter was "fast digging her own grave alongside the bones of the "King Philip", whose ribs are still seen..." The wrecks of both ships were buried in 1910 when a large amount of sand was pushed on to the beach as sand dunes were bulldozed during construction of the Great Highway. The first documented re-exposure came in 1982. Another re-exposure occurred in 1983. In March of that year, National Park Service archaeologist James Delgado documented the site with fellow archaeologist Martin T. Mayer. The wreck was re-exposed in May 1984 to a hitherto unseen level of exposure, when Delgado and a larger team returned to document more of the hull. That project determined the ship was nearly half intact (45%) from the keel to the 'tween deck level, which was still partially sheathed in "yellow", or Muntz metal, and was ballasted with rocks from San Francisco's Telegraph Hill. Tangled wire rope, rigging elements, and timbers from the schooner Reporter were also found mixed into the hull. In 1984, the wreck was exposed extensively enough to allow exploration by divers. After its appearance in 1985, the wreck was not visible for 22 years. The construction of the Ocean Beach sewer outfall resulted in more dumping of sand on Ocean Beach. This caused the ship to be buried again. It was re-exposed in November 2010, three years after its previous appearance. As of April 2011, the wreck was again visible, this time to the same extent as it had been in 1984. Stephen Haller, the park historian for the Golden Gate National Recreation Area of the National Park Service, says that the King Philip is the best-preserved wreck of a wooden ship in the San Francisco Bay area, which has a total of approximately 200 old shipwrecks.
SS City of Chester
The coastal steamer City of Chester, bound for Eureka with 90 passengers on the morning of August 22, 1888, sank six minutes after colliding with the liner Oceanic, which was arriving from Asia. Initial news reports criticized the Chinese crew of the Oceanic, but they were later praised after their bravery in rescuing many passengers from the City of Chester became known.
In May 2013 a NOAA crew surveying another nearby shipwreck extended their survey to try to find the City of Chester and discovered it "sitting upright, shrouded in mud, deep at the edge of a small undersea shoal".
There are no plans to raise the wreck, but an exhibit at the San Francisco headquarters of the Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary is planned.
The rediscovery near the Golden Gate Bridge of a passenger steamship that sank in 1888 is being hailed as restoring an important historical link to San Francisco's early Chinese American community.
SS City of Rio de Janeiro
SS City of Rio de Janeiro was an iron hulled steam powered passenger ship. The opinion of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth District described the wreck:Only 79 passengers were saved. In July 1902, the partly decomposed body of the ship's captain, William Ward, was found in the pilothouse that had been torn from the bulk and washed ashore at Baker Beach.
Yosemite
Yosemite was a single-ended, 827-ton steam schooner. It was wrecked on February 7, 1926 near Point Reyes, approximately 30 miles (50 km) WNW of San Francisco. At the time of the wreck, it contained 25 tons of dynamite as cargo. After receiving a distress signal, the nearby schooner Willamette rescued the crew. Yosemite was then tugged to San Francisco, but detached from the tugboat and on February 8, 1926 drifted to Ocean Beach around Cliff House and broke apart on impact. Some speculated that the dynamite exploded, others believed that the schooner was broken by the surf. The San Francisco Chronicle wrote that "Whatever the cause, the ship was splintered to atoms". The Lurline pier was damaged by wreckage. According to the Chronicle, "Thousands of spectators crowded the beach for the next few days, picking up souvenirs and posing for pictures amidst the wreckage."
References
San Francisco Bay
Transportation in the San Francisco Bay Area
Boris Weisfeiler (born 19 April 1941 – disappeared 4-5 January 1985) was a Soviet-born mathematician and professor at Penn State University who lived in the United States before disappearing in Chile in 1985. Declassified US documents suggest a Chilean army patrol seized Weisfeiler and took him to Colonia Dignidad, a secretive Germanic agricultural commune set up in Chile in the 1960s. The Chilean Pinochet military dictatorship alleged that he drowned. He is known for the Weisfeiler filtration, Weisfeiler–Leman algorithm, and Kac–Weisfeiler conjectures.
Early life and career
Weisfeiler, a Jew, was born in the Soviet Union. He received his Ph.D. in 1970 from the Steklov Institute of Mathematics Leningrad Department, as a student of Ernest Vinberg. In the early 1970s, Weisfeiler was asked to sign a letter against a colleague, and for his refusal was branded "anti-Soviet". Weisfeiler left the Soviet Union in 1975 to be free to advance his career and practice his religion. After a brief period under Armand Borel at the Institute for Advanced Study, near Princeton University, Weisfeiler became a professor at Pennsylvania State University. In 1981, he was naturalized as an American citizen.
Weisfeiler's research spanned twenty years, and he published three dozen research papers during his lifetime. According to his colleague Alexander Lubotzky, Weisfeiler was studying "the more difficult questions" of algebraic groups in "the case when the field is not algebraically closed and the groups do not split or—even worse—are nonisotropic". He is known for the Weisfeiler–Leman algorithm, the Kac–Weisfeiler conjectures, the Weisfeiler filtration, and work on strong approximation and on finite linear groups.
Disappearance
Weisfeiler, an experienced outdoorsman, flew to Chile at Christmas time of 1984 to hike alone in the Chilean Andes. Chile was then under a military dictatorship headed by General Augusto Pinochet, which committed numerous human rights abuses (before he died in 2006, Pinochet had been prosecuted for his role in Operation Colombo and indicted in absentia in other countries). After the effective end of military rule, in 1990, the Chilean government took steps to investigate additional activities under the Pinochet regime.
According to Chilean governmental reports, Weisfeiler was hiking near the border of the Colonia Dignidad at the time of his disappearance. Conflicting reports make the details of the disappearance impossible to discern. The Chilean government has ruled that Weisfeiler had entered the confluence of two swift-moving rivers and drowned, his body never to be recovered. Local fishermen say they camped with Boris and gave him directions northward, toward a bridge near the Colonia. Some people claim to have seen his footprints near the river and to have found his backpack and other items (the items may have been sold or destroyed by the Chilean government in the late 1990s, as evidenced by Chilean governmental documents and published news articles).
Although no conclusive proof connects Weisfeiler's disappearance to any entity, some American and Chilean officials do suspect one particular group. Unknown to most of the world, Colonia Dignidad sat on a large tract of land not far from the border with Argentina. Idyllic in appearance, the Colonia was run by German expatriates who included alleged Nazi war criminals and sympathizers. The leader of the Colonia for most of its existence was former Nazi Paul Schäfer. The Colonia had a cult-like atmosphere, in which many children were molested, a crime for which its leaders have faced prosecution; Schäfer himself was convicted in May 2006 in connection with allegations of child abuse at the Colonia. The BBC has reported and Chilean governmental documents suggest that the Chilean Dirección de Inteligencia Nacional (the secret police, which was disbanded in 1977) brought suspected anti-government prisoners there to be interrogated.
According to United States Department of State reports, other witnesses claim they saw Boris Weisfeiler in the Colonia several years after his disappearance. At least one claims he was alive some three years later; another claims he was assassinated as a Soviet or Jewish spy. Weisfeiler's whereabouts remain unknown, and his sister Olga, who, like her brother, emigrated to the United States, continues to petition numerous authorities to determine his fate. Early in 2006, a bipartisan Congressional letter signed by 27 senators and representatives was delivered to Chilean President Michelle Bachelet in the hope of speeding an official Chilean investigation into his fate.
On August 21, 2012, a Chilean judge ordered the arrest of eight retired police and military officers in connection with the alleged kidnapping and disappearance of Boris Weisfeiler. According to the court filings, the suspects were to have been prosecuted for "aggravated kidnapping" and "complicity" in the disappearance of a U.S. citizen between January 3–5, 1985; the filings did not mention where Weisfeiler might have been taken after his detention or what may have happened to him afterwards. The case was closed in 2016, after the judge ruled the disappearance to be a common crime (for which the statute of limitations had passed), not a violation of human rights.
WikiLeaks
Several embassy cables published by WikiLeaks (e.g. 05SANTIAGO2539, 08SANTIAGO93) mention Weisfeiler. One is 09SANTIAGO680, which says:
In other media and popular culture
A short film, The Colony, based on Weisfeiler's disappearance and directed by Steven List, was released in 2007.
A documentary by TVN Chile: El misterio Boris Weisfeiler | Enigma - T3E8, was released in 2003.
Works
See also
List of people who disappeared
References
External links
Official website for Boris Weisfeiler
1941 births
1980s missing person cases
20th-century American mathematicians
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Colonia Dignidad
Group theorists
Missing person cases in Chile
Pennsylvania State University faculty
Mathematicians from Moscow
People from Pennsylvania
People killed in Operation Condor
Victims of human rights abuses
Perieni is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Perieni. It included four other villages until 2004, when these were split off to form Ciocani Commune.
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Thorsten Nesch (born December 21, 1968) is a German author who lives in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.
2008 Nesch's first novel Joyride Ost was nominated for (as Best German YA Debut) and the Landshuter Jugendbuchpreis. 2012 the book won the .
Nesch received national and international literary grants and was Writer in Residence in H.A.L.D. (Denmark) and in Hausach (Hausacher LeseLenz). During the LeseLenz residency he also taught YA fiction writing at the University of Education, Karlsruhe.
References
External links
1968 births
Canadian writers of young adult literature
Writers from Lethbridge
German emigrants to Canada
Living people
Consistent Overhead Byte Stuffing (COBS) is an algorithm for encoding data bytes that results in efficient, reliable, unambiguous packet framing regardless of packet content, thus making it easy for receiving applications to recover from malformed packets. It employs a particular byte value, typically zero, to serve as a packet delimiter (a special value that indicates the boundary between packets). When zero is used as a delimiter, the algorithm replaces each zero data byte with a non-zero value so that no zero data bytes will appear in the packet and thus be misinterpreted as packet boundaries.
Byte stuffing is a process that transforms a sequence of data bytes that may contain 'illegal' or 'reserved' values (such as packet delimiter) into a potentially longer sequence that contains no occurrences of those values. The extra length of the transformed sequence is typically referred to as the overhead of the algorithm. HDLC framing is a well-known example, used particularly in PPP (see RFC 1662 § 4.2). Although HDLC framing has an overhead of <1% in the average case, it suffers from a very poor worst-case overhead of 100%; for inputs that consist entirely of bytes that require escaping, HDLC byte stuffing will double the size of the input.
The COBS algorithm, on the other hand, tightly bounds the worst-case overhead. COBS requires a minimum of 1 byte overhead, and a maximum of bytes (one byte in 254, rounded up). Consequently, the time to transmit the encoded byte sequence is highly predictable, which makes COBS useful for real-time applications in which jitter may be problematic. The algorithm is computationally inexpensive, and in addition to its desirable worst-case overhead, its average overhead is also low compared to other unambiguous framing algorithms like HDLC.
COBS does, however, require up to 254 bytes of lookahead. Before transmitting its first byte, it needs to know the position of the first zero byte (if any) in the following 254 bytes.
A 1999 Internet Draft proposed to standardize COBS as an alternative for HDLC framing in PPP, due to the aforementioned poor worst-case overhead of HDLC framing.
Packet framing and stuffing
When packetized data is sent over any serial medium, some protocol is required to demarcate packet boundaries. This is done by using a framing marker, a special bit-sequence or character value that indicates where the boundaries between packets fall. Data stuffing is the process that transforms the packet data before transmission to eliminate all occurrences of the framing marker, so that when the receiver detects a marker, it can be certain that the marker indicates a boundary between packets.
COBS transforms an arbitrary string of bytes in the range [0,255] into bytes in the range [1,255]. Having eliminated all zero bytes from the data, a zero byte can now be used to unambiguously mark the end of the transformed data. This is done by appending a zero byte to the transformed data, thus forming a packet consisting of the COBS-encoded data (the payload) to unambiguously mark the end of the packet.
(Any other byte value may be reserved as the packet delimiter, but using zero simplifies the description.)
There are two equivalent ways to describe the COBS encoding process:
Prefixed block description
To encode some bytes, first append a zero byte, then break them into groups of either 254 non-zero bytes, or 0–253 non-zero bytes followed by a zero byte. Because of the appended zero byte, this is always possible.
Encode each group by deleting the trailing zero byte (if any) and prepending the number of non-zero bytes, plus one. Thus, each encoded group is the same size as the original, except that 254 non-zero bytes are encoded into 255 bytes by prepending a byte of 255.
As a special exception, if a packet ends with a group of 254 non-zero bytes, it is not necessary to add the trailing zero byte. This saves one byte in some situations.
Linked list description
First, insert a zero byte at the beginning of the packet, and after every run of 254 non-zero bytes. This encoding is obviously reversible. It is not necessary to insert a zero byte at the end of the packet if it happens to end with exactly 254 non-zero bytes.
Second, replace each zero byte with the offset to the next zero byte, or the end of the packet. Because of the extra zeros added in the first step, each offset is guaranteed to be at most 255.
Encoding examples
These examples show how various data sequences would be encoded by the COBS algorithm. In the examples, all bytes are expressed as hexadecimal values, and encoded data is shown with text formatting to illustrate various features:
Bold indicates a data byte which has not been altered by encoding. All non-zero data bytes remain unaltered.
indicates a zero data byte that was altered by encoding. All zero data bytes are replaced during encoding by the offset to the following zero byte (i.e. one plus the number of non-zero bytes that follow). It is effectively a pointer to the next packet byte that requires interpretation: if the addressed byte is non-zero then it is the following that points to the next byte requiring interpretation; if the addressed byte is zero then it is the .
is an overhead byte which is also a group header byte containing an offset to a following group, but does not correspond to a data byte. These appear in two places: at the beginning of every encoded packet, and after every group of 254 non-zero bytes.
A zero byte appears at the end of every packet to indicate end-of-packet to the data receiver. This packet delimiter byte is not part of COBS proper; it is an additional framing byte that is appended to the encoded output.
Below is a diagram using example 4 from above table, to illustrate how each modified data byte is located, and how it is identified as a data byte or an end of frame byte. [OHB] : Overhead byte (Start of frame)
3+ -------------->| : Points to relative location of first zero symbol
2+-------->| : Is a zero data byte, pointing to next zero symbol
[EOP] : Location of end-of-packet zero symbol.
0 1 2 3 4 5 : Byte Position
03 11 22 02 33 00 : COBS Data Frame
11 22 00 33 : Extracted Data
OHB = Overhead Byte (Points to next zero symbol)
EOP = End Of Packet
Examples 7 through 10 show how the overhead varies depending on the data being encoded for packet lengths of 255 or more.
Implementation
The following code implements a COBS encoder and decoder in the C programming language:
#include <stddef.h>
#include <stdint.h>
#include <assert.h>
/** COBS encode data to buffer
@param data Pointer to input data to encode
@param length Number of bytes to encode
@param buffer Pointer to encoded output buffer
@return Encoded buffer length in bytes
@note Does not output delimiter byte
*/
size_t cobsEncode(const void *data, size_t length, uint8_t *buffer)
{
assert(data && buffer);
uint8_t *encode = buffer; // Encoded byte pointer
uint8_t *codep = encode++; // Output code pointer
uint8_t code = 1; // Code value
for (const uint8_t *byte = (const uint8_t *)data; length--; ++byte)
{
if (*byte) // Byte not zero, write it
*encode++ = *byte, ++code;
if (!*byte || code == 0xff) // Input is zero or block completed, restart
{
*codep = code, code = 1, codep = encode;
if (!*byte || length)
++encode;
}
}
*codep = code; // Write final code value
return (size_t)(encode - buffer);
}
/** COBS decode data from buffer
@param buffer Pointer to encoded input bytes
@param length Number of bytes to decode
@param data Pointer to decoded output data
@return Number of bytes successfully decoded
@note Stops decoding if delimiter byte is found
*/
size_t cobsDecode(const uint8_t *buffer, size_t length, void *data)
{
assert(buffer && data);
const uint8_t *byte = buffer; // Encoded input byte pointer
uint8_t *decode = (uint8_t *)data; // Decoded output byte pointer
for (uint8_t code = 0xff, block = 0; byte < buffer + length; --block)
{
if (block) // Decode block byte
*decode++ = *byte++;
else
{
if (code != 0xff) // Encoded zero, write it
*decode++ = 0;
block = code = *byte++; // Next block length
if (!code) // Delimiter code found
break;
}
}
return (size_t)(decode - (uint8_t *)data);
}
See also
A bit stuffing
Serial Line Internet Protocol
References
External links
Python implementation
Alternate C implementation
Another implementation in C
Consistent Overhead Byte Stuffing—Reduced (COBS/R)
A patent describing a scheme with a similar result but using a different method
Encodings
Mürseller is a village in the Osmangazi district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Osmangazi District
Mukunomi Bosai Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control. The catchment area of the dam is 3.7 km2. The dam impounds about 4 ha of land when full and can store 440 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1965 and completed in 1968.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
The Department of Materials is responsible for the teaching and research in materials science and engineering at Imperial College London, occupying the Royal School of Mines and Bessemer buildings on the South Kensington campus. It can trace its origins back to the metallurgy department of the Government School of Mines and Science applied to the Arts, founded in 1851.
History
The department was founded as the metallurgy department of the Government School of Mines and Science Applied to the Arts, founded in 1851, under the leadership of John Percy. He resigned nine years later, when the school was moved to the Huxley building along Exhibition Road. The next department head was not appointed until 1880, when William Chandler Roberts-Austen took on the role. William Gowland was appointed head in 1902, staying on to become head of the department after the formation of Imperial College in 1907. The department moved to the newly completed Bessemer building in 1912.
In 1926, a common set of exams were created for the awarding of both the Associateship of the Royal School of Mines and the Bachelor of Science from the University of London, prior to which students were required to sit separate after three years of study. In 1939, World War II leads the department's evacuation to Swansea, during which time it was partly integrated with University College, Swansea.
In the 1960s, the department expanded beyond metals, organising new inter-departmental courses on materials science and technology. This led to the establishment in the 1970s of two separate courses, a BScEng course in metallurgy, and a BSc course in materials science, and the renaming of the department to the Department of Metallurgy and Materials Science. The Bessemer building was rebuilt finishing in 1964, as part of a college wide rebuilding scheme. In 1991, the number of courses offered was greatly expanded, including the introduction of integrated master's and specialised degrees.
In 2002, the department installed an aberration-corrected analytical transmission electron microscope. Kilner, Atkinson, and colleagues from Imperial including Brandon, developed low temperature solid oxide fuel cells and formed the spin out Ceres Power. Haynes and Mostofi have developed the ONETEP density functional theory code, for which Haynes was awarded the Maxwell medal in 2010. In 2018 Breeze, Alford and colleagues developed the first continuous room temperature maser.
Facilities
The department has a variety of labs and facilities in the Royal School of Mines and Bessemer buildings. These include the Harvey Flower Electron Microscopy Facility, the x-ray analysis lab, the thin film laboratory, surface analysis, the high temperature ceramics facilities (as part of the Centre for Advanced Structural Ceramics), and the near atmosphere x-ray photo-electron spectroscopy lab.
Academics
Study
Undergraduate
The undergraduate program at the department includes 4-year integrated course leading to an MEng degree in Materials Science and Engineering, and a 3-year course leading to a BEng degree in Materials Science and Engineering. There is also the option of a specialist stream in nuclear engineering (delivered jointly with the departments of chemical and mechanical engineering). All students graduating with the MEng degree also automatically receive an Associateship of the Royal School of Mines, ARSM.
Postgraduate
The department has a large research portfolio and offers a PhD degree programme and two full-time taught MSc programmes. The PhD in Materials Science and Engineering is a 3-year research degree which involves conducting work in one of the department's research laboratories. All postgraduate students of the department are also eligible for the Diploma of Imperial College, DIC, alongside their standard degree when graduating.
People
Heads of department
Faculty
Notable alumni
Notable alumni include:
Sir Gilbert Thomas Walker, CSI, FRS (14 June 1867 – 4 November 1958), BEng Metallurgy 1925 ─ British physicist and statistician of the 20th century. He is best known for his groundbreaking description of the Southern Oscillation, a major phenomenon of global climate, and for greatly advancing the study of the climate in general.
Peter Harding (1919-2006), BEng Metallurgy 1947 ─ Metallurgist and captured WWII pilot
Professor William Bonfield, CBE, FREng, FRS, Professor of Medical Materials, University of Cambridge, BSc Metallurgy 1958 & PhD 1961 ─ Internationally recognised for his pioneering contributions to biomaterials, and in particular bone prostheses.
Professor Helen M. Chan – Materials Scientist at Lehigh University on the Board of Directors of the American Ceramic Society
Professor Derek Fray, FREng, BEng Metallurgy 1961, PhD 1964 ─ The co-inventor of the FFC Cambridge process which is used to extra titanium metal from the oxide. He is the former Head of Department of the Materials Department at the University of Cambridge, and he spun out British Titanium plc and Metalysis.
Professor Antony (Tony) Evans, FRS, FReng, BSc Metallurgy 1964, PhD 1967 ─ Authority on mechanical behaviour of brittle materials and composites, with key contributions in thermal barrier coating technology on superalloy turbine blades enabling increased operating temperatures and efficiencies for jet engines.
Dr Amit Chatterjee, PhD Metallurgy 1970 ─ Former Chief technology officer and now adviser to the Managing Director of Tata Steel.
Rajive Kaul, BEng Metallurgy 1974 ─ Chairman and Managing Director of Nicco Corp.
Professor Dame Sue Ion, OBE, FREng, BEng Metallurgy and Materials Science 1976, and PhD 1979 ─ Previously executive Director of Technology of British Nuclear Fuel Limited. She is the UK representative of the International Atomic Energy Agency Standing Advisory Group on Nuclear Energy.
Jessica Hsuan, BEng Materials 1992 ─ Chinese actress
Samuel Hignett, BEng Materials 2001 ─ Founder and director of Jota Group, including Jota Motor Racing Team and Jota Airlines.
Professor Eleanor Schofield, MEng and PhD Materials 2006 ─ Head of Conservation & Collections Care at the Mary Rose Trust.
Bernard Henry, PhD 1993 ─ Associate Director of Research in Nanocomposites at the University of Oxford and elite athlete
Annual Bauerman Lecture
In 2016, the Department instituted an annual prize lecture to highlight advances in Materials Science and Engineering. The annual lecture is named in honour of Hilary Bauerman, one of the first 7 students to enter the Government School of Mines in 1851.
2016 - Professor Stephen Mann FRS "Systems of Creation: the Emergence of Life from Non-living Materials?"
2017 - Professor Sir Richard Friend FRS "Electronic Excitations in Molecular Semiconductors"
2018 - Professor Jennifer Lewis "Digital and Self-Assembly of Vascularized Organ-Specific Tissues"
2019 - Professor Dierk Raabe "Compositional Lattice Defect Manipulation for Microstructure Design"
2020 - Professor Nicola Spaldin "New Materials for a New Age"
References
External links
Department website
Imperial College London website
1851 establishments in England
Educational institutions established in 1851
Materials Department
Materials
Sibour is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jules Henri de Sibour (1872–1938), French architect
Marie-Dominique-Auguste Sibour (1792–1857), Catholic Archbishop of Paris, assassinated by a priest
See also
SIBOR
Sibur
During five episodes, one in 2018, three in 2020, and one in 2022, Google suffered from severe outages that disrupted a variety of their services. The first was a YouTube outage in October 2018. The second was a Gmail/Google Drive outage in August 2020. The third, in November 2020, affected mainly YouTube, and the fourth, in December 2020, affected most of their services. The fifth, in August 2022, affected Google Search, Maps, Drive and YouTube. These outages seemed to be global.
October 2018 YouTube outage
On 16 October 2018, a global outage disrupted YouTube for approximately one hour and 2 minutes, YouTube Music and YouTube TV were affected as well. When users try to open YouTube, the website only shows a blank page without videos. On the app, an error message read, “There was a problem with the network [503].”
During the outage, the hashtag #YouTubeDown was trending on Twitter, Instagram and other social media platforms. YouTube acknowledged that on Twitter. After 1 hour and 2 minutes of outage, YouTube was fixed.
August 2020 services outage
On 20 August 2020, over a period of approximately six hours, a global outage abruptly disrupted Google's suite of services, including Gmail, Google Drive, Google Docs, Google Meet and Google Voice. The outage is reported to have started around 06:30 UTC. Google acknowledged the worldwide disruption in the G Suite Status Dashboard. Users complained that they were unable to upload files to Gmail, transfer files, and upload files to Google Drive. There were also reports that some users were unable to log in to their Gmail accounts. The reason for the technical issue is not publicly known.
November 2020 YouTube/Google TV outage
On 11 November 2020, another outage occurred on YouTube, YouTube Music, YouTube TV, Google TV and Google Play. The outage started at roughly 12:20 UTC. Users experienced problems playing videos, error messages, and errors that caused loading loops. At 04:13 UTC, YouTube gave the all-clear on its Twitter.
December 2020 services outage
On 14 December 2020, another global outage occurred, affecting authenticated users of most Google services, including Gmail, YouTube, Google Drive, Google Docs, Google Calendar and Google Play. The problem was due to a failure in Google Accounts; services such as YouTube were still accessible with private browsing. Google Workspace Status Dashboard showed all services as operational for approximately 40 minutes before correctly reporting their status as down. The outage started at approximately 11:45 UTC, and Google services were restored around 13:00 UTC.
Google identified the issue as an accidental reduction of capacity on their central user ID management system, causing requests that required OAuth-based authentication to fail; this also included the Google Cloud Platform.
On 15 December 2020, many emails sent to Gmail servers reported a 550 error code, which incorrectly indicates that the email address does not exist.
August 2022 services outage
On 8 August 2022, Google Search, Maps, Drive and YouTube went down, returning HTTP 500 and HTTP 502 errors. After their services went back online, Google apologised and stated that a software update issue was to blame.
See also
Criticism of Google
2021 Facebook outage
Microsoft Azure Outages
Amazon Web Services Outages
Downtime
References
Criticism of Google
2020 in computing
2020s internet outages
2018 in computing
2010s internet outages
2022 in computing
Legend of the Dragon is a fighting game for the Wii, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. It was developed by French company Neko Entertainment and published by The Game Factory on May 1, 2007. The story follows the animated series of the same name.
Gameplay
The game's roster features 24 characters from the series. Players are able to move around freely in the outside universe or places of combat. Locations featured in the series are present in the game as combat arenas: the 12 Sacred Temples, the Dragon Dojo, the Zodiac Master's hideout, the Temple of Shadow Dragon, the Great Wall of China, and Hong Kong Bay. Eight game modes are present for players to choose from: Play Quest, Arcade, Training, Survival, Time Attack, Versus, Team Battle, and Tag.
Reception
Legend of the Dragon received negative reviews from critics. On Metacritic, the game holds scores of 29/100 for the PlayStation 2 version based on 4 reviews, and 37/100 for the Wii version based on 14 reviews, and 36/100 for the PSP version based on 12 reviews. On GameRankings, the game holds scores of 28.50% for the PlayStation 2 version based on 4 reviews, 42.07% for the PSP version based on 14 reviews, and 39.50% for the Wii version based on 14 reviews. Various publications criticized the game for poor graphics and animations, lack of variety in fighting moves for the characters, and poor controls for the Wii version.
References
2007 video games
3D fighting games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation Portable games
Video games based on television series
Video games developed in France
Wii games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Neko Entertainment games
The Game Factory games
Kuzca, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
The 1916 Portsmouth by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Portsmouth on 15 January 1916. The seat had become vacant when Lord Charles Beresford (one of the constituency's two Conservative Members of Parliament) was elevated to peerage as Baron Beresford.
The Conservative candidate, Hon. Sir Hedworth Meux, was returned unopposed. He held the seat until the constituency was divided at the 1918 general election, and did not stand for Parliament again.
References
Sources
See also
Portsmouth (UK Parliament constituency)
1900 Portsmouth by-election
The town (now city) of Portsmouth
List of the United Kingdom by-elections (1900–1918)
1916 in England
1916 elections in the United Kingdom
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Hampshire constituencies
Unopposed by-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom (need citation)
Elections in Portsmouth
20th century in Hampshire
January 1916 events
Hewitt Poole Jellett (5 January 1825- 19 March 1911) was an Irish barrister and judge. He is notable for holding the office of Serjeant-at-law (Ireland) for more than twenty years until his death at the age of eighty-six.
He was born in Tullycorbet, County Monaghan, a younger son of the Reverend Morgan Jellett (died 1832), rector of the parish, and Harriette Townsend Poole, daughter of Hewitt Baldwin Poole of Mayfield, County Cork and Dorothea Morris. John Hewitt Jellett, Provost of Trinity College Dublin, was his elder brother.
He went to school in Edgeworthstown, County Longford, and entered Trinity College, Dublin in 1840, when he was still only 15, graduating from BA in 1846. He was called to the Bar in 1847 and took silk in 1864. He served as Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for Queen's County (now County Laois) from 1865 to 1877, then returned to private practice at the Bar. He became a Bencher of the King's Inns in 1875: his portrait still hangs in the Inns.
In 1888 he was appointed Third Serjeant, and he became Second Serjeant in 1892. Unusually, he remained Second Serjeant until his death at the age of eighty-six, although he seems to have ceased practising law about 1899. Hart suggests that in his later years he was regarded simply as an "honorary" serjeant: when the office of First Serjeant fell vacant in 1907 there was no question of promoting Jellett, who was then eighty-two.
He died of pneumonia in March 1911 at his home in Upper Pembroke Street, Dublin. Although he had long since retired from active practice at the Bar, the newspapers wrote that his death was a severe loss to the legal profession
He married Josephine Barrington, daughter of Sir Matthew Barrington, 2nd Baronet, who is best remembered for the foundation of Barrington's Hospital, Limerick, and his wife Charlotte Hartigan, daughter of the eminent surgeon William Hartigan. They had two sons.
Sources
Burke, Sir Bernard "Landed Gentry of Ireland" London Harrisons 1899
Haydn, John and Ockerby, Horace The Book of Dignities 3rd Edition London 1894
Hart, A. R. History of the King's Serjeant at law in Ireland Dublin Four Courts Press 2000
Irish Independent 20 March 1911
Notes
19th-century Irish judges
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Serjeants-at-law (Ireland)
20th-century Irish judges
Ecphyadophoridae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Ecphyadophora
Lelenchus
References
Nematodes
Ulrike Helzel is a German operatic mezzo-soprano.
Life
Helzel was born in Magdeburg. She received her vocal training from 1988 onwards with Christa Kern-Pöschel at the University of Music and Theatre Leipzig. In 1990, she was awarded second prize at the in Karlovy Vary/Karlsbad. In 1992, she was a scholarship holder of the Richard Wagner Scholarship Foundation. Already during her studies she sang in Halle and Leipzig. she was engaged at the Opernhaus Halle. She also performed at the Handel Festival, Halle. She received the in 1995. From 1996 to 2012, she worked at the Deutsche Oper Berlin. Her roles there included "Orpheus" in Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice, "Cherubino" in Mozart's Le nozze di Figaro, "Hänsel" in Humperdinck's Hänsel und Gretel,"Octavian" in Strauss' Der Rosenkavalier and "Fuchs" in Janáček's The Cunning Little Vixen. She also sang Mary Magdalene de' Pazzi in contemporary music theatre Infinito nero by Salvatore Sciarrino.
In 2011 she made her debut at the Vienna State Opera, where she became an ensemble member in 2012. Among other, she sang there as Annina in Strauss' Der Rosenkavalier, as Wellgundein Wagner's Götterdämmerung, as "Elfe" in Dvořáks's Rusalka, as "Jenny" in Weill's Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny as "Marcellina" in Mozart's The marriage of Figaro. She also took part in the children's opera Pollicino by Hans Werner Henze. Guest appearances have taken her to De Nationale Opera in Amsterdam, the Theater Basel, the Komische Oper Berlin, the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie, the Semperoper, the Grand Théâtre de Genève, the Opernhaus Graz, the Hamburgische Staatsoper, the Cologne Opera, the Leipzig Opera, the Opéra National de Lyon and the Bayerische Staatsoper in Munich. She also performed at the Dresden Music Festival and the Lucerne Festival. From 2006 to 2012, she was regularly engaged at the Bayreuth Festival. There she was "Wellgunde" in Der Ring des Nibelungen as well as the Second Squire and the Flower Girl in Parsifal (from 2008).
Concert tours as a concert singer have taken her to the USA and Japan, working with conductors such as Marek Janowski, Jiří Kout, Helmuth Rilling, Peter Schreier, Christian Thielemann, Marcello Viotti and Lothar Zagrosek. She interprets songs among others by Brahms, Mussorgsky and Zemlinsky.
Further reading
Helzel, Ulrike. In Axel Schniederjürgen (ed.): Kürschners Musiker-Handbuch. 5th edition, K. G. Saur Verlag, Munich 2006, , .
References
External links
Ulrike Helzel in the artist directory of the Lucerne Festival
German operatic sopranos
Musicians from Magdeburg
20th-century German women opera singers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Séré Moussa Ani Samou is a rural commune in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 552 square kilometers and includes 15 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 18,088. The village of Siékorolé, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 20 km northwest of Yanfolila.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Whyte Review was a review into the practices of British Gymnastics. The review was co-commissioned by UK Sport and Sport England and led by Anne Whyte QC. It began in August 2020. The review received in excess of 400 submissions of evidence and £3 million. 190 interviews were conducted for the report and 133 former and current gymnasts were interviewed. It was published in June 2022.
The report detailed 'systemic' accounts of both physical and emotional abuse of young athletes. The submissions described sexual assault, excessive weigh management and emotional abuse of gymnasts.
See also
USA Gymnastics sex abuse scandal
References
Gymnastics in the United Kingdom
2020 in British sport
Sports scandals in the United Kingdom
José de Segovia may refer to:
José Antonio de Segovia, (born 1982), Spanish cyclist
Jose de Segovia (journalist), (born 1964), Spanish journalist, teacher and theologian
Marian Czakański (born 1 October 1946 in Siemianowice Śląskie) is a Polish politician and economist. He briefly served as Minister of Health in the government of Marek Belka (2004).
Education
He is a 1969 graduate of the Warsaw School of Economics (SGPiS) attending the Department of Finance and Statistics.
During 1971 and 1972 he was an exchange scholar under a Ford Foundation program, as well a special graduate student at the MIT Sloan School of Management and Harvard University.
In 1975, he defended his Ph.D. dissertation in strategic planning and management under Professor Jerzy Ruszkiewicz at the Warsaw University of Technology (Warsaw Tech). He also worked as an instructor at the Institute of Economics and Social Sciences, a unit of Warsaw Tech.
He was active in a faculty exchange program that was established between Warsaw Tech and the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. Under Professor Carl Bellas, he taught management at the Pamplin School of Business together with Christopher Ziemnowicz.
During 1995 and 1996, he took courses in banking and strategic management at the Harvard Business School as well as at the Irish Development Institute in Dublin.
Early career
From 1970 to 1989 he was Director of the Department of Export Development in the Ministry of Economy International Economic Cooperation.
He also held positions as:
Advisor to the vice-chairman of the Council of Ministers
Director of the Office of International Economic Cooperation in the Council of Ministers
Director of the Office of Science and Technical Progress in the Central Planning Commission
From 1989 to 1992 he was a special advisor to the Polish Embassy in Canada.
From 1992, he worked at Bank Pekao, and from 1995 to 1998 as its vice-president. In August 1998, he became president of the Pension Company Nationale-Nederlanden (ING). In June 2000, he became president of Bank Śląski and resigned in March 2004. He then joined the supervisory board of the Polish petroleum company PKN Orlen.
In 2003, the weekly magazine Przegląd placed Czakański as number 39 in its list of the most influential people in Poland.
As Minister of Health
On 11 June 2004, Czakański was nominated as the Minister of Health. He took over after Wojciech Rudnicki started this position just one-month previously, but Rudnicki's state of health forced him to resign (with a brief period Jerzy Hausner as acting) and thus Czakański substituted him.
Similarly, Czakański did not keep the position for very long. He turned in his resignation in the following month after series of critical statements he made during the course of Sejm debate about the condition of the health service in Poland. The explanation for the sudden resignation was that because he is not politician, he did not see capability of reforming the Polish health care system. Czakański said that his resignation was for "personal reasons", but he underscored that "the situation in this area is such that it revolves mainly around politics, and not about issues that can be resolved. I know how to make the reforms, but I can also see the directions these problems are going." After Czakański's brief service, Senator Marek Balicki took the position of the Minister of Health as of 15 July 2004.
Czakański was just one of many shuffles in the leadership of Poland's Health Ministry that further contributed to the problems of reforming the nation's chronically underfunded health system.
Later career
During 2004–2005, he was an Advisor to the President of ING Bank Śląski. He was appointed to the Board of Directors on 15 September 2005.
He served on the board of directors of several companies and organizations including:
Member appointed by the Prime Minister to the State Committee for Scientific Research (KBN) responsible for national policy in the area of science and technology.
Advisory Board member for CEMBA (Canadian Executive MBA at the Warsaw School of Economics).
Management board member of the Polish Bank Association (Związek Banków Polskich - ZBP)
Served on the International Advisory Board for Business and Marketing for MasterCard
References
Inline
General
Images of Marian Czakański:
1946 births
Living people
People from Siemianowice Śląskie
Warsaw University of Technology alumni
Polish economists
MIT Sloan School of Management alumni
Harvard University alumni
Health ministers of Poland
Brooklyn Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Chatham, Louisiana.
The church building is a plain wood-frame structure built in 1902. It was deemed significant "as an almost perfectly preserved example of an austere turn-of-the-century country frame church. It represents a local North Louisiana unpretentious building tradition. Architecturally speaking, churches of this ilk should be regarded as remote descendants of provincial Greek Revival temple form churches. They are generally associated with the Methodist and Baptist sects and represent a building type which is a vital part of the material culture of the Upland South. But it is an archetype which is rapidly disappearing."
The cemetery has been used at least since the arrival of first settlers in the area in 1857. Almost all the tombstones date from c.1860 through the early twentieth century.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 2, 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson Parish, Louisiana
References
Churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1902
Churches in Jackson Parish, Louisiana
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson Parish, Louisiana
Reiner Broc(k)mann (1609, Schwan-Grändzdorf, Mecklenburg – 1647 Tallinn) was a pastor, ceremonial poet and translator. He is considered to be the first poet who wrote in Estonian.
From 1634, he was a professor of Greek at Tallinn Gymnasium (nowadays Gustav Adolf Grammar School). From 1639, he was a pastor in Kadrina.
He is probably best known for his translations of hymns into the Estonian language. He also wrote ceremonial poetry in several languages. Most of his work was modeled by his colleague Paul Fleming.
He died in 1647 in Tallinn and is buried in St. Olaf's Church.
Works
1637 wedding song "Carmen Alexandrinum Esthonicum ad leges Opitij poeticas compositum" ('Estonian Song in Alexandrine Created According to the Poetics of Martin Opitz')
1638 wedding song "Oda Esthonica Jambico-Trochaica" ('An Estonian Iambic-Trochaic Ode')
1639 wedding song "Oda Esthonica Trochaica" ('An Estonian Trochaic Ode')
References
External links
Reiner Brockmann at Estonian Writers' Online Dictionary
Baltic-German people
German poets
1609 births
1647 deaths
Shanti Grau Roney (born 24 November 1970) is a Swedish actor. While his film credits include nearly twenty movies, most of these have been limited to a domestic or Scandinavian release. One notable exception is Lukas Moodysson's film Together (2000) which gathered acclaim at film festivals worldwide.
In television, he had a prominent role in the popular series Tusenbröder while also featuring in the Danish series The Eagle which won an International Emmy Award in 2005. In 2011, Roney had a leading role in Crime Drama Arne Dahl.
Shanti Roney is brother to Nunu and Marimba Roney.
Filmography
Tove (2020) as Atos Wirtanen
Quicksand (2019)
Stockholm (2018) as Olof Palme
Pojken med guldbyxorna (2014) as Torkel
Nymphomaniac (2013)
Arne Dahl (2011) as Paul Hjelm (10 episodes)
Vagn (2009) as Engberg
Metropia as (voice) Karl
Applause (2009) as Tom
Flickan (2009)
a.k.a. The Girl (Europe: English title: festival title)
Julia (2009) as Bruno
Wallander as Ralf (1 episode, 2009)
- Tjuven (2009) TV episode .... Ralf
Häxdansen (2008) TV mini-series .... Peter Brandt
Der Kommissar und das Meer as Per Bovide (1 episode, 2008)
- Sommerzeit (2008) TV episode .... Per Bovide
En mand kommer hjem (2007) .... The cook
a.k.a. A Man Comes Home (International: English title)
a.k.a. En man kommer hem (Sweden)
a.k.a. When a Man Comes Home (USA)
Desmond & Träskpatraskfällan (2006) (voice)
a.k.a. Desmond & The Swamp Barbarian Trap (International: English title)
Smagsdommerne as Løvborg (1 episode, 2006)
- Episode #3.8 (2006) TV episode .... Løvborg
Vakuum (2006) .... The man
Ørnen: En krimi-odyssé as Benjamin Stern (3 episodes, 2005)
a.k.a. "Ørnen" (Denmark: short title)
a.k.a. "The Eagle" (International: English title)
- Kodenavn: Erinye - Del 11 (2005) TV episode
- Kodenavn: Kronos - Del 10 (2005) TV episode
- Kodenavn: Kronos - Del 9 (2005) TV episode
Bang Bang Orangutang (2005) as Martin
Desmonds trashade äppelträd (2004) (voice) as Desmond
a.k.a. Desmond's Trashed Apple Tree (International: English title)
Hotet (2004) as Lasse Brunell
a.k.a. The Threat (International: English title)
a.k.a. Uhka (Finland)
Kommer du med mig då (2003) as Theodor Marklund
a.k.a. Kehystetty rakkaus (Finland)
a.k.a. Make Believe (International: English title)
Norrmalmstorg (2003) (TV) .... Clark Olofsson
Talismanen (2003) TV mini-series .... Viktor
Freddies och Leos äventyr (2003) (TV) .... Berättare
a.k.a. The Adventures of Freddie and Leo (International: English title)
Tusenbröder as Niklas (5 episodes, 2002)
a.k.a. "Tusenbröder II" (Sweden: second season title)
a.k.a. "Tusenbröder III" (Sweden: third season title)
- Tusenbröder - Del 5 (2002) TV episode
- Tusenbröder - Del 4 (2002) TV episode
- Tusenbröder - Del 3 (2002) TV episode
- Tusenbröder - Del 2 (2002) TV episode
- Tusenbröder - Del 1 (2002) TV episode
Kaspar i Nudådalen as the Narrator (24 episodes, 2001)
- Episode #1.24 (2001) TV episode (voice)
- Episode #1.23 (2001) TV episode (voice)
- Episode #1.22 (2001) TV episode (voice)
- Episode #1.21 (2001) TV episode (voice)
- Episode #1.20 (2001) TV episode (voice) (19 more)
Syndare i sommarsol (2001) as Alf
Øyenstikker (2001) as Mann i leilighet
a.k.a. Dragonflies (UK)
a.k.a. Dragonfly (International: English title)
Beck – Hämndens pris as Dag Sjöberg (1 episode, 2001)
Så vit som en snö (2001) as Lars Andersson
a.k.a. As White as in Snow (International: English title)
a.k.a. Så hvid som sne (Denmark)
Hans och hennes (2001) as Clarence
a.k.a. His and Hers (literal English title)
a.k.a. Making Babies (International: English title)
En fot i have graven (2001) TV mini-series
Skuggpojkarna (2001) (TV) as Per
Tillsammans (2000) as Klas
a.k.a. Together (International: English title) (Italy)
a.k.a. Tillsammans (Denmark)
Födelsedagen (2000) .... Peter
a.k.a. The Birthday (International: English title)
Ett litet rött paket as Jesper Olsén (1 episode, 1999)
- Drömmen om Elin (1999) TV episode
Clinch (1999) as Ralle
Vägen ut (1999) as Glenn
a.k.a. Breaking Out (International: English title)
Personkrets 3:1 (1998) (TV) as Micke
S:t Mikael as Nilsson (1 episode, 1998)
- Episode #1.5 (1998) TV episode
Hammarkullen (1997) TV mini-series as Josef, Frank's son
a.k.a. "Vi ses i Kaliningrad!" (Sweden)
Harry och Sonja (1996) as Jonathan
Trivia
Roney played the role of Clark Olofsson in a 2003 TV movie about the 1973 Norrmalmstorg robbery, which coined the phrase "Stockholm syndrome".
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Swedish male actors
Best Supporting Actor Guldbagge Award winners
Jessica Park (born 21 October 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Women's Super League club Everton on loan from Manchester City.
Club career
Park made her debut on 6 December 2017, coming on in a 3–2 win over Doncaster Belles in the League Cup.
Park signed her first professional contract with Manchester City, keeping her at the club until 2023, on 4 April 2020.
On the 14 June 2022, Park signed a contract up until 2026. After signing she stated, "This is my club."
Career statistics
Club
.
Honours
Club
Manchester City
Women's FA Cup: 2019–20
FA WSL Cup: 2021–22
Individual
UEFA Women's Under-17 Championship Team of the Tournament: 2018
References
External links
Profile at the Manchester City F.C. website
English women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
2001 births
Living people
Women's Super League players
Manchester City W.F.C. players
England women's youth international footballers
This is a list of characters in animation that either self-identify as bisexual or have been identified by outside parties to be bisexual. Listed characters are either recurring characters, cameos, guest stars, or one-off characters. This article does not include any characters in Japanese animation, otherwise known as anime. There are also corresponding lists of lesbian and gay animated characters.
For fictional characters in other parts of the LGBTQ community, see the lists of gay, trans, lesbian, non-binary, pansexual, asexual, and intersex characters.
The names are organized alphabetically by surname (i.e. last name), or by a single name if the character does not have a surname. If more than two characters are in one entry, the last name of the first character is used.
In the 1990s
In the 2000s
In the 2010s
In the 2020s
See also
List of bisexual characters in television
The Bisexual Option
List of polyamorous characters in fiction
List of animated series with LGBTQ characters
List of comedy television series with LGBT characters
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 1970s–2000s
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 2010s
List of LGBT characters in television and radio
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
See the overview page here.
Bisexual in animation
bisexual
WSQL (1240 AM / 102.1 FM) also known as Q102, is a radio station located in Brevard, North Carolina broadcasting a "Greatest Hits" format. The station is currently owned by Go Nuts Media LLC.
Q102 / WSQL Radio broadcasts 24 hours a day on 102.1 FM and 1240 AM in Brevard, North Carolina and streams a live signal worldwide via the web at www.WSQLRadio.com.
The station image is "The Home of the White Squirrel", and reflects the presence as The Voice of Transylvania County.
Daytime format is a mix of the greatest hits 1960s, 1970s and 1980s Adult Contemporary music. The station airs local news, events, sports, and weather. WSQL is an affiliate of CBS Radio News, Westwood One, and the North Carolina News Network.
WSQL is the voice of the Brevard College Tornados, the Brevard High School Blue Devils, and the Rosman High School Tigers. The station also airs the Tar Heels games during football and basketball seasons.
The station is located at 62 W. Main St., in downtown Brevard. The live disk jockeys broadcast from the front window overlooking Main St.
WSQL Radio launched its website on August 21, 2009. The site offers two separate audio streams. One stream broadcasts 102.1 FM / 1240 AM live twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. The second stream is used for broadcasting other live events such as Rosman High School sports and other special events.
On January 12, 2015 WSQL changed their format to the greatest hits, branded as "Q102", simulcast on FM translator W271CL 102.1 FM Brevard.
Previous logo
External links
Station Website
Official Twitter
Official Facebook
SQL
Cramér's theorem may refer to
Cramér's decomposition theorem, a statement about the sum of normal distributed random variable
Cramér's theorem (large deviations), a fundamental result in the theory of large deviations
Cramer's theorem (algebraic curves), a result regarding the necessary number of points to determine a curve
See also
Cramer's rule
The Defence of Cádiz (full title - The Defence of Cádiz against the English or The Hostile Landing of the English near Cádiz in 1625 under the command of the Earl of Leicester) is an oil on canvas painting by Francisco de Zurbarán, now in the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
It shows the Spanish preparing their defences just before the arrival of Edward Cecil's Cádiz expedition of 1625. In the left foreground is the city's governor Fernando Girón giving orders to his subordinates, including the deputy field commander Diego Ruiz. In the background are the English troops landing in front of the El Puntal fort in the Bay of Cádiz.
Initially attributed to Eugenio Caxés, it is now known to have been painted by Zurbarán as part of a decorative scheme for the Hall of Realms at the Buen Retiro Palace in Madrid which also included Velázquez's The Surrender of Breda and Maino's The Recovery of Bahía de Todos los Santos. Zurbarán also produced ten paintings of the Labours of Hercules for the Hall of Realms - these are also now in the Prado.
Notes
References
External links
History paintings
1634 paintings
Paintings by Francisco de Zurbarán in the Museo del Prado
Group portraits by Spanish artists
17th-century portraits
Maritime paintings
"Wifey" is a song by American R&B trio Next. The song was written by Eddie Berkeley, Keir Gist, band member Robert "RL" Huggar, and singer Lil' Mo for the group's second studio album, Welcome II Nextasy (2000). The song was released as the album's lead single on May 8, 2000. "Wifey" peaked at number one on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart while reaching number seven on the Billboard Hot 100. It also entered the top 20 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom. In 2001, the song won an AWARD Rhythm & Soul Award for in the Award-Winning R&B/Hip-Hop Songs category.
Music video
Directed by Jeff Richter, the video shows imagery of the band members treating their significant women with care as the video cuts to a stage where the guys along with three female dancers appear and perform on the stage. It then shows each member of the group attracting a woman ranging from velvet ropes outside a club, the bedroom and in the bathroom when the woman soaks in the bathtub.
Credits and personnel
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of Welcome II Nextasy.
Eddie Berkeley – writing, production
Raphael "Tweety" Brown – vocals
Terry "T-Low" Brown – vocals
Robert "R.L." Huggar – writing, vocals
KayGee – mixing, production, writing
Adam Kudzin – mixing
Lil' Mo – writing, additional vocals
Shane Stoneback – engineering assistance
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2000 singles
2000 songs
Arista Records singles
Lil' Mo songs
Music videos directed by Jeff Richter
Songs written by Lil' Mo
Songs written by KayGee
İncircik, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
The Ludham Borehole was a geological research borehole drilled in 1959 near Ludham, Norfolk, UK. A continuous core sample of late Pliocene and early Pleistocene sediments of the Crag Group was recovered. Analysis allowed biostratigraphic zonal schemes for fossil pollen, foraminifera, mollusca and dinoflagellates to be constructed for horizons of the Red Crag and Norwich Crag Formations, and for these formations to be thus correlated with strata of equivalent age in the North Sea basin and north-west Europe.
History of investigation
In 1950 a pilot borehole was put down for exploratory water supply purposes at the Smallburgh Rural District Council waterworks at Wateringpiece Lane, Catfield, near Ludham. Investigation of sediment samples was carried out for fossil foraminiferan content by Brian Funnell and for pollen by Colin Forbes. In 1959 the Royal Society of London financed a research borehole located 80 m to the east. It penetrated Pliocene and Pleistocene deposits of the Crag Group to a depth of 50 m, and found them resting on deposits of the Eocene London Clay Formation. Sediment samples were analysed for their fossil pollen, foraminiferan and molluscan content by Richard West, Brian Funnell and Peter Norton, and later by Martin Head and others for dinoflagellates This research has confirmed the value of the Ludham Borehole for understanding the Pliocene and Pleistocene geology of East Anglia, and for correlation with strata of equivalent age in the North Sea basin and north-west Europe. The findings have since been supplemented by the results from the Ormesby Borehole. The Ludham Borehole is the type site for the Ludhamian Stage which has been correlated with part of the Praetiglian Stage on the continent, and tentatively correlated with the transition of Marine Isotope Stages 97 to 96.
Stratigraphy
The borehole log has been given by West (1962). It was considered that the sedimentary sequence between – 7.6 and –49.7 m depth (grey sands, silts and clays) clearly belonged to the Crag Group. The sequence above this (brown sands with yellow clay seams and ferruginous material) was considered to resemble the uppermost division of Norwich Crag as described by Woodward (1881), attributed to the Bure Valley Beds (now referred to the Wroxham Crag Formation. The geology at this location has been mapped by the British Geological Survey as glacial deposits of the Corton Formation overlying Crag Group (undifferentiated).
Fauna and flora
Molluscs
Work by Norton (1967) investigated the molluscan fossils from the Ludham Borehole. A sequence of six biostratigraphic assemblage zones was identified, and the results correlated with
palaeontological research at this and other sites. It was noted by Norton (1977) that the molluscan fauna gave no indication of the clearly cyclical temperature changes evident from pollen and foraminiferal fossils in the Ludham sequence, and hence it was unreliable for palaeoclimatic interpretation.
Plants
A sequence of pollen assemblage zones was identified by West (1962), which permitted the designation of five biostratigraphic stages. 1. (the oldest) Ludhamian, with temperate mixed coniferous/deciduous forest including Tsuga and Pterocarya; 2. Thurnian, a glacial stage with an oceanic heath type of vegetation; 3. Antian, with temperate mixed coniferous/deciduous forest including Tsuga and Pterocarya; 4. Baventian, a glacial stage more severe than the Thurnian, with the return of oceanic heaths; 5. An unnamed stage with temperate mixed coniferous/deciduous forest lacking Pterocarya and with only a few traces of Tsuga. These stages were provisionally correlated with Early Pleistocene stages in the Netherlands: the Ludhamian with the Tiglian, the Thurnian with Eburonian, the Antian with Waalian, and the Baventian with Menapian. The unnamed stage was later tentatively correlated with the Pastonian. Further work was later conducted on Ludham pollen samples, yielding evidence for input by British rivers into the Crag sedimentary sequence in the southern North Sea basin.
Dinoflagellates
Dinoflagellate assemblages were analysed by Wall & Dale (1968), and were found to correspond with five facies associations in the sequence identified by West (1962). More detailed work was later conducted by Head (1996), permitting the identification of over 29 species.
Foraminifers
A sequence of seven foraminiferal assemblage zones were identified by Funnell (1961) on the basis of research into the Ludham Pilot Boring. Those from the lower part of the sequence were correlated with the Red Crag Formation and from the upper part with the Norwich Crag Formation. The uppermost zone (7) had an arctic-type fauna correlated with the Weybourne Crag (now referred to the Wroxham Crag Formation).
See also
Geologic time scale
Geology of England
Geology of the North Sea
Norwich Crag Formation
Palaeontology
Pleistocene
Pliocene
Red Crag Formation
References
Further reading
Arthurton, RS, Booth, SJ, Morigi, AN, Abbott, MAW & Wood, CJ (1994). Geology of the country around Great Yarmouth. Memoir for 1:50,000 Geological Sheets 162. British Geological Survey, HMSO, London. .
Dixon, RG (ed) (2012). A Celebration of Suffolk Geology. GeoSuffolk 10th Anniversary Volume. GeoSuffolk, Ipswich. .
Moorlock, BSP, Hamblin, RJO, Booth, SJ & Woods, MA (2002). Geology of the Mundesley and North Walsham District. A brief explanation of the geological map Sheet 132 Mundesley and Sheet 148 North Walsham. British Geological Survey, Keyworth. .
External links
BGS Stratigraphic Lexicon: Norwich Crag Formation
BGS Stratigraphic Lexicon: Red Crag Formation
Geological Society of Norfolk
Norfolk Geodiversity Partnership
Quaternary Research Association
Biostratigraphy
East Anglia
Geology of Norfolk
Lithostratigraphy of England
Pleistocene geochronology
Pliocene
Pleistocene
Pleistocene animals
Pleistocene life
Quaternary
Quaternary Europe
Stratigraphy of the United Kingdom
Sun sign astrology, or star sign astrology, is a modern simplified system of Western astrology which considers only the position of the Sun at birth, which is said to be placed within one of the twelve zodiac signs, rather than the positions of the sun and the other six 'planets'. This sign is then called the sun sign or star sign of the person born in that twelfth-part of the year. Sun sign astrologers take this basic twelve-fold division and relate all the current movements of all the planets to each other, using traditional rules to divine meanings for each sign separately. Because the Moon has the fastest apparent movement of all the heavenly bodies, it is often used as the main indicator of daily trends for sun sign astrology forecasts.
Sun sign astrology is a pseudoscience
and the form of astrology most commonly found in many newspaper and magazine columns. Scientific investigations of the theoretical basis and experimental verification of claims have shown it to have no scientific validity or explanatory power.
History
Although William Lilly in the 17th century was the first newspaper astrologer, it isn't known exactly when sun sign astrology first began. However, it was largely popularized by horoscopes which began appearing in English newspapers in the 1930s. Astrologer R. H. Naylor was claimed to have accurately predicted events surrounding the birth of Princess Margaret and the crash of the R101 airship in his horoscopes featured in The Sunday Express. By 1937, Naylor began writing a regular column for the paper called Your Stars, which featured horoscopes based on the 12-star signs.
Sun signs
The following table shows the zodiac names in Latin, with their English translation and the individuals' names. It also shows the element and quality associated with each sign. The starting and ending dates of the sun sign are approximate, as they may differ from one year to another (by a day or so), due to the fact that the earth's orbit around the sun is not synchronous with earth's rotation (one year does not comprehend a whole number of days). The exact date and time of sign entrance/exit (which is corresponded to the 12 "mid-climates" within Chinese lunisolar calendar) must be obtained with appropriate software or with the help of an ephemeris.
Traditional planets in brackets
See also
Sun sign
Horoscopic astrology
Horoscope
Acronical place
References
Astrology by type
History of astrology
Astrology
Stomu Takeishi (born 1964, in Mito, Ibaraki Prefecture) is a Japanese jazz bass player. He generally plays fretless five-string electric bass guitar, as well as a Klein five-string acoustic bass guitar. He often uses looping or other electronic techniques to enhance the sound of his instrument.
Takeishi began as a koto player. He went to the United States in 1983 to attend the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. After completing his degree in 1986, he moved to Manhattan to continue his studies at The New School. He has lived in New York City ever since.
In the 1990s he began to achieve prominence as an innovative New York jazz bass player, and critics have noted both his adventurous playing and sensitivity to sound and timbre. He has played in many international jazz festivals and often performs at major venues in New York, the United States, and Europe.
He has performed and/or recorded with Don Cherry, Henry Threadgill, Pat Metheny, Bill Frisell, Butch Morris, Dave Liebman, Randy Brecker, Wynton Marsalis, Paul Motian, Myra Melford, Cuong Vu, Badal Roy, David Tronzo, Erik Friedlander, Satoko Fujii, Laszlo Gardony, Ahmad Mansour and Andy Laster.
In DownBeat Magazine's 57th Critics Poll in 2009, Takeishi was the poll winner in the category of Electric Bass, Rising Star.
He has been performing all over Mexico with MOLE (Hernan Hecht at drums, Mark Aanderud at piano).
Discography
With Erik Friedlander
Topaz (Siam, 1999)
Skin (Siam, 2000)
Quake (Cryptogramaphone, 2003)
Prowl (Cryptogramaphone, 2006)
With Henry Threadgill
Where's Your Cup? (Columbia, 1996)
Everybodys Mouth's a Book (Pi, 2001)
This Brings Us to Volume 1 (Pi, 2009)
This Brings Us to Volume 2 (Pi, 2010)
Tomorrow Sunny / The Revelry, Spp (Pi, 2012)
With Paul Motian
Paul Motian and the Electric Bebop Band (Winter & Winter, 2004)
With Lucía Pulido
Waning Moon (Adventure Music, 2008)
With Brandon Ross
For Living Lovers : Brandon Ross | Stomu Takeishi - Revealing Essence (Sunnyside Records, 2014)
With Cuong Vu
Ragged Jack (Avant, 1997)
Bound (Omnitone, 2000)
Pure (Knitting Factory, 2000)
Come Play with Me (Knitting Factory, 2001)
It's Mostly Residual (ArtistShare/EMI, 2005)
Vu-Tet (ArtistShare, 2007)
Leaps of Faith (Origin, 2011)
Cuong Vu Trio Meets Pat Metheny (Nonesuch, 2016)
With Myra Melford
Dance Beyond the Color (Arabesque, 2000) with Crush
Where the Two Worlds Touch (Arabesque, 2004) with The Tent
The Image of Your Body (Cryptogramophone, 2006) with Be Bread
The Whole Tree Gone (Firehouse 12, 2010) with Be Bread
Snowy Egret (Yellowbird, 2015)
The Other Side of Air (Firehouse 12, 2018)
With Mark Aanderud and Hernan Hecht
RGB (RareNoise Records, 2014)
External links
Article from Bass Player magazine
Takeishi, Stomu
Takeishi, Stomu
Takeishi, Stomu
Takeishi, Stomu
Takeishi, Stomu
Takeishi, Stomu
20th-century Japanese musicians
20th-century bass guitarists
Sunnyside Records artists
20th-century Japanese male musicians
21st-century Japanese musicians
21st-century bass guitarists
21st-century Japanese male musicians
RareNoiseRecords artists
Satkhira-3 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2008 by AFM Ruhal Haque of the Awami League.
Boundaries
The constituency encompasses Assasuni and Debhata upazilas and the four northernmost union parishads of Kaliganj Upazila: Bhara Simla, Champaphul, Nalta, and Tarali.
History
The constituency was created in 1984 from a Khulna constituency when the former Khulna District was split into three districts: Bagerhat, Khulna, and Satkhira.
Ahead of the 2008 general election, the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census. The 2008 redistricting altered the boundaries of the constituency.
Members of Parliament
Elections
Elections in the 2010s
AFM Ruhal Haque was re-elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election.
Elections in the 2000s
Elections in the 1990s
References
External links
Parliamentary constituencies in Bangladesh
Satkhira District
Woodwind instruments are a family of musical instruments within the greater category of wind instruments. Common examples include flute, clarinet, oboe, bassoon, and saxophone. There are two main types of woodwind instruments: flutes and reed instruments (otherwise called reed pipes). The main distinction between these instruments and other wind instruments is the way in which they produce sound. All woodwinds produce sound by splitting the air blown into them on a sharp edge, such as a reed or a fipple. Despite the name, a woodwind may be made of any material, not just wood. Common examples include brass, silver, cane, as well as other metals such as gold and platinum. The saxophone, for example, though made of brass, is considered a woodwind because it requires a reed to produce sound. Occasionally, woodwinds are made of earthen materials, especially ocarinas.
Flutes
Flutes produce sound by directing a focused stream of air below the edge of a hole in a cylindrical tube. The flute family can be divided into two sub-families: open flutes and closed flutes.
To produce a sound with an open flute, the player is required to blow a stream of air across a sharp edge that then splits the airstream. This split air stream then acts upon the air column contained within the flute's hollow causing it to vibrate and produce sound. Examples of open flutes are the transverse flute, panpipes and shakuhachi. Ancient flutes of this variety, including bamboo flutes, were often made from tubular sections of plants such as grasses, reeds, bamboo and hollowed-out tree branches. Later, flutes were made of metals such as tin, copper, or bronze. Modern concert flutes are usually made of high-grade metal alloys, usually containing nickel, silver, copper, or gold.
To produce a sound with a closed flute, the player is required to blow air into a duct. This duct acts as a channel bringing the air to a sharp edge. As with the open flutes, the air is then split; this causes the column of air within the closed flute to vibrate and produce sound. Examples of this type of flute include the recorder, ocarina, and organ pipes.
Reed instruments
Reed instruments produce sound by focusing air into a mouthpiece which then causes a reed, or reeds, to vibrate. Similarly to flutes, reed pipes are also further divided into two types: single reed and double reed.
Single-reed woodwinds produce sound by fixing a reed onto the opening of a mouthpiece (using a ligature). When air is forced between the reed and the mouthpiece, the reed causes the air column in the instrument to vibrate and produce its unique sound. Single reed instruments include the clarinet, saxophone, and others such as the chalumeau.
Double-reed instruments use two precisely cut, small pieces of cane bound together at the base. This form of sound production has been estimated to have originated in the middle to late Neolithic period; its discovery has been attributed to the observation of wind blowing through a split rush. The finished, bound reed is inserted into the instrument and vibrates as air is forced between the two pieces (again, causing the air within the instrument to vibrate as well). This family of reed pipes is subdivided further into another two sub-families: exposed double reed, and capped double reed instruments.
Exposed double-reed instruments are played by having the double reed directly between the player's lips. This family includes instruments such as the oboe, cor anglais (also called English horn) and bassoon, and many types of shawms throughout the world.
On the other hand, capped double-reed instruments have the double reed covered by a cap. The player blows through a hole in this cap that then directs the air through the reeds. This family includes the crumhorn.
Bagpipes are unique reed pipe instruments since they use two or more double or single reeds. However, bagpipes are functionally the same as a capped double reed instruments since the reeds are never in direct contact with player's lips.
Free reed aerophone instruments are likewise unique since sound is produced by 'free reeds' – small metal tongues arranged in rows within a metal or wooden frame. The airflow necessary for the instruments sound is generated either by a player's breath (e.g. harmonica), or by bellows (e.g. accordion).
Modern orchestra and concert band woodwinds
The modern orchestra's woodwind section typically includes: flutes, oboes, clarinets, and bassoons. The piccolo, cor anglais, bass clarinet, E-flat clarinet, and contrabassoon are commonly used supplementary woodwind instruments. The section may also on occasion be expanded by the addition of saxophone(s).
The concert band's woodwind section is typically much larger and more diverse than the orchestra's. The concert band's woodwind section typically includes piccolos, flutes, oboes, B clarinets, bass clarinets, bassoons, alto saxophones, tenor saxophones, and baritone saxophones. The alto flute, cor anglais, E clarinet, alto clarinet, contra-alto clarinet, contrabass clarinet, contrabassoon, and soprano saxophone are also used, but not as frequently as the other woodwinds.
See also
Brass instrument
Musical instrument
Percussion instrument
Wind instrument
References
External links
How do Woodwind Instruments work
Woodwind Fingering Chart
Woodwind Reference – ClassicalMusicHomepage.com
Dennis Bernard Jennings (20 July 1910 – 16 March 1996) was an English professional footballer. He played more than 300 games in the top two divisions of the Football League over a 21-year career which was interrupted by the Second World War, and was the oldest player to appear for Birmingham City in a competitive first-team match.
Born in Habberley Valley, Kidderminster, Worcestershire, Jennings played for several local clubs before joining West Bromwich Albion as an amateur. He then played for Kidderminster Harriers before turning professional with First Division club Huddersfield Town with a transfer fee paid of £600. He played 33 games for them before moving to Grimsby Town, where he helped the club to win the Second Division title in 1933–34. Birmingham paid £1,200 for his services in 1936.
Originally an outside right, in his 15-year Birmingham career he played in every outfield position apart from centre half. During the war he made 174 appearances for the club, contributing to them winning the wartime Football League South in 1945–46; he also guested for Nottingham Forest. After the war he played for five seasons at full back, most often left back, and helped Birmingham win the Second Division championship in 1947–48. He played his last competitive first team game for the club on 6 May 1950 at the age of 39 years 290 days, which made him the oldest player to appear for the first team. He then moved on to former club Kidderminster as player-coach, finishing his career at Lockheed Leamington.
After football, he retired to the Wadebridge area of Cornwall where he and his son Anthony Jennings ran Little Dinham caravan park. He died on 16 March 1996, aged 85.
Honours
with Grimsby Town
Football League Second Division champions 1934.
with Birmingham City
Football League South champions 1946.
Football League Second Division champions 1948.
References
General
Specific
1910 births
1996 deaths
Sportspeople from Kidderminster
English footballers
Association football wingers
Association football fullbacks
Stourport Swifts F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Leamington F.C. players
English Football League players
The Aringsås Runestones are two runestones located at the Aringsås Church in Alvesta, Kronoberg County, Sweden, which was in the historic province of Småland. A third runestone is believed to be hidden within a churchyard wall.
Sm 1
Småland Runic Inscription 1 or Sm 1 is the Rundata designation for a Viking Age memorial runestone carved on a granite stone that is 1.7 meters in height. Together with Sm 3, it was raised in its current location along the churchyard wall in 1966. The inscription consists of runic text in the younger futhark carved within a text band that runs along the outer edge of the stone. A cross is carved in the central area. As the ends of the runic text band are damaged, the inscription is classified as being probably carved in runestone style RAK, which is considered to be the oldest classification. This is the classification for inscriptions with runic text bands with straight ends that do not have any beast or serpent heads attached. The inscription was carved by a runemaster with the normalized name of Åsgöt. Åsgöt also signed inscription Sö 296 in Skälby and three other surviving runestones are attributed to him based on stylistic analysis.
The runic text states that the runestone was raised by a man named Vigniutr in memory of his father Hromund. Rundata recognizes two possible transcriptions and translations of the runic text, with the first designated as P in the transcription and translation listed below published by Magnus Källström in 2007 and the second designated as Q published by Evert Salberger in 2000. The Q version refers to Värend, which in the Middle Ages was the most populous part of Småland. Consistent with the cross, the text includes a prayer for the soul of Hromund. The Norse word salu for soul was imported from English and is first recorded during the tenth century.
Inscription
Transliteration of the runes into Latin characters
[uih]i[k]utr : resti : sten (:) ef(t)r : ru[mu]nt : faþ[ur : sin] : (k)uþ : hialbi : selu : bunta : uirskum : hiuk : askutr : [þuni]
Transcription into Old Norse
P: Vigniutr(?) ræisti stæin æftiʀ Hromund(?), faður sinn. Guð hialpi salu! Bonda virðskum hiogg Asgautr runaʀ/Þunni(?).
Q: Vigniutr ræisti stæin æftiʀ Hromund, faður sinn - Guð hialpi salu! - bonda virðskum. Hiogg Asgautr runaʀ.
Translation in English
P: Vígnjótr(?) raised the stone in memory of Hróðmundr(?), his father. May God help (his) soul. Ásgautr cut the runes / Ásgautr Þunni(?) cut for the husbandman from Virðskr.
Q: Vígnjótr raised the stone in memory of Hróðmundr, his father, for the Värendish husbandman (= from the district of the virðar). May God help his soul! Ásgautr cut the runes.
Sm 2
Småland Runic Inscription 2 or Sm 2 is the Rundata designation for a now-lost Viking Age runestone which is believed to be hidden within one of the churchyard walls. Before the historic significance of runestones was understood, they were often re-used as materials in the construction of churches, walls, and bridges. The text of the stone was recorded during one of the earlier national surveys of runestones. It states that the stone was raised by a man named Ábjôrn in memory of a man named Tóki Óníðingr. The name Óníðingr, which with the ó- prefix means the opposite of the Old Norse pejorative word níðingr, was a word used to describe a man as being virtuous. Óníðingr is used as a descriptive word in some runic inscriptions and is translated in the Rundata database as "unvillainous." It is used as a descriptive term on inscriptions Ög 77 in Hovgården, Sö 189 in Åkerby, Sm 5 in Transjö, Sm 37 in Rörbro, Sm 147 in Vasta Ed, and DR 68 in Århus, and appears as a name or part of a name on inscriptions Ög 217 in Oppeby and Sm 131 in Hjortholmen.
Inscription
Transliteration of the runes into Latin characters
[abiori : lit * risa : stin ** eftir : toki * uniþint]
Transcription into Old Norse
Abiorn let ræisa stæin æftiʀ Toka Oniðing.
Translation in English
Ábjôrn had the stone raised in memory of Tóki Óníðingr.
Sm 3
Småland Runic Inscription 3 or Sm 3 is the Rundata designation for a Medieval period runestone which has rune-like symbols on an arching serpent. Although the symbols are similar to Norse runes, they are without linguistic meaning. It is considered possible that the inscription was carved by an illiterate person who was attempting to copy some other runestone.
References
Runestones in Småland
Damsel is a 2018 American Western black comedy film written and directed by David Zellner and Nathan Zellner. It stars Robert Pattinson and Mia Wasikowska. The film premiered at the 2018 Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2018 and was released on June 22, 2018, by Magnolia Pictures and Great Point Media.
Plot
Samuel Alabaster, an affluent pioneer, intends to propose to and marry the love of his life, Penelope. In town he hires Parson Henry, a drunkard, to officiate it. Together, the two venture across the American frontier with a miniature horse named Butterscotch, a wedding present for Penelope.
During the journey, Samuel and Henry run into Rufus Cornell, who attempts to shoot and kill Samuel before running off. Samuel chases after Rufus, only for the latter to fall off a cliff to his apparent death. Samuel confesses to Henry that Penelope had been kidnapped by Rufus and Rufus' brother Anton, and that he seeks to rescue her. Henry agrees to help him for more money.
Reaching the Cornell home, Samuel attempts to sneak around the property as Henry watches from afar. Anton exits the house, and Henry panics. He fatally shoots Anton in the head. Samuel rushes up to the corpse and shoots it some more.
Penelope exits the house and holds Samuel at gunpoint. Samuel attempts to propose to her but she rejects him and declares that she hates him and loved Anton. In grief, Samuel commits suicide. Penelope takes Henry as her prisoner before blowing up the house.
Venturing back toward the town, Penelope and Henry run into Rufus, who survived his fall and was able to track Henry and Penelope. Rufus attempts to take Penelope as his wife, but she rejects him. He then decides to murder her and Henry but is shot and killed with an arrow by Zachariah Running Bear. That night, Henry discusses his desire to learn of the Native culture and asks to join Zachariah on his journey. The next day, Henry and Penelope awaken to discover that Zachariah has left.
Penelope frees Henry, who hugs her and apologizes for what has happened. However, before Penelope leaves with Butterscotch, Henry spontaneously proposes to her. She throws a large stone in his face and rides off.
Cast
Robert Pattinson as Samuel Alabaster
Mia Wasikowska as Penelope
David Zellner as Parson Henry
Robert Forster as Old Preacher
Gabe Casdorph as Anton Cornell
Nathan Zellner as Rufus Cornell
Joseph Billingiere as Zacharia Running Bear
Russell Mael as Prairie Crooner
Production
David and Nathan Zellner assembled the three principal cast members along with 27 crewmembers and 70 extras. Filming was set to last 32 days. Most of the film was shot in Utah, which provided tax incentives for the production. In an interview, Pattinson described the film as, "a kind of slapstick comedy."
Filming
Principal photography began on July 11, 2016 at Wasatch Range in Summit County, Utah. Filming moved to Oregon in late August 2016. Scenes were filmed with Pattinson and Wasikowska on the Oregon Coast on August 25, 2016, after which filming was wrapped.
Music
In February 2017, David Zellner confirmed via an Instagram post that The Octopus Project would compose the score for the film. In March 2017, Pattinson himself confirmed that he is also contributing to the music of the film.
In February 2018, it was announced that Russell Mael of the band Sparks was cast in a singing role.
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, and an average rating of . The website's critical consensus reads, "The beautifully filmed Damsel injects the western genre with a welcome dose of humor and some unexpected twists, although its stately pace may frustrate impatient viewers." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 63 out of 100, based on 33 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
References
External links
2018 comedy films
2018 black comedy films
2010s Western (genre) comedy films
2010s feminist films
American black comedy films
American Western (genre) comedy films
Films shot in Utah
Films shot in Oregon
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Ronald Vannucci Jr. (born February 15, 1976) is an American musician, best known for being the drummer for the rock band the Killers. Vannucci is also involved in a side project called Big Talk, and became the drummer of the Rentals in 2018.
Early life
Ronald Vannucci Jr. was born in Las Vegas to an American couple with Italian, French, and German ancestry. Vannucci began drumming at the age of six. He was a part of his junior high school's jazz ensemble and later attended both Clark and Western High Schools. Vannucci played in various local bands. His first band was Purple Dirt.
Vannucci drummed for several local bands, including ska-punk group Attaboy Skip, who enjoyed regional success in the mid-1990s and featured Branden Campbell (of Neon Trees); Free Food, a cover band who played at prisons and homeless shelters in the Las Vegas area; and Expert On October, a band that also included Ted Sablay and Taylor Milne (of Big Talk).
Career
The Killers (2002–present)
Vannucci studied classical percussion at UNLV, while also working as a photographer at Chapel of the Flowers, a wedding chapel on Las Vegas Boulevard. He was performing with a local group, Romance Fantasy, when he met Brandon Flowers and Dave Keuning, who had recently begun performing as the Killers. He joined the Killers in August 2002. The band would practice at Vannucci's garage, and he would also sneak the band into the Alta Ham Fine Arts Building at UNLV at night to practice. He later completed his bachelor's degree at UNLV on May 14, 2011, while the Killers were on hiatus. The Killers have released six consecutive No. 1 albums in the United Kingdom, sold over 22 million records worldwide, and have been nominated for seven Grammy Awards and seven BRIT Awards.
Big Talk (2011–present)
Vannucci recorded a side project album during 2010–2011 and titled it Big Talk, aiming with tongue-in-cheek at the abundance of music being put out by labels before it is being fully prepared. NME named the eponymous album #24 on its Best Albums of 2011 list. Big Talk was mixed by Alan Moulder and recorded at Battle Born Studios with Joe Chiccarelli as producer. Matt Sharp (of Weezer and the Rentals) and long time friend Taylor Milne were enlisted to help record the album. Little Oil / Epitaph Records released the album on July 12, 2011. Big Talk was preceded by a single, "Getaways", on May 10, 2011. Vannucci was listed at #49 on NME's Cool List of 2011.
In 2015, Big Talk released their sophomore album, Straight In No Kissin'.
Other projects
Vannucci has also contributed to Mt. Desolation, a side project of Keane members Tim Rice-Oxley and Jessie Quin, on acoustic guitar and percussion, and has also contributed to fellow Killers member, Brandon Flowers.
Playing style
Vannucci mainly plays with his kit set up using a jazz technique with a high stool and hitched-up snare stand. He attributes this to his 6 ft 1 frame, a former teacher who whipped him, and the examples of great drummers including Mitch Mitchell and many jazz performers.
Vannucci is known for crashing his hi-hats, skillful sixteenth notes, and a fluid playing style. Drummer Magazine labels them a "few distinctive hallmarks [that] help characterize Ronnie's style".
Vannucci and his bandmate, bass guitarist Mark Stoermer, have what they consider a rewarding relationship musically. Of Stoermer, Vannucci has said, "He almost intuitively knows what I am going to play and his parts are so rhythmic it's a joy to dance around him I really enjoy thinking up parts with him. . . it works very well for us."
Vannucci was featured on the cover of Rhythm Magazine in October 2006, (where he was dubbed "pop's dynamic showman") and again in November 2008 and October 2012. He was also featured on Drummer Magazine in June 2009 and Modern Drummer Magazine in 2013. He was featured in Modern Drummer Magazine in March 2009 and in Drumhead Magazine, September 2008 and again in October 2008.
Influences
Vannucci cites influences such as jazz legend Papa Jo Jones, Mitch Mitchell of the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Keith Moon of the Who, and John Bonham of Led Zeppelin. He also lists as influences the Cure, U2, Depeche Mode and more modern drummers including Charley Drayton, Steve Jordan, and Ahmir Thompson.
Equipment
Vannucci currently uses Craviotto drums, DW pedals and hardware, Remo heads and Istanbul Agop cymbals. Vannuci previously endorsed and used Zildjian cymbals.
His current set-up is as follows:
Cymbals
15" 30th Anniversary Hi-Hats
22" Traditional Medium Crash
22" Traditional Dark Crash
24" Joey Waronker Ride (or a 24" 30th Anniversary Ride)
22" Traditional Swish Cymbal (with rivets)
Drums
9x13 Rack Tom
16x16 Floor Tom
16x18 Floor Tom
7x14 Snare
15x24 Bass Drum
Personal life
Vannucci married Lisa Ann Yoakum on May 2, 2003. They had one pet dog, a boxer named Archie. Archie gained notoriety during the recording of Big Talk due to Vannucci's frequently tweeted pictures of him in the studio. He also enjoys ranching in his free time. Vannucci and Yoakum divorced in 2016.
Vannucci married Olivia Peloubet on October 7, 2017.
Discography
Big Talk albums
Big Talk (2011)
Straight In No Kissin' (2015)
Other appearances
"Departure" – Mt. Desolation (2010)
"Midnight Ghost" – Mt. Desolation (2010)
"Playing with Fire" – Brandon Flowers (2010)
"Untangled Love" – Brandon Flowers (2015)
Awards and accolades
University of Nevada Las Vegas College of Fine Arts Alumnus of the Year and Hall of Fame Inductee (2014)
Modern Drummers Reader Poll (2007) – Winner
Modern Drummers Reader Poll (2006) – Winner
References
External links
The Killers official site, from Island Records
1976 births
American rock drummers
Living people
Musicians from Nevada
People from the Las Vegas Valley
The Killers members
The Rentals members
American people of German descent
American people of French descent
American people of Italian descent
American male drummers
20th-century American drummers
21st-century American drummers
Mt. Desolation members
Big Talk members
Western High School (Nevada) alumni
Julius Kovazh (6 July 1930 – 2 December 2012) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1957.
References
External links
1930 births
2012 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Maesawa Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 4.8 km2. The dam impounds about 19 ha of land when full and can store 2025 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1971 and completed in 1980.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Willie Joyce (born 1950) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Galway senior team.
Joyce joined the team for a pre-season game in 1969 and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement at the end of the 1984 championship. During that time he won six Connacht medals, one National League medal and one All-Star award. He is almost unique in having lost four All-Ireland finals during his career.
Joyce enjoyed a lengthy club career with Killererin, winning Connacht medals and two county championship medals.
References
1950 births
Living people
Gaelic football managers
]
Connacht inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Galway inter-county Gaelic footballers
Killererin Gaelic footballers
Jan Hugo Isidoor Coene (born in 1957), is a Belgian businessman who fell in disgrace because of the Picanol Scandal.
As a young trainee, he joined Brown, Boveri & Cie (BBC) Workshops in Brussels. In 1988, BBC merged with ASEA, to become ABB Asea Brown Boveri. In 2001 he left ABB and became the CEO & Chairman of Picanol, a world-wide leader in textile machinery and related services.
In 2003, he became Chairman of Belgacom, the Belgian national telephone company which he led to an IPO, working closely with its owner, the Belgian Government.
In 2004, the press revealed the level of his incomes from Picanol. These incomes were judged greatly excessive by the press, considering the usual Belgian remunerations for the functions of upper management. The lack of transparency was also pointed out, in particular by company's minority shareholders. Facing growing criticism, Jan Coene was forced to resign from both Picanol and Belgacom in October 2004. He accepted to reimburse ten million euros to Picanol (which because of the height of the sums reserved for Jan Coene had become financially unhealthy) but kept 12 million.
The affair became a political issue in Belgium and a bill was introduced in Parliament (the "Picanol law") to force big companies to publish the remuneration of their upper management personnel.
In the meanwhile, the affair also shed another bad light on the Network of Vlerick-Boys, a circle of businessmen with low moral standards who all studied at the Vlerick Management School. Members of the circle include Jan Coene, Ronald Everaert, Luc Debruyckere and Louis Verbeke, who were all implied in scandals of greed, mismanagement and fraud (Lernout & Hauspie, , Picanol). The circle entertains business connections and helps its members to get in the direction committees of Belgian industry. As one of the only remaining "clean managers" Jan Coene was named president of the alumni of the Vlerick Management School. But he also had to quit presidency after the 2004 Picanol scandal.
Other of Jan Coene's professional activities include: Director and Board Member of various companies: Domo, Committee Koning Boudewijnstichting, Flanders, Federation of Flemish Enterprises, co-founder of BBE (Belgian Business for Europe), member of the World Economic Forum (since 2002), Chairman of Siveco Group SA, a company providing CMMS products worldwide.
Jan Coene is married with 2 children.
Links and references
Belgian businesspeople
Living people
1957 births
Vlerick Business School alumni
Yaylacık is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. In 2010 it had a population of 27.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
This list of scholars of ethnology contains people who contributed in some form to the discipline of ethnology, the branch of anthropology that compares and analyzes the characteristics of different peoples and the relationship between them.
See also
Bibliography of anthropology#Sociocultural anthropology
Ethnology
Anthropology literature
The Power and the Prize are a 1956 drama film directed by Henry Koster, written by Robert Ardrey, starring Robert Taylor and Burl Ives. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1957 for costume design.
Plot
Although he is scheduled to wed his boss George Salt's niece that weekend, Amalgamated World Metals vice chairman Cliff Barton is sent to London to conduct a business deal that will enrich the firm. Salt considers him a protege and intends to turn over control of the company to Barton someday, insisting to him that business always comes first.
Cliff must hide the fact from Mr. Carew, who runs the British company, that Salt intends to unscrupulously assume control of the company rather than simply merge with it. While following through on Mrs. Salt's request to drop by her pet London-based charity, Cliff learns that it is operated by an Austrian refugee, and former concentration camp prisoner, named Miriam Linka.
Although his loyalties are with the company, Cliff wants no part of betraying Carew's trust. He also, against all odds, falls in love with Miriam and persuades her to return to America with him to be married. Salt angrily tries to spin the guilt so that it appears Cliff was the one defrauding the British, while accusations fly that Miriam is not only a prostitute but a Communist as well. Cliff is prepared to resign his position rather than give up Miriam, but board member Guy Elliot has investigated Miriam and clears the rumors about her with an Army Intelligence report. Elliot then presses Salt to retire, making Barton chairman as was always planned. Barton is made chairman and leaves on a honeymoon with Miriam.
Cast
Robert Taylor as Cliff Barton
Burl Ives as George Salt
Mary Astor as Mrs. Salt
Cedric Hardwicke as Carew
Charles Coburn as Guy Elliot
Elisabeth Muller as Miriam
Reception
According to MGM records the film earned only $570,000 in the US and Canada and $500,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $883,000.
See also
List of American films of 1956
References
External links
1956 films
CinemaScope films
Films directed by Henry Koster
Films with screenplays by Robert Ardrey
1956 drama films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films scored by Bronisław Kaper
1957 drama films
1957 films
American black-and-white films
Films set in London
1950s English-language films
Carel van Savoyen or Carel van Savoy (1620/21–1665) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman and printmaker who was active in Antwerp and Amsterdam. He is mainly known for his history paintings and portraits but he also painted allegories and genre scenes.
Life
The artist was born in Antwerp. He was the older brother of Philips van Savoy (or 'Philips van Savoyen') who was also a painter and later was active in Amsterdam.
He was registered in the Antwerp Guild of Saint Luke as a pupil of the history and portrait painter Jan Cossiers in 1634-35. He left for Italy where he stayed in Rome in the period from 1643 to 1645.
The artist was recorded in Amsterdam on 20 April 1649 when he marries Catharina Wandelman, the daughter of a wealthy Catholic merchant in Amsterdam. He stated at the time that he was 28 years of age. He became citizen (poorter) of Amsterdam on 1 September 1649.
He is known to have worked on two large paintings, both dated 1659, for churches in the Northern Netherlands. That Carel van Savoyen received the commission for these two altarpieces may have had something to do with the connections of his wife's wealthy Catholic family, which made him the brother-in-law of an Amsterdam priest. The prestige of Flemish art with the Amsterdam elite of the day may also have played a role.
One of his paintings representing Venus and Adonis was reportedly the subject of a poem by the Dutch poet Jan Vos. His work was also lavishly praised in Cornelis de Bie's 1662 book of artist biographies entitled Het Gulden Cabinet. This shows that his work was held in high esteem by other artists of his time. Subsequently it fell, however, into oblivion.
He remained active in Amsterdam until his death in 1665.
Work
Carel van Savoyen's small extant oeuvre comprises only a dozen portraits and history pieces. He was known for his paintings of religious and mythological subjects as well as for his portraits. In the text underneath the selfportrait of Carel van Savoyen, which was included in Cornelis de Bie's Het Gulden Cabinet, the artist is described as being skilled at painting small figures, mainly of nude women.
Carel van Savoyen also painted genre scenes such as the composition An elegant couple courting in a formal garden (signed, formerly at Galerie Jan de Maere). This painting depicts an elegantly dressed man offering a flower to a lady sitting at a table in a garden with classical statues. An Interior with a Music Party (oil on canvas, Hunterian Museum and Art Gallery, Glasgow), currently attributed by the museum to 'circle of Gillis van Tilborch' is likely also by the hand of Carel van Savoyen. In this painting the lady holding a music score and the man standing behind the harpsichord appear to be the same as the two figures depicted in the signed An elegant couple courting in a formal garden.
A near-contemporary Amsterdam inventory also lists an allegory by his hand. An example of an allegorical painting by van Savoyen is the composition entitled An allegory of abundance (Signed and dated 1651, at Jean Moust).
During his period of activity in Antwerp van Savoyen followed the style of his master Jan Cossiers and of the important portrait painter Gonzales Coques. In Amsterdam his work became influenced by local artists such as Rembrandt and Gerard de Lairesse. His portrait drawing of Frans Koerten was engraved by Theodor Matham.
A painting by Carel van Savoyen of Jan de Doot holding a kidney stone in the shape of an egg hangs in the Portrait Collection of the Laboratory of Pathology, which is part of the University of Leiden in the Netherlands. The story behind the painting is that Jan de Doot, a Dutch blacksmith, reported to have performed a successful kidney stone removal on himself in 1651.
Carel van Savoyen works can be found in the Hessisches Landesmuseum in Darmstadt, the Musée des Beaux-Arts in Bordeaux, the Greek orthodox chapel in Leipzig and in the old Catholic church of Zaandam.
References
External links
1619 births
1665 deaths
Flemish Baroque painters
Flemish history painters
Flemish genre painters
Flemish portrait painters
Painters from Antwerp
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Limosinella is a genus of flies belonging to the family Lesser Dung flies.
Species
L. munda (Collin, 1912)
References
Sphaeroceridae
Diptera of Africa
Brachycera genera
Claudio Pistolesi (born 25 August 1967) is a former professional Italian tennis player.
Pistolesi's highest ATP singles ranking is World No. 71, which he reached in August 1987. His career high in doubles was at World No. 213 in November 1986.
In December 2010, he became the coach of Robin Söderling. He has helped Söderling to win a title in the beginning of 2011, Brisbane, Australia. In 2012, he coached Daniela Hantuchová.
He has also been a member of the ATP Player Council as a coach since 2010, having been re-elected in 2012 and 2016.
Career finals
Singles (1 win)
References
External links
Pistolesi Tennis Academy An Academy he's running.
1967 births
Living people
Italian male tennis players
Tennis players from Rome
Italian tennis coaches
The 1994–95 New York Rangers season was the 69th season for the franchise. The season was shortened to 48 games due to the 1994–95 NHL lockout.
For the third time in as many years, the Rangers started the season with a different head coach. Mike Keenan, who had led the team to the Stanley Cup one year earlier, left to become head coach and general manager of the St. Louis Blues under controversial circumstances. Colin Campbell was hired to replace him and the Blues sent Petr Nedved to the Rangers as compensation for Keenan, with Doug Lidster and Esa Tikkanen sent to St. Louis with their former coach.
The Rangers barely qualified for the playoffs in the shortened season, finishing one point ahead of the Florida Panthers for the last spot in the Eastern Conference. The team advanced to the second round of the playoffs, where they fell in a sweep to the Philadelphia Flyers.
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 1 || 20 || Buffalo Sabres || 2 - 1 || 0-1-0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2 || 21 || Montreal Canadiens || 5 - 2 || 1-1-0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 3 || 23 || Boston Bruins || 2 - 1 || 1-2-0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 4 || 25 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3 - 2 || 1-3-0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 5 || 28 || @ Quebec Nordiques || 2 - 0 || 1-4-0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 6 || 30 || Ottawa Senators || 6 - 2 || 2-4-0
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 7 || 1 || @ Pittsburgh Penguins || 4 - 3 || 2-5-0
|- align="center" bgcolor="white"
| 8 || 2 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 3 - 3 OT || 2-5-1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 9 || 4 || @ Ottawa Senators || 2 - 1 || 3-5-1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 10 || 8 || Washington Capitals || 5 - 4 || 4-5-1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 11 || 9 || @ New Jersey Devils || 4 - 1 || 4-6-1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 12 || 11 || @ Tampa Bay Lightning || 3 - 2 || 5-6-1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 13 || 15 || @ Buffalo Sabres || 2 - 1 || 6-6-1
|- align="center" bgcolor="white"
| 14 || 16 || Montreal Canadiens || 2 - 2 OT || 6-6-2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 15 || 18 || @ Montreal Canadiens || 5 - 2 || 6-7-2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 16 || 20 || @ Tampa Bay Lightning || 3 - 1 || 7-7-2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 17 || 21 || @ Florida Panthers || 5 - 3 || 8-7-2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 18 || 24 || Hartford Whalers || 2 - 1 || 8-8-2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 19 || 26 || @ Buffalo Sabres || 4 - 2 || 9-8-2
|- align="center" bgcolor="white"
| 20 || 28 || Florida Panthers || 0 - 0 OT || 9-8-3
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 21 || 1 || @ Hartford Whalers || 5 - 2 || 10-8-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 22 || 3 || Philadelphia Flyers || 5 - 3 || 11-8-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 23 || 5 || @ Washington Capitals || 4 - 2 || 11-9-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 24 || 6 || Ottawa Senators || 4 - 3 || 12-9-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 25 || 8 || New Jersey Devils || 6 - 4 || 13-9-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 26 || 11 || @ Montreal Canadiens || 3 - 1 || 13-10-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 27 || 15 || Philadelphia Flyers || 4 - 3 || 13-11-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 28 || 18 || @ Washington Capitals || 4 - 1 || 13-12-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 29 || 22 || New Jersey Devils || 5 - 2 || 13-13-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 30 || 23 || @ New York Islanders || 1 - 0 || 13-14-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 31 || 25 || @ Quebec Nordiques || 2 - 1 || 13-15-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 32 || 30 || Quebec Nordiques || 5 - 4 || 13-16-3
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 33 || 1 || @ Boston Bruins || 3 - 2 || 14-16-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 34 || 2 || @ Philadelphia Flyers || 4 - 2 || 14-17-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 35 || 5 || @ Florida Panthers || 5 - 0 || 15-17-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 36 || 7 || New York Islanders || 4 - 3 || 15-18-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 37 || 9 || @ New Jersey Devils || 2 - 0 || 15-19-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 38 || 12 || Buffalo Sabres || 3 - 1 || 16-19-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 39 || 14 || Boston Bruins || 5 - 3 || 17-19-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 40 || 16 || @ New York Islanders || 3 - 2 || 18-19-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 41 || 18 || @ Pittsburgh Penguins || 6 - 5 || 18-20-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 42 || 20 || Hartford Whalers || 3 - 2 || 19-20-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 43 || 23 || @ Boston Bruins || 5 - 4 || 19-21-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 44 || 24 || Washington Capitals || 5 - 4 || 20-21-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 45 || 26 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 6 - 4 || 21-21-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 46 || 28 || New York Islanders || 4 - 2 || 21-22-3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 47 || 30 || @ Philadelphia Flyers || 2 - 0 || 22-22-3
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 48 || 2 || Florida Panthers || 4 - 3 || 22-23-3
|-
Playoffs
The Rangers faced the first-place Quebec Nordiques in the first round of the playoffs. They narrowly lost Game 1, 5–4, as the Nordiques were powered by Joe Sakic's hat-trick. New York came back in game 2, winning 8–3. Sergei Nemchinov and Petr Nedved each scored twice. After edging the Nordiques 4–3 in Game 3, the Rangers found themselves trailing 2–0 in Game 4. They would tie it up on goals by Brian Leetch and Alexei Kovalev. Steve Larmer scored the winner at 8:09 of the first overtime period. Facing elimination, the Nordiques played a determined Game 5 at home and won 4–2 to cut New York's lead in the series to 3–2. The Rangers, at home for Game 6, built up a 4–0 lead and ended up winning 4–2, to eliminate the Nordiques four games to two. The Nordiques moved to Colorado almost immediately, as the announcement came on May 25, 1995.
In the second round, the Rangers faced a determined Philadelphia Flyers team that was led by the "Legion of Doom" line. In Game 1, the Rangers jumped out to a 2–0 lead after the first period on power-play goals by Brian Leetch and Petr Nedved. With the help of John LeClair's hat trick, the Flyers took a 4–3 lead in the third period. With only 19 seconds remaining, Pat Verbeek tied the game at 4–4. However, it was the Flyers who would ultimately win the game, as Eric Desjardins scored at 7:03 of the first overtime period. Game 2 started nearly identically to Game 1, as New York led 2–0 after the first period on power-play goals. Both were scored by Brian Leetch. Philadelphia re-gained control of the game as they had in Game 1, leading 3–2 midway through the third period. With under eight minutes to go, Leetch completed his hat trick to tie the score at 3–3. This game also went into overtime, and the Flyers needed only 25 seconds to win it, as defenseman Kevin Haller scored his 3rd of the playoffs to give Philadelphia a 2–0 lead in the series. The Flyers went on to dominate Games 3 and 4 at Madison Square Garden in New York, winning 5–2 and 4–1 to complete the sweep.
Key: Win Loss
Player statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Transactions
July 24, 1994 – Doug Lidster was traded by the New York Rangers, along with Esa Tikkanen, to the St. Louis Blues in exchange for Petr Nedved.
March 23, 1995 – Hartford obtained D Glen Featherstone, D Michael Stewart and a first-round pick in the 1995 Entry Draft (Jean-Sebastien Giguere) and a fourth-round pick in the 1996 Entry Draft in exchange for RW Pat Verbeek.
Draft picks
New York's picks at the 1994 NHL Entry Draft in Hartford, Connecticut, at the Hartford Civic Center.
References
Rangers on Hockey Database
New York Rangers seasons
New York Rangers
New York Rangers
New York Rangers
New York Rangers
1990s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Albert "Alby" Talipeau (born 15 August 1981) is a rugby league footballer who plays as a or for the Eastern Suburbs Tigers in the Queensland Cup competition.
Playing career
Talipeau has previously played for Cronulla De La Salle; in the National Rugby League for the Sydney Roosters; in the Queensland Cup for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls; and in the Super League for the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
Talipeau was awarded Man of the Match in the 2008 Queensland Cup Grand Final, when playing for the Souths Logan Magpies.
Representative career
Talipeau is a Samoan international and played at the 2000 Rugby League World Cup.
He played in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, and has been named in the squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup.
On 2 May 2015 he played for Niue in a match against South Africa.
References
External links
The Teams: Samoa
Souths Logans Magpies profile
1981 births
Australian people of Samoan descent
Eastern Suburbs Tigers players
Living people
Niue national rugby league team players
Rugby articles needing expert attention
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league hookers
Samoa national rugby league team players
Samoan rugby league players
Souths Logan Magpies players
Sydney Roosters players
Wakefield Trinity players
Wynnum Manly Seagulls players
"Listen to the Music" is a song recorded by the Doobie Brothers on their second album Toulouse Street. The song was the Doobie Brothers' first big hit in 1972. It was written by Tom Johnston.
Song
Writer Tom Johnston described the motivation for the song as a call for world peace:
"The chord structure of it made me think of something positive, so the lyrics that came out of that were based on this utopian idea that if the leaders of the world got together on some grassy hill somewhere and either smoked enough dope or just sat down and just listened to the music and forgot about all this other bullshit, the world would be a much better place. It was very utopian and very unrealistic (laughs). It seemed like a good idea at the time."
The studio recording used both a banjo and a prominent flanging effect, audible from the bridge until the fadeout. When released as a single by Warner Bros. Records, the song peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 in November 1972.
The commercial success of "Listen to the Music" helped the album Toulouse Street rise on the charts. The song remains a staple of adult contemporary and classic rock radio. The band also uses it as an encore song during live shows. Patrick Simmons, the second guitarist and vocalist in the group, sings the bridge of the song.
Ultimate Classic Rock critic Michael Gallucci rated "Listen to the Music" as the Doobie Brothers 4th greatest song, praising the smooth, "soft, shuffling rhythm" and Johnston's vocal performance. The staff of billboards rated it even higher, considering it the Doobie Brothers' best song, saying that it "ranks high in the pantheon of rock n' roll feel-good hits" and should "get your foot tapping and bring a bit of a smile to your face."
In June 2020, four members of the band released an acoustic version of the song on YouTube, with each performing from their home during the COVID-19 pandemic; the recording included a more prominent banjo part, but no lead electric guitar or drums. At the end of the recording, lead singer Tom Johnston noted that it was a benefit performance, of sorts, for Feeding America and gave the organization's URL, encouraging fans to donate.
Personnel
The Doobie Brothers:
Tom Johnston – guitars, lead vocals, backing vocals
Patrick Simmons – guitars, banjo, lead vocals (Bridge), backing vocals
Tiran Porter – bass, backing vocals
John (Little John) Hartman – drums, tambourine
Michael Hossack – drums, steel drums
Additional personnel:
Ted Templeman – percussion
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Remix
The song received a remix by Steve Rodway a.k.a. Motiv8 in 1994, which eventually peaked at #37 UK.
Cover versions
"Listen to the Music" was covered by Sonny & Cher on their 1973 LP Mama Was a Rock and Roll Singer, Papa Used to Write All Her Songs, and by The Isley Brothers on their 1973 LP 3 + 3.
References
External links
1972 songs
1972 singles
The Doobie Brothers songs
The Isley Brothers songs
Songs written by Tom Johnston (musician)
Song recordings produced by Ted Templeman
Songs about music
Warner Records singles
For a Reason is the sole studio album by English duo Lifetones, consisting of This Heat's Charles Bullen and his then-neighbour Julius Cornelius Samuel. It was released in 1983 under the Tone of Life imprint, and was later reissued in 2016 by Light in the Attic Records. The album - recorded in Cold Storage - combines post-punk and dub with a range of different stylistic influences from world music. Intended as a reaction against “the culture of death that was around” at the time, the album is also far more positive in comparison to Bullen's work with This Heat; its "koanic" and "ephemeral" lyrics subverting common linguistic cliches and tropes through repetition.
Mostly ignored in 1983, the album would go on to become an expensive & "sought-after" collector's item in the decades following its release. It received far more attention upon being reissued, with most of it being very positive in nature. The album has additionally garnered praised from musicians such as David Grubbs and Daniel O'Sullivan.
Background
After This Heat disbanded in 1982, Bullen recruited Samuel (whom he'd met whilst buying a clarinet in a junk shop) from his own neighbourhood to record the 6 songs that would appear on the album at Cold Storage (the studio where his former bands This Heat had recorded most of their material). The album was heavily influenced by the reggae and world music that was locally popular in Brixton at the time.
Many listeners would later speculate that Bullen and Samuel were the same person, an idea that was refuted in the liner notes to the album's 2016 reissue. In fact, Samuel would later go on to record and release music of his own under the moniker "Dub Judah".
Content
Pitchfork described the album as "a strange amalgam of post-punk's desolation set to dub reggae's sunny lilt". The album also features influences from what would go on to be called "world music", like the track "Traveling" which "places a wild, Middle Eastern-tinged clarinet over a Greek bouzouki strummed with raga-like intensity, laying the path for globetrotting psychedelic punks like Sun City Girls." A Popmatters review similarly noted that the track "Decide" "carries a distinctly Jamaican aroma but there's as much Bali and Krautrock on the rest of the record as there is Rasta rock." The closing track "Patience" earned comparisons to "Open Up The Gate" by The Congos for its "warm, melodic" intro "section that's dropped quickly." The track "Good Side" has been described as being more rock-influenced, whilst reggae influences are more prominent on the title track.
With Thatcherite politics and Reaganomics gaining momentum, the album - according to its liner notes - was intended as a reaction against “the culture of death that was around” at the time. As a result - in contrast to Bullen's darker and more paranoid work with This Heat - For a Reason has been described as being more "blissed-out", escapist, and "ephemeral"; its "koanic" lyrics "mainly consisting of "do unto others"-type fare." Similar to This Heat's "Cenotaph" (off of their final album), the lyrics also consist of "[s]elf-help altruisms, textbook histories, [and] familiar parlance, repeated ad infinitum until the very fibre of each cliche becomes porous and their meanings subverted."
Reception
Initial
Released with little promotion from Bullen in 1983, For a Reason "sank without a trace." Bullen would subsequently disband Lifetones owing to a "complete lack of [public] interest." It would, however, go on to become a "sought-after collector's item that change[d] hands for hundreds of dollars a time" and "a holy grail for fans of weird, inventive and life-affirming music, a remarkable feat for an obscure one-off project."
Retrospective
The album has received far more attention upon being reissued by Light in the Attic Records in 2016, most of which has been positive. Pitchfork wrote: "while it's not nearly as vital or serrated as This Heat's output, there's something enchanting about For a Reason." AllMusic wrote that it "remains a unique, thrilling album". McDermott similarly wrote that even after 3 decades, "For A Reason retains its transportive [sic] magic." Dusted wrote that the album "feels modest and yet complete in its representation of one man's idiosyncratic embrace of the world he'd been given to live in."
Conversely, a mixed review came from Jedd Beaudoin of Spectrum Culture who found the album to be inconsistent, citing the tracks "Distance No Object" and "Patience" as being dated and monotonous respectively. However, he ends by conceding that the album "might [offer] a surprise or two for This Heat fans who thought they knew the whole story."
Legacy
David Grubbs praised the title track as being "an earworm par excellence", and "thank"ed Bullen for it in an interview. Daniel O'Sullivan picked the album for Fact Magazine's "Forgotten Classics" series.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Charles Bullen, except tracks 4-6 co-written with Julius Cornelius Samuel
"For a Reason" - 6:37
"Good Side" - 3:55
"Decide" - 5:24
"Travelling" - 5:08
"Distance No Object" - 6:39
"Patience" - 5:19
Personnel
Adapted from Allmusic:
Charles Bullen - vocals, guitar, bass, keyboards, percussion, clarinet, recording engineer
Julius Cornelius Samuel - drums, percussion, keyboards
Additional credits
Islaine Jamois - recording engineer
Tony Cousins - editing
Martyn Lambert - artwork
Vaughan Fleming - photography
2016 reissue credits
Lydia Hyslop - project assistant, proof-reading
Patrick McCarthy - project manager, producer
No Sleep Nigel - remastering
Daniel O'Sullivan - liner notes
Henry H. Owings - design
Matt Sullivan - executive producer, producer
Josh Wright - executive producer
References
External links
Official Bandcamp page (with free, full-album stream)
1983 albums
Post-punk albums by English artists
Dub albums
World music albums by English artists
Yenikışla, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Beehive Science and Technology Academy (BSTA), is a college preparatory charter school located in Sandy, Utah. Open to all students grades 6-12, Beehive's focus is math, science and technology. Beehive supports creative development through their art programs.
History
BSTA opened August 29, 2005 in Sugarhouse. In 2008 the school moved to its Murray campus, which was used until the beginning of the 2010-2011 school year. Beehive then moved to its current location in Sandy off of 9400 South and 700 E.
Organization
An eight-member school board governs BSTA. Board members are business leaders and active members of the community who bring experience in law, technology, finance, architecture and real estate.
The parents of BSTA students chaperone at dances, provide parties and fundraisers, communicate calendar items, volunteer, and other tasks. Parents and community members are encouraged to attend the school community council meetings to support and contribute to the better functioning of the school land trust program.
Learning environment
Beehive has a student–teacher ratio of 1:12. Students are placed in classes based on their math skills. Their skills in math and other core subjects are monitored throughout the year with research-based adaptive testing. Tutoring is offered by teachers weekly after school. Field trips provide additional learning and socializing skills. Each year local, expedition, and out-of-state college trips are offered to students. Each spring, students have the opportunity to go to Europe with faculty and parents.
Clubs meet weekly in the following areas: AMSP (Advanced Math & Science Program), FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST LEGO League, chess, National Honor/Junior Honor Society, structural engineering, anatomy and dissection club, Mathcounts, world cultures, glee club, jewelry club, yearbook, and more. Some of the clubs' achievements are: 3rd place FTC Robotics team 2010-2011, 23rd place FIRST Lego League 2010-2011, 3rd place at the FIRST Lego League FIRST Championship, Utah FIRST Lego League State Champions (twice), 18 individual awards/scholarships 2009-2010 Regional Science Fair, 2008-2009 Salt Lake Valley Champion Spelling Bee, and 3rd place in regional 2010-2011 Math Counts.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120401025552/http://www.beehiveacademy.org/v2/
http://www.greatschools.org/utah/salt-lake-city/1125-Beehive-Science--Technology-Academy-BSTA/
Educational institutions established in 2005
Charter schools in Utah
Public high schools in Utah
Middle schools in Utah
Schools in Salt Lake County, Utah
Buildings and structures in Sandy, Utah
2005 establishments in Utah
Halfdan Long-Leg (Old Norse: Hálfdan háleggur, Norwegian: Halvdan Hålegg) was a Viking-Age warrior who lived in the latter half of the 9th century. He was the son of King Harald Fairhair and a Sami woman named Snæfrithr Svásadottir.
Snorri Sturluson in Heimskringla states that Halfdan was one of Harald's many sons who were involved in a power struggle with one another. Harald Fairhair had pushed Halfdan and his brothers away after the death of their mother. Halfdan and his brother Gudrød Ljome were responsible for murdering Rognvald Eysteinsson and 60 of his men by burning them inside a structure in an attempt to claim his lands. Upon learning of this event, Harald flew into a rage and sent out a great force against Gudrød who was put under Harald's personal observance. Rognvald's son Torf-Einarr performed the Blood eagle ritual on Halfdan in retaliation after a battle. Harald made Rognvald's son Thorirm Earl of Møre and gave his daughter Alof to him in marriage.
See also
Orkneyinga saga
References
Other sources
Crawford, Barbara (1987) Scandinavian Scotland (Leicester University Press)
Muir, Tom (2005) Orkney in the Sagas: The Story of the Earldom of Orkney as told in the Icelandic Sagas (The Orcadian. Kirkwall)
Pálsson, Hermann and Edwards, Paul Geoffrey (1981) Orkneyinga Saga: The History of the Earls of Orkney (Penguin Classics)
Fairhair dynasty
Viking warriors
Scandinavian Scotland
Orkneyinga saga characters
9th-century Vikings
Bonne Gauguin (born Ingeborg Kathrine Winther-Hjelm Jelstrup, November 28, 1910 – July 12, 1989) was a Norwegian actress and dance instructor.
Gauguin trained as a dance teacher in Germany. In the 1930s she moved to Trondheim and made her debut at the Trøndelag Theater. In 1941 she married the visual artist Paul René Gauguin, who was a set designer at the Unge Trøndelag Theater from 1939 to 1945. In 1946 they moved to Oslo, where she got a job at the Studio Theater. The couple divorced before 1950. When the Studio Theater closed down, she started working at the National Traveling Theater, and she also worked at the People's Theater and to a lesser extent at the Norwegian Theater, NRK's Radio Theater and Television Theater, and in Norwegian films. Among her last theatrical appearances was as the teacher in Grease under the direction of Stein Winge in 1984.
Gauguin was the daughter of the architect Thomas Krenkel Jelstrup (1863–1917) and Emilie Constanse "Milly" (née Winter-Hjelm) (1876–1955).
Filmography
1952: Det kunne vært deg as Mrs. Westberg
1953: Skøytekongen
1958: Ut av mørket
1959: Jakten
1960: Ungen as Gurina Neger (NRK Television Theater)
1961: Bussen
1963: Om Tilla
1966: Reisen til havet as Johanne
1969: Brent jord as the grandmother
1970: Balladen om mestertyven Ole Høiland as Mrs. Konsmo
1970: Love Is War as the grandmother
1970: Operasjon V for vanvidd as Mrs. Philipson
1970: Selma Brøter (NRK Television Theater)
1971: Rødblått paradis
1973: Brannen as a woman
1973: Kanarifuglen
1974: Fleksnes Fataliteter: Biovita Helsesenter as a patient at a health clinic (TV series)
1977: Åpenbaringen (film) as the mother
1977: Helmer & Sigurdson: Solospill as Molly Smith (TV miniseries)
1988: Fleksnes Fataliteter: Her har jeg mitt liv as a patient at a health clinic (TV series)
References
External links
Bonne Gauguin at Filmfront
Bonne Gauguin at the National Theater
1910 births
1989 deaths
20th-century Norwegian actresses
Actresses from Oslo
Norwegian female dancers
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a defender for Giravanz Kitakyushu.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
Giravanz Kitakyushu players
J2 League players
J3 League players
The Republic of San Marino is a European country completely surrounded by Italy.
San Marino may also refer to:
Saint Marinus, the founder of the state of San Marino
City of San Marino, the capital city of the Republic of San Marino
San Marino (river), a river in the Italian peninsula
Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari, the circuit that hosts the San Marino Grand Prix
San Marino, California, a city in Los Angeles County, United States
San Marino Calcio, a football club in the Republic of San Marino that plays in the Italian Serie C2
San Marino, Croatia, a hamlet and a ferry port on the island of Rab
San Marino Brand, a Philippine canned seafood brand manufactured by CDO Foodsphere
See also
Marino (disambiguation)
Claude Langlois (c. 1700 – 1756) was a French maker of precision scientific instruments and the foremost among them in the period. His instruments included draughtsman's tools like an improved pantograph, measuring instruments, and six-foot quadrants for astronomical angle measurement. He was appointed official instrument maker for French astronomers Cassini II, Cassini de Thury, Le Monnier, Maupertuis, and the Abbé de Lacaille; and held the official position of ingénieur en instruments de mathématiques for the French Académie des Sciences in 1740.
Little is known of Langlois' life but he was considered the most famous maker of scientific instruments between 1730 and 1756 and many of his instruments are known from his name on them. This was a period when English instrument makers were leading with master instrument makers like Nicolas Bion and Michael Butterfield. Langlois' earliest known contract was for a six-foot wall quadrant for the Paris observatory with markings that indicate that he worked at the Niveau on the Quai de l'Horloge. He also produced instruments for use in labs (including those of Lavosier), by surveyors, navigators and astronomers. His improved pantograph design was sent to the Académie des Sciences for approval. His instruments were sent on geodesic expeditions to Peru and Lapland in 1733-35 which included measuring standards for the toise (the length standard then in use). In 1744 he was in charge of restoring a gnomon at the Church of St Sulpice, Paris. After his death, his nephew Jacques Canivet produced eighty copies of the Toise. His position at the Academy was taken by a pupil of his, Lennel.
References
External links
Description et usage du pantographe, autrement appelé singe , changé & perfectionné par C. Langlois, ingénieur du Roi & de l'Académie royale des sciences pour les instrumens de mathématiques (1744)
A set of instruments in the History of Science Museum
Scientific instrument makers
1756 deaths
History of science and technology
Year of birth uncertain
Schizodon is a genus of headstander from South America. Though found widely in tropical freshwater habitats in the continent, the greatest species richness is in the Paraná–Paraguay–Uruguay river basin. They reach up to in standard length. They are herbivorous, feeding on fruits, seeds, algae, macrophytes, leaves and roots.
Species
There are currently 16 described species in this genus.
Schizodon altoparanae Garavello & Britski, 1990
Schizodon australis Garavello, 1994
Schizodon borellii (Boulenger, 1900)
Schizodon corti L. P. Schultz, 1944
Schizodon dissimilis (Garman, 1890)
Schizodon fasciatus Spix & Agassiz, 1829
Schizodon intermedius Garavello & Britski, 1990
Schizodon isognathus Kner, 1858
Schizodon jacuiensis Bergmann, 1988
Schizodon knerii (Steindachner, 1875)
Schizodon nasutus Kner, 1858
Schizodon platae (Garman, 1890)
Schizodon rostratus (Borodin, 1931)
Schizodon scotorhabdotus Sidlauskas, Garavello & Jellen, 2007
Schizodon succinctus Burmeister, 1861
Schizodon vittatus (Valenciennes, 1850)
References
Anostomidae
Taxa_named_by_Louis_Agassiz
Fish of South America
The Wartburg is a castle overlooking the town of Eisenach, Germany.
Wartburg may also refer to:
Places
Wartburgkreis, a district in Germany
Wartburg, Illinois, a suburb of Saint Louis, Missouri, United States
Wartburg, Tennessee, a city in Morgan County, Tennessee, United States
Wartburg, Ontario, Canada
Wartburg, KwaZulu-Natal, a town in KwaZulu-Natal Province, South Africa
Organizations
Wartburg College, a Lutheran college in Waverly, Iowa, and Denver, Colorado
Wartburg Adult Care Community, in Mount Vernon, New York
Wartburg Theological Seminary, a Lutheran seminary in Dubuque, Iowa
Other uses
Wartburg (marque), former East German brand of automobiles, manufactured in Eisenach
This List of Germantown Academy people catalogs notable alumni of Germantown Academy, a private school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Sierra Schmidt (Attended from 2010-2015), competitive freestyle swimmer, competitor and record setter in the 800m freestyle event of the 2015 Pan American Games
Dan Lovitz (Class of 2010) , professional soccer player, currently plays for Nashville SC in Major League Soccer, 13 appearances for the United States national team in 2019.
Cameron Ayers (Class of 2010), professional basketball player who currently plays for the Reno Bighorns of the NBA Development League. 2014 graduate of (Bucknell University)
Maggie Lucas (Class of 2010), professional women's basketball player, currently plays for the (Indiana Fever), two-time Big 10 Player of the Year at (Penn State University)
Jen Hoy (Class of 2009), professional women's soccer player, currently plays for the (Chicago Red Stars), member of the U-23 Women's World Cup team (Princeton University)
Caroline Doty (Class of 2008), basketball player (University of Connecticut Huskies)
Andrew Barrer (Class of 2002), movie producer, screenwriter of Ant-Man and the Wasp
Fran Crippen (Class of 2002), US National Team Swimmer. 6 Time National Champion.
Matt Walsh (Class of 2002), NBA basketball player (New Jersey Nets); played for University of Florida Gators
Jarrod Spector (Class of 1999), Tony Award nominee for his performance in Beautiful: The Carole King Musical.
Maddy Crippen (Class of 1998), United States 2000 Summer Olympics swim team, 3 time National Champion
Bradley Cooper (Class of 1993), Oscar-nominated film and TV actor (Sex and the City, Alias, Wedding Crashers, Wet Hot American Summer, The Hangover', and Silver Linings Playbook)
Brian Klugman (Class of 1993), film and TV actor, scriptwriter (Psych, Tron: Legacy)
Alvin Williams (Class of 1993), NBA basketball player (Toronto Raptors) and sports commentator (Comcast SportsNet)
Michael F. Gerber (Class of 1990), Pennsylvania State Representative
Deirdre Quinn (Class of 1989), actress (Miss Congeniality, The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer (film), Heroes)
Katrina Radke (Class of 1989), Olympic Swimmer, 1988 Olympics, USA National Champion, American Record Holder, and US Team Captain.
David Wharton (Class of 1987), Olympic silver medalist (Seoul, 1988) in the 200 m swimming Individual Medley
Mike Richter (Class of 1985), New York Rangers goaltender
Randolph Cohen (Class of 1983), financial economist, associate professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management
Eric Lipton (Class of 1983), Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and author, currently with the New York TimesBrian L. Roberts (Class of 1977), CEO of Comcast
Timothy Stack (Class of 1974), actor, writer and producer (Parker Lewis Can't Lose, Son of the Beach, My Name is Earl)
Eric Minkin (Class of 1968), American-Israeli basketball player
Edward Piszek Trustee, co-founder of Mrs. Paul's Kitchens
Martin "Cruz" (William) Smith (Class of 1960), novelist (Gorky Park)
Frederick Crews, literary critic, University of California, Berkeley professor, and noted anti-Freudian scholar
Bill Tilden (Class of 1910), professional tennis player
Charles Darrow (Class of 1907), claimed inventor of Monopoly board game
George Washington Hill (Class of 1899, didn't graduate), President of American Tobacco Company 1925-1946
Charles Day (Class of 1895), consulting engineer and co-founder of Day & Zimmermann
Owen Josephus Roberts (Class of 1891), associate justice of the United States Supreme Court
Thomas Sovereign Gates (Class of 1889), University of Pennsylvania president
Howard Henry (Class of 1889), All-American halfback for the 1903 Princeton Tigers football team, U.S. Army captain
James DeWolf Perry (Class of 1887), 7th Bishop of Rhode Island, Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church (1930-1937)
Witmer Stone (Class of 1883), ornithologist, botanist, mammalogist
Frederick Winslow Taylor (did not graduate), efficiency expert; inventor of Scientific Management
Owen Wister (Class of 1878, but did not graduate), author of The Virginian'' and other classics of Western fiction
Alfred C. Harmer (Class of 1843), U.S. congressman and shoe manufacturer
Robert Montgomery Bird (Class of 1824), physician; playwright
Sidney George Fisher (Class of c. 1820), noted diarist, lawyer, orator, and gentleman
George Washington Parke Custis (attended 1790s), step-grandson and adopted son of President George Washington
Hilary Baker (attended 1760s), mayor of Philadelphia (1796-1798), son of Headmaster Hilarius Becker
References
Lists of American people by school affiliation
William Scoresby Bay is a coastal embayment at the western side of William Scoresby Archipelago, Antarctica. It is long and wide, with shores marked by steep rock headlands and snow-free hills rising to 210 m. The practical limits of the bay are extended northward, from the coast by island groups located along its east and west margin. Discovered in February 1936 by Discovery Investigations (DI) personnel on the RSS William Scoresby, for which the bay was named. The bay separates the Kemp Coast to the east from the Mawson Coast to the west. The Hobbs Islands sit 19 kilometres (10 nmi) northeast.
Sperring Point () is a rocky point about midway along the west side of the bay. Like the bay, it was discovered and named by DI personnel in February 1936.
References
Bays of Mac. Robertson Land
Indian Widow is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby, completed in late 1783 or early 1784 and first shown in his solo exhibition in London in 1785. The painting is since 1961 in the collection of Derby Museum and Art Gallery.
Description
Indian Widow was a title used by the painter, but a longer and more descriptive title also exists, The Widow of an Indian Chief Watching the Arms of Her Deceased Husband. According to Benedict Nicolson, in clothing the figure of the widow, Wright "has fallen back on those well-worn neo-classic draperies which served for any distressed female". Nicolson finds that other details, however, are more authentic: "the form of her head-band, the treatment of the feathers, the quilled cords and knife-sheath, and the buffalo-robe painted on the skin side show knowledge of Indian technology from at least as far west as the upper Great Lakes: this proves that Wright used authentic props". The concept of the Noble Savage, applied to Native Americans, was all the more popular in Britain in the 1780s when Americans of European origin could be regarded as rebels.
In contrast with Wright's paintings of candlelit scenes, here the main figure is seen silhouetted against sunlight and a stormy sky.
Similar work
An engraving of this painting was made by another Derby artist, John Raphael Smith, in 1785. Wright painted a similar painting based on female fortitude entitled The Lady in Milton's Comus and a very near copy of the Indian Widow. The Lady in Milton's Comus is in the Walker Gallery in Liverpool whilst the near copy was lost in a fire. This painting and The Lady in Milton's Comus were displayed at Wright's exhibition in 1785. It is thought that this might be the first "solo show" in England. Wright laid out his plans for the exhibition in the same year that he refused to become a Royal Academician.
References
Bibliography
Nicolson, Benedict (1968). Joseph Wright of Derby: Painter of Light. Vol. 1, p. 148.
Paintings by Joseph Wright of Derby
1780s paintings
Collections of Derby Museum and Art Gallery
Native Americans in art
Kaikavolu is a village in East Godavari District, Pedapudi Mandal, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demographics
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:
Total Population: 2,038 in 575 Households.
Male Population: 1,052 and Female Population: 986
Children Under 6-years: 232 (Boys - 132 and Girls - 100)
Total Literates: 1,055
General information
Telugu film actor Krishna Bhagavan was born in this village.
References
External links
Kaikavolu information
A Temple in Kaikavolu Village
Villages in East Godavari district
This is a timeline of incidents in 1975 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualties figure in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1975
1975
1975
Terr
Edegül is a village in the central district of the Ardahan Province of Turkey.
History
Edegül is a Meskhetian Turkic village. It is unknown when the village of Edegül was established. The known names of the village thus far are Adagül and Edegül. The name of the village was first recorded in an Ottoman cadastral record book dated 1595 as "Adagül (اداكول)". The name Adagül (اداكول) has changed into Edegül (ۀدەكول) over time. In the middle of the 16th century, Edegül along with the Akhalsithe region, was taken from the Principality of Samtskhe by the Ottoman Empire under the treaty of Amasya with Safavid Empire. Thereafter, Edegül was connected to the Southern sub-district of Ardahan-i Büzürg liva in Childir Eyalet of the Ottoman Empire.
After staying under the Ottoman rule for more than three centuries, Edegül, along with the Kars province, was taken by Russian Empire after the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878). Under the Russian administration, Edegül, which was recorded in the name of Adagül (Адагюль), was connected to the Ardahan okrug of the Kars Oblast. According to the Russian census of 1886, there were 59 people in the village at that time. After the First World War, the Moscow Treaty was signed between Government of the Grand National Assembly and Russia on March 16, 1921 and the Kars oblast, along with Edegül village, was ceded to Turkey. In an Ottoman Empire village list dated 1928, the name of the village was recorded as "Edegül" and it was connected to the Yalnızçam subdistrict of Ardahan district of Kars province. When Ardahan became a province in 1992, Edegül became the village of the central district of this province.
In 1950, Edegül had 353 population. As of 2020, Edegül has 84 population.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Epidendrum tridens ("the three-toothed Epidendrum") is a terrestrial orchid closely allied to E. nocturnum, of which it has often been considered a variety or synonym. For example, Reichenbach 1861 lists Epidendrum tridens (Poepp. & Endl.) Cogn. (1898) as a synonym of Epidendrum nocturnum and Epidendrum nocturnum var. latifolium Lindl. (1837) as a distinguishable variety of Epidendrum nocturnum.
Description
Epidendrum tridens belongs to the subgenus E. subg. Epidendrum Lindl. (1842), and as such, displays a sympodial growth habit featuring reed-like stems covered by distichous tubular sheathes, leaf-bearing above, and produces an apical inflorescence which has neither sheath nor spathe at its base. The stems grow approximately 30 cm tall. The length of the leaves is less than twice the width (hence the varietal name "latifolia"), up to 12 cm long and 8 cm wide. The pedicellate ovary of the solitary flower is 6–10 cm long. The narrow pointed sepals and petals are lightly colored, described variously as white, yellow, and green, with a tinge of crimson, and approximately 7 cm long. The deeply trilobate lip is adnate to the column to its apex and bears a small yellow callus just past the column apex. The central lobe of the lip is linear-lanceolate, nearly 3 cm long by less than 3 mm wide. The lateral lobes of the lip, as illustrated by Dodson & Vásquez 1989, are roughly triangular, connected to the central lobe at one point. The IOSPE photo shows them as semi-ovate wings completely connected to the central lobe.
E. tridens is distributed widely in the Neotropics.
References
tridens
Taxa named by Eduard Friedrich Poeppig
Rick Denzien is a songwriter, singer and studio technician from Buffalo, New York.
Early life
Denzien started playing the guitar at the age of eight or nine, reportedly initiated due to a head injury. As a teenager, he performed in the band Freeway. As a third-year high school student, he performed a radio play with fellow musician, Bob Schiele. Denzien then moved to Rochester to attend college. He was selected to be a recording artist for the State University of New York at Fredonia and participated in a year-long Tonmeister (recording engineer) program with Eric Paul (record producer) and Richard Hammond. He signed his first publishing contract with a small publisher for his song "Come On Children". The song was listened to in some circles. His first CD was recorded in Nashville at the Oak Ridge Boys studio with his favorite musicians Chad Watson, Randy Corell, Tony Brown (record producer), J.T. Taylor recording / mix engineer Fred Cameron.
Career
During and after college Denzien played at various venues in the East and South United States and eventually moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He recorded his second CD as a limited edition called Heal The Land and included many Philadelphia area musicians. The CD received limited airplay. Two years later he was asked to help mix The Bloodhound Gang's CD Use Your Fingers for Columbia Records. When Daddy Long Legs broke off from Blood hound gang he continued to work with the new band, called Wolfpac. He recorded and mixed the songs "Somethin' Wicked This Way Comes", "Evil is as Evil Does" and "Death Becomes Her". He is uncredited on the spoken word ad libs for some of these songs. The Band used these recordings to get a slot on the Howard Stern Radio Show.
He has been to The Netherlands four times with live touring performances and has appeared on television and radio shows in the United States, Holland, India and Australia.
He founded Bah-Fo Studio in 1990 and continues to record and mix for the music community.
Work
Discography
Son of the Morning – Rick Denzien
Heal The Land – Rick Denzien & The Gas House Gorillas
Laser Writing on the Moon – Rick Denzien & The Gas House Gorillas
Exit 21 – Rick Denzien
Recently – Rick Denzien
Radiate – Rick Denzien
Green Sky – Rick Denzien – 2013–14
Blinded Eyes – Rick Denzien - 2020
Produced
CD Albums
Rick Denzien – Heal The Land Slot-1
Rick Denzien – Laser Writing on the Moon – Slot-1
Rick Denzien – Exit 21 – Slot-1
Michael G. Ronstadt – Foolish Fox – Slot-1
Lyra Project – Goddess – Slot-1
C Waitz – Corrupted Youth – Slot-1
Michael G. Ronstadt – Crazy Rhythm / Empty Drafts – Slot-1
Bob Mecklenburger – Do It! – Slot-1
Michael G. Ronstadt – Bridging The Gap – Slot-1
Kool G Rap – Half A Clip – Latchkey / Kotch
David Kliener – News That Fit To Sing – indie
Justin Guarini – What You Won't Do For Love – Slot-1
Rick Denzien – Recently – Slot-1
Songs
"Go Out and Play" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"Casual Affairs" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"Radiate" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"What You Won't Do For Love" – Drivetime feat. Justin Guarini – Slot-1
"The Secret Christmas Song" – Lyra Project – Slot-1
"Her Calling (America)" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"TSAI (sigh)" – Rick Denzien -Slot-1
"Ordinary Girl" – Lyra Project – Slot-1
"Patiently Waits" – Lyra Project – Slot-1
"Game of Thrones" – Michael G. Ronstadt – Slot-1
"More" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"Death Looks on You" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
Recording / mix engineer
Rick Denzien – Heal The Land
Rick Denzien – Laser Writing on the Moon
Rick Denzien – Exit 21
Rick Denzien – Recently
Rick Denzien – Radiate
Lyra Project – Goddess
Lyra Project – Walking Together
Ronstadt Generations – Prelude
Michael G. Ronstadt – Bridging The Gap
Craig Bickhardt Live at Sellersville Theater CD Baby
Michael G. Ronstadt – Crazy Rhythm / Empty Drafts
Michael G. Ronstadt – Foolish Fox
Wolfpac – Evil Is...
Bloodhound Gang – Use Your Fingers
Kool G Rap – Half a Klip Chinga Chang Latchkey BMG
C Waitz – Corrupted Youth
Videos
"God Put a Smile Upon Your Face" – Lyra Project – Goddess] – Slot-1
"Radiate" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"TSAI (sigh)" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"Grind" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"Busses" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"Tender Mercy" – Jamie Knight – Slot-1
"Go Out and Play" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
"Death Looks on You" – Rick Denzien – Slot-1
Articles
"Zero emissions musicians take a Tesla Model 3 EV on tour" – TheDriven.IO – Bridie Schmidt
"Singer Songwriter Plugs Electric Earth Day" – Earth911.com Patti Roth
"Get Charged Up About Electric Vehicles" – WeaversWay.coop Rick Denzien
"Radiate" – solismagazine.com Tyler Stansfield Jaggers
"Go Out and Play" – dropthespotlight.com Vic
"Emergency Exit" – NewsWeek Magazine New Products
"Device Helps Safe Escape From A Fire 'Exit Traveler'" – The Morning Call staff
"Dopple Ganger'" – IMDb Sound Department
References
External links
Rick Denzien
YouTube Rick Denzien Channel
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Mukhalingam is a village panchayat in Jalumuru mandal of Srikakulam district in indian state of Andhra Pradesh, India. It was the erstwhile capital of the Eastern Ganga dynasty. It is home to a group of three Śiva temples - Madhukeswara, Someswara, Bhimeswara - which have been variously dated by historians from late eighth century to early eleventh century CE. The village is located on the left bank of Vamsadhara river at a distance of 48 km from Srikakulam town.
Geography
Mukhalingam is located at . It has an average elevation of .
Transportation
Srimukhalingam is well Connected by road ways. Andhrapradesh State Highway 106 passes through Srimukhalingam village.
APSRTC operates Several buses from srikakulam bus stand to Srimukhalingam village. Many of Autos , Taxis and cabs are also available from Challavanipeta village to Srimukhalingam village.
Andhrapradesh SH106 Connects Jarjangi, Challavanipeta, Jalumuru, Budithi , komanapalli and Pindruvada villages with Sri mukhalingam village.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, the demographic details of Mukhalingam are as follows:
Total Population: 3,022 in 837 Households
Male Population: 1,504 and Female Population: 1,518
Children under six years of age: 265 (Boys - 139 and Girls - 126)
Literacy rate: 63.58%
Culture
The dating of the temples has been contested among historians. The temples have been variously dated from late eighth century to eleventh century CE. The earliest among them was constructed in the late eighth or early ninth century and the latest one dates to early eleventh century. Every year famous Chakratirtha Snana (holy bath) is taken by pilgrims. Lakhs of pilgrims visit from Odisha and Andhra Pradesh on the auspicious day to take the holy bath and take blessings of Lord Shiva.
Gallery
References
Villages in Srikakulam district
Hindu pilgrimage sites in India
Former capital cities in India
Uttarandhra
Jordan "Orce" Kamchev () is a Macedonian businessman. According to Forbes, he is the richest person in North Macedonia for 2015, with net worth of 228 mil euros.
Companies
Hospital Acibadem Sistina (2010)
Media Print Macedonia (2004)
Skopsko Pole
Stopanska Banka AD Bitola
Pelagonija Energy
Beton Shtip
Mont
Orka Sport
IBIS Skopje City Center
Controversies
Extortion Scandal
In the summer 2020, Boki 13 and prosecutor Katica Janeva were imprisoned for money laundering and illegal influence due to their attempts to extort Kamchev for €1.5 million.
Special Prosecution Probes
Following the ousting of former Macedonian Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski due to corruption. Kamchev who was reportedly close to his regime has been under investigation by Macedonian prosecutors.
In March 2021, Kamchev was arrested in North Macedonia due to fears that he will try to leave the country. The arrest was in regards to allegations that Kamchev had been involved in a scheme where he purchased land in the Vodno district, Skopje using public money when VMRO-DPMNE was the ruling party.
References
1970 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Skopje
George Man Burrows (1771 – 29 October 1846) was an English physician who was an expert on insanity.
Biography
Burrows was born at Chalk, near Gravesend, in 1771. He was educated at the King's School, Canterbury, was apprenticed to an apothecary at Rochester, and completed his medical education at Guy's and St. Thomas's Hospitals. After qualifying at the College of Surgeons and Apothecaries' Hall, he entered on general practice in London. He became deeply interested in the legal status of the medical profession, and organised the Association of Surgeon-Apothecaries of England and Wales, with the object of improving the education and status of the profession. As chairman of this body Burrows was most indefatigable, and had a large share in the movement which led to the passing of the Apothecaries' Act in 1815. The society voted him five hundred guineas on its dissolution. On the formation of the first court of examiners of the Apothecaries' Company, on the passing of the act, Burrows was appointed an examiner; but early in 1817 he resigned, owing to the unfair conduct of the court of assistants. On this question Burrows published a Statement of Circumstances connected with the Apothecaries' Act and its Administration in 1817. At this time he was largely engaged in medical literature, being one of the founders and editors of the London Medical Repository, which commenced in January 1814, and the author of Observations on the Comparative Mortality of London and Paris in 1815.
In 1816, Burrows retired from general practice, and devoted himself to the treatment of insane patients, at first keeping a small asylum at Chelsea, and later, in 1823, establishing a larger one, ‘The Retreat', at Clapham. He became M.D. of St Andrews in 1824, and a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1839.
He died on 29 October 1846, aged 76, and is buried adjacent to his wife in the Terrace Catacombs in Highgate Cemetery.
Works
Burrows became a leading authority on insanity, publishing Cursory Remarks on Legislative Regulation of the Insane (1819), and An Inquiry into certain Errors relative to Insanity and their Consequences, Physical, Moral, and Civil (1820). An extended treatise, Commentaries on the Causes, Forms, Symptoms, and Treatment, Moral and Medical, of Insanity, 1828, was the most complete practical British psychiatric treatise published up to that time.
References
Attribution
19th-century English medical doctors
18th-century English medical doctors
English psychologists
Heads of psychiatric hospitals
People from Gravesend, Kent
1771 births
1846 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
Gustave Beauverd (1867–1942) was a Swiss botanist, specializing in Pteridophytes, Bryophytes, and Spermatophytes.
For a period of time he worked at the "Herbier Bossier", and is remembered for his investigations of the genus Melampyrum. He was a co-author of the series "Icones florae Alpinae plantarum", and the author of many works on diverse botanical subjects. In 1931 he became a member of the Société botanique de France.
He is the taxonomic authority of the genera Berroa, Parantennaria, Psychrophyton and Stuckertiella. The genus Beauverdia (family Alliaceae) was named after him by Wilhelm Gustav Franz Herter, and plants with the specific epithet of beauverdiana honor him, examples being Acacia beauverdiana and Photinia beauverdiana
Selected works
Bulletin de L'Herbier Boissier V2: 1902, (1902).
Contributions à la flore de l'Afrique australe, 1913 – Contribution to the flora of southern Africa.
Monographie du genre Melampyrum L., 1916 – Monograph on the genus Melampyrum.
Contribution à la Géographie botanique des Alpes de Savoie, 1922 – Contribution to the phytogeography of the Savoie Alps.
References
1867 births
1942 deaths
Swiss taxonomists
19th-century Swiss botanists
20th-century Swiss botanists
Maranantha-Alkahest Sector is a 1982 role-playing game supplement published by Judges Guild for Traveller.
Contents
Maranantha-Alkahest Sector is the fourth sector in the Traveller universe from Judges Guild, completing their Gateway Quadrant.
Publication history
Maranantha-Alkahest Sector was written by Dave Sering and was published in 1981 by Judges Guild as a 32-page book with a large map.
Judges Guild published Traveller supplements from 1979 to 1982, detailing full sectors of the Imperium, and according to Shannon Appelcline: "The result was a set of four publications: Ley Sector (1980), Glimmerdrift Reaches (1981), Crucis Margin (1981), and Maranatha-Alkahest Sector (1981). Together these sectors comprised the Gateway Quadrant; along with complementary adventures published by Judges Guild, they offered the most comprehensive and cohesive view of any part of the Traveller universe, with the possible exception of the Spinward Marches."
Reception
William A. Barton reviewed Maranantha-Alkahest Sector in The Space Gamer No. 49. Barton commented that "The only real problem with this supplement is the usual, sloppy JG editing. The large map is a bit unwieldly, as have been all of JG's maps of late. Overall, however, Maranantha-Alkahest Sector provides some more interesting places to adventure and is recommended to those who want to further add to their atlases of the Traveller universe."
References
Judges Guild publications
Traveller (role-playing game) supplements
Antonio de Villarroel y Pelaez (1656, Barcelona – 1726, A Coruña) was a Spanish military commander in the service of Philip V until 1710 in the War of the Spanish Succession. After the disgrace of the Duke of Orléans, he switched to the Habsburg cause of Charles VI, keeping his rank. In 1713 he was appointed general commander of the Army of Catalonia.
Military career
He joined the army at a very young age, and in 1697, he defended Barcelona against a French army. At the beginning of the War of Spanish Succession, he fought with the army of Philip V, but the fall from grace of the Duke of Orléans forced him to Galicia where he joined the Allied anti-Borbón league. He was there appointed a deputy marshal for the Archduke Charles VI.
Once in the service of the Habsburgs, he distinguished himself in the Battle of Villaviciosa and in the thankless task of evacuation of Aragon in 1711. In recognition of his accomplishments, he was appointed supreme commander of the forces of Catalonia and was charged with organizing city defenses in the 1713-14 Siege of Barcelona. With just over 5,000 men, of whom about 3,500 were members of the guild militia, Villarroel was forced to defend the city against some 40,000 mixed French and Spanish supporters of Phillip V. As the summer of 1714 passed, desperate times in Barcelona forced Villarroel to attempt to force an exit of the city. The attempted exit was repulsed by the Duke of Berwick who had replaced the Duke of Popoli as commander of the besiegers. By September, the Franco-Spanish forces had opened a sizable breach in the walls and the city counselors pleaded with Villarroel to capitulate the city to the Duke of Berwick. Refusing to surrender the city, Villarroel continued defending the city until he was injured, whereupon the city was officially surrendered to the forces of Phillip V. Despite assurances given contrary to the fact, the 25 military commanders of Barcelona's defenses, including Villarroel, were all imprisoned.
Imprisonment and death
Villarroel was imprisoned first in the castle of Alicante and later (1715) in A Coruña, where he died (22 February 1726). He spent his last years confined in a cell that flooded with the rising tide, circumstance that caused a total paralysis of his two legs. The actual date of his death was discovered by Josep Catà and Antoni Muñoz in 2009. Until then, it was considered that Villarroel had been released from the Alcazar of Segovia following the peace of Vienna and had lived in the pension that would have granted, until his death, the Archduke Charles Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
Legacy
A street in the l'Eixample district of modern Barcelona is named after Villarroel.
In the historical novel Victus of the Catalan writer Albert Sánchez Piñol, about the war of the Spanish succession and specially the Siege of Barcelona, Villarroel is portrayed as the true hero of the Barcelona defense.
References
Some of the information on this page has been translated from its Spanish Equivalent.
1656 births
1726 deaths
Spanish prisoners of war
History of Barcelona
Military history of Catalonia
Three human polls and one formulaic ranking make up the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS (Football Bowl Subdivision) football rankings, in addition to various publications' preseason polls. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship title. That title is bestowed by one or more of four different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason: the AP Poll and the Coaches Poll. About halfway through the season, two additional polls are released, the Harris Interactive Poll and the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) Standings. The Harris Poll and Coaches Poll are factors in the BCS Standings. At the end of the season, the BCS Standings determine who plays in the BCS bowl games as well as the BCS National Championship Game.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches Poll
The final Coaches Poll of the 2008 season (technically taking place in 2009) was notable in that the winner of the BCS Championship Game was not the unanimous number 1. While the coaches are obligated to vote the winner of that game, Utah coach Kyle Whittingham voted his team number 1 after they defeated favored Alabama in the 2009 Sugar Bowl and completed the only undefeated season (13–0).
Harris Interactive Poll
BCS Standings
The Bowl Championship Series determined the two teams that competed in the 2009 BCS National Championship Game.
References
Rankings
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Bowl Championship Series
Philip Sheppard Grimwade (9 April 1912 – 7 September 1961) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Geelong to medical practitioner Alfred Sheppard Grimwade and Amy Gertrude Tanner. He attended Geelong College, and was a farmer at Geelong from 1930. In 1936 he purchased property at Broadford. During World War II he served 20th Motor Regiment. He was from a political family, being the grandson of Frederick Sheppard Grimwade and uncle of Fred Grimwade. He served on Pyalong Shire Council from 1939 to 1961, and was president from 1943 to 1944 and from 1956 to 1957. In 1947 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Goulburn, but he was defeated after a single term in 1950. Grimwade died in East Melbourne in 1961.
References
1912 births
1961 deaths
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
20th-century Australian politicians
Colorado 1870–2000 is a pictoral history of frontier Colorado consisting of repeat photography by photographers William Henry Jackson and John Fielder. This book is also a collaboration with the Colorado Historical Society.
Jackson - Nineteenth Century
Jackson started photographing Colorado for the Hayden Survey to map the West in 1870. Jackson owned his own photography studio in Denver, which enabled him to make contacts with railroad companies. Jackson traveled all over the Colorado territory and later, the state of Colorado, for over 30 years. He even climbed Rocky Mountains peaks that are over 14,000 feet high in to capture his photographs for the survey. Jackson's photographs also depict various Colorado geological characteristics such as boulders and creeks. Due to the lack of railroads, Jackson did not photograph the eastern plains and northwestern Colorado. Jackson later sold his business and the negatives from his photos to a photography company in Detroit when Colorado's economy declined in the late 1890s.
Fielder - Twentieth Century
Fielder has a long history of being a nature photographer, with his focus primarily on landscapes and nature of Colorado. Fielder had his own collection of old photographs which gave him the idea to follow in the footsteps of another historical photographer of Colorado landscapes. Fielder worked with the Colorado Historical Society which had a large collection of Jackson's photographs taken a century earlier. The historical society liked Fielder's concept to rephotograph the areas of Colorado that Jackson had traveled to and worked in collaboration with Fielder for the project. Jackson took thousands of photographs throughout his Colorado travels so it was an enormous challenge for Fielder to narrow down 300 photos that he would rephotograph from 1997-1998. Fielder used Jackson's pictures to assist him with finding the location from Jackson's pictures, which often was a challenge since some geological landmarks changed over a century. Fielder photographed the same landmarks and scenery that Jackson using the same lighting and the same view as Jackson, only a century later. Fielder states that he could not find evidence left behind by Jackson of the spots where he took his photos, although other local photographers found imprints in the ground from Jackson's equipment. Colorado 1870-2000 is an easily recognizable hardcover brown volume of 156 Jackson-Fielder photographs. It was published in 1999 under Westcliffe Publishers, Fielder's own publishing company.
Awards
Colorado 1870-2000 became a success with Colorado residents and is most widely known as Colorado Then and Now. It won the Colorado Humanitaries Colorado Book Award for non-fiction of Colorado/West in 1999. It was also named as Colorado's Tourism Website as one of the "10 Top Colorado History Reads.
Related Works
Colorado 1870-2000 Revisited, published in 2001, was a companion book to the original book providing additional information and history about the images. This book was a collaboration between Fielder and Thomas Noel. The final book of the Fielder-Jackson, Colorado 1870-2000 II was released in 2005. It contains the remaining photos that Fielder took on his quest to rephotograph Jackson.
Several other then and now books on Colorado have been published by various authors, many predating Fielder's work. Robert L. Brown produced three then and now books on Colorado ghost towns in the 1960s and early 1970s. Grant Collier retraced the steps of his great-great-grandfather, the pioneer photographer Joseph Collier, in his book Colorado: Yesterday & Today. More recently, Sandra Forty produced the book Colorado Past and Present.
References
Further reading
W.H. Jackson and John Fielder. Colorado 1870-2000. Westcliffe Publishers with the Colorado Historical Society, 1999. .
External links
History of Colorado
Durgamandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3285 living in 660 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Robert Henry McIntosh (23 September 1894–1983), also known as All-Weather Mac for his ability to fly in foggy and difficult conditions, was one of Imperial Airways' 16 original pilots. In 1927, he made unsuccessful attempts to fly at first across the Atlantic with James Fitzmaurice and then to fly to India and back with Bert Hinkler, both on the aircraft Princess Xenia, a Dutch Fokker F.VIIa. In 1962, he was the subject of Eamonn Andrews' This is Your Life.
Robert McIntosh was born on 23 September 1894.
McIntosh died in 1983. He was then known as Wing Commander Robert Henry McIntosh, DFC, AFC.
References
1894 births
1983 deaths
British aviators
Croydon Airport
Imperial Airways
Eliza Orzeszkowa (6 June 184118 May 1910) was a Polish novelist and a leading writer of the Positivism movement during foreign Partitions of Poland. In 1905, together with Henryk Sienkiewicz, she was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Biography
She was born in Milkowszczyzna (then in the Russian Empire, now in Belarus) to a noble Pawłowski family, and died in Grodno (now in Belarus) nearby. From 1852 to 1857, she lived in Warsaw, where she attended school. There she met another future Polish writer Maria Konopnicka. After returning to Milkowszczyzna, at the age of sixteen, Eliza married Piotr Orzeszko, a Polish nobleman twice her own age, who was exiled to Siberia after the January Uprising of 1863. They were legally separated in 1869. She married again in 1894, after a 30-year-long loving relationship with Stanisław Nahorski, who died a few years later. In 1866, she moved to Grodno and turned novelist.
Orzeszkowa wrote a series of 30 novels and 120 powerful sketches, dramas and novellas, dealing with the social conditions of her occupied country. Her novel Eli Makower (1875) describes the relations between the Jews and the Polish nobility; and Meir Ezofowicz (1878), the conflict between Jewish orthodoxy and modern liberalism. In 1888 Orzeszkowa wrote two novels about the Niemen River (now part of Belarus): Cham (The Boor) focused on the life of fishermen; and her most famous novel, Nad Niemnem (On the Niemen)—often compared to Pan Tadeusz—dealing with the issues of Polish aristocracy against the backdrop of political and social order. Her study on patriotism and cosmopolitanism appeared in 1880. A uniform edition of her works was published in Warsaw between 1884 and 1888.
Much of her output is available also in German translation.
In 1905, together with Henryk Sienkiewicz and Leo Tolstoy, Orzeszkowa was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. The prize was awarded to Sienkiewicz. According to official records of the Nobel Prize committee, the idea of dividing the prize was rejected as an act of disparagement, and only the latter ended up as the laureate.
Selected works
References
Attribution:
External links
Szlakiem Elizy Orzeszkowej
1842 births
1910 deaths
People from Hrodna District
People from Grodnensky Uyezd
Clan of Korwin
19th-century Polish novelists
20th-century Polish novelists
Polish essayists
Polish political writers
Polish Theosophists
Polish women novelists
Polish women essayists
19th-century Polish women writers
19th-century Polish writers
20th-century Polish women writers
20th-century Polish writers
19th-century essayists
20th-century essayists
Polish positivism
A baking stone is a portable cooking surface used in baking. It may be made of ceramic, stone or, more recently, salt. Food is put on the stone, which is then placed in an oven, though sometimes the stone is heated first. Baking stones are used much like cookie sheets, but may absorb additional moisture for crispier food. A pizza stone is a baking stone designed for cooking pizza.
Overview
Due to the thermal mass of baking stones and the material's property as a poor heat conductor, food is less likely to burn when one uses a baking stone instead of metal or glass bakeware. Baking stones are a variation on hot stone cooking, which is one of the oldest cooking techniques known. Some cooks recommend sprinkling corn meal or flour on the baking stone to prevent the crust from sticking or using parchment paper atop the stone. Baking "stones" may be purchased as unglazed ceramic tiles, unglazed fired clay tiles and quarried tiles, from tile shops and hardware stores.
To prevent fracturing of the stone by thermal shock, some bakers place the baking stone in a cold oven and heat it over at least 45 minutes, then allow it to cool slowly inside the oven after switching it off. Because of the possibility of rapid temperature change, baking stones should not be left in an oven while it is in self cleaning mode.
Baking stones can be cleaned with a dry brush or scouring pad followed by plain hot water. Because it is porous, a baking stone will absorb any fluid it contacts, including detergent. Use of any detergents may taint the stone, imparting the flavor of detergent to foods later cooked on the stone.
Pizza stone
When designed for cooking pizzas, a baking stone is often referred to as a pizza stone. Using a pizza stone more or less mimics the effects of cooking a pizza in a masonry oven. The porous nature of the stone is commonly believed to absorb moisture; resulting in a crispier crust.
Small pizza stones can be purchased to fit any conventional cooking oven or an enclosed barbecue-style grill. High-end ovens sometimes offer optional pizza stones that are specifically designed for each oven model and may include a specialized heating element. In addition to traditional methods, a pizza stone can also be made out of metal.
Pizza / baking steel
A36 steel plate usually long x wide x thick, It conducts heat better than stone, is safe to use under any broiler and on the grill, but gives off too much heat for bread, cookies, and croissants. It is carbon steel, so also heavier, needs to be pre-seasoned before use.
See also
Earth oven – underground ovens
Masonry oven – colloquially known as a brick oven or stone oven
References
Food preparation utensils
Cookware and bakeware
Pizza
Stone (material)
de:Pizzastein
Krebsbach is a river of Hesse, Germany. It flows into the Nidder near Nidderau.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Jamie Thomas (born October 11, 1974) is an American professional skateboarder and skateboard industry entrepreneur. Thomas is the owner and founder of Zero Skateboards and Fallen Footwear, until he announced its closure in January 2017. Thomas' nickname in the skateboard industry is "The Chief".
Early life
Thomas grew up in Dothan, Alabama, but also spent time as a child in Atlanta, Georgia and Palm Beach Gardens, Florida for his father's work as a nuclear engineer. Thomas started skateboarding in Palm Beach Gardens at the age of eleven.
Skateboarding career
In 1991, Thomas won a skateboarding competition in Panama City, Florida.
In 1992, Thomas left Alabama and relocated to San Francisco, California in order to pursue a career in professional skateboarding. At the time, he was sponsored by Thunder Trucks, Spitfire Wheels, Vans and as a flow rider for Real Skateboards. Thomas turned pro for a short lived brand called Experience. Thomas went on to ride for San Diego-based Invisible Skateboards.
After relocating to Southern California in 1994, Thomas was featured on the cover of TransWorld SKATEboarding magazine and filmed video parts for Spitfire and Invisible. In 1995 Thomas left Invisible to join skateboarder/artist Ed Templeton at Toy Machine Skateboards. Thomas filmed and directed two Toy Machine videos, the second one being Welcome to Hell, one of the most influential skate videos of the 1990s.
"Leap of Faith"
The Zero video Thrill Of It All featured Thomas's attempt at what would be coined "The Leap of Faith" (an "ollie melon" over a handrail and down an 18-foot, 8-inch drop). The location of the "leap" was the Point Loma High School in San Diego. Although Thomas did not successfully land the trick, his attempt garnered notoriety.
Sponsors
Thomas is sponsored by Zero skateboards, STRAYE footwear, Thunder trucks, Spitfire wheels, Bones Swiss, Fred Water, Mob Grip, olloclip, Active Ride Shop, and Official headwear.
Business career
In 1996, Thomas started Zero Skateboards through skateboard distributor Tum Yeto. In 2003, Thomas started the skate footwear brand Fallen Footwear. In 2006, Thomas won a regional "Entrepreneur of the Year" award from business leaders Ernst & Young.
In a June 2014 interview with the Jenkem online publication, Thomas explained that the Dwindle Distribution skateboard company—responsible for the Enjoi, Blind Skateboards, Almost Skateboards, Darkstar and Cliché Skateboards brands—will take over "the sales, finance, production and distribution aspects" of the Zero brand, without citing a time frame. Thomas further explained that the Zero employees will remain independent and will focus on "the team, marketing and creative aspects" of the brand. On June 27, 2014, two-time Thrasher magazine Skater of the Year Chris Cole (perhaps the brand's top pro at the time) announced his departure from Zero on the social media platform Instagram, without a corresponding reason; however, a reply from the Zero Instagram account thanked Cole for his "loyalty & dedication".
Thomas explained in a June 24, 2014 interview with the Active brand's online media channel that core skateboard brands will need to remain authentic to survive in the marketplace. He also revealed that he continues to enjoy the process of working in collaboration with sponsors and companies on projects, and recommended skateboarding projects to the audience for motivational benefits.
In 2017, Thomas announced on instagram that he would be joining a new footwear brand called STRAYE footwear, alongside Chad Muska and Antwuan Dixon.
Thomas announced on April 24, 2019 that he sold his collectible skateboard business, Garage Days Collection, to a collector. Garage Days Collection sued the collector, Florida resident and attorney Matthew R. Wendler, in the San Diego County Superior Court a month later, on May 24, 2019. Two days later, Wendler sued Thomas and Garage Days Collection in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. The California case is now pending before the Honorable Janis L. Sammartino, and the Florida case is pending before the Honorable Roy K. Altman.
Personal life
Thomas is married to Joanne and they have three children, born in 2003, 2006 and 2008. The Thomas family resides in Encinitas, California. Thomas is a Christian, with several board graphics that feature Christian imagery and scripture.
Thomas has explained that his nickname, "The Chief", was started by professional skateboarders Elissa Steamer, Erik Ellington and Jim Greco.
In January 2000, Thomas appeared with Ed Templeton in a print ad for the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine to promote vegetarianism.
Trivia
Blur guitarist, Graham Coxon wrote an eponymous song in tribute to Thomas, which can be found on his solo album, "The Golden D".
Videography
Spitfire Wheels: Spitfire (1993)
Invisible Skateboards: Invisible (1994)
Toy Machine: Heavy Metal (1995)
Etnies: High Five (1995)
Toy Machine: Welcome to Hell (1996)
Emerica: Yellow – shared part with Adrian Lopez (1996)
Zero: Thrill of it All (1997)
Zero: Misled Youth (1999)
Landspeed: CKY (1999)
Transworld: VideoRadio (2001)
Transworld: Chomp on This (2002)
Zero: Dying to Live (2002)
Zero: New Blood (2005)
Reason to Believe (2005)
Thrasher: King of the Road (2004)
Thrasher: King of the Road (2005)
Thrasher: King of the Road (2006)
Zero promotional video (2007)
Fallen: Ride The Sky (2008)
Bill Maher's Religulous (2008)
Zero: Strange World (2009)
Insight: Untitled (2011)
Zero: Cold War (2013)
Zero: Damn It All (2019)
Video games
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater (1999)
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 (2000)
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 (2001)
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 (2002)
Tony Hawk's Underground (2003)
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2 (2020)
References
External links
Black Box Distribution official website
American skateboarders
Sportspeople from Dothan, Alabama
1974 births
Living people
Skateboarding video directors
Zygmunt "Zygi" Wilf (born April 22, 1950) is an American billionaire businessman and real estate developer. He is the chairman and co-owner of the NFL's Minnesota Vikings and the majority owner of MLS's Orlando City.
Early life
Wilf was born in West Berlin on April 22, 1950. His parents, Joseph (1925–2016) and Elizabeth Wilf (1932-), are Polish Jews and Holocaust survivors from Nazi occupied Poland. The Wilf family immigrated to the United States from Europe in the early 1950s and settled in Hillside, New Jersey. After a brief stint as used car salesmen, Joseph and his brother Harry Wilf began purchasing apartment buildings and renting units. Eventually, the brothers began building single-family homes and founded Garden Homes. A real estate developer, his two main family-run businesses, Garden Homes and Garden Commercial Properties, have constructed some 25,000 homes in 39 states across the country since their initial ventures; the two entities and their affiliates own and manage in retail and business property.
Wilf attended Fairleigh Dickinson University, earning a bachelor's degree in economics in 1971, and later earned a J.D. degree from New York Law School in Manhattan in June 1974. President Richard Joel presented him with an honorary doctorate from Yeshiva University in May 2010 at the university's 79th commencement. Zygi, along with his brother Mark Wilf, serve as trustees of Yeshiva University. He received an honorary degree at Fairleigh Dickinson's 69th Commencement Ceremony in May 2012.
Career
After working as an attorney, Wilf joined the family business and became head of one of the company's affiliates, Garden Commercial Properties. Wilf has grown the company from four shopping centers in Northern New Jersey to over a hundred properties, including several large malls. In addition to the commercial properties, the Garden companies also own and manage 90,000 apartment units around the country.
Minnesota Vikings
Wilf and five partners purchased the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League from Red McCombs in 2005 for a reported 600 million. Legal advisement for the deal was provided by international law firm Greenberg Traurig and eventual Vikings Chief Operating Officer and now Big Ten Conference Commissioner Kevin Warren. Forbes estimates the 2020 value of the franchise at 2.95 billion, the 17th of the 32 NFL teams or the 33rd of the 50 most valuable sports teams.
For several years, the Vikings and Wilf stated that their former home, the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, was inadequate and lobbied for a new stadium. In May 2012, the Minnesota Vikings moved closer to getting a new $975 million stadium after the state senate approved a plan that relies heavily on public financing. Later that month the deal was signed by Governor Mark Dayton and narrowly approved by the Minneapolis City Council, ending any speculation of relocation. The new stadium, U.S. Bank Stadium, opened in July 2016 on the site of the former Metrodome.
Nashville SC
In August 2017, Wilf, his brother Mark and his cousin Leonard became minority owners of the Nashville SC alongside lead investor John Ingram.
Orlando City SC
On May 12, 2021, it was announced that Zygi, Mark, and Leonard were purchasing Major League Soccer club Orlando City SC, along with Orlando Pride of the National Women's Soccer League, and Exploria Stadium, from their ownership group led by Brazilian entrepreneur Flávio Augusto da Silva. The value of the deal has been estimated at $400–450 million. The sale will require the Wilfs to sell their minority stake in Nashville SC.
Controversy
In August 2013, Wilf, along with his brother, Mark Wilf, and cousin, were found liable by a New Jersey court for breaking civil state racketeering laws and keeping separate accounting books to fleece former business partners of shared revenue. The presiding judge noted that Wilf had used organized crime-like tactics to commit fraud against his business partners. In September, the judge awarded the two business partner plaintiffs Ada Reichmann and Josef Halpern $84.5 million in compensatory damages, punitive damages and interest that the Wilfs must pay. In June 2018, an appeal reduced this amount to roughly $32 million.
Personal life
In 2011, Zygi and Audrey Wilf purchased an apartment occupying the entire 18th floor of New York's 778 Park Avenue for $19 million, reduced from its original December 2009 asking price of $24.5 million while they still reside in their home in Springfield, New Jersey.
Wilf is one of three NFL owners not born in the United States, along with Kim Pegula (Buffalo Bills, born in South Korea) and Shahid Khan (Jacksonville Jaguars, born in Pakistan).
References
1950 births
Living people
American lawyers
American real estate businesspeople
Minnesota Vikings owners
Fairleigh Dickinson University alumni
New York Law School alumni
People from Hillside, New Jersey
People from Springfield Township, Union County, New Jersey
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
German expatriates in the United States
Jewish American sportspeople
Zygi
American billionaires
21st-century American Jews
Durucasu, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
"Book & a Cover" is a song by American singer-songwriter Suzanne Vega, which was released in 1998 as a single from her compilation album Tried & True: The Best of Suzanne Vega. The song was written by Vega, and produced by Mitchell Froom and Tchad Blake.
Background
"Book & a Cover" was one of two new songs to be recorded in 1998 and included on Vega's Tried & True: The Best of Suzanne Vega compilation album. The song was recorded and mixed at the Magic Shop, New York City. "Book & Cover" was released as the first single from Tried & True: The Best of Suzanne Vega in November 1998, followed by the other new song, "Rosemary (Remember Me)", in 1999.
For the 40th week in 1998 (September 28 to October 4), "Book & a Cover" was one of eleven tracks identified by Music & Media as being the "most added" to radio playlists across Europe. In the UK, BBC Radio 2 added the song to their B-List. The song reached No. 5 on the Music & Media "Major Market Airplay" chart for Poland in October 1998.
Speaking of the song's message in 1998, Vega described it as "fairly obvious" and "about not judging people by their appearance". The song's music video was directed by Geoff Moore and produced by Frank Linkoff for Black Dog Films.
Critical reception
Paul Sexton of Music & Media described "Book & a Cover" as "accessible". In a review of Tried & True: The Best of Suzanne Vega, Ted Mills of AllMusic praised the song as a "quality entry in Vega's songbook". Mike Devlin of the Times Colonist noted, "By including 15 of her best songs along with two new tracks, 'Book & a Cover' and 'Rosemary', this fine songstress shines strictly for the masses this time out." Diego Perugini of the Italian newspaper l'Unità described "Book & a Cover" and "Rosemary" as "two fresh, essential, melodic pieces".
Track listing
CD single
"Book & a Cover" – 3:49
"Tom's Diner" – 2:09
"As Girls Go" – 3:26
"Cracking" – 2:47
CD single (German release)
"Book & a Cover" – 3:49
"Tom's Diner" – 2:09
CD single (UK promo)
"Book & a Cover" – 3:49
Personnel
Book & a Cover
Suzanne Vega – vocals, acoustic guitar
Pete Thomas – drums
Ron Sexsmith – electric guitar
Mitchell Froom – keyboards
Production
Mitchell Froom – producer on "Book & a Cover" and "As Girls Go"
Tchad Blake – producer on "Book & a Cover", recording and mixing on "Book & a Cover" and "As Girls Go"
Lenny Kaye – producer of "Tom's Diner" and "Cracking"
Steve Addabbo – producer and engineer on "Tom's Diner" and "Cracking"
Rod O'Brien – engineer on "Tom's Diner"
Shelly Yakus – mixing on "Tom's Diner"
References
1998 songs
1998 singles
Suzanne Vega songs
Song recordings produced by Mitchell Froom
Song recordings produced by Tchad Blake
A&M Records singles
Sebastian Salbert better known as Rahim (born November 17, 1978, in Katowice) is a Polish rapper, producer and entrepreneur. He is the owner of record company MaxFloRec, the former member of groups such as 3xKlan, MZD, Erka and Paktofonika. Since 2003 He has been the one half of a duo Pokahontaz which he creates with Fokus. He has released several albums under his alter ego Straho.
In 2001 he, along with his then group Paktofonika, received the Polish music award Fryderyk in Album of the year - hip-hop category for their album Kinematografia. In 2011, magazine Machina classified him at number 25 on list of "30 best Polish rappers".
He has a younger brother, Minx, who is a beatboxer and won Polish championship in beatbox in 2007.
Biography
Sebastian Salbert was born on November 17, 1978, in Katowice, where he spent his early childhood. He moved out to Mikołów with his family later where he lives to this day. He began to be active as an artist in 1994 when he, along with Maczo, B.U.C and DJ Bambus, formed a group 3xKlan. In 1996, he produced two track for Kaliber 44's debut album Księga Tajemnicza. Prolog and rapped on a track "Psychodela". A year later, in 1997, 3xKlan released their debut and the only album Dom pełen drzwi which stylistically and lyrically was similar to Kaliber's debut. A few tracks from the album such as "Pozytywka" and "Łza wyobraźni" gained some popularity in Poland, peaking at Szczecińska Lista Przebojów chart. The album was also nominated for the Fryderyk award in category "Album of the year – rap & hip-hop". Subsequently, he was a part of short-lived projects eRKa and MZD.
In 1998, after the dissolution of 3xKlan, Rahim contacted with two rappers from Katowice: Magik and Fokus, and after a short period of time they created a new group Paktofonika. In April 2000, the group signed a contract with Gigant Records. On 18 December 2000, the debut album Kinematografia was released. Eight days after the release, Magik committed suicide by jumping out of the window. One year after the release of Kinematografia, Rahim decided to co-produce the album Zawieszeni w czasie i przestrzeni of side-project Pijani Powietrzem. The album was finally released on 2002. In September 2002, Paktofonika's second and final studio album Archiwum kinematografii, containing old Magik's verses, was released. Meanwhile, he was working on his studio album Experyment: PSYHO which eventually was released on November 17, 2002, under his alter ego name Straho.
In 2003, Paktofonika performed their last show at Spodek in Katowice and on the same day Rahim, along with Fokus and DJ Bambus, announced the start of the group Pokahontaz. In 2004 he founded his own record label MaxFloRec which is the continuation of MaxFloStudio which was opened in 1998. In April 2005, the group released their first studio album Receptura. The album was promoted with singles "Wstrząs dla mas", "Nie1", and "Cyfroni" and it debuted at number 3 on Polish OLiS chart. In 2006 he produced the debut album Miraż for hip-hop group Projektor.
On 2007, Rahim started collaborating with L.U.C, an alternative hip hop and nu jazz artist, and on October 19, 2007, they released their joint album Homoxymoronomatura. The album was promoted with singles "Hemoglobina" and "Nibyminipocieszne Psychomarionety". On November, the same year, Rahim released, as previously under his nickname Straho, his second studio album DynamoL. The album features guest appearances from rappers like Abradab, Grubson and the group Projektor.
A year later, he performed in a play "Szepty", directed by Jack Burban at Polish Theatre in Wrocław. In the same year, he released Homoxymoronomatura Live - a live version of Homoxymoronomatura. In 2010, Rahim released his debut studio album under his normal pseudonym. The album, titled Podróże po amplitudzie, was finally released on March 5, 2010. On December 6, 2010, a remix album of the album, titled Amplifikacja was released. The remixes were produced by producers such as: O.S.T.R, DiNO, Vixen and others.
On 2012, Rahim, along with Fokus, were focused on working on Jesteś Bogiem, a movie, directed by Leszek Dawid, which tells a story of Paktofonika. The movie was released on September 21, 2012, and received highly positive reviews. On October 19, Pokahontaz released their second studio album Rekontakt which debuted at number 2 on Polish OLiS chart.
Discography
Studio albums
Experyment: PSYHO (2002) (as Straho)
DynamoL (2007) (as Straho)
Podróże po amplitudzie (2010)
Amplifikacja (2010)
Collaboration albums
Homoxymoronomatura (2007) (with L.U.C)
Homoxymoronomatura Live (2008) (with L.U.C)
Optymistycznie (2015) (with Buka)
References
1978 births
Living people
Polish businesspeople
Musicians from Katowice
Polish rappers
Polish record producers
The Cadillac House is a hotel and restaurant located at 5502 Main Street in Lexington, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2018.
History
The village of Lexington was founded in about 1835. By the 1850s, it was a bustling port town, and new and larger accommodations were needed. In 1859, construction was started on the Cadillac House; although the history is murky, the first owner was likely Jeremiah Jenks, a Lexington local. The hotel opened on July 4, 1860. The hotel continued to be popular throughout the 19th century, first with people connected to the lumber and shipping trade, and then as a resort location. As the beginning of the 20th century came, industry in Lexington was largely gone, and the town relied on the tourist trade. By 1910, the Cadillac House was a seasonal hotel, open only in the warmer months. By 1940, the hotel was owned by PJ Rice, who renamed it the "Rice-Cadillac Hotel."
However, by the late 1950s, the resort trade in Lexington was in decline, as the automobile changed people's vacation and travel habits. Renting rooms at the Cadillac was discontinued in 1954 as the owners concentrated on the bar and restaurant. This business remained popular, and the Cadillac House was remodeled in the 1970s. In 2001, the Cadillac House was sold to Martin and Julia O'Brien, who continued to operate it until they sold it in 2016. The new owners restored the building to its original appearance, and reopened both the hotel and restaurant in 2018.
Description
The Cadillac House is a three-story, wood-framed Italianate structure. A two-story wing extends to the rear, with an adjacent one-story addition. The building is covered with clapboard siding trimmed with wood, A projecting bracketed cornice supports the eaves. A one-story porch runs across the entire front elevation, supported by square columns. The porch shelters a center entry door flanked by sidelights, with a transom above. To either side of the center door are French-style doors with glass transoms above and windows to the side. The roof of the porch serves as a balcony at the second floor level; the balcony is accessed by three doors separated by windows. There are five windows on the third floor. The windows in the upper stories are six-over-six double-hung units. The flat roof is topped by four brick chimneys and a windowed cupola.
On the interior, the first-floor houses a public restaurant and bar as well as the hotel lobby and a central stair. The upper floors contain a central corridor with hotel rooms on each side. There are twelve rooms on each floor.
References
External links
The Cadillac House
National Register of Historic Places in Sanilac County, Michigan
Italianate architecture in Michigan
Buildings and structures completed in 1860
Gateway Setup Assistant is a tool in Apple Computer's Mac OS X Server versions 10.4 and higher that guides users through setting up Mac OS X Server as an internet gateway.
The Gateway Setup Assistant assumes two network interfaces and will automatically configure the DHCP, NAT, firewall, DNS, and VPN services.
External links
Apple Product page
Apple documentation PDF
MacOS Server
A C-type lectin (CLEC) is a type of carbohydrate-binding protein domain known as a lectin. The C-type designation is from their requirement for calcium for binding. Proteins that contain C-type lectin domains have a diverse range of functions including cell-cell adhesion, immune response to pathogens and apoptosis.
Classification
Drickamer et al. classified C-type lectins into 7 subgroups (I to VII) based on the order of the various protein domains in each protein. This classification was subsequently updated in 2002, leading to seven additional groups (VIII to XIV). Most recently, three further subgroups were added (XV to XVII).
CLECs include:
CLEC1A, CLEC1B
CLEC2A, CLEC2B, CD69 (CLEC2C), CLEC2D, CLEC2L
CLEC3A, CLEC3B
CLEC4A, CLEC4C, CLEC4D, CLEC4E, CLEC4F, CLEC4G, ASGR1 (CLEC4H1), ASGR2 (CLEC4H2), FCER2 (CLEC4J), CD207 (CLEC4K), CD209 (CLEC4L), CLEC4M
CLEC5A
CLEC6A
CLEC7A
OLR1 (CLEC8A)
CLEC9A
CLEC10A
CLEC11A
CLEC12A, CLEC12B
CD302 (CLEC13A), LY75 (CLEC13B), PLA2R1 (CLEC13C), MRC1 (CLEC13D), MRC2 (CLEC13E)
CLEC14A
CLEC16A
CLEC17A
The "NK Cell lectin-like receptors" are a very closely related group:
KLRA1
KLRB1 (CLEC5B)
KLRC1, KLRC2, KLRC3, KLRC4
KLRD1
KLRF1 (CLEC5C)
KLRG1 (CLEC15A), KLRG2 (CLEC15B)
KLRK1
Additional proteins containing this domain include:
AGC1; ATRNL1
BCAN
CD248; CD72; CD93; CHODL; CL-K1-Ia; CL-K1-Ib; CL-K1-Ic; CLECSF5; COLEC10; COLEC11; COLEC12; CSPG3
FCER2; FREM1; HBXBP;
LAYN; LOC348174; LOC728276
MAFA; MBL2; MGC34761; MICL; MRC1L1
OLR1
PAP; PKD1; PKD1L2; PLA2R1; PRG2; PRG3
REG1A; REG1B; REG3A; REG3G; REG4
SELE; SELL; SELP; SFTPA1; SFTPA2; SFTPA2B; SFTPD; SRCL
THBD
VCAN
References
External links
Functional Glycomics Gateway, a collaboration between the Consortium for Functional Glycomics and Nature Publishing Group
Human proteins
Protein domains
Single-pass transmembrane proteins
The following lists events that happened during 1937 in Afghanistan.
The year is one of unusual quiet in this turbulent land. Motor traffic is extending, and various factory industries are being opened up. The trade with India through the frontier passes is considerable, exports being fruit, carpets, wool, and skins; imports, cotton and piece goods, metals, sugar, and tea.
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Zahir Shah
Prime Minister – Mohammad Hashim Khan
End of January 1937
The prime minister, Sardar Mohammad Hashim Khan, the uncle of the king, having gone to Berlin to undergo an operation, takes the opportunity before returning home to visit London, spending a week there as the guest of the government, and confirming Afghanistan's friendly relations with Britain.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Sphodromantis abessinica is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia and Somalia.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
Abessinica
Mantodea of Africa
Insects of Ethiopia
Insects of Somalia
Insects described in 1930
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1934–35 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1934–35
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Östra 1934–35
Division 2 Västra 1934–35
Division 2 Södra 1934–35
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Gerard Zaragoza Mulet (born 20 February 1982) is a Spanish professional football manager.
Career
Born in Sant Jaume d'Enveja, Tarragona, Catalonia, Zaragoza played youth football for EF Dertusa, FC Cambrils and Gimnàstic de Tarragona as a youth, but retired due to an injury. He started his career at the Escola de Veterans de Cambrils, and subsequently went on to work at the Catalonia national team, taking over the under-14 and under-16s while also working as a scout for the Qatari branch of the Aspire Academy.
In 2010, Zaragoza moved to the Senegal branch of the Aspire, being manager of the under-16s. In 2011 he returned to his home country, being named in charge of RCD Espanyol's Cadete squad.
Zaragoza moved abroad in September 2012, initially in the backroom staff of Georgian Erovnuli Liga 2 side FC Locomotive Tbilisi. He subsequently took over as manager in November, and led the club to the second position of the East group, achieving promotion to the top tier. In May 2013, he took over FC Torpedo Kutaisi of the Erovnuli Liga, leaving the club the following January.
On 20 March 2014, Zaragoza returned to his home country and was appointed manager of CF Amposta in the Primera Catalana. In July, he was named Michael Laudrup's assistant at Lekhwiya SC, but returned to Locomotive in October 2015.
Zaragoza left the Georgian side in October 2016, and immediately rejoined Laudrup's staff, now at Al-Rayyan SC. For 2018–19, he acted as Carles Cuadrat's assistant coach at Indian Super League side Bengaluru FC, ending the season as champions.
In November 2019, Zaragoza returned to the United Arab Emirates after being appointed manager of Shabab Al-Ahli Dubai FC's under-21s. The following 8 March, he was named first team manager until the end of the campaign, after the sacking of Rodolfo Arruabarrena.
Zaragoza made his debut as manager of Shabab Al-Ahli on 13 March 2020, in a 5–2 away defeat of Ajman Club. At the end of the year Zaragoza left the club after a poor start of the season despite only losing once.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tarragona
Spanish football managers
FC Torpedo Kutaisi managers
FC Lokomotivi Tbilisi managers
Panserraikos F.C. managers
UAE Pro League managers
Spanish expatriate football managers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Georgia (country)
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in India
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate football managers in Georgia (country)
Expatriate football managers in India
Expatriate football managers in Qatar
Expatriate football managers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate football managers in Greece
Ugnė Karvelis (13 June 1935 – 6 March 2002, in Paris, France) was a writer, a translator and a member of the UNESCO Executive Board from 1997 to 2002.
Biography
Karvelis was born in Noreikiškės, Kaunas district on 13 June 1935, to Lithuanian politician Petras Karvelis (1925-1929 Foreign Minister of Lithuania) and Veronika Bakštytė, a cultural activist. Following the 1940 incorporation of Lithuanie into the Soviet Union, the Karvelis family emigrated to Germany in 1944.
In 1940 Karvelis enrolled in Sacre Coeur, a private school in Berlin. She continued her studies at Kaunas Aušra Gymnasium (1943-1944) and Tübingen French school (1945-1950). Karvelis studied at the Sorbonne (1951-1952) and then in the international relations department at Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris from 1952 to 1956. Karvelis furthered her studies overseas at Columbia University in New York in the history and economics departments from 1957 to 1958.
In 1955 Karvelis began working for Express magazine in the international relations department. From 1959 to 1983 she worked as a publisher and editor for Editions Gallimard, beginning as an international department manager, and later managing the Latin America, Spain, Portugal and Eastern Europe departments. Thanks to her, many renowned writers such as Julio Cortázar (her partner between 1967 and 1970), Pablo Neruda, and Octavio Paz were published in France. Karvelis also worked as a literary critic publishing in Le Figaro and Le Monde.
In 1988 Karvelis visited Lithuania and in 1991 helped Lithuania to join UNESCO. In 1993 she became Lithuania's permanent delegate to UNESCO.
In 1991 Karvelis directed two documentary movies about Lithuania.
She translated many Lithuanian authors into French, most notably novels by Saulius Tomas Kondrotas (Gaze of the Viper )), Ričardas Gavelis, Bitė Vilimaitė, and Jurga Ivanauskaitė. She translated classic poems by Kristijonas Donelaitis, Maironis, Balys Sruoga, Salomėja Nėris, Vincas Mykolaitis-Putinas, and Jonas Aistis. Additionally she translated poems by modern authors: Marcelijus Martinaitis (Passerelle de nuages ), Eduardas Mieželaitis, Justinas Marcinkevičius, Sigitas Geda, Antanas A. Jonynas, Gintaras Patackas, and Almis Grybauskas among others.
Works of note
Demain, il n'y aura plus de trains, 1991, novel (, 1997).
References
External links
1935 births
2002 deaths
Lithuanian translators
Columbia University alumni
Permanent Delegates of Lithuania to UNESCO
Translators from Lithuanian
Translators to French
Lithuanian women diplomats
Lithuanian women ambassadors
20th-century Lithuanian women writers
20th-century Lithuanian writers
Julio Cortázar
20th-century translators
Kim Min-suk (also Kim Min-seok, ; born February 3, 1979) is a retired South Korean swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and backstroke events. He is a two-time Olympian (1996 and 2000), and a double medalist at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan.
Kim made his official debut, as a 17-year-old, at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He failed to reach the top 16 final in the 100 m backstroke, finishing in thirty-ninth place with a time of 58.43. He also placed fifteenth as a member of the South Korean team in the 4×200 m freestyle relay (7:45.98), and seventeenth in the 4×100 m medley relay (3:50.84).
At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Kim decided to experiment with the sprint freestyle, competing only in two swimming events. He posted FINA B-standards of 22.99 (50 m freestyle) and 51.14 (100 m freestyle) from the Dong-A Swimming Tournament in Ulsan. In the 100 m freestyle, Kim placed twenty-fourth on the morning's prelims. Swimming in heat six, he picked up a second spot by 0.21 of a second behind winner Peter Mankoč of Slovenia in a lifetime best of 50.49. Two days later, in the 50 m freestyle, Kim missed the semifinals by a small fraction of 0.02 seconds, finishing a tie with China's Jiang Chengji in a South Korean record of 22.82.
When his nation hosted the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, Kim won a total of two medals, one gold and one bronze. In the 50 m freestyle, Kim was delighted and overwhelmed by the home crowd, as he shared a gold medal with Uzbekistan's Ravil Nachaev in a matching time of 22.86, just 0.04 seconds outside his record from Sydney two years before. He also captured a bronze, along with his teammates Sung Min, Han Kyu-Chul, and Ko Yun-Ho, in the 4×100 m freestyle relay (3:23.58).
References
1979 births
Living people
South Korean male backstroke swimmers
Olympic swimmers of South Korea
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1998 Asian Games
Swimmers at the 2002 Asian Games
Swimmers at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in swimming
South Korean male freestyle swimmers
Swimmers from Seoul
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Tammelin is the surname of the following people:
Bertha Tammelin (1836–1915), Swedish actress
Gabriel Tammelin (1641–1698), Finnish vicar and translator
Lars Tammelin (1669–1733), Finnish mathematician
Lars-Erik Tammelin (1923–1991), Swedish chemist
Matti Tammelin (1926–1998), Finnish boxer
See also
Tammelinn, neighbourhood of Tartu, Estonia
Finnish-language surnames
were regiments of the Imperial Japanese Army raised from high school students in territories occupied by the Empire of Japan, such as Korea, China, Malaya, Burma, and the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia).
Structure and training
In the Gakutotai command structure, a high school became a chutai (company). Each class became a shotai (section) and every class was further divided into butai (squads). There were differences in the training of male and female students. Male students received more rigorous training, such as physical education, shooting, military tactics, and all the basic military training needed to create model soldiers for the Japanese war effort. They were also given mock Arisaka rifles (mokujū) for their training, while class leaders were given wooden dummy swords (bokken) like the commanders of the Imperial Japanese Army. Training for female students was physically less demanding, revolving around emergency medicine, preparing mess, and gathering enemy military intelligence.
See also
Boeitai
Himeyuri students
Volunteer Fighting Corps
References
Child soldiers in World War II
Civilians in war
Imperial Japanese Army
Japanese occupation of the Dutch East Indies
Justin-Michael "Ikaika" Anderson (born February 5, 1978) is an American politician from the state of Hawaii and a member of the Democratic Party. Anderson formerly served as chair and presiding officer of the Honolulu City Council and councilmember for the Honolulu County's District 3 (which includes Waimānalo, Kailua and Kāneʻohe). He is a past vice chair and former chair of its Zoning and Planning Committee.
In September 2020, Anderson resigned from the Honolulu City Council to care for his grandparents, although he faced some criticism for taking a full-time job with Local 630 soon after resigning. While Anderson announced on September 9 that his resignation would be effective September 23, he had been working for Local 630 part-time since September 1.
In October 2021, Anderson announced his candidacy for lieutenant governor in the 2022 elections. He previously announced his intention to run for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives (Hawaii's 1st congressional district) in the 2014 election but was defeated in the primary election by Mark Takai.
Early life
Anderson was born on Oahu and raised on the windward side of the island by his single mother, Kim. His grandfather, Whitney and his grand-uncle. D.G. "Andy" Anderson, both served in both chambers of the Hawaii state legislature. Though Anderson was adopted by his grandparents at two years of age, he was collectively raised by his grandparents and mother as hānai, a custom in Hawaii.
He attended and graduated from Kamehameha Schools and attended the University of Hawaii at Manoa. He earned Bachelor of Arts degrees in journalism and political science.
Political career
While attending the University of Hawaii at Manoa, Anderson served on the Associated Students of the University of Hawaii (ASUH) Senate. While attending the University of Hawaii, Anderson was the assistant committee clerk for the Hawaii House of Representatives' Judiciary Committee. He worked as a clerk for five legislative sessions.
Anderson launched two unsuccessful Hawaii state legislature attempts. He was elected to the Honolulu City Council in a 2009 special election for the seat of the late Barbara Marshall. Anderson served as Marshall's legislative assistant and she mentored his political career. He was endorsed by Cliff Ziems, Marshall's husband, to succeed her seat on the city council. He was sworn into office on May 27, 2009. Anderson was a member of Honolulu's Agricultural Development Task Force and was the vice chair of the council as well as the chair of the Zoning and Planning Committee prior to being chair.
He won his reelection in 2012 with about 64 percent of the vote.
In June 2012, the Honolulu Ethics Commission issued a "stern advisory opinion" for Anderson's behavior during a parking incident in December 2010.
In August 2013, Anderson announced he would seek the democratic nomination for the U.S. House of Representatives for Hawaii's 1st congressional district, which encompasses the urban core of Honolulu. In the 2014 Democratic primary, Anderson received 6.7 percent of the votes, with the nomination going to Mark Takai.
In October 2015, the Honolulu Ethics Commission dismissed complaints against Anderson and other councilmembers over "claims that they failed to disclose gifts from lobbyists before taking critical rail votes."
In May 2018, Anderson (who was chair of the Honolulu City Council's Planning Committee at the time), introduced a bill to demolish large homes built without proper permitting in residential communities. The bill was signed in to temporary law for two years on March 13, 2018, putting a moratorium on the homes.
In May 2019, Anderson was unanimously elected as Chair of the Honolulu City Council.
In August 2019, Anderson introduced a resolution to the city council that would allow voters to decide on the elimination of the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation. The bill was deferred.
In May 2019, it was announced that Anderson is in the process of drafting a tax on vacant properties.
Personal life
Anderson is a single father and caretaker for his ʻohana. He has four children: Tianni, JW and twins Kaleb and Kaili.
References
External links
Ikaika for Hawaii official campaign site
Official page at the Honolulu City Council
Biography at Ballotpedia
1978 births
21st-century American politicians
Hawaii Democrats
Hawaiian adoptees (hānai)
Honolulu City Council members
Kamehameha Schools alumni
Living people
Native Hawaiian people
Native Hawaiian politicians
University of Hawaiʻi alumni
Geronimo (1829–1909) was a Chiricahua Apache leader.
Geronimo may also refer to:
Places in the United States
Geronimo, Arizona
Geronimo, Oklahoma, a town
Geronimo, Texas, an unincorporated community and census-designated place
Geronimo Creek, Texas
People
Geronimo (name), a list of people with the given name or surname
Saint Francis de Geronimo (1642–1716), Jesuit priest and missionary who was canonized by Gregory XVI in 1839
Don Geronimo (born 1958), stage name of radio personality Michael Sorce
Mic Geronimo, stage name of American hip-hop rapper Michael McDermon (born 1973)
Arts and entertainment
Fictional characters
Geronimo (Kinnikuman), in the Kinnikuman manga series
Geronimo, the figurehead of the resistance in Colony
Fatz Geronimo, in The Rock-afire Explosion, an animatronic robot band that played in Showbiz Pizza Place
Geronimo Stilton, in the children's book series with the same title
Films
Geronimo (1939 film), starring Chief Thundercloud
Geronimo (1962 film), starring Chuck Connors
Geronimo (1993 film), starring Joseph Runningfox
Geronimo (2014 film), a French film
Geronimo: An American Legend, a 1993 film starring Wes Studi, Matt Damon, Robert Duvall, and Gene Hackman
Music
"Geronimo" (The Shadows song), a 1963 song by the Shadows
"Geronimo" (Aura Dione song), a 2011 song by Danish singer-songwriter Aura Dione
"Geronimo" (Sheppard song), a 2014 song by Australian band Sheppard
"Geronimo", a 1953 song by Les Elgart And His Orchestra
"Geronimo", a 1971 reggae single by Bruce Ruffin
"Geronimo", a 1956 song by the Four Voices
"Geronimo", a 1970 song by Symarip as the Pyramids
Ships
Geronimo (yacht), a French trimaran
, two US Navy tugs
, a World War II Liberty ship
Other uses
Geronimo (alpaca), the subject of a failed campaign to prevent his euthanisation
Geronimo (exclamation), traditionally used by a parachutist upon jumping from an airplane
Operation Geronimo (disambiguation), several military operations
Forward Operating Base Geronimo, a US Marine Corps base in Afghanistan
"Geronimo", the codename for Osama bin Laden during Operation Neptune's Spear
Apache Geronimo, an open source application server developed by the Apache Software Foundation
Geronimo FM, a radio station in Indonesia
Geronimo Motor Company, an American vehicle manufacturer which produced the Geronimo automobile from 1917 to 1920
See also
San Geronimo (disambiguation)
San Jerónimo (disambiguation)
Maicon Souza may refer to:
Maicon (footballer, born 1985), full name Maicon Thiago Pereira de Souza, Brazilian football midfielder
Maicon Souza (footballer) (born 1989), Brazilian football midfielder
Alois Christian Knoll (born 19 March 1961 in Stuttgart) is German computer scientist and professor at the TUM Department of Informatics at the Technical University of Munich (TUM). He is head of the Chair of Robotics, Artificial Intelligence and Real-Time Systems and known for seminal contributions to Human–Robot-Interaction, Neurorobotics and Autonomous Systems.
Biography
Alois Knoll received his diploma in electrical engineering/communications engineering from the University of Stuttgart in 1985. In 1988, he received his doctorate summa cum laude from the Technical University of Berlin. He was a member of the Department of Computer Science of the TU Berlin from 1985 to 1993 and received his habilitation in computer science in 1993. He was then appointed full professor at Bielefeld University, where he was the founding director of the Computer Engineering Group (Chair) until 2001. Between 2001 and 2004, he was a group leader and a member of the steering committee of the Fraunhofer Institute for Autonomous Intelligent Systems FhG-AIS. Since 2001, he has been a professor at the Department of Computer Science at the Technical University of Munich. In 2009, he was co-founder and from then on scientific director of the state research institute fortiss until 2018. Between 2007 and 2009 he was a member of ISTAG, the Information Society Technologies Advisory Group, the EU's highest ICT advisory committee. He was also a member of the ISTAG's subcommittee on Future and Emerging Technologies, the working group that defined the European flagship projects and a co-author of that group's initial report. From 2011 to 2021, he was Program Principal Investigator at TUMCREATE in Singapore and head of the Area-Interlinking Design Analysis group. Between 2017 and 2021 he was a visiting professor at the School of Computer Science and Engineering (SCSE) at Nanyang Technological University NTU in Singapore. Since 2013, he has been leading the Neurorobotics subproject of the European ICT flagship project Human Brain Project HBP and has led the development of the Neurorobotics Platform of the HBP, which is part of EBRAINS, the digital research infrastructure, created by the HBP. From 2019 to 2020, he was also Chief Digital Officer at Siemens Mobility Intelligent Traffic Systems.
Research
Knoll's substantial contributions to Human-Robot-Interaction include the development of concepts, theories and–for proving their engineering significance–real robot systems that allowed the fusion of human communication modalities, including natural language, speech, vision and finger pointing as well as gaze, in order to enable to robot to "cognize" and reason about the intention of the human. He also introduced user-studies to explore the effects of robot behavior on humans and on optimal human-robot cooperation patterns, but also to find out how insights from neuroscience can be used to make robots learn faster and how they can be designed to interact with humans in order to maximize efficient cooperation. This work paved the way for a great number of ensuing projects dedicated to advanced human-robot cooperation heavily based on large sensor sets, sensor data fusion and advanced cognitive skills.
Specialising in the field of cognitive robotics and AI integration, he was a proposer/co-proposer of the biggest and most advanced research projects in Europe, has published more than 900 peer-reviewed papers, educated thousands of students, and supervised 80 PhD students to date. He has served on the editorial boards of several journals in the field, and he is editor-in-chief of Frontiers in Neurorobotics. Together with George A. Bekey, in 1999, he initiated the IEEE conference series on humanoid robotics and was the program chair of the first conference Humanoids2000. With Toshio Fukuda and others, he helped create the IEEE conference series on Cyborgs and Bionic systems. He is also a Distinguished Lecturer in the IEEE Robotics and Automation Society.
Selected publications
References
External links
Alois C. Knoll at TUM
Alois C. Knoll' research group at TUM
Google Scholar Profile
1961 births
Living people
Scientists from Stuttgart
German computer scientists
Technical University of Munich faculty
University of Stuttgart alumni
Technical University of Berlin alumni
Bielefeld University alumni
Sam Weller Widdowson (16 April 1851 – 9 May 1927) was an English sportsman of the Victorian era. He played cricket for Nottinghamshire and association football for Nottingham Forest and also played once for the England national football team, against Scotland in 1880. Widdowson is also credited with inventing football shin pads in 1874 when he cut down a pair of cricket pads and strapped them outside his stockings. Initially, the concept was ridiculed but it soon caught on with other players, and shin pads are now required by the Laws of the Game. He later became a football referee and was in charge of the first ever match in which goal nets were used. He was Nottingham Forest chairman from 1879 to 1884.
References
1851 births
1927 deaths
People from Hucknall
English footballers
English cricketers
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
England international footballers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
English football referees
Association footballers not categorized by position
Giovanni di Lorenzo (; born 9 March 1959) is an Italian-German journalist. Editor-in-chief (since 2004) of German nationwide weekly newspaper Die Zeit and former editor-in-chief of Berlin's liberal daily newspaper Der Tagesspiegel (1999–2004; has since retained the position of publisher). Additionally di Lorenzo is a prominent talk show host for the Radio Bremen show 3nach9 airing monthly on NDR.
Biography
Giovanni di Lorenzo was born 9 March 1959, in Stockholm, Sweden to a German mother and an Italian father. He spent his early childhood in Rimini and Rome, Italy. After his parents' separation, he and his mother moved to Hanover, Germany. He is a citizen of both Germany and Italy.
At the age of 15, upon seeing an episode of 3nach9 (transl. 3 past 9, named after its regular airing time) on the family's first black-and-white TV-set, di Lorenzo allegedly announced his wish to someday host the show. Today, after nearly 16 years on the job, di Lorenzo is the longest serving host on 3nach9.
In Hanover di Lorenzo attended the Ratsgymnasium and the Tellkampfschule, from which he graduated in 1979. During his senior year of high school, an internship at Hanover's daily newspaper Neue Presse prompted di Lorenzo to pursue a career in journalism. He continued working for Neue Presse until 1982. It was there where he met his future mentor Michael Radtke. His first article was published under the pseudonym Hans Lorentz, because the editor in charge believed his name to be a pen name and felt it sounded too construed.
Di Lorenzo attended Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, where he majored in communication studies, modern history, and political science. His Master's thesis was entitled Strategy and Ascent of Private Television in Italy Exemplified by the Networks of Silvio Berlusconi (orig.: Strategie und Aufstieg des Privatfernsehens in Italien am Beispiel der Networks von Silvio Berlusconi) and earned him the highest possible grade.
Personal life
Di Lorenzo is a passionate cook. Learning how to cook, he stated, was an "act of self-defense," as his mother was not particularly talented in the kitchen. After their move to Hanover, di Lorenzo quickly felt the need to emulate his father, who is also a good cook. Because of his demanding work schedule, he now often lacks time to go about his hobby, something he deeply regrets. From 2005 to 2015 he had a relationship with Sabrina Staubitz (*1968), their daughter was born in 2008.
Di Lorenzo is a citizen of both Germany and Italy. In the aftermath of the European Parliament election on 25 May 2014, he said on a talk show that he had voted twice, once in the Italian consulate and again in a local German school. It was quickly pointed out to him that every EU citizen was allowed only one vote, and that he effectively admitted to voter fraud on national television. He soon made a statement that he was unaware of the law in this case (even though Die Zeit ran an article pointing it out just days earlier) and apologized.
Other activities
Reporters Without Borders Germany, Member of the Board of Trustees
Hamburger Theaterfestival, Member of the Board of Trustees
Federal Chancellor Helmut Schmidt Foundation, Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2017)
Hildegard-von-Bingen-Preis für Publizistik, Member of the Board of Trustees
Institute for Media and Communication Policy (IfM), Member of the Board of Trustees
M100 Sanssouci Colloquium, Member of the Board
ZEIT-Stiftung, Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2010)
Awards
2006 Medienpreis für Sprachkultur – category press
2005 Ischia International Journalism Award
2001 Preis der europäischen Presse – RAI/Radiotelevisione Italiana
2001 Goldene Feder for his work as editor-in-chief of Der Tagesspiegel
2001 München leuchtet
1993 Theodor-Wolff-Preis
1992 Bambi
1986 Adolf-Grimme-Preis
References
External links
DIE ZEIT online
Der Tagesspiegel online
3nach9 online
German male journalists
German journalists
German newspaper journalists
20th-century German journalists
21st-century German journalists
German people of Italian descent
1959 births
Living people
German television personalities
German television talk show hosts
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
German male writers
Süddeutsche Zeitung people
Die Zeit editors
Der Tagesspiegel people
Radio Bremen people
Recipients of Ischia International Journalism Award
Colonel Alberto Larraguibel Morales (May 30, 1919 – April 12, 1995) was a Chilean Army officer born in Angol, Chile. He remains as the record holder for highest jump, one of the longest-running unbroken sport records in history – years .
Biography
He was born on May 30, 1919.
Then-Captain Larraguibel broke the equestrian high jump record at , riding Huaso, formerly called "Faithful", at the Official International Event in Viña del Mar, Chile on February 5, 1949. The Committee of Records ratified this record on May 28, 1949, and stated that a height of at least must be cleared to beat it.
Larraguibel died in Santiago, Chile at the age of 75.
References
1919 births
1995 deaths
Chilean Army officers
Chilean male equestrians
Chilean people of Basque descent
Show jumping riders
People from Angol
Pan American Games gold medalists for Chile
Pan American Games medalists in equestrian
Sports world record holders
Equestrians at the 1951 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1951 Pan American Games
Nowe Lipki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References
Nowe Lipki
Snowshoe Lake is a small alpine lake located in the Cabinet Mountains in northwestern Montana. It is within the boundaries of Kaniksu National Forest. Snowshoe Peak overlooks the lake. Granite Lake and Leigh Lake are also located nearby.
References
Lakes of Montana
Bandar Meru Raya (Jawi: بندر مرو راي) is a new township in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia. It is located between Jelapang and Chemor.
The township includes various new shops, a shopping mall, a bus and taxi terminal, and the Tenby International School. Located across the North-South Highway from Jelapang, Meru Raya is set to also house over 10 government buildings, including those for the Ministry of Home Affairs, Perak Foundation, Forestry Department, National Audit Department, Malaysia Anti-Corruption Agency, Ministry of Home Affairs and the National Archives of Malaysia.
References
Bandar Meru Raya Website
Bandar Meru Raya Community
Bandar Meru Raya News
Populated places in Perak
Ipoh
Harry 'Hughie' Melville (1929-1965) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s and was a two time premiership winning player with St. George.
Playing career
A local junior and the son of the former Glebe forward Bill Melville, Melville played for St. George for seven seasons between 1949 and 1952 and between 1955 and 1957. He was a two time premiership winning player with the Dragons. He was a member of the playing squad in 1949 Grand Final, played in the 1956 Grand Final, scoring a try in that match, and was a member of the squad for the 1957 Grand Final. He played 137 games for St. George Dragons in all grades during his career.
Melville's place in the team was taken at the signing of champion forward, Harry Bath, and he retired from St. George soon afterward.
He died at the relatively young age of 35 on 6 January 1965.
References
St. George Dragons players
Australian rugby league players
1929 births
1965 deaths
Rugby league second-rows
Lake Isabel is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Isabel is northeast of Battlement Mountain and northwest of Vigil Peak. Located in a remote region of Glacier National Park, Lake Isabel is a roundtrip hike from Two Medicine Lakes.
See also
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)
References
Isabel
Isabel
Dobriljevo (Cyrillic: Добриљево) is a village in the City of Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 530.
References
Populated places in Zenica
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 in season 1986.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1986
Division 2 Södra 1986
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Tatsuno, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Harima-Shingū Station is served by the Kishin Line, and is located 22.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform and one island platform connected by an elevated station building. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Harima-Shingū Station opened on July 11, 1932. With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987, the station came under the aegis of the West Japan Railway Company.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 1246 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Tatsuno City Shingū General Branch (former: Shingū Town Hall)
Shingū Miyauchi Site
Ibo River
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Station Official Site
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
Kishin Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1932
Tatsuno, Hyōgo
The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Act 1965, was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which amended the existing legislation controlling the registration system of births, deaths and marriages in Scotland founded in 1855. The Act set out the roles, responsibilities and functions of the Registrar General for Scotland, and the ability of the Registrar-General to appoint other Registrars. The Act also provides for a yearly report to be published by the Registrar-General delineating annual trends in Scotland's population - including estimated population size, birth rates, death rates and migration rates to be presented to Scottish Ministers.
The Act has been substantially amended in many areas with succeeding legislation, such as the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973, the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1977, the Adoption (Scotland) Act 1978, the British Nationality Act 1981 and the Scotland Act 1998. The Scotland Act transferred overall control of the Registrar General for Scotland and the General Register Office for Scotland from the Scottish Office to the Scottish Executive- the devolved government of Scotland. However many of the central functions of the General Register Office for Scotland continue to be governed by the Act.
See also
Demographics of Scotland
Scottish People
Politics of Scotland
General Register Office for Scotland
References
External links
General Register Office for Scotland
Official government source for Scottish genealogy
UK Legislation
Text of the Act (with subsequent amendments)
1965 in law
1965 in Scotland
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning Scotland
Archives in Scotland
Death in Scotland
Demographics of Scotland
Scottish genealogy
Marriage, unions and partnerships in Scotland
Identity documents of the United Kingdom
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1965
Vital statistics (government records)
Orzeszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Miedzna, north-east of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Paulius Grybauskas (born 2 June 1984 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian retired football goalkeeper.
Honours
Club
Ekranas
Lithuanian League: 2005
Lithuanian Supercup: 2006
Oțelul Galați
UEFA Intertoto Cup: 2007
Neftchi Baku
Azerbaijan League: 2011–12
International
Lithuania
Baltic Cup: 2010
References
External links
Profile at otelul-galati.ro
1984 births
Living people
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Vilnius
FC Vilnius players
FK Ekranas players
ASC Oțelul Galați players
Wigry Suwałki players
FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk players
Skonto FC players
FK Riteriai players
FK Sūduva Marijampolė players
A Lyga players
Liga I players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Latvian Higher League players
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
Neftçi PFK players
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Angus Reid (born December 17, 1947) is a Canadian entrepreneur, pollster, and sociologist. He is the chairman of the Angus Reid Institute and CEO and founder of Angus Reid Global. He is director of the Reid Campbell Group which operates Rival Technologies and Reach 3 Insights.
He has written numerous columns on economic, social, and political issues, as well as the best-seller Shakedown: How the New Economy is Changing our Lives (1996).
He is a recipient of a Canada Council Doctoral Fellowship, the Entrepreneur of the Year award for the Pacific Region in the "services" Category, and was inducted into the Marketing Hall of Legends in 2010. In 1996, he received an honorary Ll.D. degree from the University of Manitoba. He has also been awarded honorary doctorates from Simon Fraser University (2003) and Carleton University (2008).
Personal life and education
Reid was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, on December 17, 1947.
Enrolled at the University of Manitoba Faculty of Arts, he earned both his B.A. in sociology and history in 1969 and his M.A. in Sociology in 1971. Subsequently, in 1974, he received a Ph.D. in sociology from Carleton University in Ottawa. Following his doctoral thesis on the professional socialization of dental students, he took on a position at the University of Manitoba's Faculty of Medicine.
Reid currently resides in West Vancouver, British Columbia, with his wife Margaret. He has a son, Andrew, and a daughter, Jennifer, and five grandchildren.
Career
From 1974 to 1980, Reid held an appointment in the University of Manitoba's Faculty of Medicine, Department of Social and Preventive Medicine.
In 1979, he founded Angus Reid Group, Inc., a market research supplier that grew into the largest research firm in Canada, with revenues of $60 million. He remained CEO until 2001, selling the organization to Ipsos SA in 2000 to later operate as Ipsos-Reid. Operations in Canada still continue under the name Ipsos as the Canadian arm of the global Ipsos Group.
In 2004, he became CEO of Vision Critical, his son Andrew's research software development startup. Shortly after, he created Angus Reid Strategies (which integrated with Vision Critical) to apply Vision Critical's technologies to market research. In 2011, Angus Reid became the chairman at Vision Critical.
In 2014, Reid retired from Vision Critical to found the Angus Reid Institute, a not-for-profit organization dedicated to the advancement of public opinion research in Canada on critical social, economic and policy issues. And in February 2019, he returned from retirement to launch Angus Reid Global, a new market research and opinion polling firm serving businesses and organizations across Canada and around the globe.
Philanthropy
Reid is the founder and chairman of the Angus Reid Institute, a federally-incorporated charitable foundation dedicated to the measurement and advancement of public opinion in Canada on critical social, economic, and policy issues. Funded by Reid, the Angus Reid Institute attempts to fill a gap between the need for data on public opinion and declining support for non-partisan research among traditional sponsors such as the media and government. The organization leans more to the left on socio-political issues
In 2010, Reid became a major funder and co-founder of the R. James Travers Foreign Corresponding Fellowship, based in Ottawa. This initiative provides $25,000 per year in funding for a foreign correspondent to pursue a major story of interest to Canada.
Since 2011, he has been the founder and major funder for the Monarca Foundation, a Canadian registered charity dedicated to helping families with emergency food, medical supplies, and schooling in Mexico. Additionally, Reid was a major donor for the Blusson Spinal Care Center at Vancouver General Hospital in 2010, and St. Paul's High School in Winnipeg in 2001 and 2014.
Reid was the chair of the CKNW Orphans Fund between 2002 and 2007 as well as the founding chair between 2002 and 2005 at the Canada Institute: Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington, D.C., where he now serves as a member of the advisory board.
Reid was also a board member of the Rick Hansen Foundation between 2002 and 2008, the Norman Paterson School of International Affairs at Carleton University in 2010, and Nestle Canada between 1991 and 2003. Reid was also director at Canada 125 in 1992, Care Canada between 1990 and 1992, and the Public Policy Forum between 2006 and 2008.
Angus Reid Institute
The Angus Reid Institute is a national not-for-profit public opinion research organization that provides information on Canadian issues and trends affecting social, economic, public administration, governance, domestic and foreign policy. Based in Vancouver, British Columbia, it has the status of a registered charity in Canada.
Founded in October 2014 by Angus Reid, the Institute commissions, researches and disseminates original impartial statistical public opinion polling and policy analysis. It makes this information available through its website, publications, news media, consultants, social media channels, and its partners.
In fall 2016, the Angus Reid Institute and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation partnered for a nationwide polling project. Stories from the study included Canadian views of multiculturalism in 2016, Quebec's diminished desire for separatism, and the lower levels of pride among Canadian millennials.
Angus Reid also published a column discussing the perceptions and realities of multiculturalism in Canada.
Angus Reid Global
Angus Reid (formerly Angus Reid Global) is a market research company serving the research intelligence needs of businesses and organizations across North America.
Launched in June 2019, the company is Reid's latest business venture.
With offices in Vancouver, British Columbia, and Toronto, Ontario, Angus Reid offers a suite of data collection tools to measure public opinion and consumer attitudes and behaviors on a variety of topics. Central to that is the Angus Reid Forum, a web-based public-opinion community of thousands of respondents in Canada and the United States who answer questions and surveys on various topics.
Angus Reid employs a cross-section of experts in the fields of panel management, market and opinion research, and data solutions offering research services for businesses, brands, governments, not-for-profit organizations, and others.
Angus Reid Public Opinion
Angus Reid Public Opinion was a public affairs practice arm of Vision Critical, a software development company that creates online research tools. It was established in 2006 under the name Angus Reid Strategies.
Located at Vision Critical's headquarters in Vancouver, Angus Reid Public Opinion conducted regional, national and multi-country research. Angus Reid polls were conducted using the Angus Reid Forum, Springboard America, and Springboard UK online panels. Angus Reid Public Opinion used technology created by Vision Critical to send surveys on political and social issues that panelists can respond to from their computers, tablet, or smartphone.
References
External links
Angus Reid Institute website
Official biography at University of Manitoba
Timeline of Angus Reid's life
Living people
1947 births
People from Regina, Saskatchewan
Canadian chief executives
Canadian philanthropists
Canadian sociologists
Market researchers
University of Manitoba alumni
Carleton University alumni
Pollsters
Siékorolé is a village and seat of the commune of Séré Moussa Ani Samou in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 20 km northwest of Yanfolila.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
George Philip Stewart Macpherson CBE (16 October 1903 – 2 March 1981) also known as GPS Macpherson was a Scottish rugby union footballer who played for Scotland in 26 tests between 1922 and 1932.
Early life
Macpherson was born in Newtonmore in Badenoch, Scotland, one of seven children of Sir Thomas Stewart Macpherson CIE LLD and Helen, the daughter of the Reverend Archibald Borland Cameron. His father's brother was the first Baron Strathcarron and one of his own brothers, Niall, was also raised to the peerage as Baron Drumalbyn. Another brother was Sir Ronald Thomas Stewart Macpherson.
He attended Fettes College in Edinburgh. From there he attended Oriel College, Oxford. At Oxford University, his rugby talents saw him selected for Oxford University RFC.
International rugby
It was from there he was first selected for Scotland in 1922 when he played in all four of Scotland's Five Nations matches. He next played for Scotland in 1924, and scored his first international try against Wales on 2 February that year. He only played one other international that year—a Calcutta Cup match against England national rugby union team.
The following year Macpherson was selected as Scotland's captain. As captain, he took Scotland to their first ever Five Nations Grand Slam—that is, wins over England, Wales, Ireland and France in one season. The first match of the season was against France at Inverleith on 25 January. MacPherson was one of the most influential members of the team that eventually won 25–4. Scotland's next match was against Wales in which Macpherson also played. The match was played away in Swansea and Scotland eventually won 24–14 after leading 24–5 at one point. Macpherson did not play against Ireland, where Scotland still won 14–8. MacPherson returned for Scotland's last match of the tournament against England. The match was played at Murrayfield Stadium which had just been completed. It was played in front on 70,000 spectators. After trailing England 11–5, Scotland scored a try that involved several players, including Macpherson to reduce the deficit to 11–10. After a drop goal Scotland took a 14–11 lead. They held their lead to win their first ever Grand Slam.
Macpherson missed the 1926 Five Nations Championship while studying for a year at Yale in the US, but returned in 1927 and continued to play for Scotland until the conclusion of the 1931/32 season. With Scotland he shared the 1927 Five Nations Championships with Ireland, and won the Championship outright in 1929. The only match he ever played against a touring southern hemisphere team was against South Africa in 1932.
Retirement
Macpherson became vice president of merchant bank Kleinwort Benson between 1961 and 1969.
Macpherson received an Honorary Doctorate from Heriot-Watt University in 1971.
In 2001, Macpherson was selected in Scotland's all-time greatest XV. He was also selected as Scotland's greatest ever attacking player. The selection was made via a poll conducted by Scottish Rugby Magazine and The Herald. In 2002 he was also inducted into the Scottish Sports Hall of Fame.
References
Massie, Allan A Portrait of Scottish Rugby (Polygon, Edinburgh; )
MACPHERSON, George Philip Stewart, Who Was Who, A & C Black, 1920–2015; online edn, Oxford University Press, 2014
1903 births
1981 deaths
20th-century Scottish businesspeople
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
Barbarian F.C. players
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Oxford University RFC players
People educated at Fettes College
Rugby union centres
Rugby union players from Highland (council area)
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish accountants
Scottish rugby union players
Mable Burton Ringling (March 14, 1875 – June 8, 1929) was an art collector who with her husband created the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art.
Biography
She was born in Moons, Ohio on March 14, 1875. She had four sisters and one brother. Mable left her Ohio factory job and headed to Chicago in pursuit of a husband. There in Chicago, she met John Nicholas Ringling. They wed in Hoboken, New Jersey when Mable was 30 and John was 39 years old. John and Mabel, in 1924, began the creation of their dream home in Sarasota, Florida. They called the house Cà d'Zan, meaning 'House of John'. Mable, however, played a much larger role in the creation of the home. In fact, the blueprints were titled Mrs. John Ringling's Home. Two years and one and a half million dollars later the home was finished. Mable hand picked items for her home at estate auctions and on her travels to Europe. She filled the home with Venetian style decor and several shades of green, because green was her favorite color. Her rose garden was her passion, and she chose to have her room face her beloved rose garden rather than face the Sarasota Bay. John and Mabel never had children, but they had a passion for their animals. Mable had gates installed in the home, so the pets could roam through the house while being kept out of the eating areas. She died on June 8, 1929, at the age of fifty-four due to Addison's Disease and Diabetes. In 1991, John and Mable Ringling and his sister, Ida Ringling North, were moved and buried at the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art, just in front and to the right of the Ca d'Zan. It is behind the Secret Garden.
References
1875 births
1929 deaths
American art collectors
Shut In is a 2022 American thriller film directed by D.J. Caruso, written by Melanie Toast, and starring Rainey Qualley, Jake Horowitz, Luciana VanDette and Vincent Gallo. Shut In is The Daily Wire's first original film and their third to be released on their streaming platform (now DailyWire+).
The Daily Wire hosted a special viewing for the film (an original first), at 9 pm E.T. on February 10, 2022 on the company's YouTube channel. The film received mixed reviews from critics.
Plot
Young mother of two Jessica Nash is in the midst of fixing up the closet of her late mother's house (that she inherited) so that she can sell it and move. However, she accidentally gets stuck. She tries to get her young daughter Lainey to help her get out, but Lainey is unable to bring her the key. Jessica's ex-boyfriend Rob shows up with his friend Sammy, and Rob gets her out. However, Jessica is furious with Rob for bringing Sammy, a pedophile, to her house. Sammy manipulates Rob into getting him to put Jessica back into the closet before they leave. However, Sammy later breaks in.
Jessica manages to trick Sammy into reaching under the closet door, where she nails his hand to the ground with a screwdriver that Lainey brought her earlier, trapping Sammy next to her. She yells for Lainey to stay upstairs with her baby brother Mason, but Lainey comes downstairs. Sammy grabs Lainey and threatens to assault her if Jessica doesn't free him, but Jessica sets his hand on fire. This makes Sammy let Lainey go without hurting her. Although Jessica is forced to put out the fire so she doesn't suffocate herself, Sammy's hand is severely burned and mutilated, and it appears as though Sammy is dead.
Jessica removes the screwdriver so she can escape by crawling through the ceiling onto the second story. She brings Lainey and Mason to the car, but it starts to rain heavily, so Jessica lets her kids go back inside while she gets the door open. However, Sammy is still alive and he grabs the kids. Jessica runs back inside, but Sammy has a knife to Mason's throat.
Rob arrives with a gun and shoots Sammy in the head, and he and Jessica try to reconcile. However, Jessica realizes that Rob will always put his drugs before her and their children, so she slips him three grams of crystal meth. Rob overdoses, but before he dies he tries to force Jessica to do drugs, and she pushes him out a window to his death.
Some time later, Jessica and her kids are shown in the house, now cleaned up, making and selling her own apple butter (inspired by her mother's recipe) and mostly happy.
Cast
Production
Producers Dallas Sonnier and Amanda Presmyk acquired the film's script in 2018 from screenwriter Melanie Toast. Toast's screenplay was featured on the 2019 Black List. The film was initially slated to be produced by New Line Cinema with Jason Bateman attached as the director. After a period of stasis, the film's option expired and Sonnier opted to take it to The Daily Wire.
The Daily Wire revealed Vincent Gallo's casting in the film on December 1, 2021. This marks Gallo's first feature-film role since 2013. His last role was as Harold Marcus in Human Trust.
Reception
Critical response
Conservative reviewer Christian Toto gave the film a score of 3 out of 4, saying that "Shut In lacks the visceral thrills of some invasion films, but it more than compensates with a heart-tugging redemption arc and the return of an electric star." Randy Myers of The Mercury News gave the film a score of 2.5 out of 4, saying that it "doesn't redefine the genre by any means but it's a polished exercise in confined terror with a very nasty bite to it." Alan Ng of Film Threat wrote: "D.J. Caruso masterfully orchestrates this symphony of suspense, albeit a twenty-piece symphony, but a symphony nonetheless."
John Semley of The New Republic was more critical, calling the film "dull" and writing: "for all its desperate edginess—drugs, guns, the implicit threat of a child being assaulted, the casting of Vincent Gallo, etc.—it plays like a moralizing Sunday school sermon." Cath Clarke of The Guardian gave it 2 out of 5 stars, calling it "a film with some excruciatingly wooden acting – though not by Gallo, whose presence makes every scene he's in about seven times more interesting."
References
External links
2022 films
2022 thriller films
American thriller films
Films about domestic violence
Films directed by D. J. Caruso
Voltage Pictures films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
The Best of SHeDAISY is the only compilation album by American country music group SHeDAISY. It was released on February 5, 2008 on Lyric Street Records. The album comprises 12 tracks from their previous studio albums. "God Bless the American Housewife" is the only track on this compilation not to have been released as a single in the US, although it was issued in Canada as "God Bless the Canadian Housewife".
Track listing
"Little Good-Byes" (Kenny Greenberg, Kristyn Osborn, Jason Deere) - 3:20 (from The Whole SHeBANG)
"This Woman Needs" (Connie Harrington, Bonnie Baker, Osborn) - 3:20 (from The Whole SHeBANG)
"I Will… But" (Osborn, Deere) - 3:40 (from The Whole SHeBANG)
"Lucky 4 You (Tonight I'm Just Me)" (Coley McCabe, Osborn, Deere) - 4:00 (from The Whole SHeBANG)
"Get Over Yourself" (Marcus Hummon, Osborn) - 3:25 (from Knock on the Sky)
"Mine All Mine" (Hollie Poole, Osborn) - 3:57 (from Knock on the Sky)
"Passenger Seat" (Osborn, Harrington) - 3:25 (from Sweet Right Here)
"Come Home Soon" (Osborn, John Shanks) - 4:03 (from Sweet Right Here)
"Don't Worry 'bout a Thing" (Osborn, Deere) - 3:36 (from Sweet Right Here)
"I'm Taking the Wheel" (Shanks, Osborn) - 3:14 (from Fortuneteller's Melody)
"In Terms of Love" (Don Schlitz, Osborn) - 3:41 (from Fortuneteller's Melody)
"God Bless the American Housewife" (Jann Arden Richards, Russell Broom) - 3:10 (from Fortuneteller's Melody)
The digital edition of the album replaces "Mine All Mine" with "23 Days" from Fortuneteller's Melody.
Chart performance
References
2008 greatest hits albums
SHeDAISY albums
Albums produced by Dann Huff
Lyric Street Records compilation albums
Kempley is a village and civil parish in the Forest of Dean district of Gloucestershire, England, close to the border with Herefordshire. It lies northwest of Gloucester and of Hereford. The nearest market towns of Newent and Ledbury are and away respectively.
The village maintains the Kempley Tardis (a redundant telephone box) - a National Lottery funded project supported by English Heritage. The project, which is run by the Friends of Kempley Churches, aims to archive and document the entire social, economic and cultural history of the village.
In March 1994 fields near the village were found to contain the remains of two of the victims of serial killer Fred West. The small parish (280 residents) has two notable churches, one dedicated to St Mary and another to St Edward the Confessor.
St Mary's Church
St Mary's Church, Kempley has in its chancel "the most complete set of Romanesque frescos in northern Europe", including the Christ in Majesty painting created in about 1120. On the walls of the nave are further images, including a wheel of life, showing the life cycle of man. These are worked in tempera painted on dry lime mortar, unlike those in the chancel which are true frescoes. St Mary's Church is owned by English Heritage and maintained by The Friends of Kempley Churches.(Location: )
The Church has the oldest roof of any building in Britain, dating from 1120-1150 and has an unusually well-preserved interior. In the early months of the year, from late February to early March, the churchyard is very beautiful, often being covered in wild daffodils.
St Edward's Church
The Church of St Edward (1903), described by Betjeman as "a mini-cathedral of the Arts and Crafts movement", was built from local materials by local labour, under the direction of Randall Wells, clerk of works at All Saints' Church, Brockhampton. The church was planned by the Lord of the Manor and major landowner, William Lygon, 7th Earl Beauchamp, because St Mary's was too far away from the main centres of population in the parish at Kempley Green and Fishpool, and liable to flooding. The walls of the church are in Forest of Dean red sandstone.
References
External links
The Kempley Tardis Project
St Mary's Church Virtual Tour
Information about the Christ in Majesty painting
The Three Marys (Maries) at the Sepulchre
Photos of Kempley and surrounding area on geograph.org.uk
Forest of Dean
Villages in Gloucestershire
Kurd Wolfgang Wilhelm Gustav von Schöning (13 August 1789, Morrn (Murzynowo), Landsberg an der Warthe – 2 April 1859, Potsdam) was a Prussian major general and historian of the army.
Ancestry
Kurd came from the Pomeranian noble von Schöning family. He was the son of Christian Stephan von Schöning (born 1752, died 30 October 1802) and Albertine Juliane Therese Tugendreich (d 1844). He was married in 1815 (Gülzow) to Charlotte von Bornstädt (born 25 March 1795, died 25 January 1841).
Career
He was educated in the cadet corps in Berlin and was commissioned in the Prussian Army on 1 April 1806. His uncle was the distinguished General Field Marshal Hans Adam von Schöning. Appointed major in 1821, retired in 1827 as a lieutenant-colonel, Chamberlain of Prince Carl. The Grand Duke of Weimar appointed him Commander of the Order of the White Falcon.
Von Schöning wrote several volumes of Prussian historical notes which served as a primary source for the English work by historian Thomas Carlyle's 'History of Friedrich II of Prussia'. His handwritten papers are located in the Berlin State Library in Berlin.
Villa Schöningen is a historic building in Potsdam at the corner of Berlin Street and Swan Avenue where von Schöning and his family resided until his death in 1859. It was built in 1843 under Friedrich Wilhelm IV by court architect Ludwig Persius in an Italian villa style.
His apparent verbose writings lead Carlyle to comment, "(One) specimen distilled faithfully out of that huge jumbling sea of Schöning and rendered legible."
Works
Kurd Wolfgang W. G. von Schöning, Der Bayersche Erbfolgekrieg (Berlin, 1854), vol. 4 of Militairische Correspondenz des Königs Friedrich des Grossen mit dem Prinzen Heinrich von Preussen und seinen Generalen aus den Staats-Archiven.
References
Carlyle, Thomas, History of Friedrich II of Prussia - Volume 08
Schöning on the Baiern-Krieg of 1778
1789 births
1859 deaths
19th-century German historians
People from the Margraviate of Brandenburg
People from Międzyrzecz County
German male non-fiction writers
Major generals of Prussia
Effingham Lawrence (March 2, 1820 – December 9, 1878) was an American politician known for serving for the shortest term in congressional history, serving for just one day in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Biography
Lawrence was born in Bayside, Queens, New York, in 1820. He was a descendant of John Lawrence and John Bowne, both Quakers and pioneer English settlers of Queens, NY.
Lawrence moved to Louisiana in 1843 and engaged in the planting and refining of sugar. He served in the Louisiana State House of Representatives for some time and then successfully contested the re-election of Jacob Hale Sypher. Lawrence then served for one day in Congress but was not reelected. He died at Magnolia Plantation, Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana in 1878.
Contested election
The voting in the 1872 election was characterized by a number of irregularities, with Sypher initially being declared the winner and returned to Congress while Lawrence appealed the election results. Lawrence's belated replacement of Sypher, after courts intervened to nullify the original results and instead deliver the seat to Lawrence, marked the first time since the Civil War that a Democrat had defeated a Republican for a seat in Congress from Louisiana.
The 1874 voting in which Lawrence failed "re-election" to the seat had already been held before he was seated for the term to which he had, by the later court order, been elected in 1872. Thus, under the congressional calendar in effect at the time, Lawrence was able to serve for one day of the 1873–1875 term to which he had, in the end, been elected. On the following day—March 4, 1875—he was succeeded by Randall Lee Gibson, a Democrat who had defeated him during the preceding autumn.
See also
Cornelius Lawrence, his cousin
Thomas Johnson, shortest-serving U.S. Supreme Court justice
William Henry Harrison, shortest-serving president of the United States.
External links
Congressional Biography
Political Graveyard
1820 births
1878 deaths
Businesspeople from New Orleans
Members of the Louisiana House of Representatives
Politicians from New Orleans
People from Queens, New York
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Louisiana
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
Berezhany Castle (, Berezhans'kyi zamok, ), around which the modern town of Berezhany has sprung up, was built on an island in the Zolota Lypa River in the 1530s and 1540s by Mikołaj Sieniawski as the main residence of the Sieniawski magnate family.
Mikołaj Sieniawski turned the adjoining church of the Holy Trinity into a family mausoleum and a private church. Currently decayed, the church was a prominent example of early Baroque style.
In 1630, the castle's fortifications were expanded. It was so well fortified that neither Khmelnitsky's Cossacks (in 1648 and 1648) nor the Turks (in 1675) succeeded in taking it. In 1655, it was surrendered to the Swedes without a fight. The local Jewish community was made responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of the walls in 1667.
After Maria Zofia Sieniawska's marriage to August Aleksander Czartoryski, the castle passed to the Czartoryski family (1726), then to the Princes Lubomirski (1778) and to the Counts Potocki (1816). Those new owners allowed it to fall into such disrepair that in 1908 visitors were cautioned not to enter the castle for fear of being smashed by falling masonry.
The castle was further damaged during the First World War, as was the late Gothic church from 1554 which contains a number of elaborate tombs of the Sieniawskis. The Brzeżany tombs were executed by Jan Pfister and other leading Polish artists of the 16th and 17th centuries.
References
Sources
Памятники градостроительства и архитектуры Украинской ССР, 4 volumes, Kiev: Будивэльнык, 1983-86, the article on Бережанский замок (online)
External links
Castles in Ukraine
Castles in Ternopil Oblast
Houses completed in the 16th century
Castles
Roos Glacier () is a steep glacier that drains the northwest slopes of Mount Murphy on Walgreen Coast, Marie Byrd Land. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after S. Edward Roos, oceanographer with the Byrd Antarctic Expeditions of 1928-30 and 1933–35. Buettner Peak is a sharp peak rising midway along the north wall of Roos Glacier.
References
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Irina Aleksandrovna Smelaya (; born 21 December 1991), better known by her stage name Tatarka (), is a female hip-hop artist from Tatarstan, Russia. Her songs are written in Tatar and English.
Music and vlogging
Smelaya was born in Naberezhnye Chelny. She currently lives in St. Petersburg and is a vlogger. Her YouTube blog named "Tatar Days" () has almost a million subscribers.
"Altyn" ("gold" in Tatar) was her first song, which was launched in 2016 and praised her in the Russian music scene.
Smelaya is currently working on recording her debut album. It is known that the album will be in two languages, Tatar and English.
Personal life
Smelaya married Ilya Prusikin, the vocalist and frontman of the Russian pop-rave-band Little Big, on 6 July 2016.
She gave birth to her and Prusikin's son Dobrynya on 26 November 2017.
Smelaya and Prusikin publicly announced their separation on 21 August 2020.
Discography
Singles
Albums
Video Clips
Participations
2014 – Little Big – "Public Enemy"
2016 – Little Big – "Big Dick"
2016 – Little Big – "Hateful Love"
2018 – Bread – "Shashlyndos"
2019 – Animal Jazz – "Feelings"
Watch also
Little Big (band)
The Hatters
References
Russian musicians
Living people
1991 births
Tatar people
Tatar musicians
Russian people of Tatar descent
Tatar Christians
Hólmbert Aron Friðjónsson (born 19 April 1993) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a striker for Norwegian club Lillestrøm SK, on loan from German side Holstein Kiel.
Club career
In July 2011 Hólmbert transferred to Fram Reykjavík after making his mark as a young player with HK in the Icelandic second tier.
Keflavík-born Hólmbert emerged as a stand out player during the 2013 season and his 10 goals were crucial to help Fram Reykjavík avoid relegation from the Icelandic top league. The player also scored three times for the team in the Icelandic Cup, which helped them win the competition for the first time in 24 years. Hólmbert scored Fram's first goal in the Cup final, a 3–3 draw with Stjarnan, then converted his kick as Fram won on a penalty shootout, in a game that he described as "the highlight of my career".
After trials in the Netherlands with Heracles and in Scotland with Celtic, Hólmbert signed a four-year deal to join the Glasgow giants, for a fee of around £100,000. Although officially signing for the team on 1 January 2014 for the next transfer window, the player started training with his new club at the beginning of December 2013. Hólmbert made the decision to join the Scottish club after speaking to teammates Steven Lennon and Alan Lowing who both played previously in the Scottish Premiership.
Hólmbert joined Danish Superliga club Brøndby on loan in September 2014, after failing to feature in any competitive games for Celtic. During the loan, Hólmbert made eleven league appearances, scoring one goal. After returning to Celtic, he was released on 2 July 2015 without ever making a first team appearance. The same day, it was announced that he was returning to Iceland to play for KR Reykjavík on a 2.5-year contract. On 1 August 2016, he signed for Stjarnan on a loan deal for the remainder of the season. He then made the move permanent after the season.
On 5 October 2020, he joined Italian club Brescia.
In June 2021 it was announced Hólmbert would join 2. Bundesliga side Holstein Kiel for the 2021–22 season. In the first half of the season, he struggled with injuries and played just 82 minutes.
In January 2022 Hólmbert moved to Eliteserien club Lillestrøm SK on loan until the end of the year.
International career
Hólmbert received his first call-up for the Iceland national team on 16 January 2015 in a friendly against Canada. He scored his first goal on 19 January 2015 in their return friendly against Canada.
Career statistics
Club
International goal
Scores and results list Iceland's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Hólmbert goal.
References
External links
Official KSI profile
1993 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Brøndby IF players
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Aalesunds FK players
Brescia Calcio players
Holstein Kiel players
Lillestrøm SK players
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Danish Superliga players
Eliteserien players
2. Bundesliga players
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Holmbert Fridjonsson
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Nowa Trzcianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Nowa Trzcianka
Little Heavy Burdens is the second studio album by Belgian indie rock band Intergalactic Lovers.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2014 albums
Intergalactic Lovers albums
Bonzon is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Annick Bonzon (born 1971), Swiss alpine skier
Paul-Jacques Bonzon (1908–1978), French writer
See also
Bonson (surname)
Bilginler is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Gary Cooper (25 November 1938 – 18 August 2019), also known by the nickname of "Super Duper" Gary Cooper, was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, and coached in the 1970s. He played at representative level for Great Britain (non-Test matches), and at club level for Featherstone Rovers (Heritage No. 396) (captain), and Wakefield Trinity (Heritage No. 725), as an occasional goal-kicking , or , i.e. number 1, or, 3 or 5, and coached at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Assistant Coach to Neil Fox), and York (Initially Assistant Coach to Tommy Harris, then Head coach).
Background
Gary Cooper was born in Castleford, West Riding of Yorkshire, England, he died aged 80 from a myocardial infarction (heart attack), and his funeral will take place at All Saints Church, North Featherstone at 1:15pm on Thursday 12 September 2019, followed a reception at Featherstone Rovers Clubhouse.
Playing career
International honours
Gary Cooper was selected for Great Britain while at Featherstone Rovers for the 1962 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand, during which he played 16 non-Test matches.
Championship Final appearances
Gary Cooper played in Wakefield Trinity's 21–9 victory over St. Helens in the Championship Final replay during the 1966–67 season at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967, and was man of the match winning the Harry Sunderland Trophy in the 17–10 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the Championship Final during the 1967–68 season at Headingley, Leeds on Saturday 4 May 1968.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Gary Cooper played in Wakefield Trinity's 10–11 defeat by Leeds in the 1968 Challenge Cup "Watersplash" Final during the 1967–68 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1968, in front of a crowd of 87,100.
Club career
Gary Cooper made his début for Featherstone Rovers on Wednesday 20 August 1958, and he played his last match for Featherstone Rovers during the 1965–66 season, he appears to have scored no drop-goals (or field-goals as they are currently known in Australasia), but prior to the 1974–75 season all goals, whether; conversions, penalties, or drop-goals, scored 2-points, consequently prior to this date drop-goals were often not explicitly documented, therefore "0" drop-goals may indicate drop-goals not recorded, rather than no drop-goals scored.
Coaching career
Club career
Gary Cooper was the Assistant Coach in York's 5–32 defeat by St. Helens in the 1971–72 Challenge Cup quarter-final match during the 1971–72 season at Clarence Street, York on Saturday 4 March 1972.
Genealogical information
Gary Cooper was the older brother of the rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage No. 728); Brian Cooper (birth registered fourth ¼ 1940), Colin Cooper (birth registered first ¼ 1946), the rugby league executive (former chairperson of Hull F.C.); Kath M. Hetherington (née Cooper, birth registered second ¼ 1952), and the brother-in-law of her husband the rugby league player, coach and executive; Gary Hetherington, and the older brother of rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s for York and Wakefield Trinity (A-Team); Stephen "Steve" Cooper (birth registered fourth ¼ 1953).
References
External links
Gary Cooper
June 2013
Rugby Cup Final 1968
1938 births
2019 deaths
English rugby league coaches
English rugby league players
Featherstone Rovers captains
Featherstone Rovers players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Castleford
Wakefield Trinity players
York Wasps coaches
The Last Border () is a 1993 Finnish post-apocalyptic film directed, written, and produced by Mika Kaurismäki, starring Jolyon Baker, Jürgen Prochnow, Fanny Bastien and Kari Väänänen. The film takes place in the near future for 2009, when pollution from the entire planet has forced people to move to the Arctic Circle, being the only viable territories.
The film was released at the 1993 Toronto International Film Festival.
Cast
Jolyon Baker as Jake
Jürgen Prochnow as Duke
Fanny Bastien as Doaiva
Kari Väänänen as Borka
Matti Pellonpää as Dimitri
Soli Labbart as Old woman
Clas-Ove Bruun as Skunk
Jussi Lampi as Rabbit
Juice Leskinen as Bartender
Esko Salminen as Jake's father
Jochen Nickel as Beggar
Mato Valtonen as Drunkard
Sakke Järvenpää as Biker
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes gives The Last Border a score of 12% based on 60 ratings by audience.
In Variety magazine's October 1993 review, Emanuel Levy called film "a spoof of the Mad Max cult films." He comments, that films "subtle humor and moderate violence (by today's standards) may disappoint viewers expecting excessive treatment of such matters", but also said, that films "impressive visual design and strong perfs by Matti Pellonpää and Jürgen Prochnow could broaden satire's commercial prospects beyond the midnight circuit."
References
External links
English-language Finnish films
1993 science fiction films
Finnish post-apocalyptic films
Films set in the future
Films set in Lapland
1993 films
Films directed by Mika Kaurismäki
Finnish science fiction films
Motorcycling films
Outlaw biker films
1990s English-language films
Marie Wright may refer to:
Marie Wright (actress), British stage and film actress
Marie Wright (curler), Canadian wheelchair curler
Marie Robinson Wright, American travel writer
Franklin County is a county in Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 18,125. The county has two county seats, Charleston and Ozark. The county was formed on December 19, 1837, and named for Benjamin Franklin, American statesman. To the north of the Arkansas River, which bisects Franklin County, the county is wet and alcohol is sold in liquor stores, bars and local vineyards. To the south of the Arkansas River, the county is dry.
History
Franklin County was carved out of Crawford County in December 1837. At that time, Franklin was significantly larger than it is at present, encompassing part of present-day Logan County which was formed in 1871.
Initially, the county had a single courthouse at Ozark. To promote economic growth in the county, federal land grants were made in 1853 to incentivize the construction and operation of the Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad. From receivership in 1875 after a railroad debt crisis, it was reorganized as the Little Rock and Fort Smith Railway. A number of towns were established in the 1890s on the north bank of the river along its right of way. Many farmers purchased land that had been owned by the railway. After complaints about how difficult it was to cross the river at times, a second courthouse was established at Charleston for citizens in the settlements south of the river, sometime in the 1890s, probably after 1892 since "Charleston" did not appear in an 1893 railroad map in all capital letters as "OZARK" did. In 1906 the railway was acquired by the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern Railway. In 1917 the line became a backbone of the MoPac, which merged into the Union Pacific Railroad in 1982.
The reality television show, The Simple Life, starring Nicole Richie and Paris Hilton was filmed in Altus in 2003.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.7%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 40
U.S. Highway 64
Highway 22
Highway 23
Highway 41
Highway 60
Highway 96
Adjacent counties
Madison County (north)
Johnson County (east)
Logan County (southeast)
Sebastian County (southwest)
Crawford County (west)
National protected area
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 17,097 people, 6,723 households, and 4,537 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 17,771 people, 6,882 households, and 4,961 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,673 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.17% White, 0.62% Black or African American, 0.80% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.74% from other races, and 1.35% from two or more races. 1.74% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,882 households, out of which 32.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.20% were married couples living together, 8.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.90% were non-families. 24.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.80% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 23.20% from 45 to 64, and 15.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,848, and the median income for a family was $36,189. Males had a median income of $27,907 versus $18,822 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,616. About 10.60% of families and 15.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.20% of those under age 18 and 15.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles, Franklin County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Arkansas native Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
Altus
Branch
Charleston (county seat)
Ozark (county seat)
Wiederkehr Village
Town
Denning
Unincorporated communities
Alix
Cecil
Peanut
Ghost towns
Sub Rosa
Townships
Alix (part of Wiederkehr Village)
Barham
Black Oak
Boston
Cobb
Cravens
Donald (most of Branch)
Grover
Hogan (Altus, Denning, part of Wiederkehr Village)
Hurricane
Ivy
Limestone
McIlroy
Middle
Mill Creek
Miller
Morgan
Mountain
Mulberry
Prairie (Charleston, small part of Branch)
Shores
Six Mile
Walker
Wallace
Watalula
Weaver
White Oak (Ozark, most of Wiederkehr Village)
White Rock
Wittich
See also
List of lakes in Franklin County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Arkansas
Gary Stubblefield
Bill Gossage
References
Further reading
Shropshire, Lola. Franklin County, Arkansas: Images of America, Arcadia Publishing, 128 pages, Aug 2000
1837 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1837
Fort Smith metropolitan area
Scorzonera tau-saghyz is a species of Scorzonera, in the family Asteraceae.
It is endemic to Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and Karatau Mountains of Kazakhstan in Central Asia.
Uses
It is of interest as a source of latex suitable for making natural rubber, with latex (in old specimens on average 20%) contained in large roots and underground stems extending from them. The Soviet Union cultivated Scorzonera tau-saghyz, together with Taraxacum hybernum and Taraxacum kok-saghyz, on a large scale between 1931 and 1950—notably during World War II—as an emergency source of rubber when supplies of rubber from Hevea brasiliensis in Southeast Asia were threatened.
References
Cichorieae
Flora of Tajikistan
Flora of Uzbekistan
Flora of Kazakhstan
Rubber
Plants described in 1931
In logistics, a cross belt sorter is type of conveyor-based sortation system. It consists of a chain of independently operated short conveyor belts mounted transversely along the main track.
Types of cross belt sorters
There are a variety of different cross-belt sorters — each industry and each cross-belt sorter manufacturer can have unique products. Nevertheless, the standard two are horizontal cross-belt sorters and vertical cross-belt sorters. In both cases, current generations employ linear induction motor technology — this means they are simpler to operate, maintain, and endure less mechanical wear over time.
Horizontal cross-belt sorter. It is a device that sorts objects into bins, shelves, or stations according to the shape and size of the object. The machine consists of two large belts that move in opposite directions, with one belt at right angle to the other. Objects are sorted as they slide across these belts.
Vertical cross-belt sorter. It is a machine that sorts items of different sizes and shapes. It has two belts, one on top of the other, that move in opposite directions. The bottom belt moves forward while the top belt moves back. As items are inserted into the machine, they are carried by the belt to specific openings where they are sorted by size or shape.
References
Logistics
Industrial machinery
Krissel Joy Valdez (born October 10, 1990) is a Filipina–Davaoena singer and the first runner-up of Star Power: Sharon Search For the Next Female Superstar. Better known as Krissel Valdez and dubbed as "The Soulful Diva of Davao".
Early life
Krissel was a member of D-Base Band, a local band in Davao.
Krissel Won the Grand Prix of European Star Rain in Prague Czech Republic . She is the first Asian and Filipina who won Grandprix in European Performing arts competition.
Krissel joined WCOPA (Worlds Championship of Performing Arts) in Hollywood California and won Silver medal in Pop Category.
Krissel was also part of the Musical Rock of Ages Re-run.
Krissel was also the Leading Lady of the World Boxer Nonito "The Filipino Flash" Donaire in the Visayan Indie Film " Palad ta ang Nagbuot ( Our Fate Decides).
TV Appearances
References
CRISPINA MARTINEZ-BELEN, "Getting to know the 'Star Power' Final 5",
1990 births
Living people
Star Magic
People from Davao City
Singers from Davao del Sur
Participants in Philippine reality television series
21st-century Filipino singers
21st-century Filipino women singers
The scorched-earth defense is a form of risk arbitrage and anti-takeover strategy.
When a target firm implements this provision, it will make an effort to make itself unattractive to the hostile bidder. For example, a company may agree to liquidate or destroy all valuable assets, also called crown jewels, or schedule debt repayment to be due immediately following a hostile takeover. In some cases, a scorched-earth defense may develop into an extreme anti-takeover defense called a poison pill.
See also
Scorched earth
Mergers and acquisitions
The 1959 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State University as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1959 NCAA University Division football season. Led by fourth-year head coach Wade Walker, the Maroons compiled an overall record of 2–7 with a mark of 0–7 in conference play, placing last out of 12 teams in the SEC.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
The 2006 Brazilian Grand Prix (officially the Formula 1 Grande Prêmio do Brasil 2006) was a Formula One motor race held on 22 October 2006 at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace, São Paulo. It was the eighteenth and final race of the 2006 FIA Formula One World Championship. The race determined the Drivers' and Constructors' Championships for the season, with Fernando Alonso and Renault winning their respective championships. The race itself attracted 154 million viewers.
The 71-lap race was won by local driver Felipe Massa, driving a Ferrari, with Alonso taking second in his Renault and Jenson Button third in a Honda. Massa was the first Brazilian driver to win his home Grand Prix since Ayrton Senna in 1993. Michael Schumacher, in what was expected to be his last race, finished fourth, having started tenth and suffered a puncture which dropped him to 19th.
Schumacher retired from Formula One after this race, with seven Drivers' Championships to his name, although he would return in 2010 with Mercedes. His seat at Ferrari was taken by Kimi Räikkönen, whilst Alonso moved to McLaren to partner rookie Lewis Hamilton.
Report
Pre-race
Following Michael Schumacher's engine failure and Fernando Alonso's victory in the previous race in Japan, Alonso was now 10 points ahead of Schumacher in the Drivers' Championship, and would therefore clinch the championship unless Schumacher won the race and Alonso failed to score a point.
Felipe Massa went into the race holding third place in the championship, one point ahead of fourth place Giancarlo Fisichella, who in turn could have his fourth place taken off him as Kimi Räikkönen was 9 points behind him. The final place in the top six of the Drivers' Championship was secure, as the current occupant, Jenson Button, was 11 points behind Räikkönen and 22 points ahead of his Honda teammate, Rubens Barrichello, with a maximum of 10 points available.
In the Constructors' Championship, Renault were leading Ferrari by nine points, meaning that Renault had to score 10 points to secure the title. McLaren were safe in third place with 105 points, 81 points behind Ferrari and 27 points ahead of fourth place Honda. Meanwhile, BMW Sauber and Toyota were still competing for fifth place, with only one point between the two, but their top 6 position was secure as seventh place Red Bull Racing were 19 points behind Toyota.
Räikkönen set the fastest time during the first practice session with 1:13.764. Anthony Davidson managed to take second in his Honda, but none of the Renaults or Ferraris set a competitive time, with Renault opting just to do one installation lap apiece. Alexander Wurz and Sebastian Vettel completed the top four.
Before the race began, Michael Schumacher was given a lifetime achievement award by footballer Pelé.
Race
Start
At the start Felipe Massa retained his lead going into the first bend, ahead of Kimi Räikkönen and Jarno Trulli. Championship elect Fernando Alonso kept his fourth position despite a challenge around the outside of the first corner by Rubens Barrichello's Honda. Michael Schumacher had a decent start from his 10th position on the grid and was on the inside of the two BMW Saubers going into the first corner, but had to back off to avoid a collision. His apparently much quicker Ferrari allowed him to pass both BMWs three corners later as they were slowed by Robert Kubica overtaking teammate Nick Heidfeld on the back straight. A little further behind, the two Williams-Cosworths collided as Nico Rosberg hit the back of Mark Webber's car going into turn 4. Both cars were severely damaged with Webber retiring at the end of the lap with a missing rear wing. Rosberg in turn had another high-speed crash on the uphill main straight: he lost grip and spun heavily into the wall, due to the damage sustained in the earlier contact with his teammate. Rosberg was unhurt but the scattered debris on the track led to the safety car being deployed to allow for the track to be cleaned. Before the safety car came out, Barrichello's Honda was overtaken on the outside into turn 1 by Giancarlo Fisichella.
Safety car and restart
As the safety car picked up the field at the end of lap 2, Massa led Räikkönen, Trulli and Alonso with Fisichella and Michael Schumacher moving up to 5th and 6th respectively. Barrichello, Ralf Schumacher, Kubica and Button completed the top ten, Button having taken advantage of the two Williams retiring and having passed Heidfeld and Pedro de la Rosa.
The restart took place on lap six and saw Button move past Kubica on the inside as the two crossed the line only 0.038secs apart. Michael Schumacher was also soon to attack Fisichella's Renault, forcing the Italian to protect the inside line in turns 4 and 5. On the next lap Button went past Ralf Schumacher up to 8th while Massa was pulling away comfortably from his pursuers at the front. His teammate Schumacher tried to move past Fisichella around the outside on the main straight. But Fisichella put up a fight, staying on the inside on the entry into the 1st corner. Schumacher aggressively cut across to the inside into the first corner, trying to force Fisichella to back off. Fisichella tried to avoid contact by moving onto the kerb, but his front wing appeared to make very light contact with the Ferrari's left rear tyre. Indeed, Schumacher's car began to slide violently in the next corner as his tyre deflated forcing the German to drive the entire lap at significantly reduced speed, and to see the entire field move past him in the process. The Ferrari team took eleven seconds to change all four tyres - taking the opportunity to add fuel as well. When Schumacher rejoined, he was only a few seconds in front of his teammate Massa thus being almost a lap down on the race leader.
The two Ferraris proceeded to post the quickest lap times with Massa comfortably increasing his gap to Räikkönen in second, while the Toyotas hit trouble with first Ralf Schumacher and then Jarno Trulli retiring in the pits on lap 10. This meant that the order on lap 11 was: 1st Massa, 2nd Räikkönen, 3rd Alonso, 4th Fisichella, 5th Barrichello, 6th Button, 7th Kubica, 8th de la Rosa, 9th Heidfeld, 10th Scott Speed, 11th Vitantonio Liuzzi, 12th David Coulthard, 13th Takuma Sato, 14th Christijan Albers, 15th Sakon Yamamoto, 16th Robert Doornbos, 17th Tiago Monteiro and 18th and last Michael Schumacher's Ferrari.
The race now settled into a steady pattern with the Ferraris still quickest and Alonso closing to within two seconds of Räikkönen's McLaren. Coulthard retired his Red Bull-Ferrari with mechanical problems on lap 14. The first planned pitstops took place on lap 21 with Räikkönen, Fisichella and Barrichello all coming in for fuel and tires. Fisichella's stop was slightly slower than Barrichello's, which nearly resulted in a collision as the two exited the pitlane - the Renault driver only just maintaining his position. They reemerged on the track 7th, 8th and 9th respectively, just behind de la Rosa and Heidfeld who had hitherto been contesting 8th place with Heidfeld quicker in the corners but unable to match the McLaren's straight-line speed. Massa closed to within a couple of seconds of lapping his teammate, setting the fastest lap of 1:12.8 before pitting on lap 23 at which point he had a 15-second gap to Alonso in second. Massa was stationary for just over 8 seconds and rejoined in third behind Button who was now in second despite having started 14th. Button pitted on the next lap, his 7.9 second stop allowing him to rejoin in 7th comfortably ahead of Fisichella and Barrichello. Alonso made his stop on the following lap and was able to rejoin just in front of Räikkönen but still behind de la Rosa and Heidfeld. Kubica then pitted from second position on lap 26 and dropped to 9th. His teammate followed suit on lap 27 falling behind the two Toro Rosso in the process just as Button was able to slipstream Räikkönen and outbrake him into turn one. Massa now led by 17 seconds in front of de la Rosa, who would not stop until 8 laps later. Alonso, Button and Räikkönen followed with a small gap back to Fisichella and Barrichello.
Michael Schumacher had moved up to 13th courtesy of pitstops by the Aguris and on lap 31 he moved past Doornbos and closed on Liuzzi who had just been involved in an incident with Heidfeld, whom he had steered into just as Heidfeld was overtaking the Italian into turn 1. The BMW driver's front wing suffered some damage from the contact but he was able to carry on. Liuzzi then pitted leaving Schumacher 11th and just 3 seconds behind Heidfeld. They both advanced one position on lap 33 as Scott Speed also pitted in his Toro Rosso. Up front, Massa was still pulling away, now 23 seconds in front of de la Rosa, Alonso, Button and Räikkönen, who were all still very close together. De la Rosa pitted on lap 35 for his one and only pitstop (10.8s) dropping to 10th. Schumacher easily passed Heidfeld for ninth on the following lap when Heidfeld was forced into the pits again on lap 38 to have the damaged front wing replaced, dropping him out of any contention for the points.
Barrichello was first into the pits when the second and last round of regular pitstops began on lap 46. His stop lasted 8.3 seconds. Schumacher followed on lap 47 having driven 36 laps since his first unscheduled stop. He rejoined in 8th just between Barrichello and the one-stopping de la Rosa. Fisichella did his stop (7.2s) on lap 49. Button was into the pits (7.3s) on the following lap while Schumacher effortlessly passed Barrichello on the inside on the main straight. Räikkönen was next man to pit, rejoining in fourth - only just behind Button, who was busy lapping Yamamoto and the Spykers. Leader Massa made his stop on lap 52 and rejoined still in front of second placed Alonso, who also kept his position after he came in two laps later (6.8s).
Schumacher was now beginning to look threatening to the second Renault of Fisichella and this was significant for the Constructors' Championship—if the Ferraris could finish 1st and 2nd and the Renaults only 3rd and 6th, the two teams would finish equal on points but with Ferrari in front on race victories. With 15 laps to go, Schumacher was under half a second behind Fisichella as they came across the line with Räikkönen only a few seconds further in front. The Renault seemed able to match the Ferrari's impressive straight-line speed and Schumacher was unable to overtake as easily as he had done with other cars. A thrilling battle ensued as Fisichella defended valiantly, but on lap 62 he braked too late into Turn 1 and his Renault took to the grass, allowing Schumacher to gain in position. Fisichella was only just able to rejoin in front of Barrichello.
Schumacher then closed on 4th placed Räikkönen who had been dropping back slightly from Button and Alonso. On lap 64, Nick Heidfeld's race was over as his BMW's rear suspension failed at the end of the main straight. Waved yellow flags in Turn 1 prevented Schumacher from overtaking Räikkönen on the usual overtaking spot, but Räikkönen made a slight mistake in the hairpin turn 10 and Schumacher pulled even with the Finn in the inferior McLaren. Schumacher was on the outside for the next turn, however, and had to back off, losing some ground in the process.
With four laps to go, Schumacher was ready to attack again, but Räikkönen defended brilliantly against superior machinery by taking the inside line for the first turn. The following lap, Schumacher was even closer, drafting behind the McLaren on the main straight. Räikkönen tried to fend off the charging Ferrari and again took to the inside, but this time Schumacher was so much quicker he managed to pull alongside, finding just enough space between the McLaren and the pit wall. The two cars went through turn one side by side, but Räikkönen finally had to give way into turn 2 as Schumacher forced him onto the dirty line of the circuit.
Finish and post-race
Schumacher continued to chase down Alonso and Button, setting a new fastest lap (1:12.1) on the penultimate lap, but he was unable to catch them in time and Alonso made himself and Renault champions by finishing second behind the elated Felipe Massa, who became the first Brazilian winner in São Paulo since the late Ayrton Senna in 1993. Giancarlo Fisichella finished sixth to help Renault clinch their second Constructors championship.
After finishing the race, winner Felipe Massa stopped just after the "S do Senna" to receive a Brazilian flag from a fan, this action had broken Article 154 of the FIA Sporting Regulations, stating that "After receiving the end-of-race signal all cars must proceed on the circuit directly to the post race parc fermé without stopping, without overtaking (unless clearly necessary), without receiving any object whatsoever and without any assistance (except that of the marshals if necessary)." In practice, this should have meant Massa being punished, although the rule itself was never put in place.
At the end-of-season FIA Gala in December 2006 the promoters of the 2006 Brazilian Grand Prix received the Race Promoters' Trophy for their work in publicising the event.
It was also the last race for a V10-engined car to date as Scuderia Toro Rosso eventually switched to Ferrari 056 2.4-litre V8 engines from 2007 season.
Friday drivers
The bottom six teams in the 2005 Constructors' Championship, plus the Super Aguri team, were entitled to run a third car in free practice on Friday. These drivers did not compete in qualifying or the race.
Classification
Qualifying
Race
Final championship standings
Drivers' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
Bold text indicates the 2006 World Champions.
References
External links
Detailed Brazilian Grand Prix results (archived)
Brazilian Grand Prix
Brazilian Grand Prix
Grand Prix
Brazilian Grand Prix
Kokele is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 5,753.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Saint Vincent and the Grenadines women's national football team is the national women's football team of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and is overseen by the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Football Federation.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2022
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the match against Honduras on 12 April 2022.
Recent call ups
World Cup record
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
CONCACAF W Championship record
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
References
External links
Official website
FIFA Profile
Caribbean women's national association football teams
Prothrombin activator is a complex of a dozen blood coagulation factors that functions in catalyzing prothrombin into thrombin. Prothrombin activator is released in the body by a cascade of chemical reactions in response to damage in a blood vessel.
References
Hematology
The Pacific Coast Sectional Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by U.S. Figure Skating.
Skaters compete in five levels: Senior, Junior, Novice, Intermediate, and Juvenile. Medals are awarded in four disciplines: Ladies singles, Men's singles, Pairs, and Ice dance. Medals are given out in four colors: gold (first), silver (second), bronze (third), and pewter (fourth). Skaters who place in the top four at the Pacific Coast Sectional advance to the U.S. Figure Skating Championships.
The 2018 Pacific Coast Sectionals were held in Spokane, Washington.
Senior medalists
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
1999 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2002 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2003 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2004 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2005 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2006 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2007 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2008 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2009 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2010 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2011 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2012 Pacific Coast Sectionals
2015 Pacific Coast Sectionals
Figure skating competitions
Figure skating in the United States
Sports in the Western United States
Güneycik, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Atuabo Freeport is an ongoing infrastructure likely to be Ghana's third major port.
Location
The FreePort will be located within the Gulf of Guinea.
Facilities
The Free Port will have facilities including an 18.5m deep channel and three quays of varying depths from 16.5m, 12m and 9m, clear activity zones including Offshore Logistics, Subsea Fabrication. There will also be facilities in place for Rig and Vessel Repair, Business Technology Park and General Business Support Infrastructure which will make it first of its kind in the West African subregion.
See also
Atuabo
Ghana Gas Company
References
Ports and harbours of Ghana
Enrique Alarcón Sánchez-Manjavacas (1917–1995) was a Spanish art director. He worked on over two hundred films.
Selected filmography
Eloisa Is Under an Almond Tree (1943)
The Phantom and Dona Juanita (1945)
Lady in Ermine (1947)
The Faith (1947)
Saturday Night (1950)
The Girl at the Inn (1951)
From Madrid to Heaven (1952)
It Happened in Seville (1955)
The Lost City (1955)
Congress in Seville (1955)
The Sun Comes Out Every Day (1958)
The Violet Seller (1958)
The Nightingale in the Mountains (1958)
A Girl Against Napoleon (1959)
Alfonso XII and María Cristina (1960)
Heaven at Home (1960)
The Fair of the Dove (1963)
Samba (1965)
The Lost Woman (1966)
Road to Rocío (1966)
The Hunting Party (1971)
References
Bibliography
Sally Faulkner. A Cinema of Contradiction: Spanish Film in the 1960s. Edinburgh University Press, 2006.
External links
1917 births
1995 deaths
Spanish art directors
People from the Province of Ciudad Real
Margarita "Maita" Favis Gomez (May 23, 1947 – July 12, 2012) was a Filipino scholar, activist, and beauty queen.
In 1967 she won the Miss Philippines–World beauty pageant and went on to represent the country in the Miss World contest. She later became a political, economic, and women's rights advocate, and was active in the Makabayan political movement in the 1980s.
Early life
Maita was born in 1947 to Jose C. Gomez and Cecilia Favis Gomez, and was one of 7 children: Cita; Patty (d. July 11, 2013); Ditas (d. May 16, 2012); Joe; Naty (d. September 11, 2017); and Migui.
Miss Philippines 1967
She was crowned as Miss Philippines in 1967, and represented the Philippines in Miss World 1967.
Advocacy work
Maita was well known for her political advocacy work. She fought for the liberation of Filipinas and worked hard to fix injustices faced by women. Her advocacy timeline began when she first joined the New People's Army in the 1970s to overthrow the Marcos dictatorship. She got arrested in Baguio in 1973, and escaped prison a few years later thanks to a military asset. She later rejoined the NPA 3 years later and remained until 1980 due to health problems. After resurfacing, she got placed under house arrest until 1984.
After working in the underground, she founded the Metro Manila chapter of GABRIELA, and became the secretary-general of WOMB (Women for the Ouster of Marcos and Boycott). Both were both organized a year after the assassination of Ninoy Aquino. She also became a deputy director for the St. Scholastica's College's Women Studies Program in 1985, helping in the drafting of its women's studies curriculum. Eventually, Marcos was overthrown in 1986.
Post-EDSA Revolution
After Marcos' ouster, she went back to school. She finished her BS in Sociology (through the non-traditional mode) at the Polytechnic University of the Philippines in Manila. She also worked as a manager in a private company. Later, she earned her MA in Development Economics at the UP School of Economics, at the University of the Philippines Diliman.
She also co-founded the all-women political party KAIBA (Kababaihan para sa Inangbayan) in 1986.
Maita was part of the National Council of SELDA (Samahan ng mga Ex-detainee Laban sa Detensyon at pata sa Amnestiya), which pushed for the freedom of political prisoners. She had also worked with other national democratic organizations such as Makabayan and the IBON Foundation. In 2012, she helped form the Work Well Foundation, which worked to help women in the Philippines find well-paying jobs.
Death
On July 12, 2012, Maita died of a heart attack. One of her children found her dead in her home in Quezon City and realized that she had died of a heart attack in her sleep.
Personal life
Maita is survived by her children Melissa Perez-Rubio Ugarte, Jose Luis Decena, Kris and Antares Bartolome, and Michael Phillip Beltran, as well as their children and spouses.
Legacy
In recognition of her efforts against Marcos' authoritarian regime, Gomez's name was one of 19 added on November 30, 2016 to the Wall of Remembrance of the Philippines' Bantayog ng mga Bayani (Monument of the Heroes), which is dedicated to individuals who "defied risks and dedicated their life for the cause of truth, justice, peace and freedom for the Filipino people" during the Marcos regime.
References
1947 births
2012 deaths
Filipino feminists
Filipino beauty pageant winners
Miss World 1967 delegates
Polytechnic University of the Philippines alumni
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
Burials at the Manila Memorial Park – Sucat
Individuals honored at the Bantayog ng mga Bayani
General elections were held in Dominica on 6 December 2019. The elections were constitutionally due by March 2020, but had been widely expected to take place before the end of 2019. The result was a landslide victory for the ruling Dominica Labour Party, which won 18 of the 21 elected seats, gaining three seats. With the DLP winning a fifth consecutive election, DLP leader Roosevelt Skerrit remained Prime Minister.
Electoral system
The 21 elected members of the House of Assembly are elected in single-member constituencies. A further nine members are either elected by the Assembly after it convenes or appointed by the President (five on the advice of the Prime Minister and four on the advice of the Leader of the Opposition) to be Senators; the method of their choosing is voted on by popular vote, the vote is to determine which party is in power, from there the President is chosen by the Assembly and the President appoints a Prime Minister.
Results
The result followed disruptive protests including blocking roads by the United Workers' Party, which demanded changes to the electoral system. Following the results, Skerrit said "I call to the UWP and its supporters to hold their conduct and behaviour of the last few weeks, concede the election and work for peace."
References
Elections in Dominica
Dominica
2019 in Dominica
December 2019 events in North America
Track Record (a.k.a. Track Records) was founded in 1966 in London by Kit Lambert and Chris Stamp, then managers of the rock group The Who. It was one of the first British-owned independent record labels in the United Kingdom. The most successful artists whose work appeared on the Track label were The Jimi Hendrix Experience, The Who, The Crazy World of Arthur Brown, Thunderclap Newman and Golden Earring. The label ceased operations in 1978 but was revived in 1999.
Background
Track was originally intended to provide more creative freedom for the Who, but according to Stamp, at the end of 1966, he and Lambert were spurred to set up Track in order to get involved with new arrival from the United States, Jimi Hendrix. Even though Hendrix was not in need of management (as he had already signed an agreement with Chas Chandler) he was in need of a UK label.
Lambert and Stamp had already grappled with the rigid confines of the established record companies. In 1966, they were involved in a court battle to release The Who from an onerous contract with producer Shel Talmy and the Decca Records (US) and Brunswick (UK) labels. At this time, Lambert and Stamp started releasing the Who's records in the United Kingdom on Robert Stigwood's Reaction Records label. Both Track and Reaction were very much reliant upon distribution support in the United Kingdom from the large Polydor Records label based in Germany. Polydor's involvement with these two small labels can be seen as its learning process about the rock music market. Polydor was interested in expanding its base beyond easy listening and ballads. Its best known artist at the time was Bert Kaempfert.
History
1966–1969
Hendrix' first single "Hey Joe" was intended for release by Track, but since the label was not yet fully in operation it was first released in the United Kingdom on Polydor in December 1966. His second single "Purple Haze", released on 17 March 1967, was the first Track Records single and Are You Experienced was the first LP. These and other Hendrix recordings released by Track were licensed to Reprise Records in the United States. The first Who single on Track was "Pictures of Lily" released in April 1967. The same year Track also issued the Who singles "The Last Time" and "I Can See for Miles" and the LP The Who Sell Out. The Who stayed with Decca Records in the United States until 1972, when Decca was folded into its parent company MCA Records.
By late 1967, Track faced a lawsuit from Ed Chalpin and his company PPX Enterprises, based in New York City. Chalpin had signed Hendrix to a three-year exclusive recording contract in October 1965. Chalpin viewed the 1966 Hendrix agreement with Track as a violation of his PPX contract and was later able to claim a large monetary settlement. Track quickly fell into financial trouble. Hendrix released Axis: Bold as Love in the United Kingdom in December 1967. The album appeared in the United States in January 1968 on Reprise.
British folk-rock band Fairport Convention issued their first single "If I Had a Ribbon Bow, on Track, on 23 February 1968, having recorded it at Sound Techniques, London, the previous August.
The Crazy World of Arthur Brown had a 1968 UK #1 hit with "Fire" which was co-produced by the Who's Pete Townshend and Kit Lambert. US versions of Arthur Brown's recordings were distributed by Atlantic Records; initial pressings of these records were branded with the Track Records imprint, and later ones with Atlantic's but retaining the same catalog numbers. "Fire" reached #2 on the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. Brown has claimed that he was never properly compensated by Track. Also in late 1968, Track released Jimi Hendrix's double album Electric Ladyland, one of his most successful recordings. Initial UK copies of the album featured a picture of 19 nude women which was not authorized by Hendrix.
In 1968, Track began releasing compilations albums such as the Who's Direct Hits. Some of these, including Electric Jimi Hendrix (1970) and the Who's Who Did It! (1970), are thought to have been sold only on a very limited basis through mail order, making them extremely rare today. A various artist compilation titled The House That Track Built was issued in 1969. In 1970, Track began a 14-album series titled Backtrack 1 through Backtrack 14. These were budget priced re-issues and new compilations of earlier Track recordings, occasionally containing previously unreleased material and rare versions. This series, which was very unusual for its time, included both Hendrix and the Who's first two Track albums along with works by lesser known Track artists. The reissue albums did not feature any of the original cover art.
Track also distributed the Apple Records release by John Lennon and Yoko Ono titled Two Virgins in the United Kingdom. Original stereo copies of this album from 1968 had a Track Records logo and matrix number (613 012) on the label. These were added to the artwork after EMI (Apple's distributor) refused to handle the record because of its controversial nude cover photo. Original UK mono copies of the record had no reference to Track, as these were apparently manufactured before Track assumed distribution. US distribution of Two Virgins was initially handled by Tetragrammaton Records.
The Who released the double album Tommy on Track in 1969, which was one of their biggest selling albums. The US version of the album was on Decca.
1970–1978
In March 1970, Track issued the live Hendrix album Band of Gypsys. This was the last album authorized by Hendrix before his death. As part of a legal settlement with PPX Enterprises release rights for the United States were assigned to Ed Chalpin who arranged to have the album released by Capitol Records. The UK cover featured pictures of Hendrix as a doll. The US version replaced the doll photos with a photograph of Hendrix performing under multicolored lights.
The Who released the album Live at Leeds in May 1970. In late 1970, the group Thunderclap Newman released their only album, Hollywood Dream on Track (through the Atlantic in the United States). The album was another Pete Townshend production and contained the UK #1 hit "Something in the Air". The song also reached #25 in the United States.
Track released a three-song EP by Jimi Hendrix titled Voodoo Chile which was Hendrix's only No. 1 UK hit in 1971. After the posthumous Jimi Hendrix album The Cry of Love Polydor took over Hendrix's catalogue, except for the United States and Canada, where it remained with Reprise Records.
The Who released the compilation album Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy and an album of new recordings Who's Next in late 1971, both of which were very successful. In 1972, the Dutch rock group Golden Earring had a successful UK tour with the Who and were signed to Track. Their album Moontan (1973) became their biggest international success. The album was released by Track/MCA in the United States. The hit song "Radar Love" was especially popular in the United States where the single reached #13. US versions of Who solo albums such as Pete Townshend's release Who Came First (1972) were released by Track/Decca.
In 1973, The Who produced Quadrophenia, their last album of new material released by Track (Track/MCA in the United States). In 1974, the Who fulfilled their contract with Track by releasing Odds & Sods. This album was compiled by John Entwistle from a batch of previously unreleased Who recordings made between 1964 and 1972. In 1974, the Who parted ways with Lambert and Stamp amid litigation. In a move initiated by Roger Daltrey, the band attempted to collect a large sum of unpaid royalties from Track. The Who moved to Polydor, except in the United States and Canada, where they remained with MCA. Polydor later became a sister label to MCA after Universal Music Group absorbed PolyGram in 1999.
By 1975, Track was left with only Golden Earring on its roster, who also soon left. After this, Track only released two more LPs, one by the Heartbreakers, and one by Shakin' Stevens. Track ceased business operations in 1978, though Track albums that remained in print in the UK remained on the Track label until the distributor re-issued them on Polydor a few years later. Kit Lambert died in 1981 at age 45.
1999–present
In the 1999 Stamp gave in the rights to the name to Ian Grant who relaunched the label with his logo but without the rights to the back catalogue.
Ian Grant is manager of Stranglers, Cult, and Big Country. He released recordings by Joe Brown, Hugh Cornwell, Big Country, Phil Mogg's $ign Of 4, Noel Redding, Dennis Locorriere, Deborah Bonham and again the Crazy World of Arthur Brown (Vampire Suite album) and Thunderclap Newman (Beyond Hollywood) among others.
List of Track Record artists 1967–1978
Arthur Brown
Roger Daltrey
Eire Apparent
John Entwistle
Andy Ellison
Fairport Convention
Golden Earring
The Heartbreakers
The Jimi Hendrix Experience
Marsha Hunt
John's Children
John Lennon and Yoko Ono
The Parliaments
Murray Roman
Shakin' Stevens
Pete Townshend
Thunderclap Newman
The Who
John Otway and Wild Willy Barrett
References
External links
British independent record labels
British record labels
Record labels established in 1966
Rock record labels
The Who
Frank Simpson (born January 26, 1945) is an American politician who served in the Oklahoma Senate from the 14th district from 2010 to 2022. In 2022 he was term limited from the Oklahoma Legislature.
References
1945 births
Living people
Oklahoma state senators
Oklahoma Republicans
21st-century American politicians
The rape of Fano (also outrage of Fano) is an alleged scandal that would have taken place on 26 or 27 May 1537 in the eponymous city (Papal States), involving the warlord Pier Luigi Farnese who raped the Bishop of the city, Cosimo Gheri, during an inspection of the Marche fortresses. Its historical veracity is matter of debate. The event is recorded by the Florentine historian Benedetto Varchi in the 16th book of his Storia fiorentina (first published in 1721). Nevertheless, a letter by Pietro Bembo, dated 5 January 1538, seems to confirm Varchi's account.
History
Incident
The office of Gonfalonier of the Church being vacant, Pope Paul III of the House of Farnese let himself be convinced that his son Pier Luigi, an expert captain and faithful to him, could be the most suitable to hold it. In the consistory of 31 January 1537 the Pontiff perfected the appointment and the next day, in St. Peter's Basilica, he entrusted Pier Luigi with the sword and the banner of Captain of the Church. Farnese immediately began a journey through the territories of the Papal States, easily bending every resistance and reaching Piacenza (Emilia-Romagna) triumphantly. It was during this trip that the alleged scandal took place. The full account by Varchi:
Cosimo Gheri died in that year, on 24 September, supposedly of pain due to the shock.
Reaction
The contemporaries have left many stories of Pier Luigi Farnese's unbridled sexuality and his homosexual tendencies, but the so-called rape of Fano had an international echo, being also instrumentalized, due to its connection with the Pope's family, in religious controversies between Catholics and Protestants. Pier Luigi Farnese's sexuality became target of frequent satires ("pasquinate") and the poet Niccolò Franco of Benevento (1515 – 1570) invented the verb "pierluigiare", meaning "to sodomize by force". When Farnese was killed in 1547, a satirical epigram among much so imagined his descent into hell:
References
Fano
History of the Papal States
House of Farnese
Rape in Italy
Rape of males
Sex scandals
Violence against men in Europe
The Woman in Black is a 1914 silent film drama directed by Lawrence Marston and starring Lionel Barrymore and Alan Hale. It was produced by the Biograph Company and distributed by the General Film Company.
The film has been preserved in paper print form in the Library of Congress collection.
Cast
Lionel Barrymore – Robert Crane
Alan Hale – Frank Mansfield
Mrs. Lawrence Marston – Zenda, The Woman in Black
Marie Newton – Mary, the Gypsy Girl
Millicent Evans – Stella Everett
Charles Hill Mailes – Mr. Everett
Hector V. Sarno
Jack Drumier
Frank Evans
See also
Lionel Barrymore filmography
References
External links
The Woman in Black at IMDb.com
1914 films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Biograph Company films
Silent American drama films
1914 drama films
Films directed by Lawrence Marston
1910s American films
Uroleptus lamella is a species of ciliates.
Description
The organism is green coloured, and is hairy. Just like Uroleptus musculus, it is U-shaped and has an elongated body with 3 frontals, and 2-4 rows of ventral cirri. It has no transverse cirri, and its "collar" can extend a short distance along right side of the body.
References
Species described in 1831
Spirotrichea
Miguel Ángel Ramírez Medina (born 23 October 1984) is a Spanish football manager, most recently in charge of American club Charlotte FC.
Career
Early career
Born in Las Palmas, Canary islands, Ramírez joined UD Las Palmas' youth categories in 2003, from AD Claret. In 2011 he moved to Greece, initially to work at AEK FC's youth setup, but subsequently worked at Panathinaikos FC and Olympiacos due to the economic crisis.
In 2012, after a year back at Las Palmas, Ramírez spent a few months working as a scout for Deportivo Alavés before moving to Qatar, joining the Aspire Academy. In 2018, after being also in charge of Qatar's under-14 football team and being assistant of compatriot Félix Sánchez Bas in the under-19s, he moved to Ecuador and was appointed manager of CSD Independiente del Valle's under-18 squad.
Independiente del Valle
On 7 May 2019, after compatriot Ismael Rescalvo was appointed in charge of CS Emelec, Ramírez was appointed manager of the first team. He led the club to the title of the 2019 Copa Sudamericana, the first of his career and the first international accolade of the club's history.
On 19 December 2020, Ramírez confirmed his departure from Del Valle after nearly two years as a manager.
Internacional
On 2 March 2021, Ramírez was announced as manager of Brazilian Série A side Internacional on a two-year contract. On 11 June, being knocked out of the Copa do Brasil by Série B side Vitória, he was sacked.
Charlotte FC
On 7 July 2021, Ramírez was announced as the new head coach of American club Charlotte FC for the club's first season in Major League Soccer. After 14 league matches in charge, Ramirez was sacked on 31 May 2022. This came even though Charlotte FC was tied for eighth place in the Eastern Conference at the time, just short of playoff position.
According to team captain Christian Fuchs, there were a number of "fractures" between the players and Ramírez. Fuchs told WBTV that when he tried to address problems with Ramírez, all too often "the door was shut and that didn't feel good." Fuchs added that Ramírez almost never did post-match analyses with the players, despite their youth.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Independiente del Valle
Copa Sudamericana: 2019
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Las Palmas
Spanish football managers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A manager
C.S.D. Independiente del Valle managers
Sport Club Internacional managers
Spanish expatriate football managers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Ecuador
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate football managers in Greece
Expatriate football managers in Qatar
Expatriate football managers in Ecuador
Expatriate football managers in Brazil
Expatriate soccer managers in the United States
Charlotte FC non-playing staff
Major League Soccer coaches
Raymond of Tripoli may refer to:
Raymond I of Tripoli (Raymond IV, Count of Toulouse), (c. 1041 or 1042 –1105), Count of Toulouse, Duke of Narbonne, Margrave of Provence & a leader of the First Crusade
Raymond II, Count of Tripoli (c.1115–1152)
Raymond III, Count of Tripoli (1140–1187), also Prince of Galilee and Tiberias
Raymond IV, Count of Tripoli (died 1199), also prince regent of Antioch
Outset Media Corporation is a Canadian company which develops and distributes family entertainment products, specializing in board games, party games, card games, and jigsaw puzzles. In addition to developing its own games, Outset Media also distributes games and puzzles in Canada for United States-based companies.
History
The company was founded in 1996 by 23-year-old university student David Manga, originally with the sole purpose of publishing and distributing a single board game called All Canadian Trivia. Development of the product was 16 months. The original edition of All Canadian Trivia was released in May 1997. While the Original edition went on to become a Canadian bestseller - breaking 100,000 copies sold in Canada, the French edition was a flop and sold less than 3,000 copies.
A limited print-run Millennium Edition of All Canadian Trivia was released in 1999. The game's creator embarked on a two-month guerilla marketing campaign across Canada to promote the game. David Manga was selected as one of a hundred young Canadians to watch in the new millennium by Maclean's magazine.
In 2002, Outset Media nearly closed its doors after its largest customer, Stewart House Publishing, a former gift division of book publisher McClelland & Stewart, ran into financial difficulties and went into bankruptcy. With nearly 50% of its annual revenue in bad debt and unrecoverable, Outset Media was bailed out with angel investments from family members and financing from the Royal Bank of Canada. Later that year, Outset Media added a new division, distributing other companies' games in Canada, when it began to distribute the line of "opoly" games from US-based Late for the Sky.
In 2003, Outset Media made its first appearance on the Profit magazine's annual ranking of Canada's Fastest-Growing Companies. The company would appear on the Profit 100 list for six consecutive years from 2003 to 2008.
Professor Noggin's
Outset Media's most recognized brand is the Professor Noggin's series of educational card games. First published in 2002, the series now includes 39 different titles, and has garnered 14 international toy awards to date. Over 1,000,000 copies have been sold worldwide, and the series has been translated into French as "Professeur Caboche".
Cobble Hill Puzzles
Cobble Hill Puzzle Co. is the sister company of Outset Media. The Cobble Hill brand is exclusively distributed by Outset Media in North America and has a worldwide distribution in 14 international markets. Cobble Hill big box puzzles are wholly made in the USA. The jigsaw puzzle, box board, and shrink film is 100% recyclable and the brand is considered environmentally friendly meeting all CONEG requirements, as well as meet or exceed all requirements by CPSIA. The line includes 2000 piece, 1000 pieces, 500 pieces, 400 piece Family Pieces puzzle, 350 piece Family Pieces puzzles, 275 piece Easy Handling puzzles, 180 pieces, 60 pieces, Floor Puzzles and Tray Puzzles.
In 2018, Cobble Hill puzzles are used throughout the Sony Picture Classics film, Puzzle (2018 film), directed by Marc Turtletaub and written by Oren Moverman. Cobble Hill puzzles are used as props for the retail store and are widely seen in the Theatrical release poster, as well as throughout the Official Movie Trailer.
Supplier of the Year
The Neighbourhood Toy Stores of Canada (NETS), a non-profit association representing independent toy retailers across Canada, has named Outset Media the "Supplier of the Year" six times(2004–2007, 2011, and 2013-2014), beating out such companies as Hasbro, Irwin Toy, Lego, Mattel, and Playmobil.
In 2013, Outset Media was named Supplier of the Year by the Canadian Gift Association (CGA), formerly CGTA. This is the first time CGA has awarded a company who isn't focused specifically on the gift industry.
International partnerships
Outset Media has developed distribution partnerships with several European and American game and puzzle companies, including MindWare, Patch Products (now PlayMonster), Fat Brain Toys, Royal & Langnickel, Late for the Sky, SmartLab Toys, Pressman Toy Corporation, Goliath Games, Popular Playthings, Cheatwell Games, Maranda, Monkey Business Sports, Cobble Hill Puzzles, and D-Toys Puzzles.
List of products
Games developed by Outset Media
All American Trivia
All Canadian Trivia
American Trivia Family Edition
Artifact, The Hunt for Stolen Treasure
Beam Me Up
Camper Damper
Canada-Opoly
Canadian Trivia Family Edition
Charades In-A-Box
Chicago Cribbage
Conjecture
Family Scavenger Hunt
Noggin Playground Preschool Games
Pond Hockey-Opoly
Professor Noggin's
Quebec-Opoly
Rhyme Thyme
Silent But Deadly
Skullduggery
The Great Dragon Race
Ultimate Baseball Trivia
Ultimate Hockey Trivia
What? Games 100 Best Party Game Runner-Up
What? Girls Night Edition
Games licensed by Outset Media
Car Tag
Dung Deck
Fart
Humm Bug
Kids Charades
Know Your Partner
MindTrap
PickTwo
Saucy Charades
SideLinks
Telepaths
Them and Us
Theories
Word Thief
Games distributed in Canada by Outset Media
5-Second Rule
Bed Bugs
BuzzWord
CrossCribb
Farkle
Horse-Opoly
Malarky
Q-Bitz
Qwirkle
Stratego
What's Yours Like
Word Shout
References
External links
Companies established in 1996
Card game publishing companies
Board game publishing companies
Game manufacturers
St. George & St. Mary Mother of God Macedonian Orthodox Church (, Makedonska Pravoslavna Crkva „Sv. Ǵorǵi i Presveta Bogorodica“) is the Macedonian Orthodox church located in Epping, a suburb of northern Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Constructed in 1995, the church is built next to the Macedonian Community Centre. Attendance by parishioners averages at some 200 per liturgy. Orthodox services are conducted in Macedonian. From the late 2010s English language services are also performed, due to the changing needs of the congregation.
Gallery
See also
Macedonian Australians
References
External links
Facebook
Macedonian Orthodox churches in Melbourne
1995 establishments in Australia
Churches completed in 1995
Macedonian-Australian culture
Braian Ezequiel Mansilla (born 16 April 1997) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Russian club Orenburg, on loan from Racing Club.
Club career
Mansilla came up through the youth ranks of Racing Club. He made his league debut on 19 October 2015 against Boca Juniors.
On 28 June 2021, he joined Platense on loan.
On 5 July 2022, Mansilla moved to Russian Premier League club Orenburg.
References
1997 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Footballers from Rosario, Santa Fe
Association football forwards
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Quilmes Atlético Club footballers
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata footballers
Vitória F.C. players
S.C. Farense players
Club Atlético Platense footballers
FC Orenburg players
Argentine Primera División players
Primeira Liga players
Russian Premier League players
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Russia
The Ongi River () flows from the southeastern slopes of the Khangai Mountains in Övörkhangai Province for through the endorheic Ongi River Basin in Mongolia and through the aimag capital Arvaikheer. In some particularly wet years, it used to empty into Ulaan Lake in north central Ömnögovi Province, in most years it dries up earlier. In recent years it has been additionally threatened by 37 mining operations within the basin, but successful pressure by Tsetsgeegiin Mönkhbayar and the Ongi River Basin Movement helped convince 35 of the operations to cease explorations and harmful activities in the region. The water and groundwater in this area may be contaminated with mercury and cyanide from the mining industry.
See also
List of rivers of Mongolia
References
Rivers of Mongolia
Ronald Rae is a Scottish sculptor born in Ayr, Scotland, in 1946. His works are entirely hand-carved in granite. He has over fifty outdoor granite sculptures in public and private collections throughout the UK. His largest work to date is the 20 tonne Lion of Scotland. Solo exhibitions include Regent's Park, London (1999–2002) and Holyrood Park, Edinburgh. (2006–2007)
Collections
Public works include Widow Woman, purchased for the permanent collection of the Jerwood Foundation.
In April 2009, Rae's eight-tonne sculpture Fish was installed on the waterfront at Cramond after a successful fundraising campaign by the Cramond Community. The sculpture was carved from a 460 million-year-old granite stone in the grounds of Cramond Kirk over a period of eight months.
In February 2008, the sculpture Fallen Christ was sited outside the MacLeod Centre on the island of Iona and dedicated to the memory of Jim Hughes a member of the Iona Community.
Other granite sculptures in public sites include O Wert Thou in the Cauld Blast at Milton Keynes Railway Station, five sculptures depicting The Tragic Sacrifice of Christ in Rozelle Park, Alloway and Abraham at the Royal Edinburgh Hospital, Return of the Prodigal at Aviva, Perth, Famine and Mark of the Nail at St John's Church, Edinburgh, The Good Samaritan at Riverside Park, Glenrothes, Sheep at Almond Valley Heritage Centre, Livingston, Sacred Cow at Victoria Quays, Sheffield, Insect and Celtic Cross at Erdington Railway Station, Birmingham, Elephant and Rhino at Dormston Art Centre, Dudley, Hiroshima Departed at the Japanese Peace Park, Willen Lake, Milton Keynes, War Veteran and Animals in War Memorial on loan to Bletchley Park, The Cramond Fish at Cramond Waterfront, Edinburgh, Baby Boar at Aberdeen Airport. Heavy Horse and Foal at the Crinan Canal on temporary loan to Scottish Canals. Horse and Highland Cow at Isle of Eriska Hotel, Argyll.
Portrait of Rae
Ronald Rae agreed to sit for sculptor Jon Edgar in 2011 as part of a new series of sculpture-related heads. This was exhibited at Yorkshire Sculpture Park in 2013 as part of the Sculpture Series Heads exhibition.
References
External links
Illustrated web archive of works by Ronald Rae
Pictures of granite stone sculptures by Ronnie Rae in Rozelle Park, Alloway
1946 births
British sculptors
British male sculptors
Living people
"Etcetera" is an unreleased song recorded as a demo by Paul McCartney on 20 August 1968, during a session for The Beatles (also known as "the White Album").
Background
Paul McCartney recalls in his authorised biography, Many Years from Now, that he had written the song, intending to give it to Marianne Faithfull to record, but she passed on recording it, as did the Beatles.
The music was then adapted, and given to the Black Dyke Mills Band, whose brass band instrumental version "Thingumybob" became the A-side of one of the first four simultaneously-released singles on the Beatles' new record label Apple.
Recording
The song was recorded as a demo during the same session that produced other "White Album" songs "Mother Nature's Son" and "Wild Honey Pie". McCartney recorded one take of the song while waiting for session musicians to arrive. After the take was recorded, the tape was taken away by George Martin's assistant, Chris Thomas. The recording is said to have lyrics, a bridge, and an introduction that is reminiscent of "Here, There and Everywhere".
Unreleased status
McCartney himself has not spoken well of "Etcetera". He has stated that "it's a bad song" and that he's "glad it died in a tape bin". On the other hand, engineer Alan Brown called it "a very beautiful song." Brown described the song as a "ballad and has the word 'etcetera' several times in the lyric. I only heard it twice: when [McCartney] recorded it and when we played it back to him. The tape was taken away and I've never heard of it since."
Music critic Richie Unterberger describes "Etcetera" as "the second most sought-after outtake" from the White Album. In terms of the tape itself, Unterberger writes that EMI engineer Alan Brown recalled that the tape is no longer in EMI's vaults. However, an acetate copy of the song has surfaced in McCartney's personal archive in the early years of the 21st century. The song has yet to be released officially.
Personnel
Paul McCartney – vocals, acoustic guitar
Personnel per The Beatles Bible.
References
Bibliography
1960s ballads
The Beatles songs
Unreleased songs
Songs written by Paul McCartney
Serinyaka, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Runica (; ) is a village in the Lipkovo municipality, in North Macedonia. In the Middle Ages, there was a village called Rućinci (), which was one of the villages granted (metochion) by sevastokrator Dejan (fl. 1346-1366) to the Arhiljevica.
History
Descendants of the Krasniqi fis were recorded in the villages of Gošince, Slupčane, Alaševce and Runica in 1965.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 69 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Albanians 69
References
External links
Villages in Lipkovo Municipality
Albanian communities in North Macedonia
The Asia House Festival of Asian Literature, is the first and only Literary festival in the UK dedicated to writing about Asia.
The Festival focuses on the newest and best books about Asia or Asians in an annual series of talks and discussions. Featured are fiction and non-fiction, written by Asians or non-Asians, covering a broad selection of Asian countries from the Persian Gulf in the West, to Indonesia in the East.
Believing that the most accessible way to understand a culture is through its literature, The Asia House Festival of Asian Literature offers a forum for the people of Britain to gain greater understanding of Asian cultures and of the Asian communities around them at home.
Introduction and history
The first Asia House Festival of Asian Literature was held at Asia House in Central London, in May 2007. Founded by Adrienne Loftus Parkins, its current Director, it grew as a natural progression of an ongoing literature programme which has been running at Asia House since 2001. The Times has been the media partner of the Festival since its inception. The Festival is also supported by The National Lottery through Arts Council England. The Asia House produces the Festival in partnership with The Asian Word.
The Festival showcases both high-profile and emerging authors. Since its inception, the Festival has hosted authors such as: veteran writer/broadcaster Sir Mark Tully, Man Booker Prize winners Kiran Desai and Aravind Adiga, Tash Aw, Pankaj Mishra, Xiaolu Guo, Romesh Gunesekera, Kamila Shamsie, Daniyal Mueenuddin, Nadeem Aslam, Mohsin Hamid, Mohammed Hanif, Sarfraz Manzoor, Michael Wood, Will Hutton, William Dalrymple, Amitav Ghosh, former UN Under-Secretary of State Shashi Tharoor, Xue Xinran, Amit Chaudhuri, Charles Allen, John Gittings, Chinese dissident writer Ma Jian, and Hardeep Singh Kohli.
Asia House Festival of Asian Literature
2010 Program
Festival features
Features include "Meet the Author" receptions after each event, Panel Discussions, Poetry, Podcast of all events, and a child in Asia Series, .
Themes
Overall themes for 2010 relate to Change and Adaptation to 21st century issues, whether they be political, economic, social or cultural.
Debates and discussions in 2010 cover conflict in Kashmir, democracy and freedom in Asia, Afghanistan, migration and displacement, Persian Gulf economies, and the development of Pakistani fiction.
Authors
The Festival has grown to include events for both adults and children and encompassing music, travel, politics, business, cooking as well as fiction.
Authors appearing in 2010 are: Fatima Bhutto, William Dalrymple, Yasmin Alibhai-Brown, Janine di Giovanni, Chang-rae Lee, Atiq Rahimi, Peter Marsden, Daljit Nagra, Moniza Alvi, Imtiaz Dharker, Kavita Jindal, Hirsh Sawhney, Glen Peters, Diane Wei Liang, Michael Booth, John Kampfner, Humphrey Hawksley, Basharat Peer, Victoria Schofield, Justine Hardy, Jaspreet Singh, Neel Mukherjee, Tishani Doshi, Nitasha Kaul, Azadeh Moaveni, Persian Gulf experts Christopher Davidson and Jim Krane, Ali Sethi, Aamer Hussein, Francis Pike and 2008 Man Asian Prize winner Miguel Syjuco.
Children's authors and artists
Elizabeth Laird, Seema Anand, Nilesh Mistry and Prodeepta Das.
Dates
The 2010 Asia House Festival of Asian Literature ran from 5–27 May 2010 at Asia House. Pre Festival events took place in March, April and June, 2010.
2011 program
Authors
Colin Thubron, Zaiba Malik, Nikesh Shukla, Tahmima Anam, Ching-He Huang, Prajwal Parajuly, Wendy Law Yone, Moni Mohsin, Rachel Cusk, Mimi Khalvati, Ziba Karbassi, Stephen Watts, Mirza Waheed, Roma Tearne, Daisy Hasan, Tamara Chalabi, Ali Allawi, Angela Saini, Amanda Devi, Abdulrazak Gurnah, Tabish Khair, and Hanif Kureishi.
The 2011 Asia House Festival of Asian Literature will run from 10–26 May at Asia House.
Asia House
Asia House is the home of The Festival of Asian Literature. Founded in 1996, it is the leading Pan-Asian organisation in the UK. A non-profit, non-political body, its geographical remit extends from the Persian Gulf in the West to Indonesia in the East.
Its mission is to “engage with the Century of Asia” by promoting a greater understanding of the distinctive and varied cultures, arts, religions and commercial opportunities presented by the growing and vibrant countries of Asia.
Based in a listed John Adam style 18th century townhouse in Marylebone, Central London, featuring a Gallery, Library, Café, and three Fine Rooms, it provides a focal point for people to meet and exchange ideas.
References
External links
Asia House's official website
Festivals in London
Literary festivals in England
Rowsburg is an unincorporated community in Ashland County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Rowsburg was laid out and platted in 1835 by Michael D. Row, and named for him. A former variant name of Rowsburg was Rows. A post office called Rows was established in 1840, and remained in operation until 1905.
Notable person
Rufus Cole, a medical researcher and first director of the Rockefeller University Hospital, was born in Rowsburg in 1872.
References
Unincorporated communities in Ashland County, Ohio
1835 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1835
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Lehimli, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Logan County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 16 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Logan County
Buildings and structures in Logan County, Oklahoma
Kudrovo () is a town in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located east of and immediately adjacent to the city of St. Petersburg. Formerly a village, it was granted town status on 29 June 2018. The population estimates of Kudrovo vary between 20 and 50 thousand.
History
In 2010, the population of the village was just over 100. Subsequently, intensive high-rise residential construction started, and apartments were sold to individuals who had jobs in nearby Saint Petersburg. The infrastructure lagged considerably behind this development. There is no industry or large-scale infrastructure in Kudrovo.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is incorporated, together with the urban-type settlement of Yanino-1 and a number of rural localities, within Vsevolozhsky District as Zanevskoye Settlement Municipal Formation. As a municipal division, Zanevskoye Settlement Municipal Formation is incorporated within Vsevolozhsky Municipal District as Zanevskoye Urban Settlement.
Economy
Transportation
Ulitsa Dybenko station, a metro station of the Saint Petersburg Metro, is located less than a kilometer from the western boundary of Kudrovo. Buses connect Kudrovo with this station. Kudrovo is separated from Saint Petersburg by a railway line, which does not have passenger traffic.
References
Notes
Sources
Cities and towns in Leningrad Oblast
Sankt-Peterburgsky Uyezd
Anne Murray is a Canadian singer.
Anne or Annie Murray may also refer to:
Anne Firth Murray (born 1935), New Zealand author, professor, and nonprofit founder
Anne Halkett (1623–1699), née Murray, religious writer and autobiographer
Anne Lyon, Countess of Kinghorne, Scottish courtier said to have been the mistress of James VI.
Anne Murray, Duchess of Atholl (1814–1897), Scottish courtier and close friend of Queen Victoria
Anne Murray (album), a 1996 album by the singer
Anne Murray (gentlewoman) (1755–1849), author
Anne Murray, Viscountess Bayning, on List of life peerages before 1876
Anne Murray (camogie) in Gael Linn Cup 1987
Anne Murray (cricketer) (born 1961), Irish cricketer
Anne Murray Christmas from Todd Thicke
Anne Murray Dike (1879–1929), American doctor, chair of the American Committee for Devastated France
Annie Murray (1906–1996), Scottish nurse in the Spanish Civil War
Annie Murray (writer), British romance writer
See also
Ann Murray (born 1949), Irish mezzo-soprano
Pakowhai is a small settlement in the Hastings District and Hawke's Bay Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is a located between Napier and Hastings, north of the Ngaruroro River.
Mission Estate Winery established its first vineyard in Hawke's Bay at Pakowhai in 1851.
The Pakowhai Regional Park is located on the river's south bank. It is a country park, with dog-walking areas and agility features. It hosts community planting days, and attracts kaka from inland mountains.
A new petrol station was controversially proposed for the area in 2019.
Demographics
The statistical area of Omahu-Pakowhai, which covers 46 square kilometres and also includes Omahu and Waiohiki, had a population of 1,434 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 342 people (31.3%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 273 people (23.5%) since the 2006 census. There were 429 households. There were 774 males and 660 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.17 males per female. The median age was 39.8 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 276 people (19.2%) aged under 15 years, 282 (19.7%) aged 15 to 29, 666 (46.4%) aged 30 to 64, and 210 (14.6%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 61.9% European/Pākehā, 37.9% Māori, 8.6% Pacific peoples, 1.3% Asian, and 2.1% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 14.0%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 47.3% had no religion, 38.1% were Christian, 0.8% were Hindu, 0.6% were Muslim, 0.6% were Buddhist and 7.9% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 174 (15.0%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 240 (20.7%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $27,900, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 648 (56.0%) people were employed full-time, 195 (16.8%) were part-time, and 51 (4.4%) were unemployed.
Education
Pakowhai School is a Year 1-6 co-educational state primary school, with a roll of as of
References
Hastings District
Populated places in the Hawke's Bay Region
SS Samuel G. Howe was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. She was named after Samuel G. Howe, a nineteenth century American physician, abolitionist, and an advocate of education for the blind.
Construction
Samuel G. Howe was laid down on 7 September 1944, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 2324, by J.A. Jones Construction, Panama City, Florida; sponsored by Mrs. Jimmy Mann, wife of plant superintendent, and launched on 17 October 1944.
History
She was allocated to Isbrandstsen Steamship Co. Inc., 30 October 1944. On 8 September 1948, she was laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Mobile, Alabama.
She was sold for scrapping, 17 January 1969, to Union Minerals and Alloys Corp., for $40,125. She was withdrawn from the fleet, 27 January 1969.
References
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Panama City, Florida
1944 ships
Mobile Reserve Fleet
HMS Ursa was a modified Admiralty destroyer that served in the Royal Navy during the First World War. The Modified R class added attributes of the Yarrow Later M class to improve the capability of the ships to operate in bad weather. Launched in 1917, the vessel saw service as part of the Grand Fleet. The destroyer took part in the Second Battle of Heligoland Bight while being commanded by Commander John Tovey, who later became Admiral of the Fleet and led the successful action against the battleship Bismark. The vessel was also one of the first destroyers to launch a torpedo at the enemy during the battle. After the war, Ursa was transferred to the Home Fleet, but was sold to be broken up in 1928.
Design and development
Ursa was one of eleven Modified destroyers ordered by the British Admiralty in March 1916 as part of the Eighth War Construction Programme. The design was a development of the existing R class, adding features from the Yarrow Later M class which had been introduced based on wartime experience. The forward two boilers were transposed and vented through a single funnel, enabling the bridge and forward gun to be placed further aft. Combined with hull-strengthening, this improved the destroyers' ability to operate at high speed in bad weather.
Ursa was long overall and long between perpendiculars, with a beam of and a draught of . Displacement was normal and at deep load. Power was provided by three Yarrow boilers feeding two Brown-Curtis geared steam turbines rated at and driving two shafts, to give a design speed of . Two funnels were fitted. A total of of fuel oil were carried, giving a design range of at .
Armament consisted of three single Mk V QF guns on the ship's centreline, with one on the forecastle, one aft on a raised platform and one between the funnels. Increased elevation extended the range of the gun by to . A single 2-pounder "pom-pom anti-aircraft gun was carried on a platform between two twin mounts for torpedoes. The ship had a complement of 82 officers and ratings.
Construction and careers
Laid down by Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company in Jarrow, Ursa was launched on 23 July 1917 and completed on 16 October. The vessel was the first of the name. On commissioning, Ursa joined the Thirteenth Destroyer Flotilla of the Grand Fleet, On 28 September 1917, Commander John Tovey took over command of the vessel, a position that he held until 2 April 1918.
On 17 November 1917, Ursa took part in the Second Battle of Heligoland Bight in support of the 1st Cruiser Squadron, led by Vice-Admiral Trevylyan Napier in . Leading a destroyer force that included sisterships and , as well as , the destroyer was one of the first to launch torpedoes at the German ships in the action. It was while commanding Ursa that Tovey was awarded the Croix de Guerre "for distinguished services rendered during the war". At the end of World War I, the destroyer was still part of the Thirteenth Destroyer Flotilla under the cruiser .
When the Grand Fleet was disbanded at the end of the First World War, Ursa was transferred to the Home Fleet, under the Flag of , remaining with the battleship on reserve at Portsmouth from 13 December 1919. In 1923, the Navy decided to retire many of the older destroyers in preparation for the introduction of newer and larger vessels. Ursa was sold to J. Smith on 13 July 1928 and broken up.
Pennant numbers
References
Citations
Bibliography
1917 ships
Ships built on the River Tyne
R-class destroyers (1916)
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
Kózki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Former Residence of Sun Yat-sen can refer to any of the following places which the Chinese revolutionary Dr. Sun Yat-sen had lived in:
Former Residence of Sun Yat-Sen (Shanghai)
Sun Yat Sen Memorial House in Macau
Former Residence of Sun Yat-sen (Cuiheng)
A referendum on building an airfield was held in the Pitcairn Islands in March 1981. With the island only accessible by boat, around 90% voted in favour of constructing an airfield. The Island Council supported the construction of an airfield. However, construction was too expensive for the British Authorities.
Results
References
1981 referendums
1981
1981 in the Pitcairn Islands
March 1981 events in Oceania
San Francesco is a romanesque/gothic-style, church located in Acquasparta, Province of Terni, region of Umbria, Italy.
Located outside the city walls of the town, the church was commissioned in 1294 by Cardinal Matteo Bentivenga. The church was once attached to a Franciscan monastery, of which the refectory and cloister still survive. Inside the church is a venerated icon of the Virgin and Child from the 14th century, titled the Madonna della Stella. There is also a copy of a depiction of St Francis painted by Margheritone di Arezzo. The painted crucifix in the church (14th century) was completed by San Giovanni di Butris.
References
Churches in the province of Terni
Gothic architecture in Umbria
Romanesque architecture in Umbria
13th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Churches completed in 1294
John (Jean) Iliopoulos (Greek: Ιωάννης Ηλιόπουλος; 1940, Kalamata, Greece) is a Greek physicist. He is the first person to present the Standard Model of particle physics in a single report. He is best known for his prediction of the charm quark with Sheldon Glashow and Luciano Maiani (the "GIM mechanism"). Iliopoulos is also known for demonstrating the cancellation of anomalies in the Standard model. He is further known for the Fayet-Iliopoulos D-term formula, which was introduced in 1974. He is currently an honorary member of Laboratory of theoretical physics of École Normale Supérieure, Paris.
Biography
Iliopoulos graduated from National Technical University of Athens (NTUA) in 1962 as a Mechanical-Electrical Engineer. He continued his studies in the field of Theoretical Physics in University of Paris, and in 1963 he obtained the D.E.A, in 1965 the Doctorat 3e Cycle, and in 1968 the Doctorat d' Etat titles. Between the years 1966 and 1968 he was a scholar at CERN, Geneva. From 1969 till 1971 he was a Research Associate in Harvard University. In 1971 he returned in Paris and began working at CNRS. He also held the director position of the Laboratory of Theoretical Physics of Ecole Normale Superieure between the years 1991-1995 and 1998-2002. In 2002, Iliopoulos was the first recipient of the Aristeio prize, which has been instituted to recognize Greeks who have made significant contributions towards furthering their chosen fields of science. Iliopoulos and Maiani were jointly awarded the 1987 Sakurai Prize for theoretical particle physics. In 2007 Iliopoulos and Maiani received the Dirac Medal of the ICTP "(f)or their work on the physics of the charm quark, a major contribution to the birth of the Standard Model, the modern theory of Elementary Particles."
Scientific work
Iliopoulos is a specialist in high energy theoretical physics and elementary particle physics. In 1970, in collaboration with Sheldon Glashow and Luciano Maïani, he introduced the so-called "GIM mechanism" (named after the three authors) which is an essential element of the theory of fundamental interactions known as the "Standard Model ". This mechanism postulates the existence of a new elementary particle, the "charmed" quark, a prediction that was confirmed by experience. In 1972, in collaboration with Claude Bouchiat and Philippe Meyer, he demonstrated that the mathematical coherence of the Standard Model requires symmetry between the elementary constituents of matter, namely quarks (which form hadrons such as proton and neutron) and leptons (such as electron, muon and neutrinos). This symmetry is also verified experimentally.
Iliopoulos was one of the pioneers of supersymetry, the hypothetical symmetry that links fermions and bosons. He showed that it has remarkable convergence properties and, in collaboration with P. Fayet, he proposed a mechanism that leads to its spontaneous breakage. He also studied some aspects of the quantum theory of gravitation as well as the mathematical properties of invariant gauge theories formulated in a non-commutative geometric space.
Most significant publications
J. Iliopoulos, Aux origines de la masse, EDP Sciences (2015)
L. Baulieu, J. Iliopoulos, R. Sénéor, From Classical to Quantum Fields, Oxford University Press (2017)
Theodore N. Tomaras, John Iliopoulos, Elementary Particle Physics - The Standard Theory, Oxford University Press (2021)
Awards
1978 Paul Langevin Prize of the French Physical Society
1980 Corresponding Member, Academy of Athens, Greece
1984 Jean Ricard Prize of the French Physical Society
1987 Sakurai Prize of the American Physical Society
1990 / 2002 Corresponding / Full Member of the French Academy of Sciences
1996 Doctor honoris causa, Université de la Méditerranée, Aix-Marseille, France
1999 Doctor honoris causa, University of Crete, Greece
2002 Doctor honoris causa, University of Ioannina, Greece
2002 Doctor honoris causa, University of Athens, Greece
2002 Bodossaki Prize
2005 Matteucci Medal, Accademia Nazionale delle Scienze, detta dei XL
2007 Dirac Medal, Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics, Trieste, Italy
2011 High Energy Physics Prize, European Physical Society
2013 Three Physicists Prize, Ecole Normale Supérieure, France
See also
GIM mechanism
References
1940 births
Living people
20th-century Greek physicists
Theoretical physicists
University of Paris alumni
National Technical University of Athens alumni
École Normale Supérieure faculty
Harvard University faculty
People associated with CERN
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Corresponding Members of the Academy of Athens (modern)
J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics recipients
Recipients of the Matteucci Medal
Scientists from Kalamata
Greek emigrants to France
The yellow-billed barbet (Trachyphonus purpuratus) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.
It is found in Angola, Benin, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Togo, and Uganda.
References
yellow-billed barbet
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
yellow-billed barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Leo Ignatius Bohen (September 30, 1890 – April 8, 1942) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He started one game for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season and made one relief appearance for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the season.
References
1890 births
1942 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Athletics players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Baseball players from Iowa
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Helena Senators players
Missoula (minor league baseball) players
Reading Pretzels players
Peoria Distillers players
Moline Plowboys players
People from Pottawattamie County, Iowa
Douglas Gunn (August 31, 1841 – November 26, 1891) was an American scholar, publisher, pioneer and Republican politician from California.
Born Lewis Douglas Gunn on August 31, 1841, in Wheelersburg, Ohio, to Dr. Lewis Carstairs Gunn and Elizabeth LeBreton (Stickney) Gunn. He was middle-named for Frederick Douglas. His family moved to Sonora, California, in 1852, where his father bought and ran the Sonora Herald. In 1861, his family moved to San Francisco, where his father edited the Times, then they moved again in 1868 to San Diego. During this time Douglas Gunn learned the newspaper trade, working for the San Diego Union. He lived in New Town San Diego and walked daily to Old Town, where the paper was published. In 1871, he bought the paper, moved it to New Town, and made it a daily paper. Gunn ran the paper until about 1886.
Gunn was mayor of San Diego from 1889 until 1891. When he took office, the city government was relatively unstable. Gunn was elected upon the resignation of his predecessor, Will Hunsaker, after less than one year in office due to substantial conflict with a partisan council. Prior to Hunsaker, the formerly bankrupt city had been governed by a state-controlled board of trustees for 35 years. In Gunn's election, the Republican party ran two separate tickets in the mayoral election, with Gunn on the "Citizens' Non-Partisan" ticket.
Gunn's civic works include establishing a metropolitan police department for San Diego, having the Santa Fe Railroad build tracks to San Diego, organizing a company of the National Guard, and publishing an illustrated history of the county, Picturesque San Diego (1887).
Gunn died in November 26, 1891, and is buried at Mount Hope Cemetery in San Diego, along with his parents.
See also
Obituary, Daily San Diegan, November 30, 1891, reprinted in a biography in the San Diego Historical Society
Records of a California family; journals and letters of Lewis C. Gunn and Elizabeth Le Breton Gunn (1928), edited by Anna Gunn. Available online from "California As I Saw It", American Memory, Library of Congress exhibit
. Reprinted 1956 by Riverside Museum Press. Mentioned in connection with Union Press on p. 182.
Find a Grave memorial
Mayors of San Diego
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
1841 births
1891 deaths
The San Diego Union-Tribune people
California Republicans
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
People from Wheelersburg, Ohio
Burials at Mount Hope Cemetery (San Diego)
Kruszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Margit Söderholm (1905–1986) was a Swedish writer. Her prize-winning 1943 historical romance novel Sunshine Follows Rain was adapted into a 1946 film of the same title. Her 1954 novel Clouds Over Hellesta was made into a 1956 film.
Selected works
Sunshine Follows Rain (1943)
All the World's Delights (1946)
Meeting in Vienna (1951)
Clouds Over Hellesta (1953)
References
Bibliography
Gunnar Iverson, Astrid Soderbergh Widding & Tytti Soila. Nordic National Cinemas. Routledge, 2005.
Further reading
1905 births
1986 deaths
Writers from Stockholm
20th-century Swedish women writers
Swedish novelists
The ethmoidal nerves, which arise from the nasociliary nerve, supply the ethmoidal cells; the posterior branch leaves the orbital cavity through the posterior ethmoidal foramen and gives some filaments to the sphenoidal sinus. There are two ethmoidal nerves on each side of the face:
posterior ethmoidal nerve
anterior ethmoidal nerve
References
External links
ufl.edu
Trigeminal nerve
A boys' choir is a choir primarily made up of choirboys who have yet to begin puberty or are in the early to middle stages of puberty and so retain their more highly pitched childhood voice type. Members of a boys' choir are technically known as trebles and often termed boy sopranos," although occasionally some boys sing in the alto range. Some boys' choirs of churches or cathedrals are further supported by older male voices singing tenor and bass; these singers are sometimes former choirboys. The world's oldest active boys' choir is the Regensburger Domspatzen at Regensburg and was founded in 975.
Middle ages & early development
Boys' choirs, as a Western World cultural tradition, developed in the Middle Ages. Boys were then responsible for contributing a treble sound to church music, since women were typically barred from the performance of sacred music in a public (gender mixed) context. Some of the oldest existing boys' choirs—such as the Vienna Boys' Choir—trace their roots back to this time.
In 1498, more than half a millennium ago, Emperor Maximilian I moved his court and his court musicians from Innsbruck to Vienna. He gave specific instructions that there were to be six boys among his musicians. For want of a foundation charter, historians have settled on 1498 as the official foundation date of the Vienna Hofmusikkapelle and—in consequence—the Vienna Boys' Choir. Until 1918, the choir sang exclusively for the court, at mass, at private concerts and functions and on state occasions.
20th century
Today, church traditions with strong roots in the Middle Ages (in particular, Anglican, Catholic, Orthodox and Lutheran churches) continue to host many boys' choirs. The Anglican church is particularly well known for its contributions to choral works and arrangements for boys' voices. However, the general inclusion of female voices in church music since the mid-1800s has significantly reduced the importance of boys' choirs as church institutions. Many present boys' choirs were either founded or reconstituted during the first half of the 20th century as independent concert choirs. In 1917 an article in The Musical Quarterly identified - and criticized - a trend toward the foundation of many boys' choirs in the USA, which the author derided as the "boy choir fad."
Contemporary developments
The age of onset of puberty has declined to the early teens, so boys' choirs can no longer expect to retain a majority of their singers through the age of 16 or 17—as was the case when Bach wrote complex cantatas for the male treble. Boys' voices now break, on average, by the age of 13.5, leading to higher choir turnover rates and limiting the complexity of a choir's musical repertoire. In addition to these challenges, there have been instances of sexual misconduct in some choirs and choir schools.
Boys' choirs offer young males an active point of entrance into music and vocal training. They can also help to foster discipline, high standards and cultural awareness, as well as providing strong peer groups oriented around boys who identify themselves with a choir's cultural and ethical values. A greater awareness of the value of gender-specific youth work may also support the positive contributions of boys choirs.
Many choirs also provide choir alumni with extensive opportunities - often coupled with continued vocal coaching - to support their vocal transition to altos, tenors and basses and to stimulate their continued artistic development.
Notes and references
External links
Boy Choirs website, hosts several articles of interest.
Types of musical groups
Christian youth organizations
Złotki may refer to:
Złotki, Węgrów County
Kolonia Złotki
Szlasy-Złotki
Złotki-Pułapki
Złotki-Przeczki
Złotki-Starowieś
Mathew "Mat" Belcher, (born 20 September 1982) is an Australian sailor and a two-time Olympic gold medalist in the 470 dinghy, who currently competes with crew Will Ryan. In 2011, following World Championship and World Cup success, he and Malcolm Page were shortlisted by the International Sailing Federation for the ISAF World Sailor of the Year Awards. Belcher was selected as the Australian flag bearer for the closing ceremony of the 2020 Summer Olympics after winning a second gold medal and third successive medal in the 470 class.
Belcher is regarded as the most successful Australian Olympic sailor in history with two gold and one silver medal, adding to his 10 world titles.
Earlier years
Mathew grew up on the Gold Coast, Queensland and therefore was always surrounded by water. He was only six years old when he started sailing in a 10-year-old Sabot (dinghy) tied to the back of his parents' boat.
In 1989 at the tender age of seven Mathew competed in his first race at the Southport Yacht Club.
Sailing career
Having won the 420 World Championship in 2000, the feeder class to the 470, while still conducting his school at The Southport School on the Gold Coast, Belcher was given the distinction of carrying the Olympic flag during the closing ceremony of the 2000 Summer Olympics. At that point, he decided to become an Olympian. Coach Victor Kovalenko invited him onto the Australian 470 sailing squad where he became the tuning partner for Nathan Wilmot and Page. As a helmsman, Belcher rose to the #1 ISAF ranking in 2007 but did not qualify for the 2008 Olympics when Wilmot and Page won the 470 World Championship and then went on to represent Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Olympic Games
Together with 2008 Olympic gold medalist Malcolm Page, Belcher won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London in the 470 class. Together with Will Ryan, Belcher was runner-up in the 2016 Rio Olympics, winning the silver medal in the 470 class. In the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, Belcher and Ryan won the gold medal in the 470 class.
Recognition
2012 – Australian Sailing Awards – Male Sailor of the Year (with Malcolm Page)
2013 – Australian Sailing Awards – Male Sailor of the Year (with Will Ryan)
2013 - Australian Institute of Sport Awards – Team of the Year (with Will Ryan)
2014 – Australian Sailing Awards – Male Sailor of the Year (with Will Ryan)
2015 – Australian Sailing Awards – Male Sailor of the Year (with Will Ryan)
2019 – Australian Sailing Awards – Male Sailor of the Year (with Will Ryan)
2019 - Australian Institute of Sport Awards – Team of the Year (with Will Ryan)
2021 – Australian Sailing Awards – Male Sailor of the Year (with Will Ryan)
References
External links
Mat Belcher & Will Ryan page on Facebook
1982 births
Living people
Australian male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – 470
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – 470
Sailors at the 2020 Summer Olympics – 470
Olympic sailors of Australia
Olympic medalists in sailing
Olympic gold medalists for Australia
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
ISAF World Sailor of the Year (male)
420 class world champions
470 class world champions
Etchells class world champions
World champions in sailing for Australia
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Stefhon L. Hannah (born June 14, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Delaware 87ers of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for Chipola College and Missouri.
High school career
Hannah went to Hyde Park Career Academy where he averaged 23.1 points, 7.8 assists and 4.3 boards, leading the Indians to the Chicago Public League Red-East and Regional championships as a senior while earning first team All-Public League first team All-Area honors and All-State recognition from the Chicago Sun-Times and Chicago Tribune. He also led Hyde Park to the Blue Cross/Blue Shield Holiday Tournament title and was named the tournament's Most Valuable Player.
College career
Hannah began his college career at Chipola CC where he averaged 14.5 points, 6.5 assists, 4.4 rebounds and 3.1 steals as a sophomore to earn first team All-Panhandle Conference honors and Panhandle Player of the Year recognition. He also led the Indians with an incredible 2.1-to-1 assist-to-turnover ratio and ranked among the Top 10 junior college guards nationally by JUCO Junction.com and the No. 25 JUCO player overall by the same service.
After two years at Chipola, Hannah transferred to Missouri where he averaged 15.1 points, 3.3 rebounds, 4,8 assists and 2.2 steals, earning Big 12 Conference Newcomer of the Year by the Big 12 Coaches, Big 12 Media, Associated Press, Kansas City Star and Austin American-Statesman, Big 12 All-Rookie / Newcomer teams by the Big 12 Coaches and Kansas City Star and a Second Team All-Big 12 picks by the Kansas City Star and a Third Team choice by the Big 12 Coaches.
Hannah was involved in a nightclub fracas on January 27, 2008 that left him with a broken jaw. Following the incident, Hannah missed two weeks of classes and was subsequently dismissed from the team for failing to meet academic requirements. Hannah was charged with third-degree misdemeanor assault for his involvement in the nightclub events and eventually pled guilty to peace disturbance by fighting.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2008 NBA draft, Hannah signed with APOEL B.C. of Cyprus for the 2008–09 season. In October 2008, he left APOEL after three league games and two EuroChallenge games. In January 2009, he signed with BC Šiauliai of Lithuania for the rest of the season.
In May 2010, Hannah joined the Marietta Storm for the 2010 WBA season. He went on to earn All-WBA first team honors.
On October 30, 2010, Hannah was acquired by the Iowa Energy. However, he was later waived by the Energy on November 17, 2010. On December 17, 2010, he was reacquired by the Energy. In June 2011, he signed with B-Meg Llamados for the 2011 PBA Governors' Cup.
In October 2011, Hannah signed with AZS Koszalin of Poland for the 2011–12 season. In January 2012, he left Koszalin and joined the Dakota Wizards for the rest of the season. He went on to win the NBA Development League Defensive Player of the Year Award.
In July 2012, Hannah joined the Milwaukee Bucks for the 2012 NBA Summer League. On October 1, 2012, he signed with the Golden State Warriors. However, he was later waived by the Warriors on October 13, 2012. In November 2012, he was acquired by the Santa Cruz Warriors. He went on to win the D-League's Defensive Player of the Year Award for the second straight year. In May 2013, Hannah joined Marinos de Anzoátegui of the Liga Profesional de Baloncesto.
In July 2013, Hannah joined the NBA D-League Select Team for the 2013 NBA Summer League. On August 4, 2013, he signed with Juvecaserta Basket of Italy for the 2013–14 season. In February 2014, he parted ways with Juvecaserta. On April 3, 2014, he was reacquired by the Santa Cruz Warriors.
On September 3, 2014, Hannah was acquired by the Westchester Knicks in the NBA D-League expansion draft. Later that month, he joined Guerreros de Bogotá of the Baloncesto Profesional Colombiano. After nine games, he returned to the United States. On October 31, 2014, Hannah's rights were traded by Westchester to the Reno Bighorns, along with a first-round pick, in exchange for Darnell Jackson. He officially joined the Bighorns on November 2, 2014. On January 28, 2015, after being waived by Reno, Hannah was acquired by the Grand Rapids Drive.
On October 1, 2015, Hannah signed with the Chicago Bulls. However, he was later waived by the Bulls on October 13 after appearing in one preseason game. On October 31, he returned to the Grand Rapids Drive. On January 1, 2016, he was waived by the Drive. On January 24, he signed with AZS Koszalin, returning to the club for a second stint.
References
External links
FIBA.com profile
Missouri bio
RealGM.com profile
1985 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Colombia
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
American men's 3x3 basketball players
American men's basketball players
APOEL B.C. players
AZS Koszalin players
Basketball players from Chicago
BC Šiauliai players
Chipola Indians men's basketball players
Dakota Wizards players
Delaware 87ers players
Grand Rapids Drive players
Iowa Energy players
Juvecaserta Basket players
Magnolia Hotshots players
Marinos B.B.C. players
Missouri Tigers men's basketball players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Point guards
Reno Bighorns players
Santa Cruz Warriors players
Windy City Bulls players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
Big3 players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Shamima Sultana (born 9 March 1988) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. In June 2018, she was part of Bangladesh's squad that won their first ever Women's Asia Cup title, winning the 2018 Women's Twenty20 Asia Cup tournament. Later the same month, she was named to Bangladesh's squad for the 2018 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier tournament.
In October 2018, she was named to Bangladesh's squad for the 2018 ICC Women's World Twenty20 tournament in the West Indies. Ahead of the tournament, she was named as one of the players to watch. The International Cricket Council (ICC) named Sultana as one of the five breakout stars in women's cricket in 2018.
In August 2019, she was named to Bangladesh's squad for the 2019 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier tournament in Scotland. In November 2019, she was named to Bangladesh's squad for the cricket tournament at the 2019 South Asian Games. The Bangladesh team beat Sri Lanka by two runs in the final to win the gold medal. In January 2020, she was named to Bangladesh's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia. In January 2022, she was named in Bangladesh's team for the 2022 Commonwealth Games Cricket Qualifier tournament in Malaysia. Later the same month, she was named in Bangladesh's team for the 2022 Women's Cricket World Cup in New Zealand.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Bangladeshi women cricketers
Bangladesh women One Day International cricketers
Bangladesh women Twenty20 International cricketers
People from Magura District
South Asian Games gold medalists for Bangladesh
South Asian Games medalists in cricket
Dhaka Division women cricketers
Southern Zone women cricketers
Robert Büchel (born 16 June 1968) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Liechtenstein male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Liechtenstein
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ctenorhachis (Greek for "comb spine") is an extinct genus of the family Sphenacodontidae. Ctenorhachis was related to Dimetrodon, but did not belong to the same subfamily as Dimetrodon and Sphenacodon, being a more basal member of Sphenacodontidae. Ctenorhachis lived in the Early Permian epoch. Two specimens are known that have been found from the Wichita Group outcropping in Baylor and Archer counties, north-central Texas. Only the vertebrae and pelvis are known. Articulated vertebrae from the holotype specimen possess blade like neural spines that are greatly enlarged, although not nearly to the extent that can be seen in more derived sphenacodontids such as Dimetrodon and Secodontosaurus, in which they form a large sail. The pelvis is nearly identical to that of Dimetrodon. As suggested in the original description of the genus, Ctenorhachis may represent a short-spined sexual dimorph, although the authors find this unlikely.
See also
List of pelycosaurs
References
Sphenacodontidae
Prehistoric synapsid genera
Cisuralian synapsids of North America
Taxa named by Nicholas Hotton III
Fossil taxa described in 1991
Artinskian genus first appearances
Artinskian genus extinctions
And or AND may refer to:
Logic, grammar, and computing
Conjunction (grammar), connecting two words, phrases, or clauses
Logical conjunction in mathematical logic, notated as "∧", "⋅", "&", or simple juxtaposition
Bitwise AND, a boolean operation in programming, typically notated as "and" or "&"
Short-circuit and, a short-circuit operator, notated "&&", "and", "and then", etc.
Ampersand, the symbol "&", representing "and"
AND gate, in electronics
Music albums
And (John Martyn album), 1996
And (Koda Kumi album), 2018
A N D, a 2015 album by Tricot
And, a 2007 album by Jonah Matranga
Businesses and organizations
Alberta New Democrats, now Alberta New Democratic Party
Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, US
Automotive Navigation Data, digital map supplier
AND Corporation, biometrics
AND CO, software subsidiary of Fiverr
Transportation
Anderson Regional Airport, South Carolina, US, IATA airport code
Anderston railway station, Scotland, National Rail code
Other uses
Allow natural death, a medical term
Andorra, ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country code
Andromeda (constellation), abbreviation
Ansus language, ISO 639-3 code
See also
& (disambiguation)
Ampersand (disambiguation)
Qiongzhou may refer to:
Qiongzhou Strait (琼州海峡), Chinese strait between Leizhou Peninsula, Guangdong and Hainan
Qiongzhou Bridge (琼州大桥), a bridge over Nandu River in Haikou, Hainan, China
Qiongzhou University (琼州学院), a university in Sanya, Hainan, China
Historical prefectures
Qiong Prefecture (Sichuan) (邛州), a prefecture between the 6th and 20th centuries in modern Sichuan, China
Qiong Prefecture (Hainan) (瓊州), a prefecture between the 7th and 14th centuries in modern Hainan, China
Taoyuan HSR () is a railway and metro station in Taoyuan, Taiwan served by Taiwan High Speed Rail and Taoyuan Airport MRT, and is also known as Qingpu Station ().
History
10 November 2006: This station opened for service.
05 January 2007: the segment from the Banqiao Station to Zuoying Station opened for service and trains began stopping at this station.
02 March 2017: The Taoyuan Airport MRT opened for service connecting the station to the now completed Taoyuan MRT line.
The Taiwan High Speed Rail Corporation signed contracts with China Airlines for preferential services at this station for the airline's outbound passengers.
HSR station layout
The underground station has two side platforms. Twenty-two hectares around the station are reserved for commercial and industrial development, with the goal of developing the area into an international commercial city.
Taoyuan Airport MRT Station layout
HSR services
HSR services 295, (1)3xx, (1)5xx, (1)6xx, and (8)8xx call at this station.
Around the station
National Central University
Ching Yun University
Vanung University
Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport (17 minutes by MRT)
National Highway No. 2 Dazhu Interchange
Metro Walk Mall
Liqingpu Elementary School
Taoyuan International Baseball Stadium
Taiwan High Speed Rail Museum
References
Railway stations opened in 2006
Railway stations served by Taiwan High Speed Rail
Zhongli District
Railway stations in Taoyuan City
2006 establishments in Taiwan
Taoyuan Airport MRT stations
The 1954–55 season was Stoke City's 48th season in the Football League and the 15th in the Second Division.
Taylor continued to add new players to the squad as the aim for 1954–55 was to gain promotion back to the First Division. Stoke made a great start to the season winning five out of their first six matches. Taylor was able to field a settled team for the majority of the season alas Stoke could not keep up their form and promotion was missed with Stoke finishing in 5th position. In the FA Cup Stoke were involved in one of the longest cup ties as their third round encounter with Bury went on to a fourth replay with Stoke finally winning 3–2 after 9 hours and 22 minutes of football.
Season review
League
Stoke manager Frank Taylor continued to purchase players as he attempted to guide Stoke back into the First Division. He added the Wolverhampton Wanderers left back Jack Short to his squad in the summer of 1954. Things looked to be improving when Stoke started the 1954–55 season in fine form winning five out of six. Taylor was fortunate to be able to field a settled side but the form rate was not maintained and promotion was missed, albeit by a narrow margin, Stoke taking fifth spot just two behind promoted Birmingham Cities and Luton Town. During the season Stoke beat Liverpool away 4–2 their first victory at Anfield for 60 years.
FA Cup
In the FA Cup Stoke were drawn with Bury in the third round and after four draws the tie went to a fourth replay with Stoke finally beating Bury 3–2 in extra time. In total the tie took 9 hours and 22 minutes of football and had an aggregated scoreline of 10–9. Unfortunately for Stoke it was all in vain as in the next round they were defeated by Swansea Town.
Final league table
Results
Stoke's score comes first
Legend
Football League Second Division
FA Cup
Squad statistics
References
Stoke City F.C. seasons
Stoke
Bodie is a ghost town in California.
Bodie may also refer to:
Places
Bodie, Washington, a ghost town
Bodie Hills, a low mountain range in Mono County
Bodie Island, a barrier peninsula that forms the northernmost portion of the Outer Banks
Bodie Mine, the patent gold mine which spurred the relocation of Bodie, Washington
Bodie Mountains, a mountain range in Nevada
Bodié, a sub-prefecture of Guinea Republic
People
Damien Bodie (born 1985), Australian actor
Ping Bodie (1887–1961), Major League Baseball center fielder
Troy Bodie (born 1985), Canadian hockey player
Zvi Bodie, Norman and Adele Barron Professor of Management at Boston University
Bodie Olmos (born 1975), American actor, son of Edward James Olmos and Kaija Keel
Bodie Thoene (born 1951), coauthor with Brock Thoene of historical fiction
Bodie Weldon (1895–1928), professional football player during the 1920s
Fictional characters
Bodie Broadus, from the HBO drama The Wire
Cheyenne Bodie, title character of the American television western series Cheyenne (1955 TV series), played by Clint Walker
William Bodie, on the British television action series The Professionals
See also
Bode Miller (born 1977), American World Cup alpine ski racer
Bodhi, a term for enlightenment and sometimes a name
Bode (disambiguation)
Bodies (disambiguation)
Body (disambiguation)
Brodie, a Scottish surname
The 2017–18 season was the 119th season in the history of FC Bayern Munich, a German football club, and their 53rd consecutive season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, since it was established in 1965. Bayern Munich also participated in the DFB-Pokal and the UEFA Champions League. Bayern were the reigning Bundesliga champions, and therefore also participated in the DFL-Supercup. This is the 13th season for Bayern in the Allianz Arena, located in Munich, Bavaria, Germany.
The season was the first since 2004–05 without former captain Philipp Lahm, who retired after the 2016–17 season.
Season overview
Background
In the previous season, Bayern won a record-setting fifth consecutive and 26th overall Bundesliga title, and 27th German title. They also won the DFL-Supercup, beating Borussia Dortmund. Bayern Munich were knocked out of the DFB-Pokal in the semi-finals by Borussia Dortmund, and were knocked out of the UEFA Champions League in the quarter-finals by Real Madrid.
On 15 January 2017, Bavaria announced the signing of Niklas Süle and Sebastian Rudy, both from 1899 Hoffenheim. Süle was signed for an undisclosed fee, with a five-year contract lasting until 2022. Rudy joined on a free transfer, signing a three-year contract until 2020. On 7 February, Bayern captain Philipp Lahm confirmed his retirement at the end of the 2016–17 season. On 9 March, Xabi Alonso announced his retirement at the end of the 2016–17 campaign. On 14 March, Bayern announced that youth player Marco Friedl signed his first professional contract, lasting four years until 2021. On 27 April, Bayern announced the permanent signing of Kingsley Coman in the summer for €21 million, previously on loan from Juventus, with a contract running for three years until 2020. On 12 May, Bayern announced that Holger Badstuber, on loan to Schakle 04, would be released on a free transfer in the summer following the end of his contract on 30 June. Also on 12 May, Bayern announced that Juventus permanently signed Medhi Benatia for €17 million, on loan from Bayern since the start of the 2016–17 season. On 17 May, it was announced that youth goalkeeper Christian Früchtl would be the third-string goalkeeper for the 2017–18 season. On 19 May, it was announced that goalkeeper Tom Starke would retire at the end of the 2016–17 season. On 24 May, Bayern youth defender Felix Götze signed a professional contract with the club, with a two-year contract lasting until 2019. On 11 June, Bayern signed German forward Serge Gnabry from Werder Bremen for an undisclosed fee, with a three-year contract lasting until 2020. On 14 June, Bayern announced the signing of midfielder Corentin Tolisso from Lyon for €41.5 million plus possible add-ons up to an additional €6 million, with a five-year contract lasting until 2022. On 30 June, it was announced that Gianluca Gaudino, who was returning to Bavaria following his loan spell at FC St. Gallen, would move to Chievo.
On 29 April, after winning the Bundesliga, Bayern confirmed a spot in the 2017 DFL-Supercup, taking place on 5 August, and will play away to the winners of the 2016–17 DFB-Pokal, Borussia Dortmund.
On 14 March, it was announced that Bavaria would take part in the 2017 International Champions Cup in July as part of the 2017 Audi Summer Tour. The first two matches will take place in China as part of the 2017 Audi Football Summit. The first match is against Arsenal on 19 July in Shanghai, and the second against Milan on 22 July in Shenzhen. The final two matches will take place in Singapore, with Bayern playing Chelsea on 25 July and Internazionale on 27 July. On 21 April, it was announced that Bavaria would take part in the summer 2017 edition of the Telekom Cup, taking place at the BORUSSIA-PARK in Mönchengladbach on 15 July. On 12 May, Bavaria announced they would host the 2017 Audi Cup, the fifth edition of the pre-season tournament, at the Allianz Arena. Bavaria will face Liverpool in the first round, with Atlético Madrid and Napoli contesting the other semi-final.
On 9 June, Bayern announced the appointment of former player Willy Sagnol as assistant manager, joining head coach Carlo Ancelotti and assistant coach Davide Ancelotti from 1 July 2017.
On 11 June, Bavaria were drawn against Chemnitzer FC in the first round of the DFB-Pokal.
On 29 June, the Bundesliga schedule for the 2017–18 season was released, with Bayern playing Bayer Leverkusen in the opening fixture.
July
Training for the new season began on 1 July. Players that returned for training included Juan Bernat, Kingsley Coman, Marco Friedl, Christian Früchtl, Mats Hummels, Javi Martínez, Thomas Müller, and Franck Ribéry. Tom Starke, who retired at the end of the previous season, returned as standby professional to help during pre-season training while Bayern's other goalkeepers were still recovering from injury. Manuel Neuer and Jérôme Boateng continued their rehabilitation program in the performance center. The rest of the first-team squad were scheduled to return to training on 10 July.
On 6 July, Bayern faced BCF Wolfratshausen in the first friendly match of the season, which was only 60 minutes long. Bayern won the match 4–1, with a goal from Manuel Wintzheimer and Thomas Müller, and a brace from Franck Evina.
On 7 July, Bavaria announced the squad for the 2017 Audi Summer Tour to China and Singapore. Manuel Neuer and Sven Ulreich will not join the squad, still recovering from injury. Serge Gnabry, Joshua Kimmich, Sebastian Rudy, Niklas Süle, and Arturo Vidal were also not included in the squad, given an extended summer break after international tournaments.
On 9 July, Bayern faced FSV Erlangen-Bruck in a charity match. Bayern won the match 9–1, with goals from Marco Friedl, Michael Strein, and Raphael Obermair, and braces from Franck Evina, Kingsley Coman, and Marco Hingerl. On 10 July, additional players returned from summer holiday, including David Alaba, Robert Lewandowski, Rafinha, Arjen Robben, Thiago, and Corentin Tolisso.
On 11 July, Bavaria announced the signing of Colombian midfielder James Rodríguez from Real Madrid on a two-year loan spell, lasting until 2019, with an option to make the move permanent. He will also join the squad for the Audi Summer Tour in Asia.
Players
Squad information
Transfers
In
Out
Friendly matches
Competitions
Overview
Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
DFL-Supercup
UEFA Champions League
Group stage
Knockout phase
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Statistics
Appearances and goals
! colspan="13" style="background:#DCDCDC; text-align:center" | Players transferred out during the season
|-
|}
Goalscorers
Clean sheets
Disciplinary record
References
FC Bayern Munich seasons
Munich, Bavaria, FC
Bayern Munich
German football championship-winning seasons
Gianfranco Facchineri (born 27 April 2002) is a Canadian professional soccer player.
Early life
Facchineri was born and raised in Windsor, Ontario. He played youth soccer with local clubs Windsor Ciociaro SC, Windsor Soccer Club and Windsor FC Nationals, and later American club Vardar SC.
Club career
Vancouver Whitecaps FC
In 2018, Facchineri joined the academy of MLS side Vancouver Whitecaps FC. On 23 January 2020, he signed a first-team Homegrown Player contract with the Whitecaps. On 6 July 2020, Facchineri was loaned to Canadian Premier League side Atlético Ottawa. He made his professional debut on 19 August against Valour FC. In August 2021, Facchineri would be loaned to USL Championship side San Diego Loyal for the remainder of the 2021 season.
In February 2022, Vancouver announced they were enacting a buyout of Facchineri's contract, ending his time at the club.
International career
In 2016 and 2017, Facchineri participated in three under-15 identification camps organized by the Canadian Soccer Association. In 2019, Facchineri was called up to the Canadian under-17 team for the 2019 CONCACAF U-17 Championship, where he made four appearances and was named co-captain of the team. He subsequently played for the under-17s at the 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup, making three more appearances.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Canadian soccer players
Soccer people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Windsor, Ontario
Canadian people of Italian descent
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Vancouver Whitecaps FC players
Atlético Ottawa players
Canadian Premier League players
Canada men's youth international soccer players
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Manca Marcelan, MA in Psychology, born 17 July 1995 in Ljubljana, Slovenia is an athlete, rhythmic gymnast.
Athlete of year 2008 selected by the Gymnastics Association of Slovenia. In 2018 became psychologist (University of Ljubljana FF).
In July 2020 Manca Marcelan the degree of Master of Arts in Psychology.
Success at home
Trophy champion of Slovenia, Team 2010
National Champion with team 2010
National Champion 2009, around gymnastics,
Juniors - Slovenia Trophy winner,
National Champion with team 2009, Champion with ball in 2009
National Champion, Champion with ball 2006
Slovenia Trophy winner, Team 2006
National Champion, group winner 2005
Success abroad
European Junior Championships Bremen (Germany) 2010, Team 19th place
Alpe Adria (Italy), Team 2008, 1st place
Slovenian Challenge (Slovenia) 2008, 3rd place all around, 2nd place ball, 3rd place hoop
MTM Narodni dom Ljubljana (Slovenia) 2008, 1st place
International tournament Nitra (Slovakia) 2008, 2nd place
International tournament Mol (Belgium) 2008, 3rd place
Alpe Adria (Italy) 2007, Team, 1st place
International tournament Brno (Czech Republic) 2006, group exercises, 1st place
MTM Narodni dom Ljubljana (Slovenia) 2006, 3rd place
Alpe Adria (Italy) 2006, Team, 1st place
New Year's Cup Moste (Slovenia) 2005, 3rd place
International Tournament of Udine (Italy) 2003, 1st place
References
External links
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp80JFO_DBw
Slovenian rhythmic gymnasts
Living people
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
1995 births
Prostanthera albohirta is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae and is endemic to a restricted area of Queensland. It is a small, erect, densely-foliaged shrub with egg-shaped leaves and hairy, lilac to lavender flowers arranged singly in four to twelve leaf axils near the ends of branchlets.
Description
Prostanthera albohirta is an erect, spreading shrub that typically grows to a height of with densely hairy, cylindrical stems. The leaves are egg-shaped, dull green, long and wide on a petiole long. The flowers are arranged singly in four to twelve axils near the ends of branchlets, each flower on a pedicel long. The sepals are densely covered with white hairs and form a tube about long with two lobes, the lower lobe long and the upper lobe long. The petals are hairy, lilac to lavender and fused to form a tube about long. The lower lip has three lobes, the centre about long and wide and the side lobes about long and wide. The upper lip has two lobes fused with a small notch at the join. Flowering has been recorded in January.
Taxonomy
Prostanthera albohirta was first formally described in 1936 by Cyril Tenison White in the Proceedings of the Royal Society of Queensland from specimens collected on the "summit of Mount Demi, alt. 3,000 ft., on exposed cliff faces" by Leonard John Brass.
Distribution and habitat
Between 1932 and 2013, this mintbush was only known from Brass's single collection and attempts to collect further specimens failed. Then in 2013, the species was discovered on Mount Emerald near Tolga at elevations above . Only about fifty plants have been found, growing in a dense shrub layer in a protected gully dominated by stunted Syncarpia glomulifera.<ref name="Telopea2">{{cite journal |last1=Ford |first1=Andrew |last2=Conn |first2=Barry J. |title=Rediscovery of Prostanthera albohirta C.T.White (Lamiaceae). |journal=Telopea |date=3 October 2013 |volume=15 |pages=107–110 |doi=10.7751/telopea2013014}}</ref>
Conservation statusProstanthera albohirta is classified as "critically endangered" under the Australian Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999'' and as "endangered" under the Queensland Government Nature Conservation Act 1992. The main threats to the species include inappropriate fire regimes, weed invasion, habitat loss caused by land clearing, and illegal collection.
References
albohirta
Flora of Queensland
Lamiales of Australia
Taxa named by Cyril Tenison White
Plants described in 1936
Endemic flora of Queensland
The Ministry of Justice of Laos existed as far back as the Royal Lao Government (1940s). It was not until the first Laos government in 1975 that the ministry took a more active role in the creation and operation of the judiciary, court system, and the rights and freedoms of Laotian citizens. Additionally, the Prime Minister might guide the Ministry of Justice's role in regards to the legislative branch, the dissemination of law, and the promotion of legal education (e.g., law schools).
List of ministers
First Coalition Government
Thongdi Sounthonvichit (1957)
Thao Leaum Insisiengmay (1958)
Government of Phuy Xananikôn
Ngon Sananikone (1959-1960)
Second Coalition Government
Inpeng Suryadhay (1964-1971)
Souvanna Phouma (1972-1973)
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Khamking Souvanlasy (1974-1975)
Kou Souvannemethi (1976-1992)
Kham Ouane Boupha (1992-2005)
Chaleuan Yapaoher (2006-2016)
Xaysi Santivong (2016-present)
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Laos
References
Justice ministries
Ministries of the Government of Laos
Lembach is a small river of Hesse, Germany. It flows into the Schwalm near Wabern.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Vremya () () was a monthly magazine published by Fyodor Dostoevsky under the editorship of his brother Mikhail Dostoevsky. Due to his status as a former convict, Fyodor himself was unable to be the official editor.
Publication history
The magazine began publication in March 1861. Dostoevsky's novel The House of the Dead was first published in Vremya. The monthly installments of The House of the Dead brought considerable popularity and financial success to the magazine.
Three of Edgar Allan Poe's short stories, "The Tell-Tale Heart", "The Black Cat", and "The Devil in the Belfry", were given their first Russian language publication in Vremya. In the same issue, Dostoevsky anonymously published an autobiographical story, "St. Petersburg Dreams in Verse and Prose," that mimicked some elements of Poe's style. In his preface to Poe's stories, however, Dostoevsky suggested that Poe's poetry lacked the idealistic purity and beauty he found in the poetry of German romantic E. T. A. Hoffmann.
Several of Fyodor Dostoevsky's other works were published in Vremya, including Humiliated and Insulted, A Nasty Story, and Winter Notes on Summer Impressions.
The magazine was banned by the government in May 1863 because of an article by Nikolay Strakhov concerning Russian/Polish problems, including the recent January Uprising.
References
1861 establishments in the Russian Empire
1863 disestablishments in the Russian Empire
Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Defunct literary magazines published in Europe
Defunct magazines published in Russia
Defunct political magazines
Magazines established in 1861
Magazines disestablished in 1863
Magazines published in Saint Petersburg
Monthly magazines published in Russia
Literary magazines published in Russia
Political magazines published in Russia
Hydraulic redistribution is a passive mechanism where water is transported from moist to dry soils via subterranean networks. It occurs in vascular plants that commonly have roots in both wet and dry soils, especially plants with both taproots that grow vertically down to the water table, and lateral roots that sit close to the surface. In the late 1980s, there was a movement to understand the full extent of these subterranean networks. Since then it was found that vascular plants are assisted by fungal networks which grow on the root system to promote water redistribution.
Process
Hot, dry periods, when the surface soil dries out to the extent that the lateral roots exude whatever water they contain, will result in the death of such lateral roots unless the water is replaced. Similarly, under extremely wet conditions when lateral roots are inundated by flood waters, oxygen deprivation will also lead to root peril. In plants that exhibit hydraulic redistribution, there are xylem pathways from the taproots to the laterals, such that the absence or abundance of water at the laterals creates a pressure potential analogous to that of transpirational pull. In drought conditions, ground water is drawn up through the taproot to the laterals and exuded into the surface soil, replenishing that which was lost. Under flooding conditions, plant roots perform a similar function in the opposite direction.
Though often referred to as hydraulic lift, movement of water by the plant roots has been shown to occur in any direction. This phenomenon has been documented in over sixty plant species spanning a variety of plant types (from herbs and grasses to shrubs and trees) and over a range of environmental conditions (from the Kalahari Desert to the Amazon Rainforest).
Causes
The movement of this water can be explained by a water transport theory throughout a plant. This well-established water transport theory is called the cohesion-tension theory. In brief, it explains the movement of water throughout the plant depends on having a continuous column of water, from the leaves to roots. Water is then pulled up from the roots to the leaves moving throughout the plant's vascular system, all facilitated by the differences in water potential in the boundary layers of the soil and the atmosphere. Therefore, the driving force for moving water through a plant is the cohesive strength of water molecules and a pressure gradient from the roots to the leaves. This theory is still applied when the boundary layer to the atmosphere is closed, e.g. when plant stomata are closed or in senesced plants. The pressure gradient is developed between soil layers with different water potentials causing water to move by the roots from wetter to drier soil layers in a similar manner as when a plant is transpiring.
Fungal associations
It has been understood that hydraulic lift aids the host plant and its neighboring plants in the transportation of water and other vital nutrients. At that time, the hydraulic lift described as the movement of water and soil nutrients from a vascularized host into the soil during at night mostly. Then after studies in the 2000s, a more comprehensive word was taken into consideration where it described a bi-directional and passive movement exhibited by the plant roots and further assisted by mycorrhizal networks. A 2015 study then described a "direct transfer of hydraulically redistributed water" between the host and fungi into the surrounding root system. As mentioned, hydraulic redistribution not only transports water but nutrients as well. The fungi most likely to form water and nutrient networks are Ectomycorrhizae and Arbuscular mycorrhizae.
Significance
The ecological importance of hydraulically redistributed water is becoming better understood as this phenomenon is more carefully examined. Water redistribution by plant roots has been found influencing crop irrigation, where watering schemes leave a harsh heterogeneity in soil moisture. This influencing process also assist in seedling success. The plant roots have been shown to smooth or homogenize the soil moisture. This sort of smoothing out of soil moisture is important in maintaining plant root health. The redistribution of water from deep moist layers to shallow drier layers by large trees has shown to increase the moisture available in the daytime to meet the transpiration demand.
The implications of hydraulic redistribution seem to have an important influence on plant ecosystems. Whether or not plants redistribute water through the soil layers can affect plant population dynamics, such as the facilitation of neighboring species. The increase in available daytime soil moisture can also offset low transpiration rates due to drought (see also drought rhizogenesis) or alleviate competition for water between competing plant species. Water redistributed to the near surface layers may also influence plant nutrient availability.
Observations and modeling
Due to the ecological significance of hydraulically redistributed water, there is an ongoing effort to continue the categorization of plants exhibiting this behaviour and adapting this physiological process into land-surface models to improve model predictions.
Traditional methods of observating hydraulic redistribution include Deuterium isotope traces, sap flow, and soil moisture. In attempts to characterize the magnitude of the water redistributed, numerous models (both empirically and theoretically based) have been developed.
See also
Cohesion tension theory
Evapotranspiration
Mycorrhizal network
Soil plant atmosphere continuum
Water potential
References
Further reading
Plant physiology
Hydrology
Plant roots
Ecological processes
Soil physics
Water and the environment
1st Kings was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993.
The district comprised the easternmost portion of Kings County. It was abolished in 1996.
MLAs
Dual Member
Assemblyman-Councillor
Kings 1
1873 establishments in Prince Edward Island
1996 disestablishments in Prince Edward Island
The Bahraini Premier League is the main football competition in the Kingdom of Bahrain. Currently known as the Nasser bin Hamad Premier League, the first season was held in 1957. The winners of the domestic championship qualify for the AFC Cup. The championship is currently contested by 12 clubs.
Structure
Current structure
12 clubs currently play a two round robin set of fixtures totaling 22 games in order to determine the league champions. Although games are played on a home and away basis, almost all games are played at the National Stadium.
The eleventh and twelfth-placed clubs are relegated with the ninth and tenth enter the relegation play-offs.
Previous structures
In earlier seasons, the league has been radically overhauled to feature all the professional clubs of Bahrain. Instances being the 2008–09 and 2002 league seasons. The leagues featuring up to 19 teams would play each other on one occasion with the top 10 teams staying in the Premier League top flight and the bottom sides (from 11 to 19) forming the next seasons 2nd division.
Between the seasons of 2002 and 2009, the top four sides of the league would also play in the Crown Prince Cup.
Clubs (2022–23)
Al-Ahli
Al-Hala
Al-Hidd
Al-Khaldiya
Al-Muharraq
Al-Riffa
Al-Shabab
Bahrain SC
Budaiya
East Riffa
Manama
Sitra
2022–23 Clubs' stadiums
Team re-structuring
In 2002, a host of clubs is amalgamated:
Bahrain is an amalgamation of Bahrain and Al-Khaleej.
Riffa is an amalgamation of West Riffa and Zallaq.
Al-Najma is an amalgamation of Al-Hilal, Al-Qadisiya and Ras Al-Rumman.
Al-Sahel is an amalgamation of Qalali and Hadd.
Al-Tadamun is an amalgamation of Boori, Karazkan, Hamla, Reef Union and Damastan.
Al-Shabab is an amalgamation of Deyya, Sanabis, Jadd Hafs, Naeem, Karrana, Sahla and Karbabad.
Al-Ittifaq is an amalgamation of Al-Arabi, Maqaba and Bani Jumra.
List of champions
Champions are:
1956–57 : Al-Muharraq
1957–58 : Al-Muharraq
1958–59 : Al-Nasr
1959–60 : Al-Muharraq
1960–61 : Al-Muharraq
1961–62 : Al-Muharraq
1962–63 : Al-Muharraq
1963–64 : Al-Muharraq
1964–65 : Al-Muharraq
1965–66 : Al-Muharraq
1966–67 : Al-Muharraq
1967–68 : Bahrain (Muharraq)
1968–69 : Al-Ahli (Manama)
1969–70 : Al-Muharraq
1970–71 : Al-Muharraq
1971–72 : Al-Ahli (Manama)
1972–73 : Al-Muharraq
1973–74 : Al-Muharraq
1974–75 : Al-Arabi (Al-Najma now)
1975–76 : Al-Muharraq
1976–77 : Al-Ahli (Manama)
1977–78 : Bahrain (Muharraq)
1978–79 : Al Hala
1979–80 : Al-Muharraq
1980–81 : Bahrain (Muharraq)
1981–82 : West Riffa
1982–83 : Al-Muharraq
1983–84 : Al-Muharraq
1984–85 : Bahrain (Muharraq)
1985–86 : Al-Muharraq
1986–87 : West Riffa
1987–88 : Al-Muharraq
1988–89 : Bahrain (Muharraq)
1989–90 : West Riffa
1990–91 : Al-Muharraq
1991–92 : Al-Muharraq
1992–93 : West Riffa
1993–94 : East Riffa
1994–95 : Al-Muharraq
1995–96 : Al-Ahli (Manama)
1996–97 : West Riffa
1997–98 : West Riffa
1998–99 : Al-Muharraq
1999–00 : West Riffa
2000–01 : Al-Muharraq
2002 : Al-Muharraq
2002–03 : Al-Riffa
2003–04 : Al-Muharraq
2004–05 : Al-Riffa
2005–06 : Al-Muharraq
2006–07 : Al-Muharraq
2007–08 : Al-Muharraq
2008–09 : Al-Muharraq
2009–10 : Al-Ahli (Manama)
2010–11 : Al-Muharraq
2011–12 : Al-Riffa
2012–13 : Busaiteen
2013–14 : Al-Riffa
2014–15 : Al-Muharraq
2015–16 : Al-Hidd
2016–17 : Malkiya
2017–18 : Al-Muharraq
2018–19 : Al-Riffa
2019–20 : Al-Hidd
2020–21 : Al-Riffa
2021–22 : Al-Riffa
Total championships
The number of national championships that clubs in Bahrain have attained.
Top scorers
References
External links
Bahrain Premiere League (Arabic)
goalzz.com - Bahraini Premiere League
Soccerway - Bahrain Premier League
Weltfussballarchiv - Bahraini Premier League
Bahrain Premier League - Hailoosport.com (Arabic)
Bahrain Premier League - Hailoosport.com
Football competitions in Bahrain
Top level football leagues in Asia
Sport leagues established in 1956
Pernilla Nina Elisabeth Wahlgren (born 24 December 1967) is a Swedish singer and actress. She has sung in Melodifestivalen several times; her 1985 entry titled "Piccadilly Circus" became popular and successful. She has acted in several plays and films, playing roles including Esmeralda in the Academy Award-winning Fanny and Alexander. She has twice received the Guldmasken award for her work in theater.
Career
Acting
Wahlgren's first acting job, at the age of four, was alongside her mother in the television play Den längsta dagen (). She attended Adolf Fredrik's Music School and was also part of the Saltsjöbaden theater. After playing a small role in Lilla prinsen () at Saltsjöbaden's theater, and in the face of stiff competition, Wahlgren got the title role in the musical Annie at Folkan, Stockholm. She then played Esmeralda in Ingmar Bergman's film Fanny and Alexander.
In 1982, she joined the cast of the Swedish production of The Sound of Music, in which she played Louise. At Folkan, she also had parts in Karlsson på taket (Karlsson-on-the-Roof), Mio, min Mio (Mio in the Land of Faraway), Snövit (Snow White) and Ringens hemlighet (). Wahlgren played Annika in the musical version of Pippi Longstocking at Folket in Stockholm; for the two final performances she replaced Siw Malmkvist in the role of Pippi, for which she received positive reviews. In her youth and as an adult Wahlgren portrayed Pippi Longstocking several times. Wahlgren appeared in an episode of Nygammalt in 1983 and an episode of Razzel in October 1984, where she performed her debut single, "Nu har det tänt". She has also appeared in film and television productions including Bo Widerberg's 1986 production of Ormens väg på hälleberget (The Serpent's Way) and Snoken in 1995.
Wahlgren has appeared in theatrical comedies in Stockholm, including Parneviks cirkusparty (), Spanska flugan () and Bubbel trubbel (). She has twice been nominated for the Guldmasken theater award; first for her role in Charleys tant () at the Intiman Theater, and then for her part in Kärlek & lavemang () at Fredriksdalsteatern in Helsingborg. She has also appeared in musical roles in Annie Get Your Gun, Grease, The Wizard of Oz, Cats and Nils Karlsson Pyssling. On 29 September 2007, The Sound of Music premièred at the Göta Lejon theater in Stockholm, where Wahlgren played in a cast that included Tommy Nilsson. In 2013, she had a role in the musical Priscilla, Queen of the Desert at Göta Lejon.
Between 2018 and 2019, Wahlgren acted in her own stage show celebrating 40-years as a singer and actress, called Kort, glad och tacksam (). Her second stage show, a continuation of Kort, glad och tacksam, called Pernilla Wahlgren har Hybris (), wrote and directed by Edward af Sillén, premiered in 2020.
Music
In the mid-to-late 1980s, Wahlgren developed a pop music career, touring several times and releasing studio albums. Her songs include: "Svindlande affärer", "I Need Your Love", "Every Time When We're Together" and "Running for Cover". In August 2006, she released the album Beautiful Day; the debut single from the album, "Talking to an Angel", was certified gold and the track "Come Inside My World" became the theme to TV4's entertainment program Förkväll.
Melodifestivalen
Wahlgren's musical breakthrough came when she participated in Melodifestivalen 1985. Her song "Piccadilly Circus" became a public favorite, but she was placed fourth in the competition. Wahlgren participated in Melodifestivalen 1991 with the song "Tvillingsjäl", which did not make it to the second round of voting. In 2003, she again took part in Melodifestivalen, this time with Jan Johansen; they achieved second place with the song "Let Your Spirit Fly". In 2010, Wahlgren again participated in Melodifestivalen, with the song "Jag vill om du vågar". Her 2013 entry was with Jenny Silver and Hanna Hedlund as part of the band Swedish Housewives performing the song "On Top of the World".
Television
Wahlgren has been a television presenter for several shows, including Scenen är din, Söndagsöppet (both on SVT), Småstjärnorna and Baby Boom (both on TV4). She and her brother Niclas also presented the children's show Nicke & Nilla on TV4. Wahlgren had a role in the 1995 series Snoken on SVT. She also dubbed several children's films, such as The Lego Movie (as the voice for Princess Unikitty), and voiced Misty, Melody and Delia Ketchum in several Pokémon films). From 2016, she has participated in the reality series Wahlgrens värld (Wahlgren's World) which is broadcast on Kanal 5 and documents her life. The series was continued with a third and fourth season in 2018; a fifth and sixth season were broadcast in 2019. In 2019, Wahlgren had a leading role as Santas wife in Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar, Panik i tomteverkstan, opposite Per Andersson.
Personal life
Wahlgren was born to actors Christina Schollin and Hans Wahlgren on Christmas Eve. She has three brothers: actor and singer Niclas, actor Linus, and broker and firefighter Peter. She was married to dancer and composer Emilio Ingrosso from 1993 to 2002; they have three children—Oliver Ingrosso (born 1989), a DJ, music producer and actor; Bianca Ingrosso (born 1994), a blogger and singer; and Benjamin Ingrosso (born 1997), a singer, artist and songwriter. Pernilla also has a son, Theo (born 2007), with Joachim Lennholm. In an episode of Vem tror du att du är? (Who do you think You Are?) broadcast on SVT in 2011 it was revealed to Wahlgren that she was of Italian descent on her father's side of the family. Since 2021, Wahlgren is in a relationship with Christian Bauer.
Discography
Studio albums
Source:
Pernilla Wahlgren (album) (1985)
Attractive (1986)
Pure Dynamite (1987)
Flashback (1989)
I Myself and Me (1992)
Flashback Number Four (1995) (Best of)
Pernilla Wahlgren (1995) (Re-issue)
Beautiful Day (2006)
Holiday with You (2012)
Singles
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
People from Värmdö Municipality
Melodifestivalen contestants
Swedish musical theatre actresses
English-language singers from Sweden
20th-century Swedish actresses
21st-century Swedish actresses
20th-century Swedish women singers
Swedish people of Italian descent
21st-century Swedish women singers
This is a list of members of the South Australian Legislative Council from 1869 to 1873.
This was the fourth Legislative Council to be elected under the Constitution of 1856, which provided for a house consisting of eighteen members to be elected from the whole colony acting as one electoral district "The Province"; that six members, selected by lot, should be replaced at General Elections after four years, another six to be replaced four years later and thenceforth each member should have a term of twelve years.
Seven seats were contested – six by the "effluxion of time" (Baker, Barrow, Elder, English, Everard and Peacock) and one to replace Charles Hervey Bagot, who resigned the previous December.
References
Parliament of South Australia — Statistical Record of the Legislature
Members of South Australian parliaments by term
19th-century Australian politicians
Zaborówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
The 2017–18 Eintracht Braunschweig season was the 124th season in the club's football history. In 2017–18 the club competed the 2. Bundesliga, the second tier of German football.
Review and events
The 2017–18 season of Eintracht Braunschweig began on 26 June 2017 with their first training session.
The draw for the first round of the 2017–18 DFB-Pokal happened on 11 June and paired Braunschweig with fellow 2. Bundesliga team Holstein Kiel.
On 7 July 2017, the team headed for a ten-day-long pre-season training camp in Herxheim bei Landau/Pfalz, Rhineland-Palatinate.
On 25 July 2017, Ken Reichel was named captain of the team.
On 4 August 2017, the club announced that Daniel Ischdonat would temporarily replace the injured Alexander Kunze as goalkeeping coach.
Matches and results
Legend
Friendly matches
2. Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
Squad
Current squad
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
Player statistics
|}
Management and coaching staff
Since 12 May 2008 Torsten Lieberknecht is the manager of Eintracht Braunschweig.
References
External links
Eintracht Braunschweig Official Website
Eintracht Braunschweig seasons
Braunschweig
Oxford Hotel may refer to:
in Singapore
Oxford Hotel (Singapore), located at Queen Street
in the United States
(by state)
Oxford Hotel (Denver, Colorado), listed on the NRHP in Colorado
Oxford Hotel (West Baden Springs, Indiana), listed on the NRHP in Indiana
Oxford Hotel (Oxford, Pennsylvania), listed on the NRHP in Pennsylvania
The Big Shot () is a 1922 German silent film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Hugo Fischer-Köppe, Wilhelm Diegelmann, and Hugo Döblin.
Plot summary
Cast
References
External links
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
Films directed by Georg Jacoby
German black-and-white films
1920s German films
The Indian Army Corps of Engineers has distinguished itself in battle and has been awarded many battle and theatre honours. These honours have been awarded to individual units of the Corps or to the three Groups, namely the Madras Sappers, the Bengal Sappers and the Bombay Sappers. This list is a union of the battle and theatre honours awarded to these three groups of the Corps of Engineers and does not include those earned by disbanded engineer and pioneer units or corps.
Prior to World War I
Carnatic (1780 - 84)
Carnatic (1790 - 92)
Sholinghur (1781)
Mysore (1789 - 91)
Seringapatam (1799)
Egypt 1801 (Battle honour)
Assaye [1803]
Bhurtpore [1805]
Java [1811]
Nagpore [1817]
Meheidpoor [1817]
Beni Boo Alli (1821)
Ava [1824 - 26]
Afghanistan 1839
Ghuznee 1839
Khelat [1839]
China [1840 - 42]
Cabool 1842
Meanee [1843]
Hyderabad 1843
Ferozeshah [1845]
Sobraon [1846]
Punjaub [1848 - 49]
Mooltan [1848 - 49]
Goojerat [1849] (Battle honour)
Pegu [1852 - 53]
Persia [1856 - 57]
Reshire [1856]
Bushire [1856]
Koosh - Ab [1856]
Delhi 1857
Relief and Capture of Lucknow [1857]
Central India [1857]
Pekin 1860
Taku Forts [1860]
Abyssinia (1867)
Afghanistan 1878–80
Ali Masjid [1878]
Charasiah [1878]
Kabul 1879
Ahmad Khel [1880]
Kandahar 1880
Egypt 1882
Tel-el-Kebir [1882]
Suakin [1885]
Tofrek [1885]
Burma 1885–87
Chitral 1895
Malakand 1897
Punjab Frontier [1897 - 98]
Tirah [1897 - 98]
China 1900
Somaliland 1901-04
References
External links
Globalsecurity
official website
Indian Army Corps of Engineers
Battle honours of the Corps of Engineers
The Timothy Baldwin House is a historic house at 186 Damascus Road in Branford, Connecticut. Built about 1819, it is a well-preserved late example of Georgian Colonial architecture, associated with a prominent local family. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Description and history
The Timothy Baldwin House is located in a suburban residential area east of Branford center, on the north side of Damascus Road just east of its junction with Patrick Lane. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a side-gable roof, central chimney, and clapboarded exterior. A single-story ell extends to the right of the main block. The main block is five bays wide, with a center entrance flanked by symmetrically placed sash windows. The entrance is framed by pilasters and a peaked lintel.
The house was probably built about 1819, around the time of the marriage of Timothy Baldwin. It was probably built by Timothy's father Zaccheus, who gave his son of farmland at the time. The Baldwin family was one of the first to settle this area of Branford. This house remained in that family until 1913.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Haven County, Connecticut
References
National Register of Historic Places in New Haven County, Connecticut
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
American colonial architecture
Houses completed in 1819
Houses in Branford, Connecticut
Lyudmila Mikhaylovna Matveyeva (born 1 February 1957) is a Soviet long-distance runner. She competed in the 10,000 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Soviet female long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Olympic athletes of the Unified Team
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Snow on the Pines () is a 2012 Iranian black and white film written and directed by Iranian-American director and actor Peyman Moaadi.
The Snow on the pines is Moaadi's debut as a director. Also, it won a Crystal simorgh in the Fajr International Film Festival.
Story
A woman who is a piano teacher deals with an important moment in her life and meets the dilemma of the decision. She has to choose in a common way, and/or find a different way.
Awards
Crystal simorghs:
Crystal simorgh; for the best film chosen by audiences. the 30th Fajr International Film Festival.
Appreciation prize; for the best actress (Mahnaz Afshar) New-look section. the 30th Fajr International Film Festival.
Awards for Moaadi
References
External links
2012 films
Persian cinema articles needing an image
2012 directorial debut films
Iranian black-and-white films
Crystal Simorgh for Audience Choice of Best Film winners
ÖBB Class 4011 are Austrian tilting high-speed electric multiple-unit trains, in service with Austrian Federal Railway (ÖBB). They were introduced in 2006, when ÖBB purchased three German DBAG Class 411 units, commonly known as ICE T, from the first batch of 32 originally ordered by Deutsche Bahn (DB). These units (car numbers 411 x14 to 411 x14) were renumbered as class 4011 in ÖBB's numbering scheme (to car numbers 4011 x90 to 4011 x92). Together with 12 DB Class 411, they form a pool for joint operation services between Germany and Austria.
Service history
In 2004 ÖBB developed plans for the operation of ICE T trains in Austria and in October 2005 conducted several test travels with a DBAG Class 411 unit. In February 2006 the sales contract was signed with Deutsche Bahn; trains ran from December on the domestic Western Railway line from Vienna to Linz and Salzburg, and continued to Innsbruck and Bregenz as well as at cross-border level to Munich, Germany. Since 2007, ICE T trains link Vienna with Frankfurt at two-hour intervals as part of a joint venture between ÖBB and DB. Train service from Vienna to Bregenz and Munich is today provided by the ÖBB Railjet.
For operation in Austria, the three seven-part multiple units were modified, including LED matrix headlights like on the second batch class 411 trains, some software updates and clamps for ski transportation. On the outside, the most prominent distinguishing mark of the ÖBB class 4011 are the ÖBB logos replacing the DB ones in the gaps of the red stripe along the sides. For both the ÖBB class 4011 and the 12 DB class 411 fitted for operation in Austria, the logo of the other company is displayed in grey below the company's own logo.
See also
Intercity-Express
External links
ÖBB Intercity-Express
Tilting trains
Intercity Express
Siemens multiple units
Austrian Federal Railways electric multiple units
15 kV AC multiple units
Okra may refer to:
Okra (Abelmoschus esculentus), a flowering plant valued for its edible seed pods
Okra soup
Other plants known as "okra"
"Bush okra", also known as Mulukhiyah
Chinese okra, also known as Luffa
West African okra, aka Abelmoschus caillei
Okra, the name in antiquity of Nanos (plateau) in Slovenia
"Okra" (song), a single by rapper Tyler, the Creator
Operation Okra, the Australian contribution to the military intervention against ISIL
See also
Okara (disambiguation)
Okura (disambiguation)
Cris Jacobs is an American singer-songwriter from Baltimore, Maryland, United States. A local fixture in Maryland music, Jacobs was called "The King of Baltimore rock'n'roll" by Baltimore magazine.
In the early 2000s, Jacobs played (alongside Patrick McAvinue) in a bluegrass band, Smooth Kentucky, in the Baltimore area. Concomitantly, Jacobs was the guitarist and vocalist for The Bridge from the band's founding in 2001 until its breakup in 2011. Following the end of The Bridge in 2011, Jacobs formed the Cris Jacobs Band. The band's lineup was fluid for the first few years of existence, before settling on the steady rhythm section of bassist Todd Herrington and drummer Dusty Ray Simmons, and guitarist Johnathan Sloane. Sloane left in 2019 and was replaced by guitarist Corey Wells and keyboardist Ben White.
In 2012, Jacobs released his solo debut album with the Cris Jacobs Band, Songs for Cats and Dogs, which led to tours supporting Steve Winwood and Sturgill Simpson in following years. His sophomore full-length, Dust to Gold, arrived in 2016. Jacobs and Ivan Neville recorded an album together as Neville Jacobs in 2017. In 2019, he released his third solo album, Color Where You Are, on Blue Rose Records.
Jacobs holds an annual Christmas concert in the Washington, D.C. area called A Very Jerry Christmas. Between the releases of Dust to Gold and Color Where You Are, Jacobs married and became a father.
Discography
As leader
Songs for Cats and Dogs (Self-released, 2012)
Dust to Gold (American Showplace Music, 2016)
Color Where You Are (Blue Rose Records, 2019)
With The Bridge
The Bridge (The Purple Album) (Self-released, 2002)
Cross Street Market (Self-released, 2004)
The Bridge (Hyena, 2006)
Blind Man's Hill (Hyena, 2008)
National Bohemian (Woodberry, 2011)
With Ivan Neville
Neville Jacobs (Harmonized Records, 2018)
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
American folk musicians
American rock musicians
Musicians from Baltimore
Singer-songwriters from Maryland
Occlusal trauma is the damage to teeth when an excessive force is acted upon them and they do not align properly.
When the jaws close, for instance during chewing or at rest, the relationship between the opposing teeth is referred to as occlusion. When trauma, disease or dental treatment alters occlusion by changing the biting surface of any of the teeth, the teeth will come together differently, and their occlusion will change. When that change has a negative effect on how the teeth occlude, this may cause tenderness, pain, and damage to or movement of the teeth. This is called traumatic occlusion.
Traumatic occlusion may cause a thickening of the cervical margin of the alveolar bone and widening of the periodontal ligament, although the latter can also be caused by other processes.
Signs and symptoms
Clinically, there are a number of physiological results that serve as evidence of occlusal trauma:,
Progressive Tooth mobility
Fremitus
Tooth migration
Pain
Thermal sensitivity
Pain on chewing or percussion
Wear facets
Diagnosis
Microscopically, there will be a number of features that accompany occlusal trauma:
Hemorrhage
Necrosis
Widening of the periodontal ligament, or PDL (also serves as a very common radiographic feature)
Bone resorption
Cementum loss and tears
It was concluded that widening of the periodontal ligament was a "functional adaptation to changes in functional requirements".
Primary vs. secondary
There are two types of occlusal trauma, primary and secondary.
Primary
Primary occlusal trauma occurs when greater than normal occlusal forces are placed on teeth, as in the case of parafunctional habits, such as bruxism or various chewing or biting habits, including but not limited to those involving fingernails and pencils or pens.
The associated excessive forces can be grouped into three categories. Excesses of:
Duration
Frequency and
Magnitude
Primary occlusal trauma will occur when there is a normal periodontal attachment apparatus and, thus, no periodontal disease.
Secondary
Secondary occlusal trauma occurs when normal or excessive occlusal forces are placed on teeth with compromised periodontal attachment, thus contributing harm to an already damaged system. As stated, secondary occlusal trauma occurs when there is a compromised periodontal attachment and, thus, a pre-existing periodontal condition.
Cause and treatment
Teeth are constantly subject to both horizontal and vertical occlusal forces. With the center of rotation of the tooth acting as a fulcrum, the surface of bone adjacent to the pressured side of the tooth will undergo resorption and disappear, while the surface of bone adjacent to the tensioned side of the tooth will undergo apposition and increase in volume.
In both primary and secondary occlusal trauma, tooth mobility might develop over time, with it occurring earlier and being more prevalent in secondary occlusal trauma. To treat mobility due to primary occlusal trauma, the cause of the trauma must be eliminated. Likewise for teeth subject to secondary occlusal trauma, though these teeth may also require splinting together to the adjacent teeth so as to eliminate their mobility.
In primary occlusal trauma, the cause of the mobility was the excessive force being applied to a tooth with a normal attachment apparatus, otherwise known as a periodontally-uninvolved tooth. The approach should be to eliminate the cause of the pain and mobility by determining the causes and removing them; the mobile tooth or teeth will soon cease exhibiting mobility. This could involve removing a high spot on a recently restored tooth, or even a high spot on a non-recently restored tooth that perhaps moved into hyperocclusion. It could also involve altering one's parafunctional habits, such as refraining from chewing on pens or biting one's fingernails. For a bruxer, treatment of the patient's primary occlusal trauma could involve selective grinding of certain interarch tooth contacts or perhaps employing a nightguard to protect the teeth from the greater than normal occlusal forces of the patient's parafunctional habit. For someone who is missing enough teeth in non-strategic positions so that the remaining teeth are forced to endure a greater per square inch occlusal force, treatment might include restoration with either a removable prosthesis or implant-supported crown or bridge.
In secondary occlusal trauma, simply removing the "high spots" or selective grinding of the teeth will not eliminate the problem, because the teeth are already periodontally involved. After splinting the teeth to eliminate the mobility, the cause of the mobility (in other words, the loss of clinical attachment and bone) must be managed; this is achieved through surgical periodontal procedures such as soft tissue and bone grafts, as well as restoration of edentulous areas. As with primary occlusal trauma, treatment may include either a removable prosthesis or implant-supported crown or bridge.
References
External links
Acquired tooth disorders
Periodontology
Hookey is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gordon Hookey (born 1961), Australian aboriginal artist
Lee Hookey (born 1979), Australian rugby league player
Scott Hookey (born 1967), Australian cricketer
See also
Hooker (surname)
Gilles Martin (born 20 October 1963 in Paris) is a French engineer, scientist and billionaire. He is the founder and executive chairman of Eurofins Scientific.
Biography
Education
Martin's parents, Maryvonne Lucie Martin and Gérard-Jean Martin, were both chemistry professors at the University of Nantes. Gilles attended Centrale Paris where he dedicated a large part of his time to creating a company specialized in mathematics learning, Objectif Maths, alongside his friend Hervé Lecat, to whom he later sold his shares.
Martin then went on to work as a research assistant at Syracuse University, where he developed an diagnostic system using magnetic resonance imaging. After obtaining a master's degree and a PhD, he returned to France.
Eurofins Scientific
Originally, Martin's parents had patented a process for measuring sugar levels in wines, and entrusted their Gilles and his brother Yves-Loïc with the development and marketing of the process. The company's was launched in 1987. Gilles bought the patent from the Scientific Research National Center (CNRS), discovered new applications for the patent, and expanded the company's clientele to the entire food industry. The company quickly reached 50 employees and exported 70% of its production.
Eurofins then proceeded to massively buy out other laboratories, including by financing laboratories in start-up mode. This aggressive acquisition policy allowed the company to reach 50,000 employees by 2020.
Wealth
According to Forbes, Gilles Martin owns about 25% of Eurofins' capital through the family's holding company Analytical Bioventures. His fortune is estimated to be $5.2 billion, making him the 757th richest person in the world (as of December 2021).
Awards
2007 National Entrepreneur Award
See also
List of French people
Forbes list of billionaires
List of billionaires
References
1963 births
Living people
French billionaires
French engineers
French scientists
Forbes lists
Syracuse University alumni
École Centrale Paris alumni
Jan Ivar "Janne" Halvarsson (26 December 1942 – 5 May 2020) was a Swedish cross-country skier.
Career
He competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics in the 15, 30, 50 and 4 × 10 km events and won a silver medal in the relay, finishing fifth in the 15 km and seventh in the 50 km. He won a bronze medal in the 4 × 10 km relay at the 1970 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
During his skiing career Halvarsson was known for his waxing skills. Therefore, after retiring he was invited to cover this area at the Swedish national team, but left after quarrels with the skiing federation. He later ran a joiner's workshop in Hammerdal.
Halvarsson died on 5 May 2020, aged 77.
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic Games
1 medal – (1 silver)
World Championships
1 medal – (1 bronze)
References
External links
World Championship results
1942 births
2020 deaths
Cross-country skiers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Swedish male cross-country skiers
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Sweden
People from Östersund
Willie Hector, Jr. (born December 23, 1939) was an American football offensive guard who played one season with the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Rams in the fifth round of the 1961 NFL Draft. He was also drafted by the San Diego Chargers of the American Football League (AFL) in the tenth round of the 1961 AFL Draft. Hector played college football at Pacific. He was also a member of the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Early years
Hector played high school football at Tamalpais High School in Mill Valley, California and earned all-Northern California honors in 1956.
College career
Hector participated in football and track for the Pacific Tigers of the University of the Pacific. He competed in numerous track events for the Tigers, including the hurdles, high jump, long jump and 100-yard dash. He was named Pacific's Outstanding Track Athlete as a senior in 1961. Hector was inducted into the Pacific Athletics Hall of Fame as part of the 2001-02 class.
Professional career
Hector was selected by the Los Angeles Rams of the NFL with the 60th pick in the 1961 NFL Draft. He was also selected by the San Diego Chargers of the AFL with the 80th pick in the 1961 AFL Draft. He played in twelve games for the Rams during the 1961 season. Hector then played for the Calgary Stampeders of the CFL from 1962 to 1963, appearing in one game in 1962 and five games in 1963.
Coaching career
Hector was the head football coach at Tamalpais High School from the 1965 season through 1968.
Personal life
Willie's sons Zuri and Byron both played football as well. Zuri played as a defensive back for the USC Trojans. Byron played football for the Cal Golden Bears. Willie's grandson Ayden Hector is a four-star prospect in the class of 2020 at Eastside Catholic School in Sammamish, Washington. He was named as a defensive back to the Class 3A all-state high school football team in his junior year, after the Eastside Crusaders won the WIAA 3A State Championship.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
Living people
1939 births
American football offensive guards
Canadian football linebackers
Canadian football offensive linemen
Calgary Stampeders players
Los Angeles Rams players
Pacific Tigers football players
Tamalpais High School alumni
High school football coaches in California
People from New Iberia, Louisiana
Players of American football from Louisiana
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
African-American players of Canadian football
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Philippines had participated in the 24th Southeast Asian Games was held in the city of Nakhon Ratchasima from 6 to 15 December 2007. The country has a delegation of 620 athletes, who participated in 41 different events.
The delegation was placed 6th overall, the lowest windup of the country in the history of SEA Games since its entry in 1977. However, 4-time swimming gold medallist Miguel Molina was named the Most Valuable Male Player of the 2007 SEA Games, the third Filipino (and also the third Filipino swimmer) to bag the major award for outstanding SEA Games performance after Akiko Thomson in 1989 Kuala Lumpur Games and Eric Buhain in the 1991 Manila Games.
Medalists
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Multiple
Medal summary
By sports
Other results
Events are arranged chronologically; sports are arranged alphabetically. Events that won medals are excluded. For events currently ongoing in which the Philippines is not yet eliminated, see ongoing, below.
Shooting
Women's 25M Pistol (individual)
14th – Susan Aguado
Women's 50M Rifle Prone (individual)
9th – Nicoli Medina
Men's 10M Air Pistol (individual)
12th – Carolino Gonzales
Men's 10M Air Rifle (team)
4th – Philippines (Emerito Concepcion, Daryl Sandoval, Alfonso Hermoso)
Men's 50M Air Pistol (individual)
14th – Carolino Gonzales
Men's 25M Standard Pistol (individual)
5th – Tac Padilla
13th – Robert Donalvo
14th – Carolino Gonzales
Men's 25M Standard Pistol (team)
4th – Philippines (Nathaniel Padilla, Robert Donalvo, Carolino Gonzales)
Women's 10m Air Pistol (Individual)
12th – Susan Agualdo
Men's 50M Rifle Prone (team)
6th – Philippines (Eddie Tomas, Edwin Fernandez, Rocky Pardilla)
Men's 50M Rifle Prone (individual)
13th – Eddie Tomas
15th – Edwin Fernandez
18th – Rocky Pardilla
Men's 25M Rapid Prone (individual)
12th – Tac Padilla
13th – Robert Donalvo
Men's 25M Center Fire Pistol (team)
4th – Philippines (Nathaniel Padilla, Robert Donalvo, Carolino Gonzales)
Men's 25M Center Fire Pistol (individual)
7th – Tac Padilla
13th – Carolino Gonzales
14th – Roberto Donalvo
Men's 50M Rifle 3 position (individual)
9th – Rocky Pardill
10th – Edwin Fernandez
12th – Eddie Tomas
Men's 50M Rifle 3 position (team)
4th – Philippines (Rocky Pardilla, Edwin Fernandez, Eddie Tomas)
Men's Skeet (individual)
Tied-5th – Paul Brian Rosario
7th – Patricio Bernardo
8th – Gabriel Tong
Table tennis
Women's team:
Indonesia def. Philippines, 3-1
Ceria Nilasari (INA) def Andrea Balatbat (PHI) 3-1
Crisanta Abas (PHI) def Christine Ferliana (INA) 3-1
Nuni Sugiani (INA) def Ian Lariba (PHI) 3-0
Christine Ferliana (INA) def Andrea Balatbat (PHI) 3-0
Vietnam def. Philippines, 3-0
Mai Hoang my Thrang (VIE) def Crisanta Abas (PHI) 3-0
Mai Xuan Hang (VIE) def Andrea Balatbat (PHI) 3-0
Luong Thi Tam (VIE) def Ian Lariba (PHI) 3-0
Thailand def. Philippines, 3-0
Nanthana Komwong (THA) def Andrea Balatbat (PHI) 3-0
Anisara Munagsuk (THA) def Crisanta Abas (PHI) 3-0
Priyakan Triampo (THA) def Ian Lariba (PHI) 3-1
Men's team
Philippines def. Cambodia, 3-0
Richard Gonzales (PHI) def Boroath Sam (CAM) 3-0
Julius Esposo (PHI) def Sovathanak Hout (CAM) 3-0
Henberd Ortalla (PHI) def Roathana Sun (CAM) 3-0
Singapore def. Philippines, 3-0
Gao Ning (SIN) def Henberd Ortalla (PHI) 3-0
Yang Zi (SIN) def Richard Gonzales (PHI) 3-1
Cai Xiaoli (SIN) def Rodel Ireneo Valle (PHI) 3-0
Thailand def. Philippines, 3-0
Phakpoom Sanguansin (THA) def Richard Gonzales (PHI) 3-0
Phuchong Sanguansin (THA) def Henberd Ortalla (PHI) 3-1
Chaisit Chaitat (THA) def Julius Esposo (PHI) 3-1
Ongoing
These events are either currently ongoing or to be held, no medals are awarded yet and the Philippines is still in contention:
Men's Basketball
Results
Pool stage: 82-136
Pool stage: 49-75
Pool stage: 60-180
Pool stage: 53-94
Women's Basketball
Results
Pool stage: 55-67
Pool stage: 70-54
Pool stage: 74-56
Football (soccer)
Women:
Group A: 2-2 (Goal scorers: Patrice Impelido (48'), Edna Agravante (50'))
Group A: 10-0
References
Southeast Asian Games
Nations at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games
2007
The IWRG Máscara vs. Máscara (September 2016) (Spanish for "Mask versus Mask") was a major professional wrestling event that was scripted and produced by the lucha libre wrestling company International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG; sometimes also referred to as Grupo Internacional Revolución in Spanish) that took place on September 4, 2016, in IWRG's home arena Arena Naucalpan in Naucalpan, State of Mexico, Mexico. The main event and highlights from several of the matches on the show were broadcast the following day on AYM Sports in Mexico and matches from the show were later posted online by the Lucha+ TV show.
In the main event of the show, a Lucha de Apuestas or "bet match", Trauma I defeated Canis Lupus, forcing him to unmask and reveal his real name, Héctor López. Also on the show Imposible defeated Heddi Karaoui to win the IWRG Intercontinental Middleweight Championship and the team of Veneno and Chicano became the number one contenders for the IWRG Intercontinental Tag Team Championship.
Production
Background
In Lucha libre the wrestling mask holds a sacred place, with the most anticipated and prestigious matches being those where a wrestler's mask is on the line, a so-called Lucha de Apuestas, or "bet match" where the loser would be forced to unmask in the middle of the ring and state their birth name. Winning a mask is considered a bigger accomplishment in lucha libre than winning a professional wrestling championship.
The Máscara vs. Máscara show was the third of three major shows held within a week of each other, produced by the three biggest lucha libre promotions in Mexico, AAA, Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and IWRG. The first show, AAA's Triplemanía XXIV, which took on Sunday August 28 at the Arena Ciudad de México with Psycho Clown defeating Pagano in a Lucha de Apuestas match in the main event. The second major lucha libre show, the CMLL 83rd Anniversary Show, took place five days after Triplemanía on September 2 at Arena México where Dragon Lee defeated La Máscara in a match where both their masks were on the line. Finally IWRG held the Máscara vs. Máscara show two days later on September 4.
Storylines
The event featured six professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers were portrayed as either heels (referred to as rudos in Mexico, those that portray the "bad guys") or faces (técnicos in Mexico, the "good guy" characters) as they performed in matches with a pre-determined outcome.
In early 2016 Trauma I defeated El Hijo de Dos Caras to win the IWRG Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship in the main event of IWRG's 2016 Triangular de la Muerte ("Triangle of Death") show. Subsequently, Trauma I and his brother Trauma II became involved in a storyline feud with Los Insoportables ("The Unbearables") team of Canis Lupus and Eterno). This led to Los Traumas defeating Los Insportables in the main event of IWRG's Choque de Rudos ("Villain Shock"). A few weeks later Los Insportables gained a measure of revenge by defeating Los Traumas. On April 13 Los Traumas and their father Negro Navarro successfully defended the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship against Canis Lupus, Eterno and Apolo Estrada Jr. Throughout the storyline the focal point was on the issues between Trauma I and Canis Lupus, which lead to Canis Lupus defeating Trauma I in the main event of the Lucha de Fieras ("Fierce Fight"). On April 24 Canis Lupus played a key role in Máscara Año 2000 Jr. defeating Trauma I to win the IWRG Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship, attacking Trauma I when the referee was not looking. After the match Canis Lupus demanded a title match as he helped Máscara Año 2000 Jr. win the championship. The following week the two faced off in a match where both wrestlers would bleed heavily during the match. Following Máscara Año 2000 Jr. cheating to retain the championship Trauma I came to the ring, challenging both wrestlers to a Lucha de Apuestas match.
In June Mr. Electro began working for IWRG on a regular basis and ends up winning the IWRG Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship on June 12. From that point on the storyline turned into a four-way feud between Trauma I, Canis Lupus, Máscara Año 2000 Jr. and Mr. Electro. On July 10 Mr. Electro defeated Máscara Año 2000 Jr. in the main event of IWRG's Gran Mano a Mano Esperando where Mr. Electro defeated Máscara Año 2000 Jr. after hitting him with a light tube. Following the match both agreed to put their hair on the line in a Lucha de Apuestas match the following week. A week later Mascara Ano 2000 Jr. pinned Mr. Electro, forcing Mr. Electro to have his hair shaved off as a result. Afterwards Canis Lupus challenged Mascara Ano 2000 Jr. to another Lucha de Apuestas match where Canis Lupus would put his mask on the line. The match took place on August 8 and was Canis Lupus pin Mascara Ano 2000 Jr. in the third fall to win the match. While Mascara Ano 2000 Jr. was being shaved bald Trauma I came to ringside and challenged Canis Lupus to put his mask on the line. Canis Lupus agreed with IWRG announcing that both wrestlers would risk their hair in the main event of IWRG's September 4 show. In the week after IWRG made the match official Box y Lucha magazine stated it was "IWRG's biggest Apuestas match in years", noting the high profile of both masked wrestlers involved in the match. On August 25 IWRG released the poster for the Máscara vs. Máscara event, which revealed the six match show details.
The father/son team of Pantera and El Hijo del Pantera won the IWRG Intercontinental Tag Team Championship from Los Gringos VIP (Apolo Estrada Jr. and El Hijo del Diablo on November 22, 2015. The team only defended the championship once between November 2015 and August 2016, defeating the father son team of Negro Navarro and Trauma II on February 7, 2016. To determine the next number one contenders for the tag team championship they booked a four-way tag team match where the winners would be given the next match. None of the four teams in the tournament had team together prior, but were paired up by IWRG. The teams include El Hijo de Dos Caras and Trauma II, Máscara Año 2000 Jr. and Toscano, Mr. Electro and Herodes Jr. and finally Veneno vs. Chicano,
On August 21 then reigning IWRG Intercontinental Lightweight Champion Imposible announced that he was vacating the championship after having held it for 1142 days, starting on July 7, 2013. Imposible decided he wanted to move up to the middleweight class and wanted to challenge for the IWRG Intercontinental Middleweight Championship. IWRG agreed and gave him a championship match against reigning champion Heddi Karaoui at Máscara vs. Máscara. The match will be Karaoui's second championship defense since winning the championship on October 25, 2015.
IWRG announced three additional matches without any ongoing storylines leading into the matches but featuring several IWRG regulars including Distrito Federal Trios Champions Los Tortuga Ninja (a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle inspired group of masked wrestlers; Leo, Mikey and Rafy teaming with fourth Tortuga Leelo) to face off against Hananoka, Hip Hop Man, Killer Jr. and Yakuza in the third match of the night. In the second match of the night long time IWRG wrestlers Black Terry and Cerebro Negro (part of Los Terrible Cerebros) team up with Pantera I to take on two-thirds of Los Mariachis Locos, El Hijo del Diablo and Diablo Jr., who team up with Violencia Jr.
The opening match saw rivals Dragon Fly and Demonio Infernal on opposite sides of an eight-man tag team match where Dragon Fly teams up with Alas de Oro, Aramis and Diosa Atena, while Demoio Infernal teams up with Araña de Plata, Skanda and Lili Darth. On August 3, in the main event of IWRG's most recent Máscara vs. Cabellera show, Dragon Fly defeated Demonio Infernal in a Lucha de Apuestas, forcing Demonio Infiernal to unmask afterwards.
Event
Alas de Acero was originally advertised for the opening event, but he was replaced by Cadillac on the night of the event, with no official explanation given. The team of Araña de Plata, Demonio Infernal, Lilith Dark and Skanda defeated Aramis, Cadillac, Diosa Atenea and Dragón Fly, two falls to one. The focal point of the second match of the night was the ongoing, escalating feud between El Hijo del Diablo and Black Terry. The match saw Hijo del Diablo, Diablo Jr. and Violencia Jr. defeat Black Terry, Cerebro Negro and Pantera I by underhanded means. After the match both Hijo del Diablo and Black Terry made challenges for a Lucha de Apuestas, hair vs. hair match, that was then made official for September 18. In the third match of the night IWRG regulars Los Tortugas Ninja defeated Hip Hop Man and the "Outsiders" Hanaoka, Hip Hop Man, Killer Jr., Yakuza.
For the IWRG Intercontinental Middleweight Championship match Imposible was accompanied by his Los Mariachis de la Muerte team member El Hijo del Diablo. During the match defending champion Karaoui hit his head and was bleeding throughout the closing portions of the match. In the end Imposible pinned Karaoui to become the 36th IWRG Intercontinental Middleweight Champion. The semi-main event tag team math was contested first fall wins the match rules, which led to all teams fighting to stay alive, breaking up pinfalls throughout the match. In the end Veneno pinned El Hijo del Dos Casas to win the match and thus earned a title opportunity for himself and Chicano.
For the Lucha de Apuestas match Trauma I had Mr. Elektro in his corner while Canis Lupus was accompanied by Máscara Año 2000 Jr. While both wrestlers lent moral support, neither of the corner-men interfered during the match. Canis Lupus won the first fall, putting Trauma I at a disadvantage. Trauma I won the second fall with a submission, leading to the third fall. Canis Lupus was bleeding by the beginning of the third fall, which escalated throughout the match, leaving bloodstains all over the canvas as the match progressed. During the third and deciding fall of the main event Trauma I accidentally hit the referee, which gave Canis Lupus the opportunity to use a Piledriver on Trauma I. In lucha libre the piledriver is a banned moved and is always played up as being very damaging to the neck of the recipient. The move was not enough to finish the match as Trauma I managed to lift his shoulder at the last seconds. The match was momentarily stopped for a doctor to check on Trauma I, but to the surprise of everyone in the arena Trauma I insisted on fighting, ending up trapping Canis Lupus in a figure-four leglock, forcing Canis Lupus to submit. After the match, Trauma I was fitted with a neck brace to sell the damage from the pile driver. As a result of his loss Canis Lupus had to unmask and reveal his real name, Héctor López, that he was 32 years old and had been a wrestler for 10 years. López brought his girlfriend into the ring to do the actual unmasking, after which he proposed to her, which she accepted.
Aftermath
The main event and highlights from several of the matches on the show were broadcast the following day on AYM Sports in Mexico. Some of the matches from the show were later posted online by the Lucha+ TV show as well. After being named the number one contenders for the IWRG Intercontinental Tag Team Championship Chicano and Veneno were given a match for the championship the following week on September 11. During the match the actual lights in Arena Naucalpan went out, promoting the fans in attendance to take out their cell phones and lighting up the arena as Chicano and Veneno defeated El Pantera and El Hijo del Pantera to win the championship. While both Black Terry and El Hijo del Diablo agreed to a Lucha de Apuestas match for September 18, IWRG did not actually announce that match as part of their September 18th show.
Results
References
External links
2016 in professional wrestling
2016.9
September 2016 events in Mexico
The is a tilting diesel multiple unit (DMU) train type operated by Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido) on Sapporo area suburban services in Hokkaido, Japan since 1997. The KiHa 201 trains are designed to work in multiple with 731 series electric multiple unit (EMU) sets with which it shares numerous features, including appearance, interior layout, bodyshell and control systems. These daily interworkings are the only diesel-electric multiple working in Japan. To allow them to work alongside faster and more powerful EMUs, KiHa 201 units are uniquely fitted with pneumatic tilting bogies designed by Kawasaki Heavy Industries and used on KiHa 261 series express trains.
Formation
The fleet is formed as four 3-car sets, D-101–104, as follows.
Interior
Seating consists of longitudinal bench seating throughout. The KiHa 201-200 cars are fitted with a toilet. For greater capacity and shorter loading times, features typical to trains in Hokkaido, such as entrance vestibules designed to keep passenger compartments warm, are for the first time replaced by individually-opening semi-automatic doors and infrared heating.
History
The first set was delivered from Fuji Heavy Industries to Naebo Depot in December 1996, and the fleet of four sets entered revenue service from the start of 22 March 1997 timetable revision.
Polycarbonate window covers were fitted to the fleet between June and September 2002.
Services
Operating on the Hakodate Main Line between , and , these commuter units are used on local and Ishikari Liner and Niseko Liner Rapid services, formerly operating on the Sassho Line before its electrification in 2012, as well as the Chitose Line. Multiple workings with 731 series EMUs are currently limited to one single trip a day.
Unlike other DMUs operated by JR Hokkaido, KiHa 201s are not equipped for driver only operation. Services on lines - such as on the Sassho Line pre-electrification - where most trains operate with the driver only still require conductors when KiHa 201s are used.
References
201 series
Hokkaido Railway Company
Tilting trains
Train-related introductions in 1997
Yan Hui (–481 BC) was a Chinese philosopher. He was the favorite disciple of Confucius and one of the most revered figures of Confucianism. He is venerated in Confucian temples as one of the Four Sages.
Names
Yan Hui is also known by his courtesy name Ziyuan and as Yan Yuan, a combination of his surname and courtesy name. He is also reverently referred to as Master Yan or Yanzi.
Life
Yan Hui was a native of the state of Lu. His father Yan Wuyou (Yan Lu) was one of the earliest disciples of Confucius. Yan Hui was about 30 years younger than Confucius, and became a student of the Master at a young age.
Yan Hui was Confucius' favorite disciple. "After I got Yan Hui," Confucius remarked, "the disciples came closer to me." We are told that once, when he found himself on the Nang hill with Yan Hui, Zilu, and Zigong, Confucius asked them to tell him their different aims, and he would choose between them. Zilu began, and when he had done, the master said, "It marks your bravery." Zigong followed, on whose words the judgment was, "They show your discriminating eloquence." At last came Yan Hui, who said, "I should like to find an intelligent king and sage ruler whom I might assist. I would diffuse among the people instructions on the five great points, and lead them on by the rules of propriety and music, so that they should not care to fortify their cities by walls and moats, but would fuse their swords and spears into implements of agriculture. They should send forth their flocks without fear into the plains and forests. There should be no sunderings of families, no widows or widowers. For a thousand years there would be no calamity of war. Yu would have no opportunity to display his bravery, or Ts'ze to display his oratory." The master pronounced, "How admirable is this virtue!"
Death
When Yan Hui was twenty-nine, his hair was all white. He died at an early age.
Given his age and accounts, it was suspected that Yan was one of the first recorded cases of progeria.
After the death of Yan Hui, Confucius lamented, "Heaven has bereft me! Heaven has bereft me!". When told by other students that he was showing "excessive grief", the old philosopher replied: "Am I showing excessive grief? Well, for whom would I show excessive grief if not for this man?". Even years later, Confucius would say that no other student could take Yan Hui's place, so gifted and dedicated Yan Hui had been.
Veneration
Yan Hui, along with Confucius himself, was venerated by the first emperor of the Han dynasty. The title which he now has in the sacrificial Canon—Fusheng ("Continuator of the Sage")—was conferred in the ninth year of the Jiajing era, A.D. 1530. Almost all the present sacrificial titles of the worthies in the Temple of Confucius were fixed at that time. Yan Hui's place is the first of the Four Assessors, on the east of Confucius.
Descendants
The Yan family were from Langye (). The Yans abandoned northern China in 317. The devastation of the north during the Western Jin's (266–420) collapse caused the southward journey of Yan Han, who was mentioned in the Guan wo sheng fu by Yan Zhitui. After that, they served the Southern Dynasties.
In 495 CE, Emperor Xiaowen of the Northern Wei, who venerated Confucius and his teachings, bestowed official ranks upon two scions of Yan Hui's lineage.
The clan had resided in the south for eight generations when Yan Zhitui (531–591) was born. His grandfather, Yan Jianyuan had committed suicide by hunger strike after the 502 rebellion against the Southern Qi. Yan Zhitui's father was Yan Xie. His elder brothers were Yan Zhiyi and Yan Zhisan. Yan Zhitui himself served under several dynasties during his lifetime and composed the Family Instructions to the Yan Clan (Yanshi Jiaxun 顏氏家訓). He also compiled the Yuanhun Zhi 冤魂志. In the approximately 1,000 years from Yan Hui's to Yan Zhitui's generation, two Yans sought a military career; most of the Yans served as literati.
For most of the Ming (1368–1644) and during the entire Qing (1644–1912) dynasty, Yan Hui's descendants held the hereditary title of Wujing Boshi (五经博士; 五經博士; Wǔjīng Bóshì), a scholarly rank from the Hanlin Academy. The current only direct descendant (the seventy-ninth generation) of Yan Hui is Yan Binggang (顏秉刚).
In Taiwan there is an office called the "Sacrificial Official" (Fengsiguan 奉祀官) to the Four Sages of Confucianism, which include Yan Hui.
Shrines
Yan Hui is venerated at the Temple of Yan Hui, which is located in Qufu's walled city, a few blocks north of the Temple of Confucius.
Yan Hui's tomb is now surrounded by hundreds of tombs of his descendants, forming the Yan Family Cemetery ("Yan Forest"). A stele was installed at his tomb during the Jurchen Jin dynasty, and re-erected during the Ming Dynasty. The tomb is well preserved.
See also
Four Sages
Neo-Confucianism
Progeria
References
Citations
Bibliography
520s BC births
481 BC deaths
6th-century BC Chinese philosophers
5th-century BC Chinese philosophers
Disciples of Confucius
People from Qufu
Philosophers from Lu (state)
Philosophers from Shandong
The Hound of the Baskervilles is a 1932 British mystery film directed by Gareth Gundrey and starring John Stuart, Robert Rendel and Frederick Lloyd. It is based on the 1902 novel The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle, in which Sherlock Holmes is called in to investigate a suspicious death on Dartmoor. It was made by Gainsborough Pictures. The screenplay was written by Edgar Wallace.
Plot summary
Cast
John Stuart as Sir Henry Baskerville
Robert Rendel as Sherlock Holmes
Frederick Lloyd as Dr. Watson
Heather Angel as Beryl Stapleton
Reginald Bach as Stapleton
Wilfred Shine as Dr. Mortimer
Sam Livesey as Sir Hugo Baskerville
Henry Hallett as Barrymore
Sybil Jane as Mrs. Barrymore
Elizabeth Vaughan as Mrs. Laura Lyons
Reception
Contemporary reviews found the film lacking. Bioscope claimed: "It is upon the dialogue of Edgar Wallace rather than sustained action that the producer relies on to hold his audience, and the development becomes tedious in the attempt to piece together the various phases of the mystery." Picturegoer said: "This picture fails to do justice to Conan Doyle's thrilling Sherlock Holmes story."
Production
The first sound version of The Hound of the Baskervilles, it had a budget of £25,000 ().
On 28 February 1931 Lustleigh railway station, on the then-Great Western Railway, was used as the location for 'Baskerville' station at which Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are seen arriving.
For many years, it was believed that only the (silent) picture negative of this movie still existed. However, in 1991, a complete set of negatives and soundtracks were donated to the British Film Institute (BFI) by the Rank Corporation. As such, the film now survives intact (and with sound) in the BFI archives.
References
External links
|id= 53021}}
Films based on The Hound of the Baskervilles
1932 films
British mystery films
1930s mystery films
Films directed by Gareth Gundrey
Films with screenplays by Edgar Wallace
Sherlock Holmes films
British black-and-white films
Gainsborough Pictures films
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Trefusiidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Enoplida.
Genera
Genera:
Africanema Vincx & Furstenberg, 1988
Alaimonemella Allgén, 1935
Cytolaimium Cobb, 1920
References
Nematodes
Early Scots was the emerging literary language of the Northern Middle English speaking parts of Scotland in the period before 1450. The northern forms of Middle English descended from Northumbrian Old English. During this period, speakers referred to the language as "English" (Inglis, Ynglis, and variants).
Early examples such as Barbour's The Brus and Wyntoun's Chronicle are better explained as part of Northern Middle English than as isolated forerunners of later Scots, a name first used to describe the language later in the Middle Scots period.
History
Northumbrian Old English had been established in south-eastern Scotland as far as the River Forth in the 7th century and largely remained there until the 13th century, which is why in the late 12th century Adam of Dryburgh described his locality as "in the land of the English in the Kingdom of the Scots" and why the early 13th century author of de Situ Albanie wrote that the Firth of Forth "divides the kingdoms of the Scots and of the English".
Political developments in the 12th century facilitated the spread of the English language. Institutions such as the burghs first established by David I, mostly in the south and east of Scotland, brought new communities into the areas in which they were established. Incoming burghers were mainly English (notably from regions like Yorkshire and Huntingdonshire), Dutch and French. Although the military aristocracy employed French and Gaelic, these small urban communities appear to have been using English as something more than a by the end of the 13th century, although this may not be surprising as the area south of the Forth in eastern lowland Scotland was already English speaking and had been since Anglo-Saxon times. Although the population of the largest burghs would have been counted in hundreds rather than thousands, a radical social shift occurred whereby many Gaelic speakers became assimilated into the new social system and its language.
The increasing economic influence of the burghs attracted further English, Fleming and Scandinavian immigration. As the economic power of the burghs grew, Gaelic-speakers from the hinterland found it advantageous to acquire a working knowledge of English. The institutional language of the burghs consisted of vocabulary that was Germanic in origin, such English terms as toft (homestead and land), croft (smallholding), ruid (land let by a burgh), guild (a trade association), bow (an arched gateway), wynd (lane) and raw (row of houses).
Multi-lingualism and cultural diversity became increasingly the norm after David I. People in one part of the realm could be addressed as (French, English, Scots and Galloway-men). The end of the House of Dunkeld led to the throne being passed to three families of Anglo-French origin, the Balliols, Bruces and Stewarts. After the death of King Robert I, the kings of Scotland (with the exception of King Robert II) increasingly identified themselves with the English-speaking part of the kingdom. As a result, by the reign of King James I of Scotland, the political heartland of the Scottish king moved from the area around Scone and Perth to the traditionally English area around Edinburgh south of the Forth.
By the 14th and 15th centuries, the variety of English () that resulted from the above influences had replaced Gaelic () in much of the lowlands and Norman French had ceased to be used as the language of the elite. By this time differentiation into Southern, Central and Northern dialects had perhaps occurred. Scots was also beginning to replace Latin as a language for records and literature. In Caithness, it came into contact with both Norn and Gaelic.
Vocabulary
The core vocabulary is of Anglo-Saxon origin although many of the differences in the phonology, morphology and lexicon in the northern and southern dialects of Middle English have been traced to the linguistic influence in the North of the eighth- and ninth-century Viking invaders who first plundered, then conquered and settled in, large territories in Northumbria, Lincolnshire and East Anglia. Scots also retained many words which became obsolete farther south. The pattern of foreign borrowings, such as Romance via ecclesiastical and legal Latin and French, was much the same as that of contemporary English but was often different in detail because of the continuing influence of the Auld Alliance and the imaginative use of Latinisms in literature.
During this period a number of words of Anglo-Saxon origin, such as (alone), (grave), (cleanse), (a half part), (harmful), (contention), (bondage), and (surround), were now almost or completely unique to Scots.
French-derived warfare terms such as (saddle-bow), (helmet), (battalion), (coat of mail), (hardened leather), (troop), (vanguard), and (crossbow bolt) became part of the language along with other French vocabulary such as (godmother), (breakfast), (stern, grim), (annoy), (gooseberry), (rascal), (means), (furniture) and (provisions).
The vocabulary of Scots was augmented by the speech of Scandinavians, Flemings, Dutch and Middle Low German speakers through trade with, and immigration from, the low countries.
From Scandinavian (often via Scandinavian influenced Middle English) came at (that/who), byg (build), bak (bat), bla (blae), bra (brae), ferlie (marvel), flyt (remove), fra (from), gar (compel), gowk (cuckoo), harnis (brains), ithand (industrious), low (flame), lug (an appendage, ear), man (must), neve (fist), sark (shirt), spe (prophesy), þa (those), til (to), tinsell (loss), (valiant), and wyll (lost, confused).
The Flemings introduced bonspell (sporting contest), bowcht (sheep pen), cavie (hen coop), crame (a booth), (flint striker), (a gross), howff (courtyard), kesart (cheese vat), lunt (match), much (a cap), muchkin (a liquid measure), skaff (scrounge), wapinschaw (muster of militia), wyssill (change of money), and the coins , and .
A number of Gaelic words such as breive (judge), cane (a tribute), couthal (court of justice), davach (a measure of land), duniwassal (nobleman), kenkynolle (head of the kindred), mare (tax collector), and toschachdor (leader, cf. Irish , Welsh ) occurred in early legal documents but most became obsolete early in the period. Gaelic words for topographical features have endured, such as bogg (bog), carn (pile of stones), corrie (hollow in a hill), crag (rock), inch (small island), knok (hill), loch (lake or fjord), and strath (river valley).
Orthography
The language first appeared in written form in the mid-14th century, when its written form differed little from that of northern English dialects, and so Scots shared many Northumbrian borrowings from Old Norse and Anglo-Norman French. The reduced set of verb agreement endings in particular give the language an uncannily modern appearance when compared to the writing of English contemporaries such as Geoffrey Chaucer.
Some orthographic features distinguishing Northern Middle English and Early Scots from other regional variants of written Middle English are:
The notable use of the Northern subject rule, which according to one hypothesis, is thought to have arisen through contact with the Celtic languages of Britain during the early medieval period. Another hypothesis proposes a possible path of developments from the reduction of verbal affixes followed by originally enclitic postverbal pronouns.
The forms of the third-person plural pronoun they/their/them (derived from Old Norse) which later moved southwards to replace the older Southern he/here/hem forms (derived from Old English). One reason why the Northern forms were ultimately successful is that they got rid of the ambiguity of early Southern Middle English he (which could mean 'he', 'they', or even in some dialects 'she') and , (which could mean either 'her' or 'their').
The reduced set of verb agreement endings originating in the 9th or 10th centuries. In Northern Middle English, in the present tense, in all persons and numbers but the first singular, which had –e, the ending was –(e)s; and in Scotland even the first-person singular was occasionally –s. Whereas the Old English and Southern and Midlands Middle English pattern had –e, -(e)s(t), -(e)th in the three persons of the singular and –(a)th (-(e)n in the Midlands) in all persons of the plural.
Loss of the Old English prefix ge-, often y- or i- further south.
The single syllable northern infinitive (sing rather than the Old English singan), whereas the past participle -en inflection was used in the South. The final e was silent in the North but still pronounced further south.
The northern present participle –and, whereas –, – was used in the South, and the northern past participle of strong verbs, in for example, and southern .
The Scottish -yt/-it for the past tense, the northern form was usually -yd/-id where further south -ed was used.
In the North and in the Northeast Midlands evidence from poetry indicates a pattern unlike that of Old English reflecting contact with a Scandinavian-influenced one. Whereas in the West Midlands and Southern dialects of early Middle English the verb-second (V2) pattern of Old English is largely maintained.
Other differences between Northern and Southern Middle English were the adoption of function words of Norse origin, but also phonological effects such as the replacement of Old English sh by sk, sc and and for the palatalized and . Other phonological differences included the simplification in the initial sc/sh- fricative to (suld, should; sall, shall). The retention of Old English long a in where, further south, this long a had "rounded" to an open o: (hayly holy, ane one, wald would awne own, hald hold). The practice of indicating a long vowel by means of a following –y or –i: (boite boot, doyne done, soyne soon, boythe both). The spelling quh for wh, ch for gh or ȝ, ȝ for , y for th or þ, double ff to indicate unvoiced final consonants (haiff have, gyff give) and, of course, the use of words, or forms of words, that were common only in the northern dialects.
By the end of the period when Middle Scots began to emerge, orthography and phonology had diverged significantly from that of Northern Middle English.
Phonology
The Early Scots vowel system (c 1375)
The major differences to contemporary southern English are the outcome of Anglo-Saxon as , the distribution of the unchanged Anglo-Saxon and from Anglo-Saxon . The Scandinavian-influenced in words such as birk (birch), brekis (breeches), brig (bridge), kirk (church), kist (chest), mekil (much) and rig (ridge), and the retention of Germanic in words such as lowp (leap), cowp (cf. cheap, to trade) and nowt (cattle).
Literature
Sample text
Renunciation by Alexander Lindsay, knight, Lord of Glenesk, of certain lands, in favour of Margaret Countess of Marr and her sister Elizabeth. 12 March 1379.
Notes
See also
History of the Scots language
Phonological history of the Scots language
Dictionary of the Scots Language
References
A History of Scots to 1700 in A Dictionary of Older Scots Vol. 12. Oxford University Press 2002.
Aitken, A.J. (1977) How to Pronounce Older Scots in Bards and Makars. Glasgow, Glasgow University Press.
Aitken, A.J. (2002) Macafee C. (Ed) The Older Scots Vowels: A History of the Stressed Vowels of Older Scots From the Beginnings to the Eighteenth century. Edinburgh, The Scottish Text Society.
Jones, Charles (1997) The Edinburgh History of the Scots Language. Edinburgh, University of Edinburgh Press.
Slater, J. (1952) 'An edition of Early Scots texts from the beginnings to 1410', Dissertation, 2 Vols, University of Edinburgh.
External links
Dictionary of the Scots Language
Scottish Language Dictionaries Ltd
Reading Older Scots
Teaching Package
The Scottish Text Society
Scots language
Scots, Early
Scotland in the High Middle Ages
Scotland in the Late Middle Ages
Tony Hearn (born 18 August 1969) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s. Hearn played for the North Sydney Bears South Queensland Crushers and St. George Dragons. He also represented Queensland in 7 state of origin games between 1995–97. While not born in Queensland, Hearn grew up there.
Playing career
Hearn made his first grade debut for North Sydney in Round 3 1992 against St George.
In 1994, Hearn made 16 appearances for Norths as the club finished 2nd on the table enjoying their best season in several years. Norths reached the preliminary final but were defeated by eventual premiers Canberra with Hearn playing in the match.
In 1995, Norths qualified for the finals with Hearn making 10 appearances. His final game for Norths was a 14–14 draw against the Gold Coast.
In 1996, Hearn joined South Queensland and made 15 appearances for the club as they finished last on the table.
In 1997, Hearn joined St George playing with them for 2 seasons before retiring at the end of 1998.
References
External links
Tony Hearn FOG'S
Tony Hearn Rugby League Project
Australian rugby league players
North Sydney Bears players
South Queensland Crushers players
St. George Dragons players
Queensland Rugby League State of Origin players
Living people
1969 births
Rugby league props
Salzhemmendorf is a village and a municipality in the Hamelin-Pyrmont district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 20 km east of Hamelin and 31 km west of Hildesheim and is located on the route 1. It is a nationally recognized health resort with a therapeutic brine thermal bath "Ith-Sole-Therme".
Salzhemmendorf consists of Salzhemmendorf proper, as well as Ahrenfeld, Benstorf, Hemmendorf, Lauenstein, Levedagsen, Ockensen, Oldendorf, Osterwald, Thüste and Wallensen.
Main sights
Weserbergland
The "Water tree" in Ockensen, a worldwide attraction
The nearby located holiday park Rastiland
References
External links
a web page of Salzhemmendorf for tourists
termal bath "Ith-Sole-Therme"
Hameln-Pyrmont
5th Queens was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district was also known as Charlottetown Common until 1939.
Until 1966, the district comprised the entire city of Charlottetown. For that year's provincial election, the district was split, and 5th Queens comprised the eastern half of the city for the remainder of its existence. The western half of Charlottetown became the new district of 6th Queens.
The district was abolished in 1996 into Charlottetown-Kings Square, Parkdale-Belvedere, Sherwood-Hillsborough and Stanhope-East Royalty.
Members
Dual member
Assemblyman-Councillor
Election results
1993
Councillor
Assemblyman
1989
Councillor
Assemblyman
1986
Councillor
Assemblyman
1982
Councillor
Assemblyman
References
Queens 5
1873 establishments in Prince Edward Island
1996 disestablishments in Prince Edward Island
Constituencies established in 1873
Constituencies disestablished in 1996
The CIFAR-10 dataset (Canadian Institute For Advanced Research) is a collection of images that are commonly used to train machine learning and computer vision algorithms. It is one of the most widely used datasets for machine learning research. The CIFAR-10 dataset contains 60,000 32x32 color images in 10 different classes. The 10 different classes represent airplanes, cars, birds, cats, deer, dogs, frogs, horses, ships, and trucks. There are 6,000 images of each class.
Computer algorithms for recognizing objects in photos often learn by example. CIFAR-10 is a set of images that can be used to teach a computer how to recognize objects. Since the images in CIFAR-10 are low-resolution (32x32), this dataset can allow researchers to quickly try different algorithms to see what works.
CIFAR-10 is a labeled subset of the 80 million tiny images dataset. When the dataset was created, students were paid to label all of the images.
Various kinds of convolutional neural networks tend to be the best at recognizing the images in CIFAR-10.
Research papers claiming state-of-the-art results on CIFAR-10
This is a table of some of the research papers that claim to have achieved state-of-the-art results on the CIFAR-10 dataset. Not all papers are standardized on the same pre-processing techniques, like image flipping or image shifting. For that reason, it is possible that one paper's claim of state-of-the-art could have a higher error rate than an older state-of-the-art claim but still be valid.
See also
List of datasets for machine learning research
MNIST database
References
External links
CIFAR-10 page - The home of the dataset
Canadian Institute For Advanced Research
Similar datasets
CIFAR-100: Similar to CIFAR-10 but with 100 classes and 600 images each.
ImageNet (ILSVRC): 1 million color images of 1000 classes. Imagenet images are higher resolution, averaging 469x387 resolution.
Street View House Numbers (SVHN): Approximately 600,000 images of 10 classes (digits 0-9). Also 32x32 color images.
80 million tiny images dataset: CIFAR-10 is a labeled subset of this dataset.
Artificial intelligence
Datasets in computer vision
Giesen is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 6 km northwest of Hildesheim, and 22 km southeast of Hanover.
The municipality includes five villages:
Ahrbergen (pop. 2,219)
Emmerke (pop. 1,684)
Giesen (pop. 3,401)
Groß Förste (pop. 795)
Hasede (pop. 1,606)
Gallery
Personalities
Sons and daughters of the community:
Hermann Schnipkoweit (born 1928), politician (CDU)
Personalities associated with this community:
Michael Weiner (born 1969), football referee, lives in the district of Hasede
References
External links
Hildesheim (district)
The is a mini MPV which was manufactured by the Japanese automaker Daihatsu from 2000 to 2005. The name "YRV" is an abbreviation for "Young Recreational Vehicle".
Engines and trim levels
A four-wheel drive system named "4Trak" is available only with the 1.3 L K3-VE engine internationally. A Japanese domestic market turbocharged version was also available. All other versions are equipped with front-wheel drive system. There was also the F-Speed semi-automatic transmission version.
A premium specification was available. This featured the naturally aspirated K3-VE engine, side skirts and five spoke alloy wheels. This version was the highest selling YRV specification of the three and as a result, is the most common in the UK.
The YRV has an option for an electronically controlled 4-speed automatic transmission. The international YRV turbo comes with this transmission as standard equipment.
A four-wheel drive Japanese domestic market version was available at launch and up until discontinuation in 2005. This version had a turbocharged 1.3 L K3-VET engine and an electronically controlled 4-speed automatic transmission or an upgraded 5-speed manual transmission option, exclusively for this model.
Gallery
References
YRV
Cars introduced in 2000
Mini MPVs
Hatchbacks
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Ma Xingrui (; born October 1959) is a Chinese politician and aerospace engineer who is the Communist Party Secretary of Xinjiang. Prior to that, he had served as the Vice Minister of Industry and Information Technology, Head of the Political and Legal Affairs Commission of Guangdong, Communist Party Secretary of Shenzhen, Deputy Party Secretary of Guangdong, and Governor of Guangdong. Ma is a full member of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.
Ma is recognized as one of China's top scientists. He previously served as Vice President of Harbin Institute of Technology, General Manager of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, Director of the China National Space Administration, and chief commander of Chang'e 3, China's first lunar exploration mission.
Education and academic career
Ma Xingrui was born in October 1959 in Shuangyashan, Heilongjiang province, to a family of mine workers in China's industrial northeast. His branch of the family migrated from Yuncheng County, Shandong to Shuangyashan in the 1930s during his grandfather's generation. He received a bachelor's degree at Fuxin Mining College (now Liaoning University of Technology) in 1982, and went on to graduate school for general mechanics at Tianjin University. He earned his doctorate in mechanics at Harbin Institute of Technology (HIT). He joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in January 1988. He stayed at HIT to pursue post-doctoral work, and was named a professor in 1991. In April 1992 he became dean of the school of mechanics at the institute. In April 1996 he was named vice president of the institute.
Aerospace industry
In May 1996 Ma was appointed Vice-Dean of Chinese Academy of Space Technology (CAST), and became the leader and chief engineer of the Shijian 5 satellite project. In 1999 he was named deputy general manager of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC). In December 2003 he was additionally appointed Chairman of the Sino Satellite Communications Company and worked on various lunar missions. In September 2007, Ma was promoted to General Manager of CASC.
In 2013 Ma was appointed Director of the China National Space Administration, Director of the China Atomic Energy Authority, Director of the SASTIND, and Vice-Minister of Industry and Information Technology. He was the chief commander of the successful Chang'e 3 mission, China's first lunar surface exploration.
Political career
In 2012, Ma was elected as a full member of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party. In November 2013, Ma left his posts in the world of science and was transferred to Guangdong to serve as deputy party secretary of the province and concurrently the Secretary of the provincial Political and Legal Affairs Commission. In March 2015, he was named Communist Party Secretary of Shenzhen, replacing Wang Rong. Ma's appointment in Shenzhen placed him in his first executive party leadership role. His appointment also elevated the status of the office, given that his predecessor Wang is only an alternate member of the Central Committee, while Ma is a full member.
In December 2016, Ma was appointed as the acting Governor of Guangdong. In a break with tradition, Ma became the first governor in over 30 years to have not been native to the province. Ma was elected as the Governor of Guangdong on 23 January 2017.
In December 2021, Ma was appointed as the secretary of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Regional Committee of the Chinese Communist Party. Since his accession to the post, Xinjiang has seen relative normalization in some aspects, such as turnstiles between residential areas being removed and two-day breaks in weekends for public officials being restored.
References
1959 births
Living people
Governors of Guangdong
Chinese aerospace engineers
Chinese Lunar Exploration Program
People's Republic of China politicians from Heilongjiang
Political office-holders in Guangdong
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Heilongjiang
Tianjin University alumni
Harbin Institute of Technology alumni
Harbin Institute of Technology faculty
Politicians from Shuangyashan
Scientists from Heilongjiang
China National Space Administration people
Members of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Engineers from Heilongjiang
Members of the 19th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Delegates to the 12th National People's Congress
Members of the 11th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Prem Kishore Patakha (Hindi: प्रेम किशोर 'पटाखा'; born 27 October 1943) is a Hindi author of comedic poetry (hasya kavi). He was born into a Brahmin family at Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh. He appeared as a guest on the television programme of Bollywood actor Bharat Bhushan.
Published works
Writer
'101 Amar Kathayen'Kitabghar Prakashan
Comical literature
'Ranga Rang Hasya Kavi Sammelan'
'Shreshtha Hasya Vyangya Geet' with Ashok Anjum for Prabhat Prakashan
'Vyangya Kathaon Ka Sansar'
'Hasya Avam Vyangyang Gazalein' with Ashok Anjum for Pustak Mahal
Children's literature
'Shabash Daddy ',
Editing
'Hasya-Vinod Kavya Kosh' for Kitabghar Prakashan
Lokpal Bill
Patakha also member of Anna Hazare's India Against Corruption.
Awards
Hasy Ratn Shikhar Shri Shamman year 1986.
Shikhar Shri Samman year 1988.
Baal Sakha Shri year 1990.
Chitra Kala Sangam Nayi Delhi year 2009.
Personal life
He has one son and one grandson. Patakha's niece 'Kajal' died in a road accident in Kurawali, Mainpuri.
References
External links
Personal blog (Hindi)
Books by Prem Kishore Patakha at Pustak.org
Books by Prem Kishore Patakha at Jain book agency.com
Hindi-language poets
Living people
1943 births
People from Aligarh
Indian humorists
Hindi language
Gary Stuart Hyde (born 28 December 1969) is an English former footballer who made 47 appearances in the Football League playing as a winger for Darlington and Scunthorpe United. He was on the books of Leicester City, without playing for them in the League, and went on to play non-league football for Whitby Town. He was a member of the Darlington team that won the 1989–90 Football Conference title.
References
1969 births
Living people
footballers from Wolverhampton
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Darlington F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Whitby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Northern Football League players
The canton of Vigeois is a former administrative division situated in the Corrèze département and in the Limousin region of France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 6 communes, which joined the canton of Allassac in 2015. It had 3,908 inhabitants (2012).
The canton comprised the following communes:
Estivaux
Orgnac-sur-Vézère
Perpezac-le-Noir
Saint-Bonnet-l'Enfantier
Troche
Vigeois
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Corrèze department
References
Former cantons of Corrèze
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Józef Beck (; 4 October 1894 – 5 June 1944) was a Polish statesman who served the Second Republic of Poland as a diplomat and military officer. A close associate of Józef Piłsudski, Beck is most famous for being Polish foreign minister in the 1930s and for largely setting Polish foreign policy.
He tried to fulfill Piłsudski's dream of making Poland the leader of a regional coalition, but he was widely disliked and distrusted by other governments. He was involved in territorial disputes with Lithuania and Czechoslovakia. With his nation caught between two large hostile powers (Germany and the Soviet Union), Beck sometimes pursued accommodation with them and sometimes defied them. He attempted to take advantage of their mutual antagonism but then formed an alliance with the United Kingdom and France. Both declared war on Germany after its invasion of Poland in 1939. After the Soviet Union also invaded Poland, Beck and the rest of his government evacuated to Romania.
Early life
Beck was born into a Calvinist (Protestant) family whose forbears had emigrated from Flanders to Poland in the 16th century, during the rule of Polish King Stephen Báthory. When World War I started, Beck was a student at a college of engineering. After the outbreak of the war, Beck was a member of the clandestine Polish Military Organization (Polska Organizacja Wojskowa, or POW), founded in October 1914 by Piłsudski. Joining in 1914 Beck served until 1917 in the First Brigade of the Polish Legions and was an aide to Piłsudski. When the Brigade was interned, Beck escaped.
After Poland had its regained independence, Beck was assigned as a commander of an artillery battery and assigned to the General Staff. Beck served as military attaché to France between 1922 and 1923. The French disliked Beck to the point of spreading lies about him, such that he was a Soviet agent. He helped to carry out the May 1926 military coup d'état, which brought Piłsudski to de facto governmental power.
In 1926–1930, Beck served as chief of staff to Poland's Minister of Military Affairs, and in 1930–1932, he served as Vice Prime Minister and Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs. Groomed by Piłsudski to implement Poland's foreign policy, he in 1932 took office as Minister of Foreign Affairs, a post that he would hold until the outbreak of World War II.
Foreign minister
Beck had a weak hand. The gistorian David G. Williamson argues that Poland with 35 million people had a large population but a thin industrial base. Furthermore, its army of 283,000 men was ill-equipped, short of artillery and poorly trained and relied heavily on cavalry because it lacked enough mechanisation. Finally it faced long borders with two powerful dictatorships, Hitler's Germany and Stalin's Soviet Union. Historian Richard Overy wrote that of all the new states in Europe:
In his international diplomacy, Beck sought to maintain a fine balance in Poland's relations with its two powerful neighbours. In July 1932, he concluded the Soviet–Polish Non-Aggression Pact and, in January 1934, the German–Polish declaration of non-aggression.
Beck complained that while Poland and Czechoslovakia were legally bound by treaty to respect the rights of their respective German minorities, the Polish minorities in Germany and the Soviet Union were not so protected. In addition, Beck resented that countries, such as Germany, used the Minorities Treaty to exert pressure and become involved in the internal affairs of Poland. In September 1934, Beck renounced the Minorities Treaty after the Soviet Union had been admitted to the League of Nations.
After Piłsudski's death in May 1935, a power-sharing agreement was entered into by the various Piłsudskiite factions, led by General (later Marshal) Edward Rydz-Śmigły, President Ignacy Mościcki and Beck himself. The three individuals effectively dominated the Sanacja (Sanation) and collectively ruled Poland until the outbreak of the Second World War. Beck had a more-or-less free hand in formulating Poland's foreign policy. The stability of the ruling group was weakened because of personal conflicts, and none of the three men managed to assert his dominance in the late 1930s completely. The oligarchy from 1935 to 1939 is often described by historians as a "dictatorship without a dictator".
Strategic ideas
Beck was hostile to the League of Nations and did not think it could help Poland. France wanted some arrangement with Poland but distrusted Beck and so he looked in new directions. He explored the possibility of realising Piłsudski's concept of Międzymorze ("Between-seas"), a federation of central and eastern European countries stretching from the Baltic Sea to the Black Sea, indeed in later variants from the Arctic Ocean to the Mediterranean. Such a coalition between Germany in the west and the Soviet Union in the east might have been strong enough to deter both from military intervention. Beck realised that for the immediate future there was no realistic chance of building such a force and so he was prepared to settle in 1937–1938 for a diplomatic bloc referred to as a "Third Europe", led by Poland, which might become the nucleus of a Międzymorze federation. Beck's "Third Europe" diplomatic concept comprised a bloc made up of Poland, Italy, Yugoslavia, Hungary and Romania.
His efforts failed for several reasons:
Both Italy and Hungary preferred to align themselves with Germany, rather than Poland.
The dispute between Romania and Hungary over Transylvania doomed efforts to include them in a common bloc.
The desire of both Italy and Hungary to partition Yugoslavia blocked any effort to include Rome, Budapest and Belgrade in an alliance.
None of the other four states that was meant to form the "Third Europe" with Poland was interested in accepting Polish leadership.
From 1935 to 1939, Beck supported German claims against Czechoslovakia by citing purported mistreatment of Polish minorities in Czechoslovakia. In January 1938, he demanded publicly that the Poles living in Czechoslovakia be granted the rights enjoyed by the Germans. In 1937, Beck had also begun a diplomatic offensive in favour of Slovak independence. He supported Hitler's position in the Munich agreement in 1938. Within days, Poland invaded and seized Teschen, an industrial district of Czechoslovakia with 240,000 people, most of whom were ethnic Poles.
1939: German invasion
In 1937, Hitler continued to assure Beck that Germany had no claims on Danzig, but at the start of 1939, Hitler changed his earlier position and now laid claim to Danzig, adding that military force would not be used.
Beck played a decisive role in early 1939 by staunchly refusing Hitler's demands to subordinate Poland and to turn it into a German puppet state. Hitler demanded for Poland to give away strategic territories to Germany and to join the Anti-Comintern Pact, which was directed against the Soviet Union. Beck rejected Hitler's demands for annexation of Polish Pomorze (Pomerania), which would have cut off Polish access to the sea and its main trade route, effectively making the Polish economy dependent on Germany. He also rejected demands for an extraterritorial rail and highway corridor that was to run to East Prussia and the Free City of Danzig, in exchange for vague promises regarding trade and annexation of territories inhabited by Ukrainians and Belorussians in the Soviet Union after a future war. While Hitler had been planning to annex Polish territory for several years, he finally decided to go ahead with his plans for war by early September 1939.
Beck was surprised when Britain, looking for a pretext to confront Germany, announced at the end of March 1939 that it would defend Poland from German attack. France also offered its support, but both countries knew there was very little they could do if Germany invaded Poland.
In April 1939, Beck was in London to negotiate the terms of the British-Polish aid treaty. Beck famously voiced his refusal of German demands in a speech on 5 May 1939:
Similarly, Beck refused a request from the Soviets to allow Soviet forces to enter the country, which was made during talks in which the Polish side did not take part. A third proposal soon followed, once again elaborated by Britain, which promised support to the Polish government if the country's borders were endangered. This time around, Beck accepted it. According to Joseph E. Davies, the Polish government underestimated German military power.
As a result, Hitler's diplomatic efforts shifted to the Soviet Union and secured the German-Soviet alliance in August 1939. Known as the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, it secured Soviet support in a war, a heavy flow of Soviet food and oil and an agreement to partition Poland and the Baltic states. By now, many observers realised that war between Germany and Poland had become imminent.
World War II
Following the invasion of Poland by Germany on 1 September 1939, the start of World War II, Beck called on Poland's allies, France and Britain, to enter the war to support Poland. In spite of the agreement between them, France and Britain did little to help Poland directly though both declared war two days after the German invasion.
After the Soviet Union attacked Poland from the east on 17 September 1939, Beck withdrew to Romania, together with the rest of the Polish government. In Romania, he was interned by the authorities at a hotel in Brașov. It was there that he wrote a volume of memoirs, Ostatni raport (Final Report).
Melchior Wańkowicz, a popular Polish journalist, met Beck in the autumn of 1939 during his internment in Romania. This is how he described the meeting:
Beck died in Singureni, Romania, on 5 June 1944, after developing tuberculosis. Beck was survived by his son Andrzej Beck, who was active in the Polish community in the United States until his death in 2011.
In May 1991, Beck's remains were repatriated to Poland and interred at Warsaw's Powązki Military Cemetery.
Honors
French Legion of Honour in the grade of Chevalier (1923) and in the grade of Officier (1927)
Order of Saint Sava I degree
Notes
Sources
Cienciala, Anna. "The Munich Crisis of 1938: Plans and Strategy in Warsaw in the Context of Western Appeasement of Germany" in The Munich crisis, 1938: Prelude to World War II, edited by Igor Lukes and Erik Goldstein, London, Frank Cass, Inc., 1999. pp. 48–81
Cienciala, Anna M. Poland the Western Powers, 1938-1939. A Study in the Interdependence of Eastern and Western Europe (U. Toronto Press, 1968) online
Greenwood, Sean. "The Phantom Crisis: Danzig, 1939," in The Origins of the Second World War Reconsidered: A.J.P. Taylor and the Historians, edited by Gordon Martel, London, Routledge, 1999. pp. 247–72
Gromada, Thaddeus V. "Joseph Beck in the Light of Recent Polish Historiography," Polish Review (1981) 26#3 pp 65–73
External links
1894 births
1944 deaths
Politicians from Warsaw
People from Warsaw Governorate
Polish Calvinist and Reformed Christians
Polish people of German descent
Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government politicians
Camp of National Unity politicians
Deputy Prime Ministers of Poland
Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Second Polish Republic
Senators of the Second Polish Republic (1935–1938)
Senators of the Second Polish Republic (1938–1939)
Polish Army officers
Polish legionnaires (World War I)
People of the Polish May Coup (pro-Piłsudski side)
Lviv Polytechnic alumni
Recipients of the Cross of Independence with Swords
Recipients of the Order of the National Coat of Arms, 1st Class
Recipients of the Order of St. Sava
Burials at Powązki Military Cemetery
Polish military attachés
Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Tuberculosis deaths in Romania
Blues in the Night is a 1941 American musical in the film noir style directed by Anatole Litvak and starring Priscilla Lane, Richard Whorf, Betty Field, Lloyd Nolan, Elia Kazan, and Jack Carson. It was released by Warner Brothers. The project began filming with the working title Hot Nocturne, the play upon which it is based, but was eventually named after its principal musical number "Blues in the Night", which became a popular hit. The film was nominated for a Best Song Oscar for "Blues in the Night" (Music by Harold Arlen; lyrics by Johnny Mercer).
Plot
While playing in a bar in St. Louis, jazz pianist Jigger Pine meets aspiring clarinetist Nickie Haroyen, who tries to convince him to put together a jazz band. After a drunk patron starts a fight, Nickie and Jigger, along with Jigger's drummer and bassist, are thrown in jail. They overhear a prisoner singing a blues song and are inspired to set out for New Orleans, where they hope to learn how to perfect an authentic bluesy sound. There they meet fast-talking trumpeter Leo and his wife, Character, who is a talented singer. Together, the quintet rides the rails, honing their technique in dive bars across the country.
One day, while sheltering in a boxcar they meet a mysterious stranger named Del, who robs them. But when they don't turn him in to the authorities, Del is so impressed by their camaraderie, he offers them a job in a New Jersey roadhouse called The Jungle. The group discovers that the roadhouse is actually owned by Del's former partners in crime - aspiring singer Kay, accomplice Sam, and her disabled sidekick Brad. Del has escaped from jail to retrieve his share of a robbery the three committed; when Kay tells him they have spent all the money, he decides to take over The Jungle and transform it into an illegal gambling club. Kay tries to rekindle her past romance with Del, but he rejects her. She turns her attention to Leo in hopes of making Del jealous.
Although the band is happy playing their brand of jazz each night at the club, Character is worried about Leo and Kay. When Jigger reveals to him that Character is pregnant, Leo decides to give up Kay. She subsequently sets her sights on Jigger, who is secretly in love with her and insists the band take her on as singer while Character is taking time off. Jigger reacts to Brad's warning that the musician should get her out of his system by saying, "I just don't think I can". Sam tries to get Kay to alert the police to Del's whereabouts. She tells Del about this, hoping that the fact that she refused to do it will win her Del's affection; instead, he orders Sam to be killed and Kay to leave The Jungle. She convinces Jigger to quit the band, go with her to New York City, and join a more commercial, mainstream jazz band.
Although successful, Jigger is unhappy in his new life, feeling he is not playing authentic jazz. Kay lives on her own terms in New York, she goes out with different men and is not interested in Jigger's career with the band. One night, he tells her he has quit and wants to go back to his friends. He wants her to go with him but she tells him the only thing she would ever want from The Jungle is Del, that she has never been in love with Jigger.
After Kay leaves him, Jigger descends into alcoholism. His friends find him and try to coax him into playing with them again. He tells them he is busy composing and has many big plans but, as he tries to demonstrate some of his music, he collapses with a mental breakdown. Everybody sticks by him, helping to nurse him back to health, though they are hiding the fact that Character's baby has died. They all return to The Jungle where Jigger plays again and rediscovers happiness.
One night, during a rainstorm, both Jigger and Del notice Kay's return. Jigger speaks with her first. When Del comes in, Kay confronts him and demands he allow her to stay; he refuses so she threatens to turn him in herself. Del pulls a gun and Jigger comes to her defense. During the ensuing fight, Del drops the gun; Kay picks it up, shoots and kills him. Jigger decides to protect Kay and help her escape from the police; he tells her to go wait for him in Del's car. The band shows up; as they angrily assail Jigger with reasons to not leave with Kay, they reveal that Character lost the baby. They compare Jigger, his emotional and mental problems, with Brad being disabled. They try to emphasize that, while Brad has no choice about his pathetic circumstances, Jigger certainly does. Brad overhears all this and joins Kay in the car, claiming that Jigger has asked him to drive her away. He takes off into the violent storm, talking about the two of them being together, and deliberately wrecks the car, killing them both.
Jigger and the band return to their life on the road, happy to be again playing their preferred version of jazz.
Cast
Richard Whorf as Jigger Pine, a talented jazz pianist
Priscilla Lane as Ginger "Character" Powell, the band's singer
Lloyd Nolan as Del Davis, a gangster and racketeer
Betty Field as Kay Grant, Del's scheming former girlfriend
Jack Carson as Leo Powell, Character's loud-mouthed, conceited husband who plays trumpet for the band
Elia Kazan as Nickie Haroyen, the band's clarinetist who gave up law school for music
Wallace Ford as Brad Ames, a disabled former guitar player who is hopelessly in love with Kay
Howard Da Silva as Sam Paryas, an opportunistic member of Del's gang
Peter Whitney as Pete Bossett, the band's bassist
Billy Halop as Peppi, the band's young drummer
George Lloyd as Joe, the St. Louis cafe owner
Charles C. Wilson as Barney
William Gillespie as baritone singer in jail cell
Matt McHugh as the Drunk
Ernest Whitman as Black Prisoner #1
Napoleon Simpson as Black Prisoner #2
Dudley Dickerson as Black Prisoner #3
Anthony Warde as Del's Henchman #1
Sol Gorss as Del's Henchman #2
Mabel Todd as performer
Production
The film began when Elia Kazan optioned an unproduced play by Edwin Gilbert called Hot Nocturne and began retooling it for Broadway. He eventually sold the rights to Warner Bros. who gave the script to Robert Rossen to complete. After initially retitling it New Orleans Blues, the studio named it after its principal musical number "Blues in the Night", which later became a popular hit. Kazan agreed to give up his screenwriting credit and appeared as a clarinetist in the film. He later remarked that after acting in the film he became convinced he could "direct better than Anatole Litzvak". James Cagney and Dennis Morgan were the studio's first two choices to play the gangster Del Davis, but the role was eventually given to Lloyd Nolan. John Garfield was cast in the role of pianist Jigger Pine who was eventually played by Richard Whorf.
Music
The film's music is by Harold Arlen with lyrics by Johnny Mercer. Additional music was written by Heinz Roemheld and Ray Heindorf (only Roemheld was credited). The film features the bands of Jimmie Lunceford and Will Osborne. With the exception of Priscilla Lane none of the actors were musicians so their playing had to be dubbed by other artists. The trumpet music performed by Jack Carson's character was dubbed by Snooky Young and Frankie Zinzer while the piano music was dubbed by Stan Wrightsman. Saxophonist and clarinetist Archie Rosate played Elia Kazan's clarinet solos.
"Blues in the Night" (William Gillespie)
"This Time the Dream's On Me" (Priscilla Lane)
"Hang on to Your Lids, Kids" (Priscilla Lane)
"Says Who, Says You, Says I" (Mabel Todd)
"Wait Till It Happens to You" (Betty Field) (dubbed by Trudy Erwin)
Reception
Blues in the Night was met with a mixed critical reception upon its release. Hollywood columnist Fred Othman named it "the worst musical of the year". Donald Kirkley of The Baltimore Sun called it "a bizarre...screen oddity" while Los Angeles Times film critic Philip K. Scheuer praised Richard Whorf's performance. It was not financially successful as its East Coast release took place shortly before the attack on Pearl Harbor.
The film has since achieved a small cult following, including The Simpsons creator Matt Groening.
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
2004: AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs:
"Blues in the Night" – Nominated
References
External links
1941 films
1941 musical films
American crime films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Film noir
Films about music and musicians
American films based on plays
Films directed by Anatole Litvak
Warner Bros. films
Films scored by Heinz Roemheld
Films with screenplays by Robert Rossen
1941 crime films
American musical films
1940s American films
Medical cybernetics is a branch of cybernetics which has been heavily affected by the development of the computer, which applies the concepts of cybernetics to medical research and practice. At the intersection of systems biology, systems medicine and clinical applications it covers an emerging working program for the application of systems- and communication theory, connectionism and decision theory on biomedical research and health related questions.
Overview
Medical cybernetics searches for quantitative descriptions of biological dynamics. It investigates intercausal networks in human biology, medical decision making and information processing structures in the living organism.
Approaches of medical cybernetics include:
Systems theory in medical sciences: The scope of systems theory in the medical sciences is searching for and modelling of physiological dynamics in the intact and diseased organism to gain deeper insights into the organizational principles of life and its perturbations. With focus on medical application this field is also referred to as systems medicine.
Medical information and communication theory: Motivated by the awareness of information being an essential principle of life, the application of communication theory to biomedicine aims at an mathematical description of signalling processes and information storage in different physiological layers. This attempt also includes theories on the information theory of the genetic code.
Connectionism: Connectionistic models describe information processing in neural networks – thus forming a bridge between biological and technological research.
Medical decision theory (MDT): The Goal of MDT is to gather evidence based foundations for decision making in the clinical setting.
See also
Related fields
Biocybernetics
Complex systems
Cybernetics
Systems theory
Prosthetics
Systems biology
Systems medicine
Related scientists
Uri Alon
William Ross Ashby
Claude Bernard
Valentin Braitenberg
Walter Cannon
Stephen Grossberg
Humberto Maturana
Warren McCulloch
Related scientists
Walter Pitts
Arturo Rosenblueth
Robert Trappl
Felix Tretter
Francisco Varela
Frederic Vester
Kevin Warwick
Paul Watzlawick
List of biomedical cybernetics software
List of medical cybernetics schools, Colleges and Universities
Medical Cybernetics College Bradford, UK with Support office in Lenasia, Johannesburg, RSA. Principal Mohammed Dockrat, Medical Cyberneticist
References
Further reading
V.V. Parin (1959), "Introduction to medical Cybernetics" in NASA Technical Translation no.F-459-F-462, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 1959.
C.A. Muses (1965). "Aspects of some crucial problems in biological and medical cybernetics". In: Progress in biocybernetics, 1965.
External links
Institute for Medical Cybernetics and Artificial Intelligence, Medical University Vienna, Austria
Medical Cybernetics in the Open Encyclopedia Project
Portal Server Medizinische Kybernetik | Medical Cybernetics
UCLA Biocybernetics Laboratory, Los Angeles, Ca, USA
Biomedical cybernetics
Catrihuala (Katrüwala) was an apo ülmen of the Mapuche-Huilliche people in western Futahuillimapu. He was the father of Railef (Srayülef) who inherited the position of apo ülmen. During Catrihuala's time as apo ülmen he had to deal with the devastating incursion of Tomás de Figueroa. In the aftermath of this attack Catrihuala participated in the Spanish-Mapuche parliament of las Parliament of Las Canoas.
References
Huilliche people
18th-century Mapuche people
Agios Nikolaos is a traditional quiet village in the south-east of Corfu near to the villages of Petriti and Notos. The village was at one time called Kolokythaki (Κολοκυθάκι, meaning "courgette"). The main industry is agriculture as the land around is flat and the soil is rich despite the main part of the village being situated on a hill. There is a little tourism, mainly people who want to keep clear of large resorts. There are very few old houses in the village; most were built in relatively recently, giving the place a more affluent feel than most Corfiot Villages. The villagers came down from the old village of Korakades following a landslide which washed most of the village away.
References
Populated places in Corfu (regional unit)
Soul Donkey is the second album by the Sugarman 3, released in 2000. It was re-released in 2006 by Daptone Records. It differs somewhat from the band's previous album by focusing more on funk/jazz instrumentals.
Critical reception
The Plain Dealer deemed the album "laid-back yet percolating."
Track listing
Soul Donkey - 3:48
Chicken Half - 3:32
Baby I Love You - 4:53
Turtle Walk - 4:01
Daisy Rides Again - 3:16
Double Back - 4:53
Pull My Cart - 3:41
Mulin' Around - 3:20
Saddle for Two - 3:12
Out a Sight - 2:21
So Long Donkey - 2:06
References
2000 albums
The Ruger Bearcat is a single-action, .22 caliber revolvers manufactured by Sturm, Ruger & Co., introduced in 1958. It is based on the classic Remington single-action revolvers of the mid-19th century. Because of its compact size and frame, it is advertised as being ideal for hikers or campers in need of a .22 LR revolver, or "kit gun".
Design
In 1974 Ruger patented a transfer bar safety system for their single-action revolvers and discontinued the production of the Bearcat, which was not readily adaptable to the new transfer bar design. In 1993, Ruger brought back the Bearcat as the New Bearcat, now incorporating the transfer bar system.
Some time in the early 1980s, Bill Ruger gave an interview to a writer with the Ruger
Collector's Association (RCA) and talked about the Bearcat. He said that the Bearcat was the first revolver for which the Ruger engineers
developed the transfer bar and that they could easily have made it that way in 1974. They dropped it, Bill said, because of a mistake
by the marketing department. When that department sent out the 1974 catalog and order forms to the distributors, they forgot to include
the Bearcat. When the orders came back without orders for the Bearcat, they assumed that there was no demand and they dropped it. Today,
only old members of the Ruger Collector's Association are aware of the true story of what really happened to the original Bearcat, since that story was published in the Ruger Collectors Journal and is a part of their history.
Variants
Bearcat 1 issue
The original Bearcat featured a fixed Patridge front sight and a square notched rear. It was made with an alloy solid frame and an uncheckered plastic grips that were later replaced with walnut grip. It also features music wire coil springs and a non-fluted engraved cylinder.
Bearcat 2 issue
The Bearcat 2 issue was marketed in 1971 as an improved version of the original Bearcat, and renamed the Super Bearcat; it featured an all-steel frame rather than an alloy frame.
Bearcat 3 issue
The Bearcat 3 issue, also known as the New Bearcat, is Ruger's reintroduced model which came out in 1993. It features smooth rosewood grips with a Ruger medallion embedded. The New Bearcat also incorporated Ruger's new transfer bar safety system. It was offered with an additional .22 WMR cylinder, which was recalled by Ruger in April 1994 due to a concern the cylinders were improperly timed.
In 2002, Ruger began offering the Bearcat in stainless steel.
In 2008, a 50th Anniversary edition was released with gold-filled script and special engravings, with 2,539 units produced.
In 2015, Ruger introduced a variant of the Bearcat with adjustable sights, addressing a longstanding criticism of the limitations of the fixed sights.
References
External links
Ruger revolvers
Single-action revolvers
.22 LR revolvers
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1958
Green Sulphur Springs (also Green Sulphur) is an unincorporated community in Summers County, West Virginia, United States. It lies near Interstate 64 to the northeast of the city of Hinton, the county seat of Summers County. Its elevation is 1,552 feet (473 m). Green Sulphur Springs had a post office, with the ZIP code of 25966, until it closed on February 29, 1992.
History
Green Sulphur Springs takes its name from an underground spring containing sulfur. It was discovered in the 19th century by accident when prospectors were drilling for salt water.
References
Unincorporated communities in Summers County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Jan Naudé de Villiers (born 6 March 1980) is a South African politician who has served in the National Assembly of South Africa. A member of the Democratic Alliance, he is currently serving as the Shadow Minister of Small Business Development. He previously held the post of Shadow Minister on the Auditor-General.
Education
De Villiers holds a Bachelor of Arts in humanity studies from the University of Stellenbosch.
Political career
Prior to his election to parliament, De Villiers was a DA councillor and a member of the mayoral committee in the Stellenbosch Local Municipality.
De Villiers stood as a DA parliamentary candidate from the Western Cape in the 2019 national elections, and was subsequently elected to the National Assembly and sworn in on 22 May 2019. On 5 June 2019, he was appointed by the DA parliamentary leader, Mmusi Maimane, as Shadow Minister of the Auditor-General, succeeding Alan McLoughlin, who retired from politics. Later that month, he became a member of the Standing Committee on Auditor-General.
Maimane resigned as DA leader in October 2019 and John Steenhuisen was voted in as his interim successor in November 2019. He temporarily retained Maimane's shadow cabinet. After Steenhuisen was elected leader for a full term at the 2020 Democratic Alliance Federal Congress, he announced his Shadow Cabinet on 5 December 2020, in which De Villiers was appointed as Shadow Minister of Small Business Development, succeeding Zakhele Mbhele. On 7 December, he became a member of the Portfolio Committee on Small Business Development.
In the 2020 Register of Members' Interests, de Villiers declared that he was a director of two property investment companies. He also disclosed that he was a co-owner of the Eikestad Mall in Stellenbosch and has the benefit of free parking at the shopping centre.
References
External links
Living people
1980 births
Afrikaner people
People from the Western Cape
Stellenbosch University alumni
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Democratic Alliance (South Africa) politicians
Macierzysz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References
Macierzysz
The Real-time Control System (RCS) is a software system developed by NIST based on the Real-time Control System Reference Model Architecture, that implements a generic Hierarchical control system. The RCS Software Library is an archive of free C++, Java and Ada code, scripts, tools, makefiles, and documentation developed to aid programmers of software to be used in real-time control systems (especially those using the Reference Model Architecture for Intelligent Systems Design).
Introduction
RCS has been used in automated manufacturing, robotics, and automated vehicle research at NIST. The software consists of a C++ library and GUI and configuration tools written in a variety of software languages. The Software Library is offering the following RCS tools:
RCS Java-based Diagnostics Tool : A tool written as a java applet that allows programmers to see the status and send commands to any RCS module.
RCS Java-based Diagnostics Tool Instructions : Instructions on how to build applications for use with the diagnostics tool.
RCS-Design Tool : A tool written as a java applet that allows programmers to create RCS applications graphically and generates source code.
RCS-Design Tool Instructions : Instructions on how to build applications with the RCS-Design tool.
RCS Data Plotter : A Java applet which plots data on a cartesian or polar graph, read either in real-time or from a text file.
Socket Interface to NML : Describes how to connect to an NML server using sockets directly. This information should also be useful for other languages where the C++ NML client interface is not available.
RCS Posemath Library : A library of classes for representing positions, rotations, and translations in a variety of coordinate systems and the functions to add/subtract/multiply/divide/convert them. For more info on posemath you may also want to check out: Karl Murphy's Posemath Examples
RCS Library Lower Level Utilities : Describes many of the lower level utilities used to create the NODE, CMS, and NML components of the RCS Library but which may be useful on their own. Includes timers, semaphores, linked-lists, printing, and windows functions.
RCS Library Installation Instructions : Provides instructions for getting and making the RCS Library.
RCS Library Version Functions : Documentation for some functions for determining at run-time which version of the RCS library your using.
RCS applications
Robocrane - RCS controlled a crane having six degrees of freedom. It incorporated tactile, proximity and vision sensors.
Next Generation Inspection System - RCS controlled a Coordinate Measuring Machine, with sensors including analog touch probes, video camera, and laser rangefinder.
Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles - RCS controlled a group of autonomous vehicles, at a high level coordinating their movements, and a low level controlling their steering, throttle and brakes. Sensors included an Inertial navigation system and differential GPS.
Enhanced Machine Controller, or EMC - an NIST research project in CNC software that uses RCS.
See also
Hierarchical control system
4D-RCS Reference Model Architecture
References
Further reading
Albus, J. S. 4-D/RCS reference model architecture for unmanned ground vehicles. In G Gerhart, R Gunderson, and C Shoemaker, editors, Proceedings of the SPIE AeroSense Session on Unmanned Ground Vehicle Technology, volume 3693, pages 11–20, Orlando,
Albus, J. S. The NIST Real-Time Control System, An Applications Survey
Gazi, V., Moore, M. L., Passino, K. M., Shackleford, W. P., Proctor, F. M., Albus, J. S., The RCS Handbook, Tools for Real-Time Control Systems Software Development, John Wiley and Sons, New York, 2001.
External links
RCS Overview
NIST Real-Time Control Systems (RCS) Library: Tools for Control System Development
RCS software library
Control engineering
Control System Software
The Old Log Theatre is the oldest professional theater in the state of Minnesota. It is sometimes cited as the oldest continuously operating professional theater in the United States. It is located in Excelsior and is funded entirely by ticket sales and income from its restaurant.
History
The Old Log Theatre first opened in 1940 in Greenwood, in a dirt-floored log building now used as a scenery shop. Throughout its existence the theater has focused mostly on screwball comedy, contemporary plays and British farces, though in its early years it operated as a summer stock company. The original building seated 270 people and during its summer season the theater presented a show a week.
Venue
During the 1950s the theater's popularity grew and late in that decade it found a need for larger quarters. Herb Bloomberg, a builder in Chanhassen, was hired to design and build the new theater on adjacent to the original theater in 1965. The new building could seat 655 and was designed to look like a barn with a large lobby featuring a fireplace and a high ceiling. Herb Bloomberg went on to build and operate the Chanhassen Dinner Theatres.
Ownership
For 73 years the theater was owned by Don Stolz, who joined a year after its inception, when he was 23 and a graduate student in theater at Northwestern University. Hired to direct, he also performed in The Taming of the Shrew starting on his second day. The first show he directed that year was Sidney Howard's Ned McCobb's Daughter; he bought the theater in 1946 and continued to produce/direct the majority of shows and oversaw 600 productions. Stolz was instrumental in the growth of television in the Twin Cities and became a radio veteran in the area. In 2006, several of Stolz's sons took over theater operations, though Stolz remained active in the productions, including a short speech before and after each night's performance. He died on February 14, 2015, at age 97.
Greg and Marissa Frankenfield purchased the theater and restaurant in May 2013. Greg Frankenfield is cofounder and CEO of Magenic Technologies, a Minnesota information technology firm. The Frankenfields are theater enthusiasts and producers who have been on the boards of several local theatre organizations and invested in West End and Broadway productions.
The current theater has been reconfigured to seat 560; a remodeling in summer 2014 included a deeper stage and new sound and lighting systems. They renovated the restaurant, which seats 250, and reopened it as Cast & Cru in fall 2014.
Audience
An estimated 6 million people have attended productions at the Old Log Theatre.
Alumni
Theater alumni include actor Charles Nolte, who spent three years with the theater, Loni Anderson, actor Nick Nolte, and long-time Twin Cities news anchor and actor Dave Moore.
References
External links
Old Log Theatre
Don Stolz is interviewed by Lael Grathwol, Northern Lights Minnesota Interview TV Series #188 (1991): [https://reflections.mndigital.org/catalog/p16022coll38:400#/kaltura_video]
Buildings and structures in Hennepin County, Minnesota
Theatres in Minnesota
Tourist attractions in Hennepin County, Minnesota
1940 establishments in Minnesota
Christmas Child is a 2004 American Christian film directed by William Ewing starring Steven Curtis Chapman. The film is based on "The Christmas Cross", a short story by Max Lucado repackaged in 2003 as The Christmas Child: A Story of Coming Home, and is a story about a Chicago journalist who finds himself in Clearwater, Texas around Christmas time to discover his past.
Plot
Nine months after the death of his adoptive father, Jack Davenport, a Chicago journalist, obtains some of his possessions which lead Jack to discover his past. Jack receives an assignment to do a story in Dallas, Texas. Jack leaves days before Christmas Eve and decides to stay in Clearwater, Texas, his birthplace. One of the possessions left by his adoptive father was a mysterious photograph of Clearwater's oldest churches, taken in 1963. The church has a life-sized, wood carven nativity scene, that was carved by Joe Ottolman during the 1950s. He meets several townspeople along his search, such as Michael Curtis (the reverend of the church who has adopted a little girl from China, much like Steven Curtis Chapman did in real life); Naomi Williams, a Clearwater newspaper writer; Vanessa, a County Courthouse employee; Jimmy James, Clearwater's sheriff; the judge; and a maintenance worker at the church. Jack is told by the judge that releasing the identity of an adoptee's parents can cause suffering, as he points out that one adopted girl died three years earlier. Jack goes on to research the story of Joe Ottolman, who was in a car accident in 1945 that killed his wife, but his daughter survived. Joe worked for ten years on the Nativity carving. In 1963, Joe made the same mistake and was in a car accident again. His daughter Carmen Ana Ottolman, gave birth to a boy on December 24, 1963, but Carmen died two days later. Joe set his grandson up for adoption, then he disappeared from the presses and no one knew whether or not he was alive. Naomi, who helped Jack gather information from previous newspapers, tried to get Jack's birth records with the help of her friend, Vanessa, who works there, but they are gone. When Jack finds this out, he discovers that the judge was trying to hide them from him. The judge then reveals that Carmen Ottolman was his mother. On his 40th birthday, Jack is still in shock of hearing this. He sleeps on the bench near the church, in front of the nativity scene. When the maintenance worker discovers him there, he brings him inside the church for some coffee. The maintenance worker then reveals himself to be Joe Ottolman, Jack's grandfather. That night, Jack's wife Megan arrives in Texas, and Jack tells her everything that happened. Megan reveals that they are going to be parents. On Christmas Night, the townspeople of Clearwater gather around the nativity scene while the reverend talks about it. After this, Jack tells his grandfather that he is going to be a great-grandfather.
Cast
William R. Moses as Jack Davenport
Steven Curtis Chapman as Reverend Michael Curtis
Tonya Bordeaux as Alicia
Juli Erickson as Mrs. Schneider
Megan Follows as Megan Davenport
Grant James as Joe Ottolman
Rebecca McCauley as Vanessa
Vicki Taylor Ross as Naomi Williams
Muse Watson as Sheriff Jimmy James
Mary Donnelly-Haskell as Cindy
Dennis Letts as the town's judge
Deniece Williams as the singer
Kitty Wells, known as "The Queen of Country Music, sings a few of the songs throughout the movie.
Tom Lester, of Green Acres fame, as the voice of the KCOW radio DJ
References
External links
Movie info - From Yahoo! Movies
American Christmas films
2004 films
Films based on short fiction
Films about Evangelicalism
2000s English-language films
Henshall is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alex Henshall (born 1994), English footballer
Audrey Henshall (born 1927), British archaeologist
Daniel Henshall (born 1982), Australian actor
Douglas Henshall (born 1965), Scottish actor
Hugh Henshall (1734-1816), English civil engineer
Horace Henshall (1889-1951), English footballer
James Henshall (1907-1969), English footballer
James Alexander Henshall (1836-1925), American author
John Henry Henshall (1856-1928), English artist
May Dexter Henshall (1867–1962), American educator, clubwoman, and librarian
Nicholas Henshall (born 1962), Anglican dean
Michael Henshall, English Church of England bishop
Paul Henshall (born 1977), British actor
Richard Henshall (born 1984), English musician
Ruthie Henshall (born 1967), British singer, dancer and actress
Samuel Henshall (1764/5–1807), English clergyman, writer and inventor of type of corkscrew
Scott Henshall (born 1975), British fashion designer
The Kosovo Judicial Council () (KJC) is the national council of the judiciary of Kosovo. It is the oversight body that aims to ensure the independence and impartiality of the judicial system, and the administration of justice in Kosovo.
The Kosovo Judicial Council is the highest oversight body of the Kosovo Judicial System and an independent institution, and its main responsibility is the administration of the entire Judicial System. The overall purpose of Kosovo Judicial Council, as mandated by the applicable legal framework is to ensure an independent, fair, apolitical, accessible, professional and impartial judicial system, which reflects the multi-ethnic nature of Kosovo as well as the internationally recognized principles of human rights and gender equality.
To fulfill this goal Kosovo Judicial Council is responsible for selecting and proposing judges for appointment, as well as for elaborating policies for the overall management and reform of the judicial system. Kosovo Judicial Council is the institution, which evaluates disciplines and promotes the sitting judges and lay judges. Furthermore, the Kosovo Judicial Council is responsible for the overall management and administration of all courts, for the elaboration and the implementation of the budget of the judiciary and for the establishment of new courts and court branches.
Responsibilities
According to the Constitution of Kosovo, the Kosovo Judicial Council:
See also
Judiciary of Kosovo
Constitution of Kosovo
Constitutional Court of Kosovo
Notes
References
Law of Kosovo
Judiciary of Kosovo
National councils of the judiciary
James Isaac Whelpton (1887–1944) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Huddersfield Town, Grimsby Town and Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic. He was on the books of Lincoln City and Birmingham, without playing league football for either, and also played non-league football for Castleford Town and Guildford United.
References
Sources
1887 births
1944 deaths
English footballers
Footballers from Sheffield
Association football goalkeepers
Lincoln City F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Castleford Town F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Guildford City F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
English Football League players
Yukarıkaraman is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Villeneuve-le-Roi station (French: Gare de Villeneuve-le-Roi) is a railway station in Villeneuve-le-Roi, Val-de-Marne, Île-de-France, France. The station was opened on 29 May 1914 and is on the Paris–Bordeaux railway. The station is served by the RER Line C, which is operated by SNCF. The station serves the commune of Villeneuve-le-Roi.
Station info
Built at an altitude at 39 meters above sea level, the station is on the 12.405 kilometer point of the Paris–Bordeaux railway, between the stations of Choisy-le-Roi and Ablon. The station served 1,490,400 passengers in 2014.
Train services
The following services serve the station:
Local services (RER C) Juvisy – Villeneuve-le-Roi – Bibliothèque François Mitterrand – Invalides – Champs-de-Mars Tour Eiffel – Viroflay-Rive-Gauche – Versailles Château Rive Gauche
Local services (RER C) Versailles-Chantiers – Massy-Palaiseau – Juvisy – Villeneuve-le-Roi – Invalides – Champs-de-Mars Tour Eiffel – Viroflay-Rive-Gauche – Versailles Château Rive Gauche
References
External links
Railway stations in Essonne
Réseau Express Régional stations
Railway stations in France opened in 1995
Richard Ferdinand Kaden (10 February 1856 – 9 July 1923) was a German violinist, violist, music educator, musicologist and composer.
Life
Born in Dresden, Kaden came from a Freiberg miner family. In 1856 he was born as one of two sons – Richard's brother became a major – of the ministerial treasurer Moritz Ferdinand Kaden (d. 1921) and his wife Emilie Geyer in the royal Saxon capital and residence city of Dresden. His father, who had initially been a miner himself, then served as a tambour in the Royal Saxon Army. As a soldier he experienced the German revolutions of 1848–1849. On leaving the army, he followed a superior into the management of a private railway company. After nationalisation, he made it to the ministry in Dresden as a sub-civil servant.
Kaden attended the 1st citizen school in his hometown. While still a pupil, he began training at the Königliches Konservatorium Dresden (until 1877). His teachers included among others concertmaster Ferdinand Hüllweck and later in violin as well as Carl Heinrich Döring in piano, Julius Rietz in theory and composition, Wilhelm Rischbieter in counterpoint and Julius Rühlmann in history of music. At the age of fourteen, he became a violinist in the Buffold Town Band. By the age of fifteen, he was chief second fiddle. After the disbandment of the Stadtkapelle, he was violist of the Sächsische Staatskapelle Dresden from 1872 to 1896. In 1888, he was appointed to the Bayreuth Festival orchestra.
While working as a musician, he became a student at the Königlich Sächsisches Polytechnikum Dresden. There he studied philosophy and education with Fritz Schultze (1846–1908), as well as psychology. He received further inspiration from Paul Theodor Hohlfeld (1840–1910), editor of philosopher Karl Christian Friedrich Krause's writings, and later scientific director of the Pädagogische Musikschule.
From 1872 to 1883, he was engaged as violin and ensemble teacher at the Dresden Conservatory. In 1883 he became artistic director of the private progressive education "Pädagogische Musikschule zu Dresden", which was founded by his pupil and later Vera von Mertschinski and existed until 1931. Among others, Henri Marteau and Karl Panzner were his pupils there. He is also considered the of the music educator Fritz Reuter. Furthermore, he was chairman of the Dresden and 2nd chairman of the Saxon Music School Directors Association. There, among others, together with Hugo Riemann, Julius Klengel and Hermann Vetter, he introduced a (from 1913) for music school teachers.
He wrote essays (, the Neue Zeitschrift für Musik, the among others) on music education and aesthetic topics. With his manuscript School of Music Education (1892) he wanted to create "a scientifically underpinned system of music education" (Siegfried Freitag). Kaden lectured on music, philosophy and pedagogy, for example in the context of the Literarischer Verein zu Dresden, of which he was a member. He was a member of the Dresden Masonic lodge "Zum goldenen Apfel".
Kaden also excelled as a composer, creating several violin works and a symphony, among others. He also edited the Pierre Baillot Violin School.
Family
In his first marriage (from 1879) he was married to the preacher's daughter Franziska Boeck from Danzig. His second wife from 1909 was Vera von Mertschinski, daughter of the Russian Empire Titular Councillor and educator to Count Shuvalov in St Petersburg. Kaden was the father of one child: Elsa (b. 1882). He died in 1923 of pneumonia in Dresden at the age of 67.
Awards
He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross II Class of the Albert Order.
Publications
Parsifal im Lichte des Zeitgeistes. 2nd edition, Kaufmann, Dresden 1914.
References
Further reading
Hermann Abert (ed.): Illustriertes Musik-Lexikon. J. Engelhorns Nachf., Stuttgart 1927.
Herrmann A. L. Degener (ed.): Unsere Zeitgenossen. 8th edition, Degener, Leipzig 1922.
Paul Frank, Wilhelm Altmann: Kurzgefaßtes Tonkünstlerlexikon. Für Musiker und Freunde der Tonkunst. 12th very enlarged edition, Carl Merseburger, Leipzig 1926.
Siegfried Freitag: Richard Kaden (1856–1923) und seine Reformbestrebungen im Bereich der privaten Musikschulen. In Rudolf-Dieter Kraemer (ed.): Musikpädagogische Biographieforschung. Fachgeschichte – Zeitgeschichte – Lebensgeschichte (Musikpädagogische Forschung. Vol. 18). Verlag Die Blaue Eule, Essen 1997, , .
Friedrich Jansa (ed.): Deutsche Tonkünstler und Musiker in Wort und Bild. 2nd edition, Verlag von Friedrich Jansa, Leipzig 1911.
Fritz Reuter: Richard Kaden (1856–1923). In Zeitschrift für Musik 90 (1923) 17, 4.
External links
Kaden, Richard on BLMO.
German music educators
German writers about music
German classical violists
German classical violinists
German composers
German Freemasons
1856 births
1923 deaths
Musicians from Dresden
USS Kidder (DD-319) was a in service with the United States Navy from 1921 to 1930. She was scrapped in 1931.
Namesake
Hugh P. Kidder was born in 1897 in Waukon, Iowa. He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps and served in France during World War I. He was awarded the Croix de Guerre with palm and star during World War I for courage and endurance while carrying orders to advanced positions under violent machine gun fire during a period of 9 days. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for extraordinary heroism near Blanch Mont on 2 October 1918 when he led a small patrol into enemy trenches and captured two strong machine guns positions. First Lieutenant Kidder was killed in action on 3 October attempting to better his position in the face of heavy machine gun and artillery fire.
Description
The Clemson class was a repeat of the preceding although more fuel capacity was added. The ships displaced at standard load and at deep load. They had an overall length of , a beam of and a draught of . They had a crew of 6 officers and 108 enlisted men.
Performance differed radically between the ships of the class, often due to poor workmanship. The Clemson class was powered by two steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by four water-tube boilers. The turbines were designed to produce a total of intended to reach a speed of . The ships carried a maximum of of fuel oil which was intended gave them a range of at .
The ships were armed with four 4-inch (102 mm) guns in single mounts and were fitted with two 1-pounder guns for anti-aircraft defense. In many ships a shortage of 1-pounders caused them to be replaced by 3-inch (76 mm) guns. Their primary weapon, though, was their torpedo battery of a dozen 21 inch (533 mm) torpedo tubes in four triple mounts. They also carried a pair of depth charge rails. A "Y-gun" depth charge thrower was added to many ships.
Construction and career
Kidder, named for Hugh Kidder, was launched 10 July 1919 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, San Francisco, California; sponsored by Miss Ethel Murry Jonstone; and commissioned 7 February 1921. After shakedown along the coast, Kidder was assigned to Destroyer Division 34, Battle Fleet, at San Diego, California. From 1921 to 1924 she operated along the West Coast between Washington and the Panama Canal Zone engaging in training maneuvers, fleet problems, and gunnery exercises. The destroyer played a significant role in the development of naval warfare through using experimental torpedoes in exercises.
Kidder transited the Panama Canal during January 1924 for fleet concentrations in the Caribbean, returning San Diego 22 April. She continued her training operations before clearing San Francisco 15 April 1925 for a fleet problem and joint exercises off Hawaii. Kidder then accompanied the Battle Fleet to Samoa, Australia, and New Zealand before returning to Mare Island 26 September.
For the rest of her naval service she was almost constantly at sea, including winter fleet concentrations in the Caribbean during 1927 and a joint submarine exercise off Hawaii in the spring and summer of 1928.
Fate
During her final year of service, Kidder operated out of San Diego and decommissioned there 18 March 1930. After scrapping, her materials were sold 31 October 1930 in accordance with the terms of the London Treaty limiting naval armament.
As of 2005, no other ship of the US Navy has been named Kidder.
Notes
References
External links
http://www.navsource.org/archives/05/319.htm
Clemson-class destroyers
Ships built in San Francisco
1919 ships
WFMH (1340 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Cullman, Alabama, United States. The station is owned by Jimmy Dale Media. It airs a sports format.
The station was assigned the WFMH call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on September 20, 2002.
Ownership
The station first signed on the air as WKUL on October 1, 1946, under the ownership of the Cullman Broadcasting Company.
During the 1980s the station was owned and operated by Piney Hills Broadcasting. In the mid-1990s the station was acquired by Good Earth Broadcasting which then added a WXXR-FM FM simulcast on 95.5 FM in 1996.
In 1998 101.1 FM in Cullman (WFMH-FM) was leased to a group in Birmingham who wanted to broadcast contemporary Christian music (Reality 101) so the 101.1 FM. The station was leased and later sold and funds from the transaction were used to purchase WXXR-AM-FM from Good Earth Broadcasting.
In May 2004, Voice of Cullman LLC (Clark P. Jones, member/manager) agreed to transfer the license for WFMH and then-sister station WFMH-FM to Williams Communications (Walton E. Williams Jr., president/director). The two stations sold for a reported total of $2.45 million.
In May 2008, a deal was reached to transfer control of this station from Williams Communications, Inc. to Walton E. Williams III. The FCC approved the deal on July 1, 2008, and the transaction was consummated on the same day.
In August 2008, Walton E. Williams III reached an agreement to sell WFMH and sister station WMCJ to Jimmy Dale Media LLC. The two stations sold for a reported total of $375,000. The deal was approved by the FCC on October 6, 2008.
References
External links
FMH
Sports radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1946
1946 establishments in Alabama
Çavdır is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1969 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Norra Götaland
Södra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
Sandåkerns SK - Hammarby IF 1-2
Hälsingborgs IF - Örgryte IS 0-4
Hammarby IF - Hälsingborgs IF 2-0
Örgryte IS - Sandåkerns SK 3-1
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
The 630-meter (or 600-meter) amateur radio band is a frequency band allocated by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) to amateur radio operators, and it ranges from 472–479 kHz, or equivalently 625.9–635.1 meters wavelength. It was formally allocated to amateurs at the 2012 World Radiocommunication Conference (WRC-12). The band is available on a secondary basis in all ITU regions with the limitation that amateur stations have maximum radiated power of 1 watt effective isotropic radiated power (EIRP); however, stations more than 800 km (500 miles) from certain countries may be permitted to use 5 watts EIRP.
The new WRC-12 allocation did not take formal effect until 1 January 2013. However, several countries had already allocated the WRC-12 band to amateurs domestically. Previously, several other countries authorized temporary allocations or experimental operations on nearby frequencies.
The band is in the medium frequency (MF) region, within the 415–526.5 kHz maritime band.
History
With maritime traffic largely displaced from 500 kHz bands, some countries had taken steps prior to 2012 to allocate frequencies at or near 500 kHz to amateur radio use.
During the 2012 World Radiocommunication Conference (WRC-12) of the International Telecommunication Union, a 15 kHz allocation to the amateur radio service was considered on a secondary use basis. The frequencies studied were between 415 kHz and 526.5 kHz. The result was that 472–479 kHz was identified as agreeable for all three ITU Regions, except for some countries such as Russia, China, and some Arab states.
WRC-12 re-allocated the original 500 kHz frequency back to exclusive maritime mobile use for new navigation systems. On 14 February 2012, the delegates at WRC-12 formally approved allocating 472–479 kHz to the amateur radio service; however, this new allocation will not take effect until it is entered into the ITU's Radio Regulations. Following that, individual regulatory authorities need to implement the change nationally in order to make the allocation available to radio amateurs under their jurisdiction.
Recently amateurs have experimented with weak-signal radio communication near 474.2 kHz, utilising WSPR.
Countries in which operation is permitted
Countries with a known band allocation
In Argentina, amateurs have an allocation of 472–479 kHz.
In Australia amateurs now have an allocation from 472–479 kHz, known as the 630-metre band. The maximum EIRP is 5 watts.
In Belgium, on 14 August 2013, a new allocation of 472–479 kHz has been added to the existing allocation of 501–504 kHz for ham radio operators holding a HAREC-class license. The maximum EIRP is 5 watts. All modes are permitted.
In Brazil, amateurs received privileges as secondary users on 472–479 kHz in August 2018.
In Canada, amateurs have a secondary allocation from 472–479 kHz beginning 1 April 2014 where they may not exceed 5 W, or 1 W EIRP in some locations.
In France (including the French Overseas Departments and Territories) amateurs have access to 472–479 kHz, with 1 watt EIRP.
Germany allocated the frequencies to amateur radio based on the WRC-12 conference, effective 13 June 2012.
In New Zealand, the band 472–479 kHz was allocated to amateur radio, on a secondary basis, with an effective date of 20 December 2012. Amateur transmissions are limited to 25 watts EIRP.
In Norway, including Svalbard, Jan Mayen, and the Bouvet Island, amateurs have an allocation of 472–479 kHz on a secondary basis. Maximum output power is 100 watts, and maximum EIRP of 1 watt.
The Philippines allocated 472–479 kHz to amateur radio, with an effective date of 30 August 2012.
In Poland, amateurs have an allocation from 472–479 kHz since 18 February 2014. The maximum EIRP is 1 watt.
The Principality of Monaco allocated 472–479 kHz to the amateur service on 18 May 2012.
In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission approved allocating 472–479 kHz on a secondary basis to the amateur service, in a report and order released on 29 March 2017. Amateurs wishing to operate on the band will need to notify the Utilities Technology Council (UTC) and be separated at least 1 km (1000 yards) from electric transmission lines that carry power-line communication (PLC) signals that use the same band. The maximum EIRP is 5 watts with the transmitter output power not exceeding 500 watts PEP. CW, RTTY, data, phone, and image emissions are allowed. The first US amateur stations activated the band on Friday 13 October 2017.
In the Netherlands, amateurs have an allocation from 472–479 kHz. Restriction in this is that no contests are allowed, and only the modes A1A, F1A, G1A, and J2A are allowed. The allocation is secondary, and a maximum power rating of 100 watts PEP is allowed.
As of December 2012, amateurs in some other countries continue to operate on their pre-WRC-12 permits on other frequencies.
Allocations before WRC-12
In Belgium, amateurs were allocated 501–504 kHz on a secondary basis on 15 January 2008. Only CW may be used with a maximum ERP of 5 W. On 14 August 2013, an additional allocation for 472–479 kHz has been added allowing all modes of transmission.
In Norway, the band 493–510 kHz was allocated to radio amateurs on 6 November 2009. Only radiotelegraphy is permitted. After WRC-12, this allocation was replaced with an allocation of 472–479 kHz.
In the Netherlands 501–505 kHz was allocated to Amateur Radio operators, with a maximum of 100 watts PEP, on 1 January 2012.
In New Zealand, the 505–515 kHz band was allocated to amateur radio temporarily, "pending an international frequency allocation", on 1 March 2010. Amateur use is on a non-interference basis, and transmissions are limited to 25 watts EIRP, with a bandwidth not exceeding 200 Hz. Now that an international frequency allocation has been made by the ITU and subsequently implemented in New Zealand, this temporary band is being phased out. A transition period of one year was given for amateurs to move to the new allocation. Use of this band will not be permitted after 31 December 2013.
Countries with past or current experimental operation
Other regions have granted experimental uses for selected licensees in advance of any international frequency allocation.
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) granted the American Radio Relay League an experimental license to explore such uses in September 2006. Eleven years later, the US FCC granted access to all amateurs with a general (or higher) license, effective 13 October 2017.
Subsequently, the UK started to issue Special Research Permits for amateurs to use 501–504 kHz.
Ireland has allowed individuals to apply for Test Licenses in the 501–504 kHz frequency range.
Canada has allowed individuals to apply for use in the 504–509 kHz frequency range.
Other regions with experimental operations include Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Iceland, Sweden, Spain, and Slovenia.
Countries in which operation is prohibited
As part of the compromise to allocate the band, a new footnote was added to the ITU's Table of Frequency Allocations, which prohibits amateur operation between 472–479 kHz in many countries:
Algeria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Belarus
China
Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lebanon
Libya
Mauritania
Oman
Qatar
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Somalia
Sudan
Syria
Tunisia
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Yemen
See also
Maritime band, or 500 kHz
Maritime mobile amateur radio
Medium frequency radio propagation
Radio propagation
LowFER
Footnotes
References
External links
Amateur radio bands
Mattie Parker (born November 9, 1983) is an American politician serving as the Mayor of Fort Worth, Texas since 2021. After coming in second place in the first round of voting in May, Parker faced off against Deborah Peoples, the Tarrant County Democratic Party chair, in the run-off election on June 5, 2021. Parker received 53.5% of the vote in the nominally non-partisan election.
In Fort Worth, mayors are elected to two-year terms. Parker succeeded Betsy Price, who was elected to five consecutive terms as mayor, including the 2019 election, in which Price also defeated Peoples. Price opted to not run for a sixth term in 2021 and endorsed Parker, her former chief of staff.
Early life and education
Parker was born Mattie Jean Pearcy in Hico, Texas, about 80 miles southwest of Fort Worth. She graduated from Hico High School in 2002 before heading to the University of Texas at Austin, where she graduated in 2006 with a bachelor's degree in government. In 2012, Parker graduated from the Texas Wesleyan School of Law with a Juris Doctor degree and, in 2013, was admitted to the State Bar of Texas. Parker was in Texas Wesleyan's final graduating class before the law school was sold and became the Texas A&M University School of Law in 2013.
Career
During her junior year at the University of Texas, Parker became a press assistant in then-Texas House of Representatives Speaker Tom Craddick's office. She later became Craddick's deputy press secretary and served as his executive assistant after graduating from college. Between 2007 and 2010, Parker worked as legislative director and chief of staff to Texas Rep. Phil King, a Republican from Weatherford. While attending law school, Parker served as campaign manager for U.S. Rep Kay Granger, the first Republican woman to represent Texas in the U.S. House and Fort Worth's first female mayor. In 2012, she became Granger's district director before leaving in 2014 to work as an associate attorney at Harris, Finley & Bogle, P.C.
Parker was appointed chief of staff for Fort Worth's mayor and city council in 2015, where she remained until April 2020. Parker then became the founding chief executive officer of Fort Worth Cradle to Career, a nonprofit organization, and the Tarrant To & Through (T3) Partnership, a coalition of organizations focused on increasing the number of Tarrant County students who obtain a postsecondary credential before entering the workforce. She left the position in July 2021 following her victory in the mayor's race, but remains on the board of directors.
In January 2021, shortly after Price announced her decision not to run for another term, Parker went public with her campaign for mayor. She received endorsements from Price and other prominent members of Fort Worth's business and philanthropic communities, including billionaire Sid Bass. In the May 1 election, Parker earned 30.82% of the vote, finishing second behind Peoples, the outgoing Tarrant County Democratic Party chair. The two candidates competed in a June 5 runoff, which attracted the highest early voter turnout in a Fort Worth mayor's race in at least a decade. Prior to Election Day, Parker received an endorsement from Texas Gov. Greg Abbott. Parker won the runoff with 53.5%, becoming Fort Worth's first millennial mayor and the youngest mayor among the 25 largest cities in the U.S. Parker raised and spent more than $1.98 million during the general election and runoff, a figure that surpassed any previous expenditures in Fort Worth mayoral races. She was sworn in alongside four new city council members on June 14, 2021.
Bitcoin Mining
As Mayor of Fort Worth, Parker in association with the Texas Blockchain Council, became the first city in the U.S. to mine bitcoin.
“The Texas Blockchain Council is thrilled to be part of this first-of-its-kind pilot program as the City of Fort Worth begins mining Bitcoin. By starting small to learn as they go, Fort Worth is positioning itself to be the bitcoin mining capital of Texas. The state as a whole has already established itself as the bitcoin mining capital of the world,” said President and Founder of Texas Blockchain Council Lee Bratcher. “We are grateful for the support of several of our member companies, specifically, Luxor Technologies and Rhodium Enterprises, as they provided strategic guidance for this project.”
Personal life
Parker and her husband, lobbyist David Parker, have a daughter and two sons.
References
1980s births
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Living people
Mayors of Fort Worth, Texas
Texas Republicans
University of Texas at Austin alumni
Women mayors of places in Texas
The Rosandra Valley (, ) is a valley centered on the Rosandra River (Slovene: ) in the municipality of Dolina in the Italian region of Friuli Venezia Giulia, between the city of Trieste and the border with Slovenia. It is also included into a natural park, mostly set around the Rosandra River and the surrounding hills reach an elevation of . The northern end of the valley crosses the Italian-Slovenian border. The Rosandra Valley is part of the Karst geographical region. Tourist attractions in the valley are Supet Falls near the village of Botazzo () and Our Lady of Siaris Church () perched high in the hills of the valley.
Flora
The Rosandra Valley has considerable plant diversity: more than 1,000 fungi, 988 vascular plants, approx. 300 lichens, about 150 bryophytes (mosses and liverworts), and about 100 species of Myxomicetes, for a total of approximately 2,700 infrageneric taxa.
The Rosandra Valley reflects the history of the vegetation of the karst, but it has many original features. The geomorphology makes it unique in the Trieste Karst: agriculture was and is limited to small areas of flysch such as near Botazzo, grazing is today almost completely abandoned and even in the past it was made difficult by the steep and stony slopes. The valley still retains aspects of the prehistoric vegetation of the karst, especially on rocks and scree slopes. The landscape is different from that of the rest of the Trieste Karst. The climbers who use the rock walls as a school have wrongly compared it to an "alpine" landscape, whereas it rather recalls the great valleys of Dinaric Dalmatia, with the major forms of erosion and the alternation of shrubs and almost bare surfaces; also the geologic structures are similar, with fissured limestone, scree, etc., the species are often the same and grow in similar associations. Thus, certain sections of M. Carso are extraordinarily reminiscent of the hinterland of Rijeka in Croatia.
In the Rosandra Valley the relationships between vegetation and physical factors are clearer than in the Alps, where the complicated orography and the presence of many types of rocks create a complex pattern of ecosystems. In the Rosandra Valley the landscape can be read easily, because of the modest development of the reliefs and presence of only two dominant types of substrate: limestone and flysch. The areas with flysch have an almost "Apenninic", landscape, while those with limestone give rise to a "Balkan" landscape.
References
External links
The Rosandra Valley on Wikivoyage
Interactive flora of the Rosandra Valley
Plan of the Natural Park on the website of the Friuli-Venezia Giulia Government
Rivers of Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Valleys of Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Province of Trieste
Tourist attractions in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Valleys in the Slovene Littoral
Naitō, Naito or Naitou (written: 内藤) is a Japanese name, also transliterated as Naitoh or Nightow. Notable people with the surname include:
, vice president of Lenovo's PC and Smart Devices business unit, known as the "Father of ThinkPad"
, American businessman, civic leader and philanthropist
, Japanese professional boxer
, Japanese female volleyball player
, Japanese professional shogi player
, Japanese samurai
, Japanese samurai
, Japanese samurai
, Japanese daimyo
, Japanese samurai
, Japanese hurler
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese daimyo
, Japanese daimyo
, Japanese samurai
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese architect, engineer, and professor
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese professional wrestler
, Japanese historian
, Japanese sculptor
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese racewalker
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese tennis player
Japanese-language surnames
John C. Barrett, (born 1949) is a British archaeologist, prehistorian, and Emeritus Professor of Archaeology at the Department of Archaeology, University of Sheffield. His research has primarily focussed on archaeological theory, European Prehistory from early agriculture to Romanisation, and the development of commercially funded archaeology in the UK. Barrett has been seen as an influential figure in the development of archaeological theory, critiques of archaeological practice, and British Prehistory.
Education
Barrett's interest in archaeology came from encountering excavations at St Albans around the age of 12. He later graduated from the University of Wales (University College Cardiff).
Academic career
Early positions and Fragments from Antiquity
Barrett first taught at the University of Leeds as a lecturer from 1976 and became a Senior Lecturer at the University of Glasgow in 1980. While at Glasgow, Barrett co-directed excavations and projects at major Prehistoric sites in Scotland, such as the Pitcarmick excavations in North East Perth. Barrett had contributed a section on Early Bronze Age hoards and metalwork to the 1985 book Symbols of Power: At the Time of Stonehenge, written by D.V. Clarke, T.G. Cowie and Andrew Foxon which had been published by the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland. Barrett further wrote Fields of Discourse: Reconstituting a Social Archaeology in 1988 which continues to be an influential and revisited framework in modern archaeological practice.
In 1994, also during his tenure at Glasgow, Barrett wrote Fragments from Antiquity: An Archaeology of Social Life in Britain, 2900-1200 BC which became an influential text amongst archaeologists studying British prehistory. In the text, Barrett criticised the trend amongst processual archaeologists to focus on the generalisation of past societies into a series of processes, instead arguing that archaeologists should instead think about the individuals of the past, who are otherwise forgotten. He therefore accepts the role that post-processual theory plays in the book, but argued that "this is not a book about archaeological theory", and instead "an empirical study aimed at building a history of the period between about 2900 and 1200 BC in southern Britain".
Research and positions at the Department of Archaeology, University of Sheffield (1995 onward)
Barrett joined the Department of Archaeology at the University of Sheffield in 1995 and appointed to a chair in Archaeology in 2001. Barrett further acted as Head of Archaeology between 2002 and 2006, Dean of Arts (2007-2008), and Acting Head of Department of Biblical Studies (2009-2011). Additionally, Barrett was invited as a Visiting Professor to the University of Heidelberg in 2005.
From the mid-1990s until 2009, Barrett acted as a consultant on the Framework Archaeology project which provided archaeological services to BAA during the construction of Heathrow Terminal 5 and expansion of London Stanstead Airport in conjunction with Oxford Archaeology and Wessex Archaeology.
Select publications
Barrett, J.C. (2013) "Genes and Agents: Closing the Theoretical Gap". In S. Bergerbrant & S. Sabatini (eds.) Counterpoint: Essays in Archaeology and heritage Studies in Honour of Professor Kristian Kristiansen. Oxford: Archaeopress, 575-582
Barrett, J.C. (2013) "The Archaeology of Mind: It's not what you think", Cambridge Archaeological Journal 23(1), 1-17.
Barrett, J.C. (2011) "The Neolithic Revolution: an ecological perspective", in Hadjikoumis A., Robinson E. & Viner S. (eds.) The dynamics of neolithisation in Europe: studies in honour of Andrew Sherratt. Oxford: Oxbow Books.
Barrett, J.C. and Ko, I. (2009) "A Phenomenlogy of Landscape: a crisis in British Field Archaeology?", Journal of Social Archaeology. 9(3), 275-294
Andrews, G.A., Barrett J.C. Lewis J.S.C. (2000) "Interpretation not record: the practice of archaeology". Antiquity 74, 525-30
Barrett, J.C. (1994) Fragments from Antiquity: An Archaeology of Social Life in Britain, 2900-1200 BC
References
Academics of the University of Sheffield
British archaeologists
Living people
Prehistorians
Academics of the University of Leeds
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Alumni of Cardiff University
1949 births
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Rachel Joyce may refer to:
Rachel Joyce (triathlete) (born 1978), English triathlete
Rachel Joyce (writer) (born 1962), British writer
Ingo Klemen (born 29 July 1986) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as an attacker for SV Mattersburg in the Austrian Football First League.
References
1986 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Austrian footballers
Association football forwards
SV Mattersburg players
Henry Poole is a technologist and social entrepreneur, CEO of CivicActions and Board Member of the Free Software Foundation.
He co-founded one of the first digital agencies, Vivid Studios, in 1993. That year, he served as technical editor for the book, Demystifying Multimedia. In 1994, he led a project to study the social interactions and use of technology for the WELL community. In 1995, his firm managed the online launch of Microsoft Windows 95 (the largest online technology product introduction of this time).
In 2000, Poole joined as CEO of French Linux publisher MandrakeSoft. In 2001, Poole founded the first openSAAS enterprise, Affero, Inc. and in 2002, published the Affero General Public License, version 1. Poole joined the board of the Free Software Foundation in December 2002. In 2003, Poole managed the digital team for Kucinich for US President and in 2004, founded government digital services firm CivicActions. In May 2006, Poole and the Free Software Foundation launched the anti-DRM campaign, Defective by Design.
A software freedom activist, Poole has organized fundraisers for Dmitry Sklyarov and the Free Software Foundation.
He is a signatory to the 9/11 Truth Statement.
References
External links
Henry Poole CivicActions Bio
Politics on the Net
Berkeley Technophiles Launch Campaign Software Revolution
Presidential Campaigning at the Edge
The Affero GPL: Closing the Distribution Loophole
Famed Berkeley Home Hosts Kucinich E-campaign
LinuxPlanet Interview: Trust Unlimited
Technical Entrepreneur Profile - Henri Poole: Bridging Worlds
Financial Times: Building communities on the internet
BusinessWeek: Yankee, We Want You. Yankee, Go Home
Scoop Media: Where is the Money
Members of the Free Software Foundation board of directors
GNU people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Lieutenant General Donald C. Wurster is a retired Commander, Air Force Special Operations Command, Hurlburt Field, FL. The command is a major command of the U.S. Air Force and the Air Force component of U.S. Special Operations Command. AFSOC provides Air Force Special Operations Forces for worldwide deployment and assignment to unified combatant commanders. The command has approximately 12,900 active-duty, Reserve, Air National Guard and civilian professionals.
Life
Born in Washington, DC, Wurster was commissioned in 1973 upon graduation from the United States Air Force Academy. In 1974, he completed undergraduate helicopter training at Fort Rucker, Alabama. He commanded special operations forces at the squadron, group, wing and subunified command level, and he served as commander of all U.S. forces assigned to Joint Task Force-510 during Operation Enduring Freedom - Philippines. Wurster was Deputy Director, Center for Special Operations, USSOCOM from May 2004 to February 2006.
General Wurster is a command pilot with more than 4,000 flying hours, including assignments in both rescue and special operations.
His Brother Charles D. Wurster retired in 2008 as a Vice Admiral in the US Coast Guard. The Wurster family has a record of military service dating back to the Revolutionary War. As three-star flag officers, the brothers hold the highest rank of anyone in their family. Their father, retired USAF Colonel Charles Wurster, was a F-51 and F-80 (P-80) pilot with the 36th Fighter Squadron in the Korean War and became one of only three pilots to score more than one “kill” in all of 1950.
Education
1973 Bachelor of Science degree, U.S. Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colo.
1982 Distinguished graduate, Squadron Officer School, Maxwell AFB, Ala.
1983 Master of Arts degree, Webster University, St. Louis, Mo.
1987 Distinguished graduate, Air Command and Staff College, Maxwell AFB, Ala.
1994 Air War College, by correspondence
1997 Industrial College of the Armed Forces, Fort Lesley J. McNair, Washington, D.C.
2004 National Security Leadership Course, Syracuse New York
2009 Leadership at the Peak, Center for Creative Leadership, Colorado Springs, Colorado
Assignments
June 1973 - July 1974, student, undergraduate helicopter training, Fort Rucker, Ala.
July 1974 - March 1975, student, HH-3E Jolly Green Giant training, Hill AFB, Utah
March 1975 - May 1976, HH-3E pilot, Detachment 13, 41st Rescue and Weather Reconnaissance Wing, Osan Air Base, South Korea
May 1976 - July 1979, HH-3E instructor pilot, 71st Air Rescue and Recovery Squadron, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska
July 1979 - November 1980, inactive Air Force Reserve, Lowry AFB, Colo.
November 1980 - December 1983, HH-3E evaluator pilot, 1550th Aircrew Training and Test Wing, Kirtland AFB, N.M.
December 1983 - July 1986, weapon systems program manager for rescue and special operations forces, Aircraft Acquisition Branch, Headquarters Military Airlift Command, Scott AFB, Ill.
July 1986 - June 1987, student, Air Command and Staff College, Maxwell AFB, Ala.
June 1987 - July 1989, MH-60G Pave Hawk assistant operations officer, 55th Special Operations Squadron, Eglin AFB, Fla.
July 1989 - August 1991, program element monitor for rescue and special operations forces, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C.
August 1991 - July 1994, operations officer, then MH-53J Pave Low IIIE commander, 21st Special Operations Squadron, Royal Air Force Woodbridge and Royal Air Force Alconbury, England
July 1994 - July 1996, assistant for electronics, communications and special programs, Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict, Forces and Resources, Washington, D.C.
July 1996 - July 1997, student, Industrial College of the Armed Forces, Fort Lesley J. McNair, Washington, D.C.
July 1997 - September 1997, MH-53J requalification, 551st Flying Training Squadron, Kirtland AFB, N.M.
September 1997 - June 1998, Commander, 16th Operations Group, Hurlburt Field, Fla.
June 1998 - July 1999, Commander, 16th Special Operations Wing, Hurlburt Field, Fla.
October 1999 - October 2000, Inspector General, U.S. Transportation Command and Headquarters Air Mobility Command, Scott AFB, Ill.
October 2000 - February 2003, Commander, Special Operations Command, Pacific, Camp H.M. Smith, Hawaii
February 2003 - May 2004, special assistant to the Commander, U.S. Special Operations Command, later, Director, Center for Intelligence and Information Operations, USSOCOM, MacDill AFB, Fla.
May 2004 - February 2006, Deputy Director, Center for Special Operations, USSOCOM, MacDill AFB, Fla.
February 2006 - November 2007, Vice Commander, Air Force Special Operations Command, Hurlburt Field, Fla.
November 2007 – June 2011, Commander, Air Force Special Operations Command, Hurlburt Field, Fla.
Flight Information
Rating: Command pilot
Flight hours: More than 4,000
Aircraft flown: AC-130, HH-3E, MC-130, MH-53J, MH-60G, and CV-22 Osprey, PZL M28 & U-28
Awards and decorations
Effective Dates Of Promotion
Second Lieutenant June 6, 1973
First Lieutenant June 6, 1975
Captain June 6, 1977
Major February 1, 1986
Lieutenant Colonel April 1, 1989
Colonel June 1, 1996
Brigadier General September 1, 2000
Major General October 1, 2004
Lieutenant General November 27, 2007
Retirement
Lt. Gen. Wurster retired from the U.S. Air Force on Friday 24 June 2011, handing over command of AFSOC to Lt. Gen. Eric E. Fiel in a ceremony held at Hurlburt Field. His official retirement date was August 1, 2011.
“Lt. Gen. Wurster has been a brilliant and strong leader,” said Adm. Eric Olson, commander of the U.S. Special Operations Command. “He led by always putting people first in the air and on the ground. Today is more than a transfer of authority. We say goodbye to a great leader and friend.
“Gen. Fiel will now bring his own vision,” Olson added. “There will be challenges, but I've seen him face challenges before and overcome many obstacles. In the transition from one commander to another, I know (AFSOC) will continue to excel.”
Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz presided over the ceremony. “This is a great time to be amongst the Special Operations Squadron,” Schwartz said. “Gen. Wurster will now get to enjoy fishing, hunting and life after command service. This is a new and tremendous chapter for you."
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
United States Air Force generals
United States Air Force Academy alumni
Webster University alumni
Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Air Medal
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Philippine Legion of Honor
Giorgi Samsonovich Dzotsenidze (; born 10 February 1910 – 5 May 1976) was a Georgian geologist and statesman. As a politician he held the posts of Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic (1959–1976) and the deputy chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet (1960–1976). As a scientist, he was Academician of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and vice-president of the Georgian Academy of Sciences.
Dzotsenidze was born in a peasant family in Kutaisi and graduated from the Tbilisi State University in 1929. In 1933–1934 he briefly headed the department of mineralogy and petrography at the pedagogical institute in Kutaisi, and from 1934 to 1959 held positions of professor, dean and rector (1958–59) of the Tbilisi University. Between 1951 and 1955 he was a secretary, and from 1955 to 1958 the first vice-president of the Georgian Academy of Sciences. His scientific works concerned paleovolcanology and the connection between magmatism and tectonics. In particular, he was one of the founders of the theory of volcanogenic-sedimentary lithogenesis.
In 1940 he became member of the Communist Party. In 1959 he was chosen as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Georgian SSR, and in 1960 appointed as the deputy chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet. He held these posts until his death in 1976. During his career he received the State Prize of the USSR (1950), and awarded two Orders of Lenin and the Order of the Red Banner of Labour.
References
1910 births
1976 deaths
20th-century politicians from Georgia (country)
People from Kutaisi
Politicians from Kutaisi
Communist Party of Georgia (Soviet Union) politicians
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Members of the Georgian National Academy of Sciences
Rectors of Tbilisi State University
Tbilisi State University alumni
Stalin Prize winners
Lenin Prize winners
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Geologists from Georgia (country)
Soviet geologists
Burials in Georgia (country)
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Karolew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dąbrówka, north-east of Wołomin, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Wołomin County
Vincenzo Marra (born Naples, 18 September 1972) is an Italian filmmaker.
Filmography
2001 - Tornando a casa
2002 - E.A.M. - Estranei alla massa (documentary)
2003 - Paesaggio a sud
2004 - Vento di terra
2005 - 58% (documentary)
2006 - L'udienza è aperta (documentary)
2007 - The Trial Begins
2014 - Bridges of Sarajevo
2015 - First Light
References
External links
Italian film directors
Living people
Film people from Naples
Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
1972 births
Suchodół () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Grębków, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Conan Against Darkness! is a 1984 adventure module for the first edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game, set in the Hyborian universe of Robert E. Howard's character Conan the Barbarian. It is designed for four player characters at character level 10-14 and uses some minor rule variations in an attempt to recreate the setting's atmosphere. It was publicized as containing a "journey of epic proportions".
Plot summary
Conan Against Darkness! is an adventure that takes place while Conan was King of Aquilonia and features a battle against Thoth-Amon.
The adventure requires the use of some variant rules specified in the publication. These include "Fear", a faster healing rate, and "Heroism".
The publication includes four new monsters (Winged Gaunts, Crawler in the Dark, Serpent Folk, and Fire Guardians), several new magical items, and game statistics for the four suggested player characters - Conan, Pelias the Sorcerer, Nzinga the Amazon, and Prospero the General.
Publication history
Conan Against Darkness! was written by Ken Rolston, with art by Jeffrey Butler and Jeff Easley, and was published by TSR in 1984 as a 32-page booklet with an outer folder.
Its module code is CB2 and its TSR product code is TSR 9124.
The module was edited by Anne C. Gray, with graphic design by Elizabeth Riedel and cartography by "Diesel".
Reception
Jez Keen of Imagine magazine gave it a mixed review. He praised the cover and the overall "attractive package" of the module. However, he noted that the game could only be played effectively as Conan and his companions. Criticisms included the "disjointed and sometimes purposeless" gameplay, mundane and overwritten encounters, and that the "extreme violence and lack of clerics" made survival difficult.
See also
List of Dungeons & Dragons modules
Conan Unchained!
Conan Role-Playing Game
GURPS Conan
Conan: The Roleplaying Game
References
External links
The "CB" modules from The Acaeum
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Role-playing games based on Conan the Barbarian
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1973 season.
League standings
Norra
Södra
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Çataldere is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Pikes Peak Greenway is a 16 mile trail in Colorado Springs, Colorado that parallels Monument and Fountain Creeks and winds through and alongside parks, like Monument Valley Park, and sports complexes. It connects with other trails, such as the Midland Trail, Bear Creek Trail and Templeton Gap Trail.
Overview
The greenway is a 16 mile that runs north to south. Pine Creek Reach, north of Woodman Road, is the north-most point on the trail. Sand Creek Reach at the El Pomar Youth Sports Complex, south of Circle Drive, is the south-most point on the trail. It is classified as an easy trail that parallels Monument Creek, Fountain Creek and I-25. The estimated cycling time is 1.25 hours, without stops. Criterium Bike shop is located along the trail at 6150 Corporate Drive for any needed bike repairs.
History
In the 1980s the concept of a greenway was developed, but it wasn't until 1997 that a Great Outdoors Colorado Trust Fund (GOCO) Legacy Grant was able to provide sufficient funds to get the project started. Trails, Open Space and Parks taxes matched the grant funds. The Palmer Foundation and the City of Colorado Springs also provided funding for the Pikes Peak Greenway. Then, private land that was needed to complete the trail was purchased.
In 2000 the Greenway trail was connected to the New Santa Fe Regional Trail, which allows joggers, bikers, cyclists and skaters to travel past the United States Air Force Academy and up to Palmer Lake. A golden spike was ceremoniously driven into the ground to signify "the opening of a long-sought stretch of trail."
Trail reaches
The points along the trail, from north to south, are:
Pine Creek Reach — The Woodman Trail is to the west of the Greenway Trail. The northernmost point of the Pine Creek Reach meets up with the New Santa Fe Trail, which goes north to Palmer Lake.
High Plains Reach
Northridge Reach (north)
Northridge Reach (south) — The Austin Bluffs Trail is not directly accessed from the Greenway Trail, but it is a short distance east of the trail on Garden of the Gardens Road and off of Nevada Avenue.
Reservoir Reach — travels along Skateboard Park and Pikeview Reservoir
Templeton Gap Reach — passes by the Gossage Youth Sports Complex. The Sinton trail leads to the nearby Sinton Pond Open Space. The Templeton Gap Trail can also be accessed from this portion of the trail.
Roswell Reach — travels along Roswell Park
Monument Valley Reach (north) — winds through Monument Valley Park, with trails on both sides of Monument Creek — From the trail on the western side of Mountain Creek, one can travel to the Mesa Springs Greenway or the Mesa Valley Trail at Sonderman Park
Monument Valley Reach (south) — winds through Monument Valley Park, with trails on both sides of Monument Creek. The Mesa Springs Greenway is accessed from the trail on the western side of Mountain Creek.
Downtown Reach — travels through America the Beautiful Park (Confluence Park) where the Midland Trail begins
Power Plant Reach — which mid-trail connects to the Bear Creek Trail that leads to the Bear Creek Nature Center
Tejon Marsh Reach — passes through Dorchester Park
Spring Creek Reach (north)
Spring Creek Reach (south)
Sand Creek Reach — where the El Pomar Sports Center is located and where the trail connects to the Sand Creek Trail
See also
Parks in Colorado Springs, Colorado
List of parks in Colorado Springs, Colorado
References
External links
Pikes Peak Greenway map
Interactive Urban Trails map
Urban Trails map (pdf)
Parks in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Hiking trails in Colorado
Jasika (Cyrillic: Јасика) is a village in the City of Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 70.
References
Populated places in Zenica
A Hanukkah stamp is a holiday stamp issued to commemorate Hanukkah. Since 1996, several Hanukkah-themed postage stamps have been issued, often jointly.
Description
A Hanukkah stamp is a holiday postage stamp issued to commemorate the Jewish holiday Hanukkah.
History
Israel
The United States Postal Service (USPS) issued a 32-cent Hanukkah stamp in 1996 with a menorah design as a joint issue with Israel Post. A menorah design was also used in 2008 for a forever stamp issued jointly with USPS. In 2012, a stamp sheet commemorating Hanukkah was issued jointly with India Post.
United States
The United States Postal Service has released several Hanukkah-themed postage stamps.
1996
The United States Postal Service (USPS) issued a 32-cent Hanukkah stamp in 1996 as a joint issue with Israel. This initial printing produced 103.5 million stamps and in 1997 there was a re-issue. It is regarded as the first Jewish stamp issued by the US Postal service and noted by most experts and dealers of this kind of stamps.
Thus, that stamp and the year it was first issued, 1996, was historic, and was part of a turnaround, as explained:
The stamp was reissued in 1999 with a 33-cent denomination, followed in 2001 at 34 cents and 2002 at 37 cents.
2004
In 2004 after 8 years of reissuing the menorah design, the USPS issued a dreidel design for the Hanukkah stamp with a 37-cent denomination. The dreidel design was used through 2008, with changes in denomination to 39 cents in 2006, 41 cents in 2007 and 42 cents in 2008.
2008
A menorah design was used in 2008 for a forever stamp issued jointly with Israel Post.
2009
The 2009 Hanukkah design features a photograph of a menorah with nine lit candles and a 44-cent denomination. The menorah was designed by Lisa Regan of the Garden Deva Sculpture Company in Tulsa, OK, and photographed by Ira Wexler of Braddock Heights, MD. Garden Deva was commissioned by the U.S. Postal Service to design and fabricate the menorah. After the reveal ceremony in New York City on October 9, the stamp was made available nationwide at all post offices.
2011
In 2011, the Hanukkah stamp was redesigned with the word "Hanukkah" broken into eight boxes, one of which (the second K) is in the shape of a dreidel. The denomination was 44 cents.
2013
In 2013, the USPS issued a revamped Hanukkah menorah design on a brown background as a forever stamp with an effective 46 cent denomination. The stamp was redesigned and issued in 2016 with a blue background and an effective 47-cent denomination.
References
Stamps
Postage stamps of the United States
Assumpta Oturu (born 1953) is a Ugandan-American journalist and poet. She hosts a weekly radio programme, 'Spotlight Africa', on the Los Angeles-based radio station KPFK. She has published poetry as Assumpta Acam-Oturu.
Life
Acam-Oturu was born in Teso, Eastern Uganda. She obtained a diploma in journalism from Mindolo Ecumenical Centre's School of Journalism in Zambia, and in 1983 earned a BA in Journalism and International Relations from the University of Southern California. She started 'Spotlight Africa' on KPFK in July 1986, to address the lack of knowledge about Africa amongst Americans. The programme, broadcast weekly on Saturdays, documents African politics, economics, current affairs, social and women's issues.
Oturu appeared in the 2015 documentary Bound: Africans vs African Americans, which explored tensions in the African diaspora. Oturu emphasised the historical roots of these tensions, in the slave trade and African ignorance of the African American experience. At an African Diaspora Conference in November 2017 she emphasised the opportunities for Africans and African Americans to enlighten each other about the specificities of their respective cultures.
Poetry
'A Fountain of Blood', Ufahamu: A Journal of African Studies, Vol. 16, Issue 1 (1988), p. 136
'Arise to the Day's Toil' and 'An Agony... A Resurrection', in Stella Chipasula & Frank Mkalawile Chipasula, eds., The Heinemann book of African women's poetry, Heinemann Educational Publishers, 1995.
'An Agony... A Resurrection', in Tanure Ojaide and Tijan M. Sallah, eds., The New African Anthology, Lynne Reinner Publishers, 1999.
References
External links
The Resurgence and Redefinition of Pan-Africanism: Assumpta Oturu
1953 births
Living people
People from Teso sub-region
Ugandan poets
Ugandan emigrants to the United States
University of Southern California alumni
Ugandan radio presenters
Women radio presenters
American radio hosts
Vinay Anand (born 23 March 1978) is an Indian actor, having featured in around 60 Hindi and Bhojpuri movies. Known for his roles in movies like Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya, Sautela, Jahan Jaaeyega Hamen Paaeyega and Aamdani Atthani Kharcha Rupaiyaa, Vinay Anand is also related to Bollywood actor Govinda.
Family life
Born on 23 March 1978, Vinay Anand is the son of songwriter Ravi Anand and of Pushpa Ahuja Anand. Pushpa is Bollywood actor Govinda's sister and the daughter of classical singer Nirmala Devi and of Bollywood actor Arun Kumar Ahuja. Vinay Anand is married to Jyoti Anand, sister of popular South Indian actress Simran.
Career
Vinay Anand debuted with Lo Main Aagaya, starring Prem Chopra, Laxmikant Berde and Mohan Joshi. This film was directed by Mahesh Kothare. After the first film, Vinay was offered with several Hindi movies like Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya, Sautela, Jahan Jaaeyega Hume Paiyega, Aamdani Atthani Kharcha Rupaiyaa, etc. Vinay has acted in several Bhojpuri films, in the lead role and has a huge fan following.
Music Album
Vinay Anand is now gearing up to make a comeback with a pop album under his newly launched production house, Flying Horses. All the songs have been sung by Vinay himself while Durgesh Vishwakarma is the music composer. Jyoti Anand and Sanjay Kabir have worked as the lyricists on the album. Flying Horses will also produce Hindi films and regional cinema in the coming years.
Filmography
Actor
References
External links
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Living people
Indian male film actors
1978 births
21st-century Indian male actors
Male actors from Mumbai
George Parrish Tebbetts (1828 – January 9, 1909) was an American politician from California.
Tebbetts was born in Concord, New Hampshire and graduated from Dartmouth College in 1848, where he studied medicine. With the California gold rush he sailed to San Francisco. While crossing the Isthmus of Panama, he cared for people suffering from yellow fever.
He prospected with a Chinese boy on the American River near Sacramento and they extracted $70,000 in gold. The San Diego History Center describes what followed: They returned to San Francisco. "There the boy expressed a wish to return to China, and Tebbetts settled with him for $3,000. The boy returned to China, and as the years rolled by, nothing was heard from him. Forty-five years later he walked into Tebbett's office in Santa Barbara and introduced himself. The surprise meeting after so many years was an enjoyable occasion, with much reminiscing by the two lucky gold seekers."
Tebbetts arrived in San Diego around 1850 and was co-proprietor of the Exchange Hotel. He was elected Councilman for 1851–1852. In 1852 he became the third mayor of San Diego under U.S. rule. While mayor, a series of murders, horse thievery, and lawlessness caused locals to organize The Vigilantes to keep the peace. When Tebbetts' horse was stolen, the thieves were caught, paraded around town with nooses around their necks, and lynched. Federal officials investigated, but gave up when Tebbetts told them the entire town was involved.
In 1852 the city was bankrupt. The city charter was abolished and city administration was performed by a board of trustees with no mayor, operated by the state.
Tebbetts later was member of the San Diego County Board of Supervisors during 1854–1864.
During an Indian war at Warner Springs in the early 1850s, Tebbetts served as ensign with Fitzgerald's Volunteers. The uprising was caused by an 1844 Mexican land grant that included Cupa, the village of the Cupeňo people, and surrounding homelands. During the war Tebbetts participated in a "Dual" with Joshua Bean as a practical joke.
Tebbets ran the Exchange Hotel, with a partner Philip Hooff, from 1850 or 1851. The hotel was owned by his father-in-law Juan Rodríguez and sold in 1858. George Derby immortalized them in his satirical book Phoenixiana referring to Tebbetts and Hoof as "Two bitts" (because of his small size) and "Cloven Hooff".
Tebbetts bought the San Luis Rey Ranch in the late 1850s. In the late 1860s he moved to Santa Barbara where he bought the San Roque Ranch, was appointed Postmaster, and started the Santa Barbara Press, Daily Independent, and Daily News.
Tebbetts married twice, with four children (Horace, Stella, John, and Maria Virginia De Los Reyes) from his first marriage with Delorez Rodríguez (Maria Delos Reyes Osuna Y Rodriguez), daughter of Juan Rodríguez, and three children from his second marriage to Mary Jones. Maria Tebbetts (Maria Virginia De Los Reyes Tebbetts) married Brigadier-General Frank Clarke Prescott N.G.C.
Later, he moved in with his son Nathan in San Francisco where he died 1909.
See also
"George Parrish Tebbetts", The Journal of San Diego History 9:2 (April 1963) by Orion Zink
"The Exchange Hotel", The Journal of San Diego History 8:4 (October 1962) by Orion Zink
"Tebbetts Genealogy" by Richard Prescott Bale
Mayors of San Diego
1828 births
1909 deaths
The California Demonstration State Forests are operated by the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
See also
California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection
List of U.S. National Forests
References
, California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection
Area of State Forests as of 1996, CDF/Resource Management Program, 1996.
External links
Fire.ca.gov: official California State Forests website
Fire.ca.gov: California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CDF) website
List
California state forests, List
California
State forests
State forests
Holmen is a station on the Røa Line (line 2) of the Oslo T-bane system. It is located between Makrellbekken and Hovseter and serves the neighbourhood of Holmen. The station is 6.1 km from Stortinget. Holmen was opened on 24 January 1935 when the line was completed to Røa. The station is at an altitude of 119.4 metres above sea level. The station is located in a mainly residential area.
The Oslo subway system has fought a battle against graffiti, and one of the incidents turned violent on 2 February 2007, when a subway driver was beaten by a vandal.
References
External links
Oslo Metro stations in Oslo
Railway stations opened in 1935
1935 establishments in Norway
Al-Mundhir ibn al-Ḥārith (), known in Greek sources as (Flavios) Alamoundaros (), was the king of the Ghassanid Arabs from 569 to circa 581. A son of Al-Harith ibn Jabalah, he succeeded his father both in the kingship over his tribe and as the chief of the Byzantine Empire's Arab clients and allies in the East, with the rank of patricius. Despite his victories over the rival Persian-backed Lakhmids, throughout Mundhir's reign his relations with Byzantium were lukewarm due to his staunch Miaphysitism. This led to a complete breakdown of the alliance in 572, after Mundhir discovered Byzantine plans to assassinate him. Relations were restored in 575 and Mundhir secured from the Byzantine emperor both recognition of his royal status and a pledge of tolerance towards the Miaphysite Church.
In 580 or 581, Mundhir participated in an unsuccessful campaign against the Persian capital, Ctesiphon, alongside the Byzantine general (and future emperor) Maurice. The failure of the campaign led to a quarrel between the two and Maurice accused Mundhir of treason. Byzantine agents captured Mundhir, who was brought to Constantinople but never faced trial. His arrest provoked an uprising among the Ghassanids under Mundhir's son al-Nu'man VI. When Maurice ascended the throne in 582, Mundhir was exiled to Sicily although, according to one source, he was allowed to return to his homeland after Maurice's overthrow in 602.
Mundhir was the last important Ghassanid ruler; in 584, the Byzantines would break up the Ghassanid federation. A capable and successful military leader, his rule also saw the strengthening of Miaphysitism and a cultural flowering among the Arabs under his rule.
Biography
Succession and early career
Mundhir was the son of al-Harith ibn Jabalah, ruler of the Ghassanid tribe and supreme phylarch of the Arab foederati in the eastern frontier of the Byzantine Empire. Situated on the southern flank of the frontier, the Ghassanids faced the Lakhmids, another powerful Arab tribe who were in turn the chief client of Byzantium's main antagonist, the Sassanid Persian Empire. Harith had been raised to the kingship and to the position of supreme phylarch by the Byzantine emperor Justinian I (r. 527–565), who wished thereby to create a strong counterpart to the Lakhmid rulers. Mundhir had been confirmed as his father's heir as early as 563, during the latter's visit to Constantinople, and succeeded after Harith's death in 569. It appears that Mundhir inherited his father's Byzantine titles one at a time, as they were not hereditary: the rank of patricius, the honorific appellation paneuphemos (most honorable) and the prestigious honorific gentilicium "Flavius", borne by the Byzantine emperors and consuls.
Soon after Harith's death, Ghassanid territory was attacked by Qabus ibn al-Mundhir, the new Lakhmid ruler, who sought to take advantage of the situation. Qabus's forces were repulsed and Mundhir invaded Lakhmid territory in turn, seizing much plunder. As he turned back, the Lakhmids again confronted the Ghassanid army, but suffered a heavy defeat. After this success, Mundhir wrote to the Byzantine emperor Justin II (r. 565–578) asking for gold for his men. This request reportedly angered Justin, who sent instructions to his local commander to lure the Ghassanid ruler into a trap and have him killed. But the letter fell into Mundhir's hands, who then severed his relations with the Empire and refused to commit his forces during the war with Persia that began in 572.
Return to Byzantine allegiance
As the Byzantines relied upon the Ghassanids to cover the approaches to Syria, Mundhir's withdrawal left a gap in the Byzantine southern flank, which persisted for three years until 575 when Mundhir returned to the Byzantine allegiance through the mediation of the general Justinian, who met Mundhir at Sergiopolis. Immediately after this reconciliation, Mundhir assembled an army in secret and launched an attack against Hirah, the Lakhmid capital, arguably the Arab world's largest, richest, and most culturally vibrant city at the time. The city was sacked, plundered, and put to the torch, except for the churches. According to John of Ephesus, Mundhir donated much of his booty from this expedition to monasteries and the poor. The same year, Mundhir visited Constantinople, where he was awarded a crown or diadem (stemma), marking the formal renewal of his role as Byzantium's chief Arab client-king.
The war with Persia was interrupted by a three-year truce agreed in 575. In 578, hostilities were renewed, but the sources on the period, fragmentary as they are, do not mention any Ghassanid participation for the first two years. In 580, Mundhir was invited by Emperor Tiberius II (r. 578–582) to visit the capital again. He arrived in the city on 8 February, accompanied by two of his sons, and was lavishly received. On this occasion, among a multitude of other gifts, he was also presented with a royal crown, instead of the simpler coronet or diadem he had been awarded before.
While at Constantinople, Mundhir received permission from the emperor to hold a Monophysite church council, which convened on 2 March 580. This council managed, albeit for a brief time, to reconcile the various factions and sects of the Monophysites. It was a goal towards which Mundhir had long striven, as when he intervened in the quarrel between Jacob Baradaeus and Paul the Black, the Monophysite patriarch of Antioch. Before leaving the imperial capital, the Ghassanid ruler also secured a pledge from the emperor that the persecutions of the Monophysites would cease. When he returned home, Mundhir discovered that the Lakhmids and Persians had used his absence to raid his domains. Gathering his forces, he fell upon their army, defeated them, and returned home laden with booty.
In the summer of 580 or 581, Mundhir went to Circesium on the river Euphrates, where he joined the Byzantine forces under the new magister militum per Orientem, Maurice, for a campaign deep into Persian territory. The combined force moved south along the river, accompanied by a fleet of ships. The allied army stormed the fortress of Anatha and moved on until it reached the region of Beth Aramaye in central Mesopotamia, near the Persian capital of Ctesiphon, but there they found the bridge over the Euphrates destroyed by the Persians. With any possibility of a march to Ctesiphon gone, they were forced to retreat, especially since at the same time the Persian commander Adarmahan had taken advantage of the Byzantine army's absence and was raiding freely in Osroene, where he sacked the provincial capital Edessa. The retreat was arduous for the exhausted army, and Maurice and Mundhir exchanged recriminations for the expedition's failure. Mundhir and Maurice cooperated however in forcing Adarmahan to withdraw, and defeated him at Callinicum. Upon returning to his lands, Mundhir learned that a combined Persian-Lakhmid force was preparing another attack against the Ghassanid realm. Immediately he set out to meet them, engaged their army and comprehensively defeated it, before going on to capture the enemy camp. It was to be his last victory.
Arrest and exile
Despite his successes, Mundhir was accused by Maurice of treason during the preceding campaign. Maurice claimed that Mundhir had revealed the Byzantine plan to the Persians, who then proceeded to destroy the bridge over the Euphrates. The chronicler John of Ephesus explicitly calls this assertion a lie, as the Byzantine intentions must have been plain to the Persian commanders. Both Maurice and Mundhir wrote letters to Emperor Tiberius, who tried to reconcile them. Finally, Maurice himself visited Constantinople, where he was able to persuade Tiberius of Mundhir's guilt. The charge of treason is almost universally dismissed by modern historians; Irfan Shahîd says that it probably had more to do with Maurice's dislike of the veteran and militarily successful Arab ruler. This was further compounded by the Byzantines' habitual distrust of the "barbarian" and supposedly innately traitorous Arabs, as well as by Mundhir's staunchly Monophysite faith.
Tiberius ordered Mundhir's arrest, and a trap was laid for the Ghassanid king: summoned to Constantinople to answer charges of treason, Mundhir chose his friend, the curator Magnus, as his advocate. Magnus was probably a Byzantine, hailing from Huwwarin (Evaria). There he had built a church, and he now called on Mundhir to join him and the patriarch of Antioch Gregory in the dedication ceremony. Mundhir arrived with only a small escort and was arrested by Byzantine troops stationed in secret at the location. He was transported to Constantinople, joined along the way by his wife and three of his children. At the capital, he was treated well by Tiberius, who allowed him a comfortable residence and a subsidy, but denied him an audience. Irfan Shahîd believes that this generous treatment, as well as the fact that he was not brought to trial for his supposed treason, indicate that Tiberius too did not believe the charges, but ordered the arrest chiefly to placate the strong anti-Monophysite faction in the imperial capital.
In the meantime, Mundhir's arrest provoked a revolt led by his four sons, especially the eldest, Nu'man, a man described by John of Ephesus as even more capable and warlike than his father. For two years, the Ghassanid army launched raids into the Byzantine provinces from their bases in the desert, even defeating and killing the Byzantine dux of Arabia in a battle at Bostra. Tiberius reacted by raising a Chalcedonian brother of Mundhir to the Ghassanid kingship. A large army with Magnus at its head was dispatched east to counter Nu'man and install his uncle as king. The latter was swiftly done, but the new king died after only twenty days. Magnus also had some success in subduing or subverting the allegiance of some minor Arab tribes away from the Ghassanids. Magnus died shortly before Tiberius's own death in August 582, and with Maurice's accession to the throne, Nu'man journeyed to Constantinople to achieve a reconciliation with Byzantium. Instead, he too was arrested, tried, and sentenced to death, quickly commuted to house arrest.
Mundhir remained in Constantinople until the death of Tiberius and the accession of Maurice, when he was exiled to Sicily. It is likely that he is the man Pope Gregory the Great mentioned as "Anamundarus" in 600, indicating that he was still alive at the time. A 13th-century Syriac chronicle further records that after Maurice's overthrow and murder in 602, Mundhir was allowed to return home.
Legacy
Mundhir in many ways continued in the footsteps of his father. He was a militarily successful ally of the Byzantines, especially against his fellow Arabs, the Lakhmid tribesmen, and secured Byzantium's southern flank and its political and commercial interests in Arabia proper. Despite his fervent dedication to Monophysitism, he remained loyal to Byzantium as the Christian state par excellence; as Irfan Shahîd comments, Mundhir's self-image may well have been that of a "sixth-century Odenathus fighting for the Christian Roman Empire, as his third-century predecessor had done for the pagan empire". Yet, in the end, his independent character and his role as the protector of the Monophysite Church led to his downfall and exile. In the overwhelmingly pro-Chalcedonian atmosphere of Tiberius's and Maurice's reigns, unlike his father Harith, who was protected by Empress Theodora's Monophysite leanings, Mundhir could not count on any influential support in Constantinople. Mundhir's arrest was followed after 584 by the dissolution of the Ghassanid federation into a number of smaller chiefdoms. This was a momentous event in the history of Byzantine-Arab relations: it destroyed Byzantium's "protective shield" against incursions from the Arabian desert, an error for which the Byzantines would pay dearly with the onset of the Muslim conquests. It was paralleled a few years later by the destruction of the Lakhmid kingdom at the hands of the Persians, opening a power vacuum in northern Arabia which the nascent Muslim state would later fill. On the other hand, the Muslim conquests, and before them the destructive thirty-year war with Persia, were still a long way off in 584, and the dissolution of the Ghassanid federation may be seen simply, according to the historian Michael Whitby, as the elimination of an "over-successful quasi-client neighbour", who threatened to become "too powerful for the good of its supposed patron".
The Ghassanids left an important cultural legacy as well. Their patronage of the Monophysite Syrian Church was crucial for its survival and revival, and even its spread, through missionary activities, south into Arabia. According to the historian Warwick Ball, the Ghassanids' promotion of a simpler and more rigidly monotheistic form of Christianity in a specifically Arab context can be said to have anticipated Islam. Ghassanid rule also brought a period of considerable prosperity for the Arabs on the eastern fringes of Syria, as evidenced by a spread of urbanization and the sponsorship of several churches, monasteries and other buildings. The surviving descriptions of the Ghassanid courts impart an image of luxury and an active cultural life, with patronage of the arts, music and especially Arab-language poetry. In the words of Ball, "the Ghassanid courts were the most important centres for Arabic poetry before the rise of the Caliphal courts under Islam", and their court culture, including their penchant for desert palaces like Qasr ibn Wardan, provided the model for the Umayyad caliphs and their court. Among the architectural remains from Mundhir's own reign are the castle of Dumayr and the so-called ecclesia extra muros (nowadays identified as Mundhir's own audience hall or praetorium) in Sergiopolis, where an inscription in Greek, celebrating Mundhir, survives. Sergiopolis (modern Rusafa) was a site of particular significance due to the popularity of the cult of Saint Sergius among the Arabs, and was also a focus of later Umayyad building activity.
References
Citations
Sources
6th-century Christians
7th-century Christians
6th-century Ghassanid kings
6th-century monarchs in the Middle East
7th-century deaths
Byzantine generals
Byzantine exiles
Ghassanid kings
Patricii
People of the Roman–Sasanian Wars
Year of birth unknown
6th-century Arabs
7th-century Arabs
Arab Christians
Azizi Johari (born August 24, 1948) is an American model and actress. She was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month in June 1975. Her centerfold was photographed by Ken Marcus.
Filmography
Body and Soul (1981) as Pussy Willow (uncredited)
Exit Sunset Boulevard (1980)
Seed of Innocence (1980) as Denise
Dreamer (1979) as Lady
The Killing of a Chinese Bookie (1976) as Rachel
The Six Million Dollar Man, episode "Clark Templeton O'Flaherty" (1975) as Girl
Rocky (1976) as Ring girl
Richard Pryor TV Special featured as "BLACKBERRY"
Redd Foxx TV Special
Popular culture
Johari is featured on an LP by Leon Ware entitled Musical Massage (1976). She appears naked and reclining with her head and knees on the floor with a pair of male hands on her back.
She is the featured shot on an LP by Sun called Live On, Dream On (1976). Featured on "Wanna Make Love, Come Flickr My Bic". It was reproduced into a Classic Poster.
With her hair styled in an Afro, Johari modeled for a poster entitled "Supernatural Dreams". This poster can be seen in the movie The Shining (1980), when Dick Halloran (Scatman Corothers) is lying in bed, watching television.
She appears in the 1987 video game Dungeon Master as Azizi, a female playable character.
See also
List of people in Playboy 1970–1979
References
External links
1970s Playboy Playmates
African-American Playboy Playmates
African-American female models
1948 births
Living people
Actresses from New York City
Actresses from Seattle
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Berçinçatak is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The is a historic Japanese distance marker akin to a milestone, comprising a pair of earthen mounds located in what is now the Shinzaike neighborhood of the city of Wakayama, Wakayama Prefecture, in the Kansai region of Japan. It was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1940.
Overview
During the Edo period Tokugawa shogunate established ichirizuka on major roads, enabling calculation both of distance travelled and of the charge for transportation by kago or palanquin. These mounds, denoted the distance in ri () to Nihonbashi, the "Bridge of Japan", erected in Edo in 1603. Since the Meiji period, most of the ichirizuka have disappeared, having been destroyed by then elements, modern highway construction and urban encroachment. In 1876, the "Ichirizuka Abolition" decree was issued by the Meiji government and many were demolished at that time. Currently, 17 surviving ichirizuka are designated as national historic sites.
The Shikagō ishirizuka was not located on one of the major historic highways, bu was built one ri from Kyobashi over the outer moat of Wakayama Castle (currently the Ichihori River). In 1615 when Tokugawa Yorinobu became daimyō of Kishū Domain, he rebuilt Wakayama Castle and the surrounding castle town. The main road which he would use for making his sankin kōtai processions to the Shogun's court in Edo was lined with pine trees on either side for some distance from the castle, and at the one ri point, these ishirizuka were built. When he and his successors travelled to Edo, it was up to this point that the various domains officials who would be remaining behind in Wakayama would accompany him, and when he returned to Wakayama from Edo, it was at this point that the officials would assemble to greet him on his safe return.
An archaeological excavation was conducted in 1981 which determined that the size of the ichirizuka is about 50 square meters in base area and 2.7 meters in height on the north side, and about 40 square meters and 1.8 meters high on the south side.
The Shikagō ichirizuka is a 15-minute walk from Kii-Nakanoshima Station on the JR West Hanwa Line.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Wakayama)
References
External links
Cultural Properties of Wakayama City
Edo period
Historic Sites of Japan
Wakayama (city)
Ichirizuka
Kay Williamson (January 26, 1935, Hereford, United Kingdom – January 3, 2005, Brazil), born Ruth Margaret Williamson, was a linguist who specialised in the study of African languages, particularly those of the Niger Delta in Nigeria, where she lived for nearly fifty years. She has been called "The Mother of Nigerian Linguistics" and is also notable for proposing the Pan-Nigerian alphabet.
Early life
Professor Kay Williamson was born in Hereford, England, where she lived for the first 18 years of her life. She was the eldest of six children. Her father, Alfred Henry Williamson, also known as Harry, was the founder of Wyevale Nurseries. Her father and mother, Harriett Eileen Williamson, turned the Wyevale nurseries into one of the largest garden center chains in Europe. Williamson was educated at Hereford girls' high school and St Hilda's College, Oxford, where she took a BA in English in 1956, followed by an MA in 1960.
Career
Her many publications include a grammar and dictionary of the Ijo language, a dictionary of Igbo and numerous articles on diverse topics.
Kay Williamson was known for her concern for social responsibility in linguistics. She was totally convinced that a linguist must help speakers of the languages of her research to produce texts in their languages. She devoted a substantial part of her time to the Rivers Readers Project, an exercise designed to introduce reading and writing in primary schools in about 20 dialects or languages in the predominantly Ijo-speaking area. As a byproduct, several books (including primers, readers, teachers' notes, spelling manuals, and collection of folk-tales) were compiled by Williamson and her collaborators.
In 2002, she was appointed UNESCO Professor of Cultural Heritage, University of Port Harcourt, a position she held until her death.
Her unpublished work is being edited by Roger Blench.
Later life
Williamson was brought up as a Methodist but became a Quaker in the early 1990s, and subsequently took peace activism very seriously.
She died at the age of 69 in Brazil on the 3rd of January 2005.
Major publications
Williamson, Kay. 1965 (2nd ed. 1969). A grammar of the Kolokuma dialect of Ịjọ. (West African Language Monographs, 2.) London: Cambridge University Press 2011:
Williamson, Kay, and Kiyoshi Shimizu (edd.). 1968. Benue-Congo comparative wordlist: Volume I. Ibadan: West African Linguistic Society.
Williamson, Kay (ed.) 1972. Igbo-English dictionary. Benin: Ethiope Publishing Corporation.
Williamson, Kay (ed.). 1973. Benue-Congo comparative wordlist: Volume II. Ibadan: West African Linguistic Society.
Williamson, Kay (ed.) 1983. Orthographies of Nigerian languages: Manual II. Lagos: National Language Centre, Federal Ministry of Education.
Williamson, Kay, and A. O. Timitimi (edd.). 1983. Short Ịzọn-English dictionary. (Delta Series No. 3.) Port Harcourt: University of Port Harcourt Press. ,
Williamson, Kay. 1984. Practical orthography in Nigeria. Ibadan: Heinemann Educational Books.
Williamson, Kay. 1971. "The Benue-Congo languages and Ịjọ". In: Current Trends in Linguistics, Vol. 7, series ed. by T. A. Sebeok, 245-306.
Williamson, Kay. 1979. "Small languages in primary education: the Rivers Readers Project as a case history". African Languages/Langues Africaines 5:2.95-l05.
Williamson, Kay. 1989. "Niger-Congo Overview". In: The Niger-Congo languages, ed. by John Bendor-Samuel, 3-45. University Press of America.
Williamson, Kay. 1989. "Benue-Congo Overview". In: The Niger-Congo languages, ed. by John Bendor-Samuel, 246-274. University Press of America.
Williamson, Kay, and Roger Blench. 2000. "Niger-Congo". In: African languages: an introduction, ed. B. Heine and D. Nurse, Chapter 2, 11-42. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
References
External links
Linguists from the United Kingdom
Women linguists
People from Hereford
1935 births
2005 deaths
Linguists of Niger–Congo languages
University of Port Harcourt faculty
Writers from Port Harcourt
British women academics
Educators from Rivers State
Yale University alumni
Alumni of St Hilda's College, Oxford
20th-century linguists
The 1938 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1938 college football season. Spike Nelson took over as head coach after the sudden resignation of Ralph Sasse. Nelson instituted new cardinal and gold uniforms, rather than the traditional maroon and white, upsetting fans and alumni. Nelson also proved unpopular with players and was not retained after the season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1977.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
20 May - Katrin Pärn, actress
8 December - Maarja Jakobson, actress
Deaths
The 2000 European Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between 21 and 23 January 2000 in Bormio, Italy.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men's events
Women's events
Participating nations
(4/4)
(4/0)
(0/2)
(4/4)
(1/2)
(0/1)
(4/1)
(4/2)
(4/4)
(4/1)
(1/1)
(5/5)
(2/0)
(4/4)
(1/0)
(1/0)
(1/2)
(4/4)
(4/0)
(1/1)
(1/0)
(2/4)
See also
Short track speed skating
European Short Track Speed Skating Championships
External links
Detailed results
Results overview
European Short Track Speed Skating Championships
European Short Track Speed Skating Championships
European
European Short Track Speed Skating Championships
Kler Çaku (born 4 April 2010) is an Albanian chess player.
Career
She won the 2021 Albanian Women's Chess Championship, aged 11, finishing half a point ahead of previous champion Eglantina Shabanaj.
She is an Arena International Master. In February 2021 she was a winner of the Worldwide Junior Chess Festival, held on the Lichess platform.
In July 2021 Çaku won the online tournament “Rudaga-Kaissa 2021” in the Girls U12 category.
In July 2022, the European Youth Blitz Champions were crowned in Thessaloniki, and Kler Çaku finished the event in the third place with 12 points.
References
Albanian female chess players
2010 births
Living people
Stake, formerly known as Steak Number Eight, is a post-metal/sludge metal band based in Wevelgem, Belgium. Their music is a combination of post-rock and sludge metal, and is influenced by bands like Pelican, Isis, Sunn O))) and Amenra.
Career
In 2007 they won a local contest named Westtalent. A few months later, in March 2008, the band won Humo's Rock Rally. With an average age of 15.5 they were the youngest band in the history of this contest. Shortly after this victory a home recorded album When the Candle Dies Out... was released.
In March 2011 the band released their second album All is Chaos produced by Mario Goossens and mixed by Matt Bayles. The album received overwhelmingly positive feedback and was later released in 2012 in the UK by Metal Hammer, who then added the band to their Razor Tour at the end of the year. In March and April their third album, The Hutch, was released across Europe. One week before its Belgian release, De Standaard posted an online stream of the full album.
In 2018, they changed their name to Stake.
Discography
When the Candle Dies Out... (2008)
All is Chaos (2011)
The Hutch (2013)
Kosmokoma (2015)
Critical Method (2019)
LOVE, DEATH and DECAY (2022)
References
External links
Official website
Belgian heavy metal musical groups
Sludge metal musical groups
Belgian post-rock groups
Musical groups established in 2004
PIAS Recordings artists
The Haunted Drum () is a 2007 Thai horror drama film directed by Nuttapeera Shomsri () and Sarunya Noithai ().
Plot
Ping wishes to become a musician like his parents. He becomes a student of Master Duang, a famous master musician. Master Duang owned the mysterious drum called poeng mang, which is said to have been made by the skin of a beautiful woman named Thip. Ping falls in love with a beautiful girl who teaches him how to master drum skills but she is in fact the ghost living inside the drum. Meanwhile, an arrogant musician called Muan tries to convince all the students to leave Master Duang to join the band of a greedy provincial deputy. Some students die horribly. Even if Muan is defeated by Ping during a drum contest, things get worse and the drum becomes not only an instrument of music but also an instrument of death.
It is revealed that Thip offered herself as sacrifice to create the drum and has been acting as the guardian spirit of the drum ever since. When the deputy tried to steal the sacred drum, he and his men are killed by Thip and he himself is dragged to hell by those that cursed by the drum for his sacrilege. Ping reads the letter from Master Duang with the instruction of an incantation to free the spirit of Thip. Decades later, Ping succeed Master Duang and the academy. One day, during a performance, he sees the vision of Thip and dies, reuniting her at last in the afterlife.
Release
Home media
The Haunted Drum became available on Toku on 8 April 2017 and as VOD through Amazon Prime Video.
See also
List of Thai films
References
Further reading
Horrornews review
Thistooismeaningless review
24framespersecond review
Thai Film Journal blog
External links
Official website ()
เปิงมาง กลองผีหนังมนุษย์ – Perng Mang The Haunted Drum at Siam Zone ()
Perng Mang : The Haunted Drum at Cinando
2007 films
2007 horror films
Thai horror films
Thai-language films
James Wemyss (23 February 1726 – 10 May 1786) was a Scottish naval officer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1763 to 1784.
Early life
Wemyss was born on 23 February 1726. Wemyss was the third and youngest son of James Wemyss, 5th Earl of Wemyss by his wife Janet Charteris. Wemyss was educated in Edinburgh.
His eldest brother, David, Lord Elcho, was attainted in 1746, and his other older brother, Francis, adopted the name Charteris as heir to their maternal grandfather Francis Charteris, a Scottish soldier and adventurer who earned a substantial sum of money through gambling and the South Sea Bubble. Therefore, James was named heir to the Wemyss estates, including Wemyss Castle, by a new entail of 31 July 1750. The 5th Earl of Wemyss died in 1756.
Career
Wemyss served in the British Navy, as a Midshipman R.N. 1741; was promoted to Lieutenant in 1745. However, his progress was slow, and soon after succeeding to the Wemyss estates, his brother Francis wrote to him urging him to quit the navy, establish himself at Wemyss Castle and marry. On 12 January 1757, Lord Temple refused his promotion request and Wemyss resigned his commission. In 1759, his friend, Richard Kempenfelt, wrote to him "The navy should not have neglected you, nor you it. Possessed of every quality to shine conspicuous, why should you shade yourself in peace when your country, when all Europe, is as in a blaze of arms?"
Wemyss was Member of Parliament for Fife from 1763 to 1768 and for Sutherland from 1768 to 1784, when he was succeeded by his son.
Personal life
On 29 August 1757, James Wemyss was married to his half-cousin Lady Elizabeth Sutherland (d. 1803), the only daughter of William Sutherland, 17th Earl of Sutherland by his wife Lady Elizabeth Wemyss, daughter of David Wemyss, 4th Earl of Wemyss. Their children included:
Elizabeth Margaret Wemyss (d. 1800), who married MP Alexander Brodie, son of James Brodie, Sheriff of Elgin.
William Wemyss (1760–1822), a soldier and MP who married Frances Erskine, daughter of Sir William Erskine, 1st Baronet.
James Wemyss (1778–1849), who married Caroline Charlotte Binfield, daughter of Reverend Henry Binfield.
Wemyss died on 10 May 1786. His widow lived nearly another seventeen years until her death on 24 January 1803.
Descendants
Elizabeth Margaret was the mother of Elizabeth Gordon, Duchess of Gordon. Through his son William, he was the grandfather of Frances Wemyss (1794–1858), who married James St Clair-Erskine, 3rd Earl of Rosslyn; Rear-Admiral James Erskine Wemyss (1789–1854); Lieutenant-General William Wemyss (1790–1852); and Clementina Wemyss (1805–1834), who married with James Dewar, Chief Justice of The Supreme Court, Bombay.
References
1726 births
1786 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Scottish constituencies
Younger sons of earls
British MPs 1761–1768
British MPs 1768–1774
British MPs 1774–1780
British MPs 1780–1784
Royal Navy officers
Opposition Deputy Chief Whip is a position in the Opposition Frontbench in the House of Lords. The office holder tends to be shared by two separate members, each responsible for supervising whips in the chamber and reporting to the Leader and Chief Whip. As is the custom in the Lords, the officeholder is acts as a spokesperson, as well as their duties as a Whip. It is currently held by Labour Peer Denis Tunnicliffe (Defence).
House of Lords
Official Opposition (United Kingdom)
Oswald George Nelson (March 20, 1906 – June 3, 1975) was an American actor, director, producer, screenwriter, musician, composer, conductor and bandleader. He originated and starred in The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet, a radio and television series with his wife Harriet and two sons David and Ricky Nelson.
Early life
Nelson was born March 20, 1906 in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States. He was the second son of Ethel Irene (née Orr) and George Waldemar Nelson. His paternal grandparents were Swedish and his mother was of English descent. Nelson was raised in Ridgefield Park where he was active in Scouting, earning the rank of Eagle Scout at age 13. He played football at Ridgefield Park High School as well as during his college years at Rutgers University. He was a member of the Cap and Skull fraternity. He graduated from Rutgers University with a bachelor's degree and earned a law degree from Rutgers School of Law, Newark, New Jersey, in 1930. Nelson was made a doctor of humane letters by Rutgers University in 1957. As a student he made pocket money playing saxophone in a band and coaching football. Nelson was rejected to be the vocalist for the Rutgers Jazz Bandits, led by Scrappy Lambert and later Hawley Ades. Nelson was not discouraged and was gracious about this rejection when he met Ades years later. During the Depression, he turned to music as a full-time career.
Career
Music
Nelson started his entertainment career as a band leader. He formed and led The Ozzie Nelson Band, and had some initial limited success. Nelson made his own "big break" in 1930, when The New York Daily Mirror ran a poll of its readers to determine their favorite band. Since he knew that news vendors got credit from the newspaper for unsold copies by returning the front page and discarding the rest of the issue, he cannily had his band's members gather hundreds of discarded newspapers and fill out ballots in their own favor. They edged out Paul Whiteman and were pronounced the winners.
From 1930 through the 1940s, Nelson's band recorded prolifically—first on Brunswick (1930–1933), then Vocalion (1933–1934), then back to Brunswick (1934–1936), Bluebird (1937–1941), Victor (1941), and finally back to Bluebird (1941 through the 1940s). Nelson's records were consistently popular, and in 1934, Nelson enjoyed success with his hit song, "Over Somebody Else's Shoulder," which he introduced. Nelson's primary vocalist was Rose Anne Stevens, who appeared in the 1942 movie Down Rio Grande Way and Tomorrow We Live. Later in his big band career, Harriet Hilliard replaced Stevens, after the latter's marriage to Colonel Weller. Nelson's calm, easy vocal style was popular on records and radio and quite similar to son Rick's voice, Eric Hilliard ("Ricky") and Harriet's perky vocals added to the band's popularity.
In 1935, "Ozzie Nelson and His Orchestra," as they were being called, had a number one hit with "And Then Some", which was number one for one week on the U.S. pop singles chart. Nelson wrote and composed several songs, including "Wave the Stick Blues", "Subway", "Jersey Jive", "Swingin' on the Golden Gate", and "Central Avenue Shuffle".
In October 1935, he married the band's vocalist Harriet Hilliard. The couple had two children: the older, David (1936–2011), became an actor and director, and the younger, Eric Hilliard ("Ricky") (1940–1985), became an actor and singer.
Films
Ozzie Nelson appeared with his band in feature films and short subjects of the 1940s, and often played speaking parts, displaying a tongue-in-cheek sense of humor, as in the 1942 musical Strictly in the Groove. He shrewdly promoted the band by agreeing to appear in "soundies," three-minute musical movies shown in "film jukeboxes" of the 1940s. In 1952, when he and his family were established as radio and TV favorites, they starred in a feature film, Here Come the Nelsons, which served as the "pilot" for the TV series.
Radio and television
In the 1940s, Nelson began to look for a way to spend more time with his family, especially his growing sons. Besides band appearances, he and Harriet had been regulars on The Raleigh Cigarette Program, Red Skelton's radio show. Nelson developed and produced his own radio series, The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet. The show originally aired in 1944, with their sons played by actors until 1949. In 1952 it moved to television, where David and Ricky appeared on camera. The radio version continued for another two years, and the last television episode aired in 1966.
The TV show starred the entire family, as America watched Ozzie and Harriet raise their boys. Nelson was producer and director of most of the episodes, and he co-wrote many of them. Nelson's brother, Don Nelson, was also one of the writers. Ozzie was hands-on, involved with every aspect of both radio and TV programs. It is notable that throughout the 1950's, Ozzie's prior bandleading career and Harriet's singing, acting, and dancing careers were seldom mentioned. The younger audience would have had no idea that Ozzie and Harriet had previously been involved in music.
Nelson appeared as a guest panelist on the June 9, 1957, episode of What's My Line?
His last television show, in the fall of 1973, was Ozzie's Girls, which lasted for a year in first-run syndication. The premise involved Ozzie and Harriet renting their sons' former room to two college girls—actresses Brenda Sykes and Susan Sennett—and portrayed the Nelsons' efforts at adjusting to living with two young women after raising two sons.
For his contribution to the television industry, Ozzie Nelson has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6555 Hollywood Boulevard. He has an additional star with his wife at 6260 Hollywood Boulevard for their contribution to radio.
Personal life
He married band singer Harriet Hilliard in 1935. They had two sons, David (born in 1936) and Eric (known as Ricky, born in 1940). The couple remained married until Ozzie's death in 1975. His grandchildren include actress Tracy Nelson and musicians Matthew Nelson and Gunnar Nelson. He was also the former father-in-law of Kristin Harmon and June Blair.
Cultural historians have noted that the on-screen laid-back character was very different from the real-life Ozzie Nelson, who has been characterized as an authoritarian figure who monitored every aspect of his children's lives. In 1998, A&E broadcast a documentary entitled Ozzie and Harriet: The Adventures of America's Favorite Family, which depicted Ozzie Nelson as a dictatorial personality who "thwarted his sons, preventing them from attending college and reminding them that they were obliged to work on television". Author David Halberstam has written, "the Nelsons arguably were a dysfunctional family. In real life, Ozzie was a workaholic who stole his sons' childhood (by having them grow up in show business)".
In 1973, Ozzie Nelson published his autobiography, Ozzie, (Prentice Hall, 1973, ).
Death
Nelson suffered from recurring malignant tumors in his later years, and eventually succumbed to liver cancer. He died at his home in the San Fernando Valley on June 3, 1975, with his wife and sons at his bedside.
Services were held at the Church of the Hills at Forest Lawn, Hollywood Hills, California on Friday, June 6. He is interred with his wife and son Ricky in the Forest Lawn – Hollywood Hills Cemetery in Los Angeles, California.
When his elder son David died in 2011, he was cremated, having chosen a niche in Westwood Memorial Park's outdoor Garden of Serenity columbarium rather than interment in the Nelson family plot.
Selected filmography
References
External links
Ozzie Nelson recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings.
Museum of Broadcast Communications: Ozzie and Harriet Nelson (archived)
The Ozzie and Harriet Nelson Papers, at the University of Wyoming - American Heritage Center
1906 births
1975 deaths
20th-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male radio actors
American male television actors
American people of English descent
American people of Swedish descent
American television directors
Big band bandleaders
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills)
Deaths from cancer in California
Deaths from liver cancer
Male actors from Jersey City, New Jersey
People from Ridgefield Park, New Jersey
Ridgefield Park High School alumni
Rutgers Scarlet Knights football players
Rutgers School of Law–Newark alumni
Rutgers University alumni
Swing saxophonists
20th-century American businesspeople
Film directors from New Jersey
20th-century saxophonists
Television producers from New Jersey
Chandrika Devi Temple is a sacred temple of one of the many forms of Hindu Mother Goddess Durga in the city of Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is a prominent pilgrimage site for locals and Interstate. It is also a tourist destination for the people of adjoining cities and rural folks.
History
It is situated on the bank of river Gomti at the north-west of National Highway No.24 (Lucknow-Sitapur Road) in Kathwara village, near Bakshi ka talab, Lucknow City. This temple is 300 years old and is well known for the deity Chandrika Devi - a form of Goddess Durga. Located in a natural environment encircled by river Gomti at north, west and south side, it is around 28 km away from the main city of Lucknow. It is about 45 km away from Lucknow Airport. This place and nearby areas have relevance and religious significance since the time of the Ramayana. It is also called Mahi Sagar Teerth. There is mention of this temple in the holy books of Skand and Karma Puran.
It is said that elder son of Shri Lakshmana - the founder of Lucknow, Rajkumar Chandraketu, was once passing with Ashwamegh Horse through Gomti. In the way, it became dark and hence he had to take rest in the then dense forest. He prayed Goddess for safety. Within a moment there was cool moon light and the Goddess appeared before him and assured him. It is said that a grand temple established here during that era was destroyed in 12th century by foreign invaders. It is also said that around 250 years back some nearby villagers, while roaming in the forests, located this beautiful place- which was hidden with dense forests. Next day, a villager could locate the statue of Devi and it was placed at the present place. Later on, a temple was constructed and since then people continued to visit this temple and offer 'Pooja' after knowing the appearance of Ma Chandrika Devi. This place is also known as Mahi Sagar Teerth.
It is also said that in Dvapara Yuga God Shri Krishna advised Barbreek, son of Ghatotkach, about the Tirth for acquiring power. Barbreek worshiped Ma Chandrika Devi for continuous 3 years at this place.
On the eve of Amavasya and Navratras, a lot of religious activities in the temple and around the temple premises are held. People from different parts of the State, come here for Hawan (Yagya), Mundan (total hair-cut). In addition, during these days, Kirtans, satsang (religious meetings) are also held.
It also said that Chandrika (jewelry worn by women on head) part of devi sati fell here.
References
Temples in Lucknow
Hindu temples in Uttar Pradesh
Goudie Sougouna is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 267 square kilometers and includes 6 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 8,303. The village of Sanguela, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 57 km southeast of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Cross Country is the 14th novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson. According to the Library Journal it was the second most borrowed fiction book in United States libraries in 2009.
Plot
An African warlord known as the Tiger, aided by his crew of angry young men, horrifically murders author Eleanor 'Ellie' Cox and her entire family. Alex Cross and girlfriend Bree Stone go investigate, when Alex recalls Ellie had been his one time girlfriend, whom he had loved at one point. He is instantly terrified by this so much he gets no sleep, does no work for the case, and stays up late at night, sitting in his bed. He then figures out the Tiger's next murder, and arrives on time to stop the Tiger and his gang of kids, where most of the villains escape including the Tiger and most of his gang. After gaining access from the CIA he plans on going to Nigeria, where he hopes to find and stop the Tiger, using the knowledge based on the Tiger's whereabouts. After convincing a bitter Nanna and nervous Bree, he goes on a plane trip to Nigeria, where he is annoyed by their customs. He is then kidnapped by 'cops' and put in jail, where his nose is broken, he is horribly injured, and starves as well as having to deal with no water. After nearly three days or more, he is bailed out by American Ian Flaherty who gives Cross advice to flee while he still can. He is then called by Bree who says there has been another murder by the Tiger.
Instead of listening to Flaherty, Cross instead goes to Sierra Leone, where he meets veteran and amputee, Moses, who feeds him and gives him water. Later that night, Cross, when alone by himself, is ambushed by the Tiger's gang, however, he escapes with Moses' help and buys a truck which he later gives to Moses. Father Bombata, a priest whom he met during the plane ride to Nigeria, informs him his cousin, Addane Tansi, may be able to help Alex, who meets Addane, a reporter who had, unbeknownst to Alex, befriended Ellie, who had gone to Nigeria some time before her death. Addane introduces Alex to her family and shares a kiss with him, which he refuses to think of because of Bree; Flaherty later reveals that the Tiger's real name is Abidemi Sowande. Alex and Addane go to a hobo camp where they are attacked by Janjaweed, ruthless men who rape, injure, and kill women and children. After barely escaping due to the 'Peacekeepers' who only do it so they gain no bad publicity, especially by Addane. After returning to Nigeria, Cross and Addane discover that Addane's family have been murdered. When trying to get closer, Cross and Addane are taken to jail by cops. Alex witnesses Addane get murdered by Tiger after being raped, and is released afterwards.
Heading home, he learns that Alex's family have been kidnapped by the Tiger, who then gives Alex coordinates to the hideout. Alex, Bree, and John Sampson go and defeat the Tiger's gang, while Alex follows Sowande (Tiger). Alex kills the Tiger. Ian Flaherty is revealed to be working with Sownande and is arrested. Shortly afterward, his family are found; Alex instantly thinks the CIA might have worked with the Tiger. Alex calls upon Merrill Snyder and Steven Millard, from the CIA, and arrests them, after discovering they and Flaherty were associated with Tiger. The book ends as Alex gets an alarming phone call from Kyle Craig, who has escaped from prison and wants revenge on Alex Cross after the events in the previous book.
Sequels
A sequel was released on August 29, 2009, entitled Alex Cross' Trial and was followed by six others featuring Cross, I, Alex Cross, Cross Fire, Kill Alex Cross, Merry Christmas, Alex Cross, Alex Cross, Run and Cross My Heart.
Reception
The novel has received a mostly negative response, and maintains a 2.5 rating (out of a possible five) on Amazon.com. Several critics have attacked the story's graphic scenes of violence and torture, and also claim that the prose style is of a very low standard. However, Fantastic Fiction thought that Cross Country "[is] The most heart-stopping, speed-charged, electrifying Alex Cross thriller yet." BestsellrrsWorld wrote, "Intense, suspensful, emotionally charged. . . One of Paterson's best novels to date." The book was a #1 New York Times Bestseller for many weeks and was a #1 in both Publisher and Entertainment Weekly, and #2 in the Wall Street Journal.
References
2008 American novels
Alex Cross (novel series)
Novels set in Africa
Little, Brown and Company books
The Cabin at the End of the World is a horror novel by American writer Paul Tremblay. The novel won the Horror Writers Association's Bram Stoker Award for Novel in 2019.
Plot
A gay couple named Andrew and Eric and their adopted daughter, Wen, are taking a vacation in a secluded cabin in New Hampshire. Their dwelling is invaded by four strangers named Redmond, Leonard, Sabrina, and Adriane who take the family captive and tell them that, to prevent the upcoming apocalypse, one of them must be killed by the others.
Reception
Author Stephen King wrote that the novel was "thought-provoking and terrifying". Andrew Liptak of The Verge wrote, "Good horror stories look at the world around us to draw inspiration as to what could go wrong, and with this book, Tremblay has penned a story that's not only a nightmare as it plays out on the page, but one that's grimly reflective of the times that we live in."
Film adaptation
Knock at the Cabin is an adaptation of The Cabin at the End of the World. It was written, directed, and produced by M. Night Shyamalan, and stars Dave Bautista, Rupert Grint, Nikki Amuka-Bird, Ben Aldridge, and Jonathan Groff. FilmNation Entertainment signed an option with Tremblay in late 2017, prior to the book's publication. Steve Desmond and Michael Sherman wrote the initial draft, and their script was rewritten by Shyamalan. The film is scheduled to be released by Universal Pictures on February 3, 2023.
References
2018 American novels
American horror novels
American LGBT novels
Novels by Paul Tremblay
Novels set in New Hampshire
Bram Stoker Award for Novel winners
The 2011 Jeff Byrd 500 presented by Food City was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race that was held on March 20, 2011, at Bristol Motor Speedway in Bristol, Tennessee. Contested over 500 laps, it was the fourth race of the 2011 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. The race was won by Kyle Busch, for the Joe Gibbs Racing team. Carl Edwards finished second, and Jimmie Johnson clinched third.
There were ten cautions and 17 lead changes among eight different drivers throughout the course of the race. It was Busch's first win of the 2011 season, and the 20th of his career.
Report
Background
As a tribute to the late president of the Speedway who died in 2010, longtime race title sponsor K-VA-T Food City, which celebrated the 20th year of race sponsorship in 2011 (as of 2013, the longest continuous sponsorship deal in NASCAR for a race), named the race in his memory, henceforth the Jeff Byrd 500 presented by Food City.
The track, Bristol Motor Speedway, is one of five short tracks to hold NASCAR races, the others being Richmond International Raceway, Dover International Speedway, Martinsville Speedway, and Phoenix International Raceway. The standard track at Bristol Motor Speedway is a four-turn short track oval that is long. The track's turns are banked from twenty-four to thirty degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, is banked from six to ten degrees. The backstretch also has banking from six to ten degrees.
Before the race, Tony Stewart was leading the Drivers' Championship with 113 points, tied with Kyle Busch in second. Carl Edwards and Juan Pablo Montoya followed in third and fourth with 106 points, three ahead of Ryan Newman and ten ahead of Paul Menard in fifth and sixth. Martin Truex Jr. in seventh had 95, the same number of points as Denny Hamlin in eighth. They were one point ahead of A. J. Allmendinger in ninth, while Dale Earnhardt Jr. was tenth with 91. In the Manufacturers' Championship, Ford was leading with 21 points, three ahead of Toyota in second. Chevrolet was placed in third with 16 points, while Dodge followed with 11. Jimmie Johnson was the race's defending winner from 2010.
Practice and qualifying
Three practice sessions were held before the race; the first on Friday, which lasted 90 minutes. The second and third were both on Saturday afternoon, and lasted 45 minutes each. Edwards was quickest with a time of 14.912 seconds in the first session, 0.076 seconds faster than Johnson. Greg Biffle was just off Johnson's pace, followed by Kasey Kahne, Menard, and David Ragan. Kyle Busch was seventh, still within a second of Edwards' time.
Forty-four cars were entered for qualifying, but only forty-three could qualify for the race because of NASCAR's qualifying procedure. Edwards clinched the 9th pole position of his career, with a time of 14.989 seconds. He was joined on the front row of the grid by Biffle. Regan Smith qualified third, Menard took fourth, and Ragan started fifth. Johnson, Jeff Gordon, Truex, Mark Martin and Kahne rounded out the top ten. The driver that failed to qualify for the race was Ken Schrader. Once the qualifying session concluded, Edwards stated, "I'm enjoying this. I'm having fun. I'm hoping it lasts, and I'm going to keep driving the way I'm driving until we win a championship, or this car won't go as fast."
In the second practice session, Stewart was fastest with a time of 15.364 seconds, more than six hundredths of a second quicker than second-placed Reutimann. Martin took third place, ahead of Jamie McMurray, Kurt Busch and Jeff Burton. In the third and final practice, Martin was quickest with a time of 15.472 seconds. Brian Vickers followed in second, ahead of Hamlin and Joey Logano. Stewart, who was first in the second practice, was fifth quickest, with a time of 15.570 seconds. Montoya, Gordon, Truex, Menard, and Kurt Busch rounded out the first ten positions.
Race
The race, the fourth of the season, began at 1:00 p.m. EDT and was televised live in the United States on Fox. The conditions on the grid were dry before the race, the air temperature at ; mostly cloudy skies were expected. Mike Rife, reverend of the Vansant Church of Christ, began pre-race ceremonies with the invocation. Actor and country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus performed the national anthem, while Claudia Byrd, Christian Byrd and Belton Caldwell gave the command for drivers to start their engines.
Results
Qualifying
Race results
Standings after the race
Note: Only the top five positions are included for the driver standings.
References
Jeff Byrd 500
Jeff Byrd 500
NASCAR races at Bristol Motor Speedway
March 2011 sports events in the United States
The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives (CCPA) is an independent think tank in Canada. It has been described as "left leaning".
The CCPA concentrates on economic policy, international trade, environmental justice and social policy. It is especially known for publishing an alternative federal budget on an annual basis. The centre is based in Ottawa but has branch offices in Vancouver, Winnipeg, Regina, Toronto and Halifax. It is funded primarily through individual donations, research grants, and trade unions.
History
The CCPA was founded in Ottawa in 1980 by a group of university professors and union activists. Many of the those first involved with the CCPA's founding wanted to use it to counter the neoliberal consensus that was emerging during this period. Following its formation, the centre began organizing conferences, publishing pamphlets, and producing booklets and reports created by volunteer researchers.
The organization ran into financial difficulties in the late 1980s due to inadequate funding. However, it was able to successfully lobby trade unions and other NGOs in the early 1990s to take out memberships. In 1994, the centre's capacities expanded further when it increased membership outreach to individual donors. It then went on to set up provincial offices across the country. By 2002, it had established offices in British Columbia, Manitoba, Nova Scotia, and Saskatchewan.
Projects and initiatives
Alternative federal budget
In 1995, the CCPA published its first alternative federal budget (AFB) with the Winnipeg-based CHO!CES. The AFB has since become the centre's signature initiative. The AFB is a collaborative project that includes inputs from various civil society groups from across the country. It typically contains about 20 chapters that are each written by field experts and reviewed in consultation with other researchers and advocates.
The Monitor
In 1994, the CCPA launched The Monitor, which continues to serve as the organization's regularly-published flagship magazine that complies analyses conducted by their researchers and affiliates.
Canada Revenue Agency political audit of CCPA
In 2012, the Canada Revenue Agency launched a $13.4-million program through which it undertook a political audit of 52 charities, including the CCPA, "to determine whether any [were] violating a rule that limits their spending on political activities to 10 per cent of resources". In 2014, the CRA claimed on its website that the CCPA appeared to be "biased" and "one-sided." In an open letter, 400 academics called for a moratorium on the CCPA audit, claiming that this is an attempt by the Conservative Party of Canada government to "intimidate, muzzle and silence its critics". Canada's most prominent market-oriented think tanks, the C. D. Howe Institute and the Macdonald–Laurier Institute, were not audited.
See also
Ed Finn
Kate McInturff
Jim Stanford
Citations
References
External links
The Monitor – bimonthly CCPA publication
Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives – Canadian Political Parties and Political Interest Groups – Web Archive created by the University of Toronto Libraries
Policy.ca - Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives Organization Profile
Political and economic think tanks based in Canada
1980 establishments in Ontario
Think tanks established in 1980
Organizations based in Ottawa
Brosmophycinae is a subfamily of the viviparous brotulas. They are divided from the subfamily Bythitinae by having the dorsal fin, caudal fin and anal fin all separate whereas they are joined in the Bythitinae. It is divided into the tribes Dinematichthyini and Brosmophycini, with the first having hardened genital claspers and the second soft genital claspers. A review in 2016 elevated the Dinematichthyini to the status of a family the Dinematichthyidae.
References
Bythitidae
Fish subfamilies
The 1944 William & Mary Indians football team represented William & Mary during the 1944 college football season.
Schedule
NFL Draft selections
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
Miguel Juárez (29 September 1931 – 4 March 1982) was an Argentine footballer. He played in five matches for the Argentina national football team in 1957 and 1958. He was also part of Argentina's squad for the 1957 South American Championship.
References
External links
1931 births
1982 deaths
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Association football forwards
People from Salta
Rosario Central footballers
Sportspeople from Salta Province
Paolo Magrassi is an Italian technologist known as one of the authors of the Supranet concept, the co-creator of the AlphaIC methodology for assessing the value of information technology expenditures, and the manager of the Pontifex project, which in the mid-1980s introduced a novel approach to complex fleet scheduling.
In the early 2000s, Magrassi also was instrumental in introducing to the industrial and business world then-emerging miniature RFID and internet of things technologies such as those proposed by the MIT's Auto-ID Center.
He also published several books, including The Caricature Of A Revolution (2012), Digitalmente confusi (2011), La good-enough society (2010), Difendersi dalla complessità (2009), Il filo conduttore (2006), 2015 Weekend nel futuro (2005), A World Of Smart Objects (2002).
References
External links
Homepage
Living people
People in information technology
1954 births
21st-century Italian scientists
Tel Erani () or Tell esh-Sheikh Ahmed el-ʿAreini () is a multi-period archaeological site on the outskirts of Kiryat Gat in the Southern District of Israel. It is also known by the name ʻIrâq el-Menshiyeh ("vein-like sand ridges of Menshiyeh"), although thought to have borne the original Arabic name of Menshiyet es-Saḥalīn. The tell was first occupied in the Chalcolithic period, but its most notable remains are from the Bronze Age and Iron Age, when it was the site of a substantial Philistine city with links to Egypt. It has been identified with the biblical cities of Libnah, Gath, Mmst, Eglon and Makkedah, but none of these identifications are certain. The city was destroyed in the 6th century BCE, possibly by the Babylonians. In the Persian period, it was the site of a temple. There are also signs of settlement in the Hellenistic, Byzantine, and Mamluk periods. The Palestinian village of Iraq al-Manshiyya was located at the foot of the tell until it was depopulated in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
Discovery and history of investigations
Tel Erani was first documented by Claude Reignier Conder and Herbert Kitchener in their 1872–1877 survey for the Palestine Exploration Fund. They described the contemporary village of Iraq al-Manshiyya and remarked that the site was "evidently ancient and important, and seems possibly to represent the ancient Libnah." The identification of Tel Erani with the biblical city of Libnah was based on the chalk in the hills nearby – the name of the city meaning 'the white' in ancient Hebrew.
In 1921, William F. Albright argued that the site was a poor fit with Libnah, and instead proposed it was the major Philistine city of Gath. He placed Libnah at Tell es-Safi, which most scholars of the time identified with Gath. When the Palestinian population was forced out of the area in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, Albright's theory was the basis for naming the new Israeli settlements of Kiryat Gat and Kibbutz Gat.
New identification
Historical geographer, M.D. Press, concludes that Tel Erani, by way of a transformation of its name, may have been the 1st-century Idumean town of Sallis (= Shiḥlayim) mentioned by Josephus (The Jewish War 3.2.2. ). A citadel (acropolis) was once built at the site, making it a likely place of refuge for a retreating army en route from Ascalon to Jerusalem.
Excavations
The site is very large, more than 24 hectares.
Yeivin dig (1950s)
In the late 1950s, Shmuel Yeivin opened excavations at the site (then known as Tel Gat) to confirm Albright's identification. Although he did find Iron Age material, the pottery was not consistent with a Philistine city. Albright's theory was therefore rejected. Instead, Yeivin discovered that the main phase of occupation of the site was earlier, in the Early Bronze Age. He also found what was then the earliest evidence of contact between Egypt and Canaan: a potsherd bearing the serekh of the pharaoh Narmer.
Jagiellonian University excavations
Polish archaeologists from Jagiellonian University in Krakow have been excavating here since 2013. They found that the oldest artefacts on the site may date to the Amratian culture (Naqada I) ca 4,000 BC. So the ancient Egyptian trading post at Tel Erani may be much older that previously thought.
"Last year's [2018] research by the Kraków archaeologists proved that the inhabitants of Lower Egypt maintained relations with the southern Levant where Tel Erani lies. “We proved that [the relations] were very lively,” said Professor Ciałowicz, adding that both regions were cooperating with one another closely in 4,000 BC. Copper and olive oil flowed into Egypt and animal and fish meat was transported in the opposite direction."
An Early Bronze Age I fortification wall was also discovered in 2018, which may date to over 5,300 years old. This may be the oldest such defense wall in Israel.
See also
Tel Lachish
Kefar Shihlayim
References
Populated places established in the 4th millennium BC
Populated places disestablished in the 6th century BC
1870s archaeological discoveries
Archaeological sites in Israel
Chalcolithic sites
Bronze Age sites in Israel
Iron Age sites in Israel
Hellenistic sites
Byzantine sites in Asia
Razed cities
Amratian culture
Spears is an unincorporated community located in Jessamine County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office is no longer in service.
References
Unincorporated communities in Jessamine County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Kuhbach is a river of Hesse, Germany. It passes through Korbach and flows into the Itter near Vöhl-Obernburg.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
References
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
San Felipe (YFB-12) (ex-Engineer) was a United States Army steel tugboat that later served as a ferryboat in the U.S. Navy and as an Imperial Japanese Army transport during World War II.
History
She was completed in 1907 at the Hong Kong shipyard of Hong Kong & Whampoa Dock Company for the benefit of the United States Army as the steel tugboat, Engineer. On 28 December 1917, she was transferred to the United States Navy and assigned to the United States Asiatic Fleet, 16th Naval District but then returned to the U.S. Army in 1919. On 9 October 1922, she was transferred back to the U.S. Navy, 16th Naval District to replace the Callao (YFB-11). On 1 November 1922, she was renamed San Felipe and designated as ferryboat/launch, YFB-12. She worked as a ferry boat between the Cavite and Manila. On 10 December 1941, she was assigned to the Inshore Patrol and survived the bombing of Cavite Naval Yard and on 8 April 1942, she assisted in the evacuation of personnel from the Mariveles Naval Section Base to Corregidor during the Battle of Bataan. On 6 May 1942, she was captured by Japanese forces after the Fall of Corregidor and returned to service as Imperial Japanese Army transport Aki Maru. Her ultimate fate is unknown.
On 24 July 1942, she was struck from the Naval Register. She earned one battle star.
References
1907 ships
Ships of the United States Army
Ships of the United States Navy
Ships of the Imperial Japanese Army
Ships built by the Hong Kong & Whampoa Dock Company
Joshua Levs, commonly known as Josh Levs, is an American broadcast journalist. Born in Albany, New York, he reports for the CNN news television network.
Biography
Levs was raised in a Conservative Jewish family in Albany, New York and received his undergraduate degree from Yale University. He worked for NPR in Atlanta before moving to CNN.
Levs has spent more than 10 years at CNN, reporting across all platforms and networks.
When Levs requested extended paid parental leave from CNN's parent company Time Warner in August 2013, he was denied anything more than the two weeks of paid leave for biological fathers—much less than 10 weeks paid leave that were provided for women and for men who had babies through adoption or surrogacy. Levs used his two paid weeks, and additionally vacation and sick days as he cared for his three children and wife, who had developed severe preeclampsia. Levs filed a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission against Time Warner demanding equitable paid paternity leave, essentially winning the claim a year later.
Levs is married to Melanie Lasoff; they have three children.
Parenting book
According to the Today Show, Levs turned his paternity leave experience into a 2015 book, All In: How Our Work-First Culture Fails Dads, Families, and Businesses--And How We Can Fix It Together, asserting the need for more paternity leave in view of changes in family dynamics that have occurred over the last fifty years.
See also
Thornton, Terri, "CNN's Joshua Levs Uses Social Media Savvy in Hard, Soft News", PBS, December 16, 2010. (WebCite archive)
"TEDxEmory - Josh Levs - Breaking the system to achieve the impossible", TED talks video, posted August 12, 2011. (WebCite archive)
References
External links
Josh Levs Blog at CNN
American radio reporters and correspondents
American male journalists
Jewish American journalists
American television reporters and correspondents
Peabody Award winners
Yale University alumni
Living people
CNN people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American Jews
Muertos Vivos is Gob's fifth studio album. It was released on October 30, 2007 in Canada. It is the only album featuring bassist Tyson Maiko, who left the band in 2008.
The album's title is Spanish for "living dead". The first single from the album was "We're All Dying", which got its first radio play on June 18, 2007. The second single, "Underground", was first played on The Fox Vancouver, 99.3. The third single was "Banshee Song", released in 2009.
A song frontman Tom Thacker has originally written for this album, entitled "Panic Attack", has become the title track from Sum 41's fifth studio album Screaming Bloody Murder, which was the band's first album to be recorded with Thacker as lead guitarist.
The album cover art is a reprint of Calavera Oaxaqueña by Mexican folk artist José Guadalupe Posada
Release
On September 10, 2007, Muertos Vivos was announced for released the following month; alongside this, "We're All Dying" and "Prescription" were made available for streaming through the band's Myspace profile. Muertos Vivos was released on October 30, 2007 through Aquarius Records. In November 2007, the band embarked on a short tour of Canada. On November 19, 2007, a music video was released for "We're All Dying". A music video was released for "Underground" on February 11, 2008.
Track listing
All songs written by Thomas Thacker, except where noted otherwise.
Singles
"We're All Dying"
"Underground"
"Banshee Song"
Credits
Gob
Tom Thacker - lead vocals, lead & rhythm guitars, production, sound engineering, mixing
Theo Goutzinakis - lead & rhythm guitars, lead vocals on "Face the Ashes", backing vocals, production, sound engineering, mixing
Gabe Mantle - drums, percussion
Tyson Maiko - bass
Ted Jensen - mastering
Dave Ogilvie - mixing
Misha Rajaratnam - editing
Paul Silveira - vocals, sound engineering, mixing
Rob Stefanson - vocals, sound engineering
References
2007 albums
Gob (band) albums
Aquarius Records (Canada) albums
The following is a list of international bilateral treaties between Australia and Canada
Early treaties were extended to Australia and Canada by the British Empire, however they are still generally in force.
Excludes treaties associated with Commonwealth of Nations agreements.
References
Treaties of Australia
Treaties of Canada
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in DeKalb County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in DeKalb County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 29 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Allen, Defiance (OH), LaGrange, Noble, Steuben, Williams (OH)
List of Indiana state historical markers in DeKalb County
References
DeKalb County
Francis Humphris Fraser (1833–1911) was a politician in Wellington, New Zealand.
Early life
Fraser was born in London, England, in 1833. He spent his childhood in Edinburgh, where he studied at Watson's Hospital School before returning to London in 1847. Fraser then promptly left London bound for New Zealand. He arrived in Wellington on board the Wild Duck in 1864.
Political career
National politics
Fraser briefly represented the Te Aro electorate in Wellington in 1887 after winning a by-election, from 15 April to 15 July, when he was defeated. He unsuccessfully contested the three-member electorate in the , , and s where he came sixth, fifth and seventh respectively. Later, he was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council for one seven-year term from 1899 to 1906.
Local politics
Fraser won a seat on the Wellington City Council in 1888. During his tenure on the council he was the central figure of Wellington's temperance movement. He also served on the Wellington Harbour Board, District Charitable Aid Board, and Wellington Hospital Trustees Board. The latter of these he also held the position of chairman.
References
1833 births
1911 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
Wellington City Councillors
Wellington Harbour Board members
Wellington Hospital Board members
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1887 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1890 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1893 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1896 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1884 New Zealand general election
New Zealand MPs for Wellington electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Date of birth unknown
The 2022 tampon shortage in the United States is an ongoing shortage and price increase of period hygiene products for women who menstruate caused by supply chain issues, staffing problems at production facilities, and the cost of raw materials. Large producers of tampons have acknowledged the shortage, with a Procter & Gamble spokesperson saying, "We understand it is frustrating for consumers when they can't find what they need." As of mid-June 2022, approximately 7 percent of the tampon products were out of stock, but many shoppers found their preferred brand difficult to find.
According to a June 7, 2022 article in Time magazine, tampons have been in short supply for more than six months, and nobody has been talking about the great tampon shortage of 2022. Some women have been using online sites such as Reddit to vent their frustrations about not being able to purchase the products.
According to a report from CNN Business, the online grocery delivery service Instacart said the sale of tampons was up 29 percent week-over-week due to women learning about the shortage. Searches for tampon products increased 13 percent on the platform's app compared to the prior week.
Cost increase
One of the main reasons for a price increase of tampon products is due to raw material costs of cotton and rayon produced outside of the United States. According to NielsenIQ, the average price of personal hygiene products has increased 9.8 percent since the beginning of the year.
Production
Producers of tampons in the United States have announced they would be increasing production with Procter & Gamble, who account for approximately 60 percent of the tampon products sold in the U.S., operating their plants 24/7 to make sure products are available to consumers.
Alternatives to tampons
Blog site Lifehacker, offered advice on alternative menstrual products such as pads, menstrual cups or disks, period underwear, or reusable pads.
References
Personal hygiene products
Tampon shortage
Tampon shortage
Marion Junior-Senior High School is a public school located outside Marion, Michigan, in Osceola County. It serves grades 7–12 in the Marion Public Schools.
Students who meet the prerequisites may attend classes at Mid-Michigan Community College in Harrison or Baker College in Cadillac for credit in place of usual high school courses. Students may also attend the Wexford-Missaukee Area Career Technical Center, administered by the Wexford-Missaukee Intermediate School District.
Marion Junior-Senior High School offers a variety of classes and activities such as wood-working, band, choir, robotics, eSports, and volunteering in the community with their MPACT, SLS (Students leading students) and National Honor Society teams.
Marion recognizes students for many outstanding achievements
Demographics
The demographic breakdown of the 261 students enrolled in 2018-19 was:
Male - 47.1%
Female - 52.9%
Native American - 0.4%
Black - 1.9%
Hispanic - 1.1%
White - 95.4%
Multiracial - 1.1%
In addition, 62.5% of students were eligible for free or reduced lunch.
Athletics
The Marion Eagles are members of the West Michigan D League. The school colors are maroon and white. MHSAA sanctioned sports offered are:
Baseball (boys)
Basketball (boys and girls)
Competitive cheer (girls)
Cross-country (boys and girls)
Football (8-player) (boys)
Soccer (girls)
Softball (girls)
Track and field (boys and girls)
Volleyball (girls)
References
External links
Public high schools in Michigan
Public middle schools in Michigan
Schools in Osceola County, Michigan
Heidi Ryom Kristensen (26 August 1955 – 5 October 2013) was an Danish ballerina and educator for the Royal Danish Ballet. She began dancing at the Royal Danish Ballet school and became an in 1972 before being made a corps dancer at the Royal Danish Ballet two years later. In 1982, Ryom was appointed principal solo dancer at the Royal Danish Theatre before retiring from her position as a solo dancer in 1997 and became a character dancer and educator. She was appointed Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1988 and was promoted to Knight First Class of the Order of the Dannebrog eight years later.
Biography
On 26 August 1955, Ryom was born Heidi Ryom Kristensen in Copenhagen. She was the daughter of the car dealer Kurt Kristensen and Jette Ryom. Ryom was educated at the Royal Danish Ballet school, which is situated on the grounds of the Danish Royal Theatre. In 1972, she became an aspirant, and graduated in 1974. Ryom was made a corps dancer at the Royal Danish Ballet that same year. In 1979, she made her debut in Pas de deux in Flower Festival in Genzano with Ib Andersen as a partner and was a dancer in a wide variety of ballets by August Bournonville.
In 1980, Ryom played the part of the bespectacled Helena in A Midsummer Night's Dream and as Svanhilda in Coppélia by Hans Brenaa the following year. She was appointed solo dancer (principal) at the Royal Danish Theatre in 1982. The following year, Ryom had a role in Korsaren by Erik Bruhn and was cast in the role of Kitri in Don Quixote the same year. She played alongside Toni Lander and Lise Landers in Études in 1984 and the title role of Juliet in Romeo and Juliet by John Neumeier three years later. Ryom entered into a working partnership with Julio Bocca in 1988, and they guested across the globe. In 1989, she played the roles of Alli in Månerenen and Tatjana in Onegin. Ryom was cast as the title roles in Gisellein 1990, La Sylphide two years later, the ballerina Piano Concerto No. 2 by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in 1993, the woman in Mysteriesin 1994 and the role of Odette/Odile inSwan Lake in 1996.
She retired as a solo dancer at the age of 41 in 1997, and became both a character dancer and educator from that year on. Ryom made the request to retire and did instructional tasks inside and outside the Royal Theatre. In late 1999, she hosted the ballet Giselle, and worked for the Royal Theatre as a ballet instructor until 2007. Ryom was made Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1988 and was promoted to Knight First Class of the Order of the Dannebrog eight years later. She appeared on the DR P1 radio programme Radiofortællinger to discuss the negatives of her career as a solo dancer. Ryom received the Tagea Brandt Rejselegat in 1990. In late 2013, she was awarded the Ballettens Venners Hæderspris from Princess Benedikte of Denmark.
Personal life
She was in a relationship with the film worker Ulrik Wivel from 1986 to 1992. Ryom was married to the ballet dancer Julian Ringdahl from 1995 to 1999. She was the mother of one child. On the afternoon of 5 October 2013, Ryom died of a sudden brain haemorrhage.
Analysis
Debra Craine and Judith Mackrell described Ryom in The Oxford Dictionary of Dance as "a soubrette, with her petite build and speed, she matured into a poetically expressive performer". Alette Scavenius said in Ryom's Dansk kvindebiografisk leksikon entry that the dancer's career had no drama in it "and has largely followed the beaten path. This calm development from ballet child over the youthfully cheerful soubrette to the tragedy roles in Russian bravura style was due in equal parts to willpower, stubbornness and the right people's understanding of HR's talent at the right time."
References
External links
1955 births
2013 deaths
Actresses from Copenhagen
20th-century Danish women
21st-century Danish women
20th-century Danish actresses
Danish ballerinas
20th-century ballet dancers
Royal Danish Ballet dancers
Royal Danish Ballet principal dancers
Ballet teachers
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
Knights First Class of the Order of the Dannebrog
In functional and convex analysis, and related disciplines of mathematics, the polar set is a special convex set associated to any subset of a vector space lying in the dual space
The bipolar of a subset is the polar of but lies in (not ).
Definitions
There are at least three competing definitions of the polar of a set, originating in projective geometry and convex analysis.
In each case, the definition describes a duality between certain subsets of a pairing of vector spaces over the real or complex numbers ( and are often topological vector spaces (TVSs)).
If is a vector space over the field then unless indicated otherwise, will usually, but not always, be some vector space of linear functionals on and the dual pairing will be the bilinear () defined by
If is a topological vector space then the space will usually, but not always, be the continuous dual space of in which case the dual pairing will again be the evaluation map.
Denote the closed ball of radius centered at the origin in the underlying scalar field of by
Functional analytic definition
Absolute polar
Suppose that is a pairing.
The polar or absolute polar of a subset of is the set:
where denotes the image of the set under the map defined by
If denotes the convex balanced hull of which by definition is the smallest convex and balanced subset of that contains then
This is an affine shift of the geometric definition;
it has the useful characterization that the functional-analytic polar of the unit ball (in ) is precisely the unit ball (in ).
The prepolar or absolute prepolar of a subset of is the set:
Very often, the prepolar of a subset of is also called the polar or absolute polar of and denoted by ;
in practice, this reuse of notation and of the word "polar" rarely causes any issues (such as ambiguity) and many authors do not even use the word "prepolar".
The bipolar of a subset of often denoted by is the set ;
that is,
Real polar
The real polar of a subset of is the set:
and the real prepolar of a subset of is the set:
As with the absolute prepolar, the real prepolar is usually called the real polar and is also denoted by
It's important to note that some authors (e.g. [Schaefer 1999]) define "polar" to mean "real polar" (rather than "absolute polar", as is done in this article) and use the notation for it (rather than the notation that is used in this article and in [Narici 2011]).
The real bipolar of a subset of sometimes denoted by is the set ;
it is equal to the -closure of the convex hull of
For a subset of is convex, -closed, and contains
In general, it is possible that but equality will hold if is balanced.
Furthermore, where denotes the balanced hull of
Competing definitions
The definition of the "polar" of a set is not universally agreed upon.
Although this article defined "polar" to mean "absolute polar", some authors define "polar" to mean "real polar" and other authors use still other definitions.
No matter how an author defines "polar", the notation almost always represents choice of the definition (so the meaning of the notation may vary from source to source).
In particular, the polar of is sometimes defined as:
where the notation is standard notation.
We now briefly discuss how these various definitions relate to one another and when they are equivalent.
It is always the case that
and if is real-valued (or equivalently, if and are vector spaces over ) then
If is symmetric (i.e. or equivalently, ) then where if in addition is real-valued then
If and are vector spaces over (so that is complex-valued) and if (where note that this implies and ), then
where if in addition for all real then
Thus for all of these definitions of the polar set of to agree, it suffices that for all scalars of unit length (where this is equivalent to for all unit length scalar ).
In particular, all definitions of the polar of agree when is a balanced set (which is often, but not always, the case) so that often, which of these competing definitions is used is immaterial.
However, these difference in the definitions of the "polar" of a set do sometimes introduce subtle or important technical differences when is not necessarily balanced.
Specialization for the canonical duality
Algebraic dual space
If is any vector space then let denote the algebraic dual space of which is the set of all linear functionals on The vector space is always a closed subset of the space of all -valued functions on under the topology of pointwise convergence so when is endowed with the subspace topology, then becomes a Hausdorff complete locally convex topological vector space (TVS).
For any subset let
If are any subsets then and where denotes the convex balanced hull of
For any finite-dimensional vector subspace of let denote the Euclidean topology on which is the unique topology that makes into a Hausdorff topological vector space (TVS).
If denotes the union of all closures as varies over all finite dimensional vector subspaces of then (see this footnote
for an explanation).
If is an absorbing subset of then by the Banach–Alaoglu theorem, is a weak-* compact subset of
If is any non-empty subset of a vector space and if is any vector space of linear functionals on (that is, a vector subspace of the algebraic dual space of ) then the real-valued map
defined by
is a seminorm on If then by definition of the supremum, so that the map defined above would not be real-valued and consequently, it would not be a seminorm.
Continuous dual space
Suppose that is a topological vector space (TVS) with continuous dual space
The important special case where and the brackets represent the canonical map:
is now considered.
The triple is the called the associated with
The polar of a subset with respect to this canonical pairing is:
For any subset where denotes the closure of in
The Banach–Alaoglu theorem states that if is a neighborhood of the origin in then and this polar set is a compact subset of the continuous dual space when is endowed with the weak-* topology (also known as the topology of pointwise convergence).
If satisfies for all scalars of unit length then one may replace the absolute value signs by (the real part operator) so that:
The prepolar of a subset of is:
If satisfies for all scalars of unit length then one may replace the absolute value signs with so that:
where
The bipolar theorem characterizes the bipolar of a subset of a topological vector space.
If is a normed space and is the open or closed unit ball in (or even any subset of the closed unit ball that contains the open unit ball) then is the closed unit ball in the continuous dual space when is endowed with its canonical dual norm.
Geometric definition for cones
The polar cone of a convex cone is the set
This definition gives a duality on points and hyperplanes, writing the latter as the intersection of two oppositely-oriented half-spaces.
The polar hyperplane of a point is the locus ;
the dual relationship for a hyperplane yields that hyperplane's polar point.
Some authors (confusingly) call a dual cone the polar cone; we will not follow that convention in this article.
Properties
Unless stated otherwise, will be a pairing.
The topology is the weak-* topology on while is the weak topology on
For any set denotes the real polar of and denotes the absolute polar of
The term "polar" will refer to the polar.
The (absolute) polar of a set is convex and balanced.
The real polar of a subset of is convex but necessarily balanced; will be balanced if is balanced.
If for all scalars of unit length then
is closed in under the weak-*-topology on .
A subset of is weakly bounded (i.e. -bounded) if and only if it is absorbing in .
For a dual pair where is a TVS and is its continuous dual space, if is bounded then is absorbing in If is locally convex and is absorbing in then is bounded in Moreover, a subset of is weakly bounded if and only if it is absorbing in
The bipolar of a set is the -closed convex hull of that is the smallest -closed and convex set containing both and
Similarly, the bidual cone of a cone is the -closed conic hull of
If is a base at the origin for a TVS then
If is a locally convex TVS then the polars (taken with respect to ) of any 0-neighborhood base forms a fundamental family of equicontinuous subsets of (i.e. given any bounded subset of there exists a neighborhood of the origin in such that ).
Conversely, if is a locally convex TVS then the polars (taken with respect to ) of any fundamental family of equicontinuous subsets of form a neighborhood base of the origin in
Let be a TVS with a topology Then is a locally convex TVS topology if and only if is the topology of uniform convergence on the equicontinuous subsets of
The last two results explain why equicontinuous subsets of the continuous dual space play such a prominent role in the modern theory of functional analysis: because equicontinuous subsets encapsulate all information about the locally convex space 's original topology.
Set relations
and
For all scalars and for all real and
However, for the real polar we have
For any finite collection of sets
If then and
An immediate corollary is that ; equality necessarily holds when is finite and may fail to hold if is infinite.
and
If is a cone in then
If is a family of -closed subsets of containing then the real polar of is the closed convex hull of
If then
For a closed convex cone in a real vector space the polar cone is the polar of ; that is,
where
See also
Notes
References
Bibliography
Functional analysis
Topological vector spaces
Friedrich Dittes (23 September 1829 in Irfersgrün – 15 May 1896 in Pressbaum) was a German-Austrian educator, known for his reform efforts within the Austrian school system.
He studied various subjects at the University of Leipzig, and in 1860 became sub-rector at a secondary school in Chemnitz. In 1865 he was named director of the teacher's college in Gotha, then three years later relocated to Vienna as director of the Pedagogium (a training facility for teachers).
He was a disciple of philosopher Friedrich Eduard Beneke, especially in regards to the latter's empirical approach to psychology and ethics. He was also influenced by the past work of educationist Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi and the contemporary teachings of Adolph Diesterweg. As an educator, Dittes believed that a school system needed to be essentially free from external pressures that included the clergy.
From 1868 to 1896 he was editor of the journal "Paedagogium : Monatsschrift für Erziehung und Unterricht". The thoroughfare "Dittesgasse" in Währing (18th district of Vienna) is named in his honor.
Selected works
Das menschliche Bewusstsein, wie es psychologisch zu erklären und pädagogisch Auszubilden (1853).
Das Aesthetische nach seinem eigenthümlichen Grundwesen und seiner pädagogischen Bedeutung dargestellt (1854) – The aesthetic represented by its unique fundamental essence and its educational significance.
Über die sittliche Freiheit, mit besonderer Berücksichtigung der Systeme von Spinoza, Leibnitz, Kant. Nebst einer Abhandlung über den Eudämonismus (1860) – On moral freedom, with particular attention to the systems of Spinoza, Leibniz, Kant.
Lehrbuch der Psychologie (1873) – Textbook of psychology.
Praktische Logik. Besonders für Lehrer (3rd edition, 1873) – Practical logic; especially for teachers.
Lehrbuch der praktischen logik (6th edition, 1876) – Textbook of practical logic.
Geschichte der Erziehung und des Unterrichtes (9th edition, 1890) – History of education and teaching.
Schule der pädagogik. Gesammtausgabe der psychologie und logik, erziehungs- und unterrichtslehre, methodik der volksschule, geschichte der erziehung und des unterrichtes (4th edition, 1891) – School of pedagogy. Complete edition of psychology and logic, educational and teaching doctrines, methodology of the elementary school, history of education and teaching.
References
1829 births
1896 deaths
People from Lengenfeld
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
German educational theorists
Austrian educational theorists
19th-century educational theorists
Leipzig University alumni
Naser Mestarihi (Arabic: ناصر شاهر صالح المستريحي; born 14 October 1987) is a singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist (guitars, bass and vocals) based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Naser is the first rock musician to ever officially release a rock album out of his birthplace Qatar, the Naser Mestarihi EP. He released his second album 1987 on 17 June 2013.
Early life
Naser was born and raised in Doha, Qatar into a musical family, his paternal uncles are all professional musicians. He states that his introduction to music came through his parents who gave him his first rock albums. He also states that the album that inspired him to pursue a career in music was Guns N' Roses debut album Appetite for Destruction. Although a self taught player, his mother enrolled him in a music school but he quit shortly after due to his lack of interest.
Career
Naser began performing live at the age of 17. He had minor international exposure two years later when he was featured on a Danmarks Radio documentary in 2006 which was broadcast in Denmark and Scandinavia.
Naser began his solo career in 2007 performing a handful of shows in the United Arab Emirates as a solo artist and a session musician. Some of his first notable shows included performing at the United States Military Base Camp As Siliyah in his hometown of Doha, where he performed on the 4 and 5 July to mark the U.S. Independence Day celebrations with several other local bands. He also made his radio debut around this time on Qatar's QBS Radio. This was followed by the launch of his first solo single "Salvation" in September 2009 on the station.
His self-titled debut the Naser Mestarihi EP was released on 31 December 2010, making it the first official rock record ever to be released out of Qatar. Although the album did not yield any commercial success it received some critical acclaim from regional publications including Rolling Stone Middle East who hailed it as "A huge sounding impressive debut."
Naser composes all his music and lyrics (including drums) and is known for his meticulous recording approach recording every instrument's track on his record with the exception of the drums.
Naser released his second album 1987 on 17 June 2013 worldwide and 2 August regionally. The album's first single "Exodus Highway" receiving a positive review in the May 2013 issue of Rolling Stone magazine prior to the album's release. The album was well received by regional publications including "Rolling Stone" magazine.
He followed the release with his second full-length album “Praed Street” featuring renowned drumming sensation Cobus Potgieter in March 2016.
Influences
Naser has cited many bands as influences on his music, his favourite band is Guns N' Roses however he has also cited classic rock bands such as Van Halen, Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, Thin Lizzy, The Who and Queen as his main influences.
Other genres Naser states he enjoys listening to include Funk, new wave and punk. He cites Eddie Van Halen, Jimi Hendrix, Randy Rhoads, Michael Schenker, Jake E. Lee and Slash as some of his favourite guitarists.
Personal life
Naser is a former student of Middlesex University. He has Obsessive-compulsive disorder.
He is also an avid West Ham United fan.
Discography
Solo Studio albums
Naser Mestarihi EP (2010)
1987 (2013)
Praed Street (2016)
Studio albums with Winterburn
Ivory Towers (TBC 2021)
References
External links
Official website
1987 births
Alumni of Middlesex University
Heavy metal singers
Jordanian male singers
Jordanian people of Pakistani descent
Living people
Pashtun people
People from Doha
Pakistani heavy metal guitarists
People with obsessive–compulsive disorder
Qatari male singers
Qatari people of Jordanian descent
Qatari people of Pakistani descent
Pakistani heavy metal singers
