Tai Xiaohu (; born 1 March 1998 in Gaomi) is a male Chinese diver specializing in 10 metre synchronized events. He is four times won the champions at FINA Diving World Series, twice the goldlists for men's 10 metre platform synchro events in 2014 and 2015, twice the first for men's 10 metre platform synchro mixed events in 2015 and 2016.
References
Living people
1998 births
People from Weifang
Sportspeople from Shandong
Chinese male divers
World Aquatics Championships medalists in diving
20th-century Chinese people
21st-century Chinese people
Yearly Report (foaled January 23, 2001, in California) is an American thoroughbred mare racehorse. She is sired by multiple grade one stakes winner General Meeting, a leading American sire. He in turn was sired by Seattle Slew, who was a Triple Crown winner and United States Horse of the Year. She was out of the mare Fiscal Year.
Yearly Report raced 10 times and won or placed in eight races, six of them stakes races. She is probably best known for her wins in the Grade II $200,000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes on May 14, 2004, and the grade one Delaware Oaks.
Two-year-old season
Yearly Report was bought back by Mrs. John Mabee at Barretts Sale in May 2003 for $95,000. She debuted with a four-length score in a maiden special weight event at Hollywood Park in November. She earned $90,000 for her maiden victory. She also placed second to Silent Sighs in the state-bred California Breeders' Champion Stakes on December 27 at Santa Anita Park, losing by three lengths after a slow start in her initial stakes try.
Three-year-old season
As a three-year-old in 2004, Yearly Report won the grade two Santa Ynez Stakes run at Santa Anita Park in March. That race is considered a prep for the Filly Triple Crown, including the Kentucky Oaks. In her third career start for trainer Bob Baffert, the bay filly made her graded stakes debut. Coming from off the pace, she went seven furlongs on the dirt in a stakes-record 1:21 for her second win by 4-1/2 lengths.
Golden Eagle Farm and Baffert then entered Yearly Report in the $200,000 grade two Black-Eyed Susan Stakes, the featured event May 14 at Pimlico Race Course. The Black-Eyed Susan Stakes is considered by many to be the de facto second leg of the "Filly Triple Crown." Yearly Report rated just off a very soft pace and then made her move on the far turn and drew away to win. With Bailey in the irons, California-bred Yearly Report went off as the odds-on choice of eight stakes winners in the 1-1/8 mile test for three year-old fillies. "It wasn't easy, but she doesn't know how to quit. This was the filly version of the Preakness, and we will take it as a big win. There is no question she likes to respond to a challenge. They can run up to her, but it's not easy to go by her," Bailey added.
Later that year, Yearly Report won the state-bred Melair Stakes at Santa Anita Park and then was fourth on a sloppy track in the Alabama Stakes on dirt at 1-1/4 miles (9 furlongs) at Saratoga Race Course.
In October 2003, she lost by a nose to Dream of Summer in the $150,000 California Cup Matron at Oak Tree at Santa Anita Park.
Retirement
While training for the $500,000 Sunshine Millions Distaff at Santa Anita on January 29, 2004, Yearly Report had a setback, suffering a minor ankle ailment that caused her to miss the La Brea Stakes in December. She was retired in February 2004 and booked stallion Gone West in her first year of breeding.
References
Pedigree & Partial Stats
2001 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in California
Racehorses trained in the United States
Thoroughbred family 22-b
The Redwood County Poor Farm (or Poorhouse) was a county run institution serving impoverished and aged people in Redwood Falls, Minnesota, United States, from 1884 to 1889 and again from 1909 to 1967, when it was converted to a nursing home.
Today the building houses the Redwood County Museum, which is operated by the Redwood County Historical Society. There are 30 rooms of local history and cultural exhibits, including such period rooms as a living room, dining room, kitchen, general store, military room, and doctor's office. There are also three natural history rooms with local wildlife, Native American artifacts, musical instruments, toys and period clothing. A one-room school building is on the grounds. The museum is open on weekends from May through October.
Institutional History
Location
The Redwood County Poor Farm was constructed at its current location in 1907; prior to this there had been another poor farm. In 1884, a site was purchased in the Sherman Township for three thousand dollars. This poor farm was on one hundred and sixty acres, had a nine-room house and was located approximately thirteen miles from the county seat of Redwood Falls. According to the Redwood County Commissioner Meeting minutes (January 3, 1889), the vast majority of the costs from the facility came from providing medical care, followed by food costs. At that same meeting, it was decided that the farm would be sold for three thousand two hundred dollars with a sale/move out date of February 5, 1889. The reason given for the sale was the “premises is not properly located, convenient or adapted for the purpose of a ‘County Poor Farm.'” It “is for the best interest of said County to sell said premises and purchase more convenient and better adapted for “Poor Farm” purposes.”
At the Commissioner Meeting on April 18th 1899, the board was approached with a proposition signed by twenty-nine citizens of Morgan (approximately fourteen miles from Redwood Falls). The proposition stated that the village was willing to provide either “$1,000 for creation and construction of a building within one mile of town” or a “deed for forty acres.” The board passed a motion to accept the deed. Commissioners had a change of mind, however, apparently based on the inconvenience of overseeing a farm at a distance from the courthouse. The Morgan group protested the action, and on January 2, 1900, the case went to court. District Judge B.F. Weber at New Ulm ruled for the county April 20.
According to the Redwood County Historical Society (2008), the board had taken possession of the land on May 1, 1899, and planted grain instead of building a poor farm. It can be observed by reading the Redwood County Commissioner's financial expenses in the meeting minutes that during the time without a poor farm, those in need were either provided for in their own homes or in the homes of others in the community. For example, the following lines appear in the July 8, 1907 proceedings.
The following bills were paid in full:
However, it was at this meeting in 1907 that the board passed a resolution by unanimous vote to purchase land to build a new home for the county poor. On July 24, 1907, Redwood County purchased twenty five and three quarters acres for three thousand dollars. It wasn't until a Special Session convening on June 2, 1908 that the County Board accepted a bid of sixteen thousand four hundred fifty dollars for the construction of a county home. Here, records conflict; the Spanish-style home was open for “inmates” either on November 1908 or September 1909. Ole Bollum became the first superintendent of the site in 1912 when he moved into the home with his wife and two children. “It was general practice to keep horses, cows, and chickens, and carry on General Farming” including having a large garden. The home itself could house approximately ten to fifteen “inmates”.
Admissions
As with many institutions, there was most likely an admission process; however, this documentation as noted above is not currently available. However, it is possible to know something about the admission processes for poorhouses from exploring the current attitudes of the era.
The first step in the admission process was likely to be determining the eligibility of applicants as it was believed that “persons and families every way competent to provide for afflicted members of their household seek to place them under public care, as a mere riddance from disagreeable duty or personal responsibility”. The next step in the admission process would be to register an individual, recording “name, age, sex, condition, nativity, ancestry, education, civil relations, personal habits, causes, either immediate or remote, of present condition of dependence, and of anything, everything, in the history of the individual, calculated to direct as well as justify the public care”. The third step in the admission process would be to classify the inmates to improve “personal treatment as well as …the common comfort of the household. Lastly, would be to instruct the individuals any rules of the home.
Also identified were three things that required special attention in poorhouses: cleanliness, good order, and employment. This was due to “three things in which an average pauper delights, - dirt, disorder, and idleness”.
Work requirements
According to the museum curator, those living at the Redwood County poor farm were required to work. The men were apparently able to find work with local farmers, and the women doing work on the poor farm itself and/or doing various jobs for other community members. The curator stated that the employment with local farmers usually became permanent employment, and that the farmer's chicken coop would then be converted into a home for the family to move into.
Depression years
Contrary to popular belief that the Redwood County poor farm always existed on the current acreage (55 acres), twenty five and a quarter acres were added to the property for four thousand four hundred eighty five dollars on March 8, 1932. However, the biggest change came in 1935. During the beginning of the Great Depression “reliefer” families were placed in a nearby mansion, which caught fire that year. The lumber from the mansion was salvaged and constructed into six cottages on the property for the families. These new buildings were small “shacks” without electricity and share a single well and pump. Accusations came in 1937 that the families living in the colony cottages were not impoverished and were ordered by the county commissioners to vacate the buildings by July 1 that year. The families appealed to a state relief administrator, who intervened and asked the commissioners to continue to allow the families to live at the colony as long as they paid eight dollars a month rent. The county relief officials agreed with this, but expressed a desire for the families to leave as soon as the found available homes. The few years the county poor farm spent as the county colony ended when the colony cottages were put on the auction block. An interesting fact is that one of the cottages on the property continues to be rented out.
Later years
In the fall of 1939 discussions began advocating that the home be turned into a school for girls, administrated by the Nation Youth Administration. The board approved this motion, four to one, on December 14, 1939, setting the date for the school to be open as January 15, 1940. There were currently fifteen “patients” in the county home. The lone dissenter, J.P. Kragh, with support from a lawyer, W.R. Werring and a local wealthy farmer, C.O. Gilfillan, was able to have the decision reversed two weeks later. In March 1940, the commissioners turned the county poor farm records over to Gilfillan, who offered to conduct a study “to get the most out of the property” at his own expense. His goal was that “some plan could be worked out to relieve the taxpayers of this burden to some extent and at the same time afford adequate care for the aged and unfortunates who are now county charges”. On July 2, 1940 Gilfillan offered to pay Redwood County eighteen hundred dollars yearly for “the care and maintenance…of bedridden inmates, old men and women and other worthy needy who are inmates”. Some remodeling was done to move the county poor farm away from its function as a poor farm toward its future as a home for the aged, and its capacity increased to approximately thirty six people. During the time period until 1967 it was known at the Redwood County Home. At this time an elevator was added and more beds to increase the capacity to forty eight and with the new licensing requirements it became the Redwood County Nursing Home.
References
Barnes, G. (1932). Deed Record 82. Redwood County.
Bolton & Menk, Inc. (August 16, 1995). Parcel Inquiry. Redwood County.
Byers, A.G. (1886). The administration of poorhouses and jails. The official proceedings of the annual meeting: 1886. (pp. 31–36). National Conference on Social Welfare.
Curtiss-Wedge, F. (1916). The history of Redwood County Minnesota. Chicago: H.C. Cooper Jr. & Co.
Day, P. (2009). A new history of social welfare(6th ed.). Boston: Pearson.
Evacuation of colony waits: County getting rent until new homes are found. (1937, July 22). The Redwood Gazettes. p. 4.
Jarchow, M. (1986). Like father, like son: The Gilfillan story. St. Paul: Ramsey County Historical Society
Parker, F. (1907). Deed Record 54. Redwood County.
Redwood County Commissioners. (January 3, 1889). Commissioners proceedings (official). Redwood County Records.
Redwood County Commissioners. (April 18, 1899). Commissioners proceedings (official). Redwood County Records.
Redwood County Commissioners. (July 8, 1907). Commissioners proceedings (official). Redwood County Records.
Redwood County Commissioners. (June 2, 1908). Special session commissioners proceedings (official). Redwood County Records.
Redwood County Commissioners. (July 11, 1908). Commissioners proceedings (official). Redwood County Records.
Redwood County Commissioners. (1934). Commissioners proceedings (official). Redwood County Records.
Redwood County Commissioners. (December 14, 1939). Commissioners proceedings (official). Redwood County Records.
Redwood County Commissioners. (July 2, 1940). Commissioners proceedings (official). Redwood County Records.
Redwood County Historical Society. (2008). Redwood County Poor Farm. Redwood Falls, Mn: Author.
Webb, W. & Swedberg, J. (1964). Redwood: The story of a county. St. Paul: North Central Publishing Co.
Wright, A.O. (1889). Employment in poorhouses. The official proceedings of the annual meeting: 1889. (pp. 197–203). National Conference on Social Welfare.
Wyman, H. (1889). The Michigan poor in almshouses. The official proceedings of the annual meeting: 1889. (pp. 203–209). National Conference on Social Welfare.
External links
Redwood County Historical Society
County government buildings in Minnesota
History museums in Minnesota
Museums in Redwood County, Minnesota
Natural history museums in Minnesota
Poor farms
Anarchism in Colombia was a political movement that emerged from the disparate social movements of the 19th-century, becoming an organized force in the 1910s and 1920s. After a period of recession, the movement re-emerged in the late 20th century, with the rise of counter-cultural, left-wing and indigenous resistance movements.
History
Origins
Throughout the 19th century, utopian socialism emerged in Colombia as part of the artisans' movement against free trade. Anarchism didn't surface as an organized movement until 1910, when Colombian students, artists and workers began to take up the ideas themselves.
Anarcho-syndicalism and the workers' movement
The first public expression of anarchism was made during the Barranquilla strike of 1910, in which militant anarchist workers participated. The first workers' organizations in Colombia were formed by anarcho-syndicalists in the early 1910s: including the formation of the Unión Obrera in 1913. Anarcho-syndicalists subsequently organized a number of actions, such as a workers' demonstration on May 15, 1916 and the Cartagena port workers' strike of 1920. By 1918, a broad workers' movement has developed throughout Colombia, particularly in Barranquilla, Cartagena and Santa Marta, with a strike being organized by banana workers of the United Fruit Company for the first time. This was followed in 1919 with a strike by the railway workers of Girardot, as well as a workers' strike in the capital of Bogotá. In 1924 and 1927, strikes were organized by workers of the Tropical Oil Company in Barrancabermeja, but this ultimately resulted in 1,200 workers being fired and the government declaring war against the strike's organizers. By 1925, Colombian anarcho-syndicalists began to publish periodicals, such as Voz Popular, Organización and Via Libre. However, after the Banana Massacre of 1928, any anarchist activities or apolitical unionist struggles in Colombia largely ceased, due in part to the state's repression and the rise of Bolshevism.
Later incarnations
Anarchist ideas saw a resurgence with the Nadaist movement of the early 1960s. As a counter-cultural movement which drew from the philosophies of existentialism and nihilism, it came as a reaction to the La Violencia, a civil war between Colombian liberals and conservatives, as well as the military dictatorship of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla.
In the 21st century, Colombian anarchists maintain social centers, a presence in the Colombian punk scene, some social programs, and the occasional organized protest and resistance actions.
See also
Communism in Colombia
References
Bibliography
Anarchism by country
Anarchism
Brasema is a genus in the family Eupelmidae.
Species
Brasema acaudus
Brasema allynii
Brasema antiphonis
Brasema aprilis
Brasema aurata
Brasema baccharidis
Brasema bardus
Brasema basicuprea
Brasema brevicauda
Brasema brevispina
Brasema bruchivorus
Brasema cerambycoboidea
Brasema chapadae
Brasema cleri
Brasema coccidis
Brasema corumbae
Brasema dryophantae
Brasema flavovariegata
Brasema fonteia
Brasema hetricki
Brasema homeri
Brasema incredibilis
Brasema inyoensis
Brasema juglandis
Brasema kim
Brasema lacinia
Brasema lamachus
Brasema lambi
Brasema leucothysana
Brasema limneriae
Brasema longicauda
Brasema macrocarpae
Brasema maculicornis
Brasema maculipennis
Brasema mandrakae
Brasema mawsoni
Brasema neococcidis
Brasema neomexicana
Brasema nigripurpurea
Brasema peruviana
Brasema planivertex
Brasema proxima
Brasema rara
Brasema rhadinosa
Brasema rosae
Brasema schizomorpha
Brasema seyrigi
Brasema silvai
Brasema speciosa
Brasema sphaericephalus
Brasema stenus
Brasema sulcata
Brasema willei
References
Universal Chalcidoidea Database
Hymenoptera genera
Taxa named by Peter Cameron
Eupelmidae
Greendog: The Beached Surfer Dude! is a platform game developed by Interactive Designs for the Sega Genesis console, and was published by Sega in September 1992. A port to the handheld Game Gear was released a year later.
Plot
The eponymous protagonist of the story is Greendog, the player character, a laid-back, cool surfer and skater with a mop of bleached blonde hair. He has surfed most of the biggest waves around, including off the coast of Australia, California and in the Mediterranean, and is always in search of the biggest waves which will give him the biggest thrill and he cares for little else in life. He has numerous contraptions and toys, such as a gyrocopter, inline skates, a skateboard and an antique frisbee which could be very dangerous in the wrong hands. He does not say much except "dude" and "cool".
One day, while surfing in the Caribbean Sea off the coast of the Grenada islands, Greendog is knocked off his surfboard by the biggest freak wave he has ever seen, and falls unconscious in the sea. When he wakes on the beach, he is apparently in another version of our world, or at least some form of very vivid dreamworld, and a mysterious and apparently magical gold pendant is tied around his neck and he is unable to remove it. His girlfriend Bambi—a beautiful, buxom blonde woman in a red bikini—finds him and explains to Greendog that the pendant is of Aztec origin and carries a terrible curse; it dooms the wearer to be attacked by animals and wild primeval creatures and, worst of all, will prohibit surfing.
The only way that Greendog can lift the curse is to travel to a lost Aztec civilization and track down six pieces of a sacred Aztec treasure which were scattered across the Caribbean Islands, so that the pieces can be put back together, and ultimately so that Greendog can remove both the curse and the pendant. However, nobody knows exactly where the pieces of the treasure are.
Gameplay
The gameplay requires players to survive several side-scrolling levels, armed with only a flying disc that they can shoot at enemies to destroy them or at various objects such as totem poles, in order to obtain food and therefore reduce the damage meter.
The game has some homages to earlier side-scrolling adventure games, such as Pitfall! as the character often has to swing on vines to advance and many of the levels take place in a tropical jungle or in an ancient Mesoamerican temple. Many levels require the player to use a skateboard or inline skates to advance. The six levels cover the Caribbean islands of Grenada, Mustique, Curaçao, Jamaica, Saba, and finally St. Vincent. The latter level is in a volcanic state and is where the temple and final piece of treasure are found.
Reception
An October 1992 review in GameFan Magazine gave Greendog a rating of 71.5%. The game currently has some positive reviews on MobyGames which praise the innovative style and atmosphere of the game, especially the calypso music soundtrack, yet also stating that the platformer genre and the central character of "Greendog" were both lacking in originality.
In Retro Gamer, writer Ashley Day criticized Greendog, though she also stated "it's not a particularly bad game". She called the game a clone of Pitfall! that suffers from poor character design.
Angry Video Game Nerd also reviewed this game in 2021 on his Youtube Channel.
References
External links
1992 video games
Platform games
Game Gear games
Sega video games
Sega Genesis games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in the Caribbean
Single-player video games
Sega Technical Institute games
The 2016 KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships in speed skating were held in Heerenveen at the Thialf ice skating rink from 22 January to 23 January 2016. The tournament was part of the 2015–2016 speed skating season. Kai Verbij and Sanneke de Neeling won the sprint titles. The sprint championships were held at the same time as the 2016 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships.
Schedule
Medalist
Men's sprint
Women's sprint
Classification
Men's sprint
Women's sprint
Source:
References
KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships
KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships
2016 Sprint
The 44th Iowa Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was among scores of regiments that were raised in the summer of 1864 as A Hundred Days Men, an effort to augment existing manpower for an all-out push to end the war within 100 days.
Service
The 44th Iowa Infantry was organized at Davenport, Iowa, and mustered in for one-hundred days Federal service on June 1, 1864, as part of a plan to raise short-term regiments for service as rear area garrison duty to release veteran troops for Sherman's Atlanta Campaign. The 44th Iowa garrisoned strategic points in the Memphis, Tennessee, district.
The regiment was mustered out at Davenport on September 15, 1864.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 996 men served in the 44th Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
It suffered 2 enlisted men who were killed in action or who died of their wounds and 15 enlisted men who died of disease, for a total of 17 fatalities.
Commanders
Colonel Stephen H. Henderson
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1864
1864 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations disestablished in 1864
1864 disestablishments in Iowa
Scrap Happy Daffy is a 1943 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes short directed by Frank Tashlin. The cartoon was released on August 21, 1943, and stars Daffy Duck.
In the World War II-themed story, Daffy is the guard of a scrapyard, doing his part to help the United States win the war against the Nazis, but the Nazis decide to destroy his scrap pile by sending a billy goat out to eat everything in sight.
The short was the final appearance of Daffy Duck in black and white theatrical cartoons.
Scrap Happy Daffy lapsed into the public domain in the United States in 1971.
Plot
Daffy is a guard at a scrap pile, encouraging Americans to "Get the tin out", "Get the iron out" and especially "Get the lead out". Singing We're in to Win, Daffy goes over the various things Americans can send to help with the war effort. He calls Hitler "Schikelgruber", which is the birth name of his father. However, Fuehrer Adolf Hitler who reads about Daffy's scrap pile helping to beat Benito Mussolini, isn't very happy about this and responds to this by giving his men the following order: "Destroy that scrap pile!"
With the word out, a Nazi German submarine fires a torpedo to the scrap pile — which has a billy goat inside, and the goat immediately starts eating everything in sight. Daffy, hearing the noise, tries to find out what's making the noise. After temporarily pointing a rifle at a reflection of himself (thinking that he cornered someone else), Daffy finds the goat hiccuping with the garbage inside him and amiably offers him a glass of Alka-Seltzer. However, when Daffy sees the swastika that the goat (whom he derides as a "tin termite") is wearing on his collar, he starts messing with the goat. Temporarily getting the better of the goat, Daffy is almost undone when he tries to whack the goat with a mallet - but the mallet gets stuck in the goat's horns and the goat knocks Daffy around.
Daffy is ready to call it quits (saying "What I'd give for a can of spinach now", a direct reference to Popeye whose theatrical cartoons are now owned by WB, but at the time were a major competitor to them), but is encouraged by the ghosts of his 'ancestors' — ducks who landed on Plymouth Rock, who encamped at Valley Forge with George Washington, who explored with Daniel Boone, who sailed with John Paul Jones, and who stood in for Abraham Lincoln. Daffy's spirits back up when he realizes, "Americans don't give up, and I'm an American... duck!", and then he turns into "Super American" in a reference to Superman (whose owner, DC Comics, is now a WB subsidiary itself). Daffy flies after the goat, knocking him around. The goat makes a run for the submarine, but Daffy repels all bullets shot at him and starts yanking on the periscope. Just then, the scene changes to Daffy yanking on a fire hose and getting hosed down. Daffy wakes up, thinking it was all just a dream — until he looks up at the Nazi submarine sitting on top of the scrap pile, where the Nazis tell Daffy, "Next time you dream, include us out!"
Reception
Animator Eric Goldberg writes, "Despite the film's jingoistic nature, it still boasts all the hallmarks of a great Tashlin cartoon: Dynamic, stylized poses in the animation. Graphically styled layouts and backgrounds. And outrageous humor — we dissolve from the back end of a horse with a black tail to the forelock on Adolf's face; the goat is capable of doing a four-footed military goosestep. Scrap Happy Daffy is one of the classic World War II propaganda cartoons."
Home media
This cartoon was colorized in 1995, with a computer adding color to a new print of the original black and white cartoon. This preserved the quality of the original animation. However, this new colorized version was never broadcast on American television, presumably due to its outdated subject matter. A clip of this cartoon (which, oddly, was featured colorized and restored) was shown on a documentary about World War II-era cartoons ("ToonHeads: The Wartime Cartoons") and on a documentary on Frank Tashlin on the third volume of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection, and is featured independently on the Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5 and the Looney Tunes Platinum Collection: Volume 3. (shown in its original black and white format). The original black and white cartoon is also available as a special feature for the DVD release of the Warner Bros. 1943 movie Air Force. This cartoon has now fallen into the public domain because the copyright was not renewed after 1971, as such, it can be found on low budget public domain vhses and DVDs.
Voice cast
Mel Blanc - Daffy Duck, Adolf Hitler, Nazi Soldiers, Submarine Captain, Billy Goat, Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Uncle Dillingham Duck, Minuteman Duck, Pioneer Duck, Admiral Duck, Lincoln Duck & Daffy's Ancestors
Dorothy Lloyd - Whistle
References
External links
1943 films
1943 animated films
American World War II propaganda shorts
American black-and-white films
Looney Tunes shorts
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
Short films directed by Frank Tashlin
Cultural depictions of Adolf Hitler
Cultural depictions of Benito Mussolini
Cultural depictions of Hideki Tojo
Cultural depictions of Abraham Lincoln
1940s American animated films
Animation based on real people
World War II films made in wartime
Daffy Duck films
Films produced by Leon Schlesinger
Films scored by Carl Stalling
Myo Kyawt Myaing (; ; born 29 April 1971) is a Burmese singer, record producer and audio engineer. He was one of the most successful Burmese singers in the 1990s and 2000s, and is considered one of the most influential recording artists for having introduced rap music to Myanmar. He has released 11 albums and at least 34 compilation albums. Despite his "godfather of Burmese rap" moniker, his songs mainly consist of dance, synthpop and remixed music. Myo Kyawt Myaing is Governor Sitke Maung Htaw Lay's four times great-grandnephew.
Early life
Myo Kyawt Myaing was born on 29 April 1971 in Yangon to May May Tin, a teacher, and Kyawt Myaing, a pilot with the Union of Burma Airways. The youngest of four siblings, he has two elder sisters and an elder brother. From his father's side, Myaing has Mon ancestry, and hails from a long line of British colonial era senior civil servants and Konbaung period nobility. He grew up in the affluent Seven-Mile Junction neighborhood, and attended the elite TTC School. He enrolled at the University of Yangon, majoring in geology in 1987 but was left stranded a year later when the military government shut down all the schools in the country, following the 8888 Uprising.
Career
1989–2000
It was during this hiatus that his music career began in earnest. He had been dabbling in songwriting since 1986, and in 1989 founded a band called Virus 3. He came to decide that he would continue his education in a field related to music, and he enrolled at the SAE Institute, Singapore in 1990. After graduating from the school with a degree in audio and music production in 1992, he returned to Myanmar, and released his first album Moe Dway Ywa Nay Chein Khana later that year. The album consisted of mostly Eurodance-influenced tracks such as "Einmet Met De" and more conventional pop songs like "A-Chit Mya Zwa A-Twet" but also contained a remixed rap version of J Maung Maung's classic "Kyanaw Ma Kaung Bu". He followed up with his 1994 album Virus 3, whose title track "Rap N Roll" was essentially Eurodance-themed rap. Both albums were well received, and were to leave a lasting influence on the local music scene. He came to be recognized as the "godfather of Burmese rap" and someone who "introduced rap to Burmese listeners."
2000–06
Despite his notoriety as a rap pioneer, Myaing had always considered himself more than a rapper. His musical sensibilities lay more with remixing Eurodance and American rap hits and with creating more soulful, if heavily synthesized, love songs. His third album 2000 Remix (2000) showcased not only his remixing skills but also his songwriting skills. To be sure, his songwriting, like that of most Burmese pop songwriters of the day, consisted mainly of sampling or covering foreign songs and inserting Burmese lyrics in them. The artists he has sampled/covered range from the likes of Dr. Dre, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, NWA to Nirvana to Eurodance acts like Fatboy Slim and Rimini Project. He has also remixed and covered several Burmese hits of previous eras, ranging from older covers of Western songs like Gangawdaw Myo Aung's "Moe Baw Hma Nay Gyin De" to older original-tune hits like Mar Mar Aye's "Sinza Ya Ohn Me".
The 2000s saw his music increasingly charting its own course. The Burmese rap/hip-hop scene was turning more hardcore, with the success of Acid's debut album Sa-Tin Chein (2000). Myaing forged ahead with his own brand of dance themed, remixed, rap-influenced music, epitomized by "Thagya Min", and "A-Hmat-Ta-Ya Thingyan", as well as slower synthpop songs like "Hsu Taung Ge Bu De" and "Thissa Shi Gyay". In 2003, he declared his ambition to be more than a rapper with "Rap Thachin Hso Yin", naturally by rapping in both Burmese and English that he "absolutely does not like rap". To be sure, he never completely abandoned his rap roots or bravado. His 2004 "My Name is Myo Kyawt Myaing" announces that:
My name is Myo Kyawt Myaing
I'm from Seven-Mile
My father's U Kyawt Myaing and he's a pilot
My mother's a teacher...
I've had a lot of girlfriends
They're all temporary
As everybody knows, as everybody knows, as everybody knows
His unique brand of music achieved enormous success in Myanmar, culminating in Lu Phyit Ya De Dokkha (2004). Several songs from the album became his standards. His success enabled him to increase production values of his music videos for the Dokkha album.
2007–present
At the peak of popularity in the mid-2000s, Myaing was involved in several compilation albums with other artists. Most of his albums since the late 2000s have been with other artists. Over his career, he has appeared in at least 34 compilation albums with other artists. He has released three major albums since 2009. He collaborated with the top film actress and singer Htun Aeindra Bo in Da-Ge Ma Chit Phe Ne (2009). In 2012, he released his first solo album Gaba Gyi A-Pyin-Bet since 2004 although the album included a few of his past hits like "Rap Thachin Hso Yin" and "Thissa Shi Gyay". His latest album Pyissoppan, featuring Alex and Yan Yan Chan, was released in 2013.
Myaing has devoted part of his time to teaching audio engineering since 2013 when he began working as a lecturer at the Myanmar Media Development Center.
Personal life
Myaing has been married twice. He married Thwin Pa-Pa Aung, a physician, on his 39th birthday in 2010 but the marriage ended in divorce less than two months later on 24 June 2010. He married Jan Jann on 1 May 2013. The marriage ended in divorce in 2016.
Discography
Albums
Moe Dway Ywa Nay Chein Khana (1992)
Virus 3 (1994)
2000 Remix (2000)
A-Haung-Zon Tay Mya (1998)
Thadi Ya Yin Pi Da Be (2000) with Kabya Bwe Hmu
A-Kaung-Zon Tay Mya (2004) – The Greatest Hits
My Name is Myo Kyawt Myaing (2001)
Myo Kyawt Myaing.Com(2002)
Lu Phyit Ya De Dokkha (2004)
Da-Ge Ma Chit Phe Ne (2009) with Htun Aeindra Bo
Gaba Gyi A-Pyin-Bet (1993)
Pyissoppan (2013) with Alex, Yan Yan Chan
Compilation albums
According to the Burmese music site, Myanmar MP3, Myo Kyawt Myaing has participated in at least 34 compilation albums.
TV show
He was involved as a Judge in Myanmar Idol season 3 (2018).
Notes
References
Bibliography
1971 births
21st-century Burmese male singers
20th-century Burmese male singers
Burmese singer-songwriters
People from Yangon Region
Burmese people of Mon descent
Living people
Thomas Paul was an Irish Anglican priest in the second half of the 18th century.
A graduate of Trinity College, Dublin, he was Dean of Cashel from 1758 until his resignation in 1769. His wife was the sister of Bishop James Hawkins.
References
Deans of Cashel
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
Carcar–Barili Road is a road connecting the city and municipality of Carcar and Barili in the Philippines. The road forms a part of National Route 830 and is the only road assigned to National Route 83.
History
During late October, the road received its markers. Recently, N83 was carved out from N830 since the section connected Carcar and Barili, which both had a population 80-100,000 people.
References
Roads in Cebu
Gnorismoneura serrata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China.
The wingspan is 14-16.5 mm for males and 18–19.5 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is yellowish brown, scattered with some short strigulae (fine streaks) and black patterns. The hindwings are dark grey.
Etymology
The specific name is derived from the Latin word serratus (meaning serrate or having tooth-like projections) and refers to the dorsally serrate aedeagus.
References
Moths described in 2004
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Chesterton Academy of The Holy Family is a Catholic high school located in Lisle, Illinois. The school is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Joliet in Illinois.
A cardiologist named Sean Tierney co-founded the school in Downers Grove, Illinois, along with local business owner, Brenie Bowles. The school, which uses the curriculum of the Chesterton Academy in Minnesota, opened on August 24, 2015. The curriculum intentionally does not emphasize technology in the classroom, believing that students perform better with traditional learning materials. The school has many athletic teams, which compete in the IHSA, including girls' volleyball, boys' and girls' soccer and boys' and girls' basketball. In 2018–2019, their men's rugby team had their debut season.
References
External links
Chesterton Academy of The Holy Family
Catholic secondary schools in Illinois
Roman Catholic Diocese of Joliet in Illinois
Lisle, Illinois
2015 establishments in Illinois
Schools in DuPage County, Illinois
Beykonak is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Amer Šašivarević (born 8 October 1994) is a Bosnian-American professional footballer who plays as a defender.
Career
Early and collegiate
Šašivarević grew up playing club soccer in Salt Lake City before being picked up by the Real Salt Lake youth academy in Casa Grande, Arizona. Where he found himself as a highly recruited athlete picking up interest from schools in the Pac-12 Conference, West Coast Conference and Western Athletic Conference.
Šašivarević accepted an offer to play four years of college soccer at Grand Canyon University between 2013 and 2017. for Petar Draksin and Schellas Hyndman.
While at college, Šašivarević appeared for USL PDL side Lane United FC during their 2016 season.
Professional
On 21 January 2018, Šašivarević was selected 57th overall in the 2018 MLS SuperDraft by FC Dallas. However, he was not signed by the club and spent 2018 with USL PDL side Ogden City SC.
On 15 January 2019, joined USL Championship side Oklahoma City Energy.
Personal life
Šašivarević was born in Munich, Germany to Bosnian parents who had fled the Bosnian War. The family emigrated to Utah in the United States
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
German footballers
Soccer players from Utah
Footballers from Munich
Association football defenders
Grand Canyon Antelopes men's soccer players
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
Lane United FC players
OKC Energy FC players
FC Dallas draft picks
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Eddie Ray Fisher (born December 17, 1973) is an American musician and songwriter. He is the drummer for American pop rock band OneRepublic. Eddie grew up in Mission Viejo, California and currently resides in Denver, Colorado, where OneRepublic is based. Fisher joined OneRepublic in 2005, and has been the band's drummer ever since.
Personal life
Fisher became interested in drumming when he was in seventh grade after he saw a U2 concert in the Tempe Stadium, Arizona.
Eddie has been married to Rhiannon Adler since 2017.
OneRepublic
He joined the band in 2006 after playing with the band's former bassist. Fisher has also been credited for writing songs such as: Say (All I Need), Stop & Stare, "Someone to Save You", "Won't Stop" and "All Fall Down" off OneRepublic's debut album Dreaming Out Loud. He also contributed to writing the song "Good Life" from the band's second album, Waking Up. He did not write any songs on their third album, Native. He also helped co-write the song “Colors” on the international deluxe edition of their 2016 album, Oh My My (album).
Outside of OneRepublic
Fisher is known to have drummed on numerous tracks for the band The Violet Burning. He is credited for drumming on tracks such as "Save You" and "If I Can't Have You" (Kelly Clarkson). He also drummed on the track "Please Don't Stop The Rain" (James Morrison). He also writes songs for other artists.
References
1973 births
Living people
Musicians from Hillsboro, Oregon
People from Mission Viejo, California
Musicians from California
OneRepublic members
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
21st-century American drummers
OneRepublic
Amadou Bakayoko (born 1 January 1996) is a Sierra Leonean professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bolton Wanderers and the Sierra Leone national football team.
Career
Bakayoko was born in Sierra Leone but lived in Guinea until the age of six, before moving to the Netherlands where he lived until he was 10. After moving to England, he began playing in Birmingham before winning a scholarship at Walsall. After prolific goalscoring at youth and reserve team level, Bakayoko was offered a one-year professional contract at Walsall in December 2013. He made his debut for the "Saddlers" on 5 April, replacing Michael Ngoo 68 minutes into a 1–0 defeat to Port Vale at Vale Park.
On 9 October 2014, Bakayoko joined Conference Premier side Southport on a month's loan. He made a scoring debut as a substitute in Southport's 2–0 victory over Braintree Town. Bakayoko scored his second goal for Southport in a 3–2 victory over Nuneaton Town on 22 November 2014.
Bakayoko joined Worcester City on a one–month loan deal on 15 January 2016 and scored three league goals in the National League North for the club.
He scored his first goals for Walsall when he scored a hat-trick in an EFL Trophy tie against Grimsby Town on 30 August 2016. He scored his first league goal in a 3–2 win over Shrewsbury Town on 15 October 2016, though he was later sent off in the same match.
His contract was extended by Walsall at the end of the 2017–18 season after the club exercised an option.
On 7 August 2018, Bakayoko joined League One side Coventry City for an undisclosed fee, signing a two-year deal. On 12 May 2021, it was announced that he would leave Coventry at the end of the season, following the expiry of his contract.
On 25 June 2021, Bakayoko joined League One side Bolton Wanderers on a two-year deal. His competitive debut came on 7 August in a 3–3 draw against Milton Keynes Dons, with him scoring on his debut to put Bolton 2–1 up.
International career
On 17 March 2022, he was called up for the Sierra Leone national football team for the first time in his career.
He was also eligible for the Guinea national football team.
He made his debut for Sierra Leone on 23 March 2022, as the side lost 3-0 to Togo in an international friendly. He scored his first goal for them five days later, as he scored the only goal in a 1–0 win against Liberia.
Career statistics
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
People from Kenema
Sierra Leonean footballers
Sierra Leone international footballers
Association football forwards
Walsall F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
AFC Telford United players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Worcester City F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
Sierra Leonean expatriate footballers
Sierra Leonean expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
HD 103079 is a class B4V (blue main-sequence) star in the constellation Musca. Its apparent magnitude is 4.89 and it is approximately 362 light years away from Earth based on parallax. It is a member of the Lower Centaurus–Crux subgroup of the Scorpius–Centaurus association, a group of predominantly hot blue-white stars that share a common origin and proper motion across the galaxy.
It has one reported companion with a magnitude of 7.41 and separation 1.549".
References
Musca (constellation)
B-type main-sequence stars
103079
Lower Centaurus Crux
057851
4549
PD-64 01724
The Piraeus University of Applied Sciences (, A.E.I. Πειραιά Τ.Τ.), also known as Technological Education Institute of Piraeus (TEIPIR), was a public higher education institute supervised by the Ministry of Education and Research. It was created by a special law in 1976 as a merging result of the Anastasiadis School (founded in 1947) and the Sivitanidios School (founded in 1957), and was established with the 1983 related law (Ν.1404/1983).
In 2018 TEI of Piraeus merged with TEI of Athens forming the newly established University of West Attica ().
Overview
The Piraeus University of Applied Sciences used to provide a high level of technological education and applied research in the equivalent taught areas, offering more than twenty different degrees that range from Engineering to Economics and Business Administration.
The school was one of the independent and self-administrated Applied Sciences Universities (also known as Technological Education Institutes) in accordance with the related Greek laws 2916/2001, 3549/2007 and 4009/2011. Technological Education Institutes differ from other Greek Universities in the applied character of their studies, placing emphasis on laboratory courses and internships.
Schools and departments
The institution included two Schools, consisting of nine Departments.
Postgraduate education
The Piraeus University of Applied Sciences used to offer several approved graduate courses independently or in cooperation with universities and abroad.
Campus
The university campus is in a grove 100,000 sq.m in the wider area which housed the Academy of Plato. The facilities are accessible with bus services and metro connection to the rest of Athens and are currently used by University of West Attica.
See also
List of universities in Greece
Technological Educational Institute of Athens
References
External links
TEI of Piraeus Official Website
University of West Attica Official Website
Hellenic Quality Assurance and Accreditation Agency (HQAA)
1976 establishments in Greece
Educational institutions established in 1976
Li Shanshan (; born February 22, 1992 in Huangshi, Hubei) is a Chinese gymnast known for her balance beam routines. She was a member of the Chinese silver medal-winning team at the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Stuttgart, Germany. There, she also won the silver medal on the balance beam, despite falling during a full spin, because her start value (A-score) was a 7.3, much higher than the A-Score of gold-medalist Nastia Liukin, which was 6.6.
She was a member of the Chinese Olympic team and won a gold medal for the team event at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China. In qualifications for the balance beam event final, she placed first. However, during the event final, she fell on a full-twisting Korbut flip and placed 6th, scoring 15.300. Her last 2008 competition was the 14th Artistic Gymnastics World Cup in Madrid, Spain where she won a bronze medal on balance beam, with a score of 15.150.
She announced her retirement in December 2009 along with Xiao Sha.
Competition Highlights
Floor Music
2007 "Grieg's Piano Concerto in A minor" by Maksim
2007 World Championships "Wonder Land" by Maksim Mrvica
References
1992 births
Living people
Chinese female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Olympic gold medalists for China
Olympic gymnasts of China
People from Huangshi
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Gymnasts from Hubei
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Central University of Finance and Economics alumni
Markham Colliery may refer to:
Markham Colliery at Staveley, Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England, site of the Markham Colliery disaster
Markham Colliery in Markham, Caerphilly, Wales
Markham Main Colliery near Doncaster, England
Jarmo Valtonen (born 29 November 1982 in Espoo) is a Finnish long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2004 - Heerenveen, 27th
2005 - Heerenveen, 24th
2006 - Hamar, 23rd
2007 - Collalbo, 15th
2008 - Kolomna, 33rd
World Junior Allround Championships
1999 - Geithus, 29th
2000 - Seinäjoki, 22nd
2001 - Groningen, 19th
National Championships
2001 - Helsinki, 3rd at 10000 m
2001 - Helsinki, 3rd at allround
2001 - Harjavalta, 1st at 500 m
2001 - Harjavalta, 2nd at 1500 m
2001 - Harjavalta, 3rd at 5000 m
2002 - Seinäjoki, 2nd at 10000 m
2002 - Helsinki, 3rd at sprint
2003 - Seinäjoki, 2nd at 10000 m
2003 - Seinäjoki, 1st at allround
2004 - Helsinki, 1st at 5000 m
2004 - Seinäjoki, 2nd at 10000 m
2004 - Seinäjoki, 1st at allround
2004 - Helsinki, 2nd at 500 m
2005 - Helsinki, 3rd at 1000 m
2005 - Helsinki, 1st at 5000 m
2007 - Helsinki, 1st at allround
Nordic Junior Games
1999 - Helsinki, 3rd at 500 m
2000 - Chemnitz, 2nd at 500 m
2001 - Göteborg, 2nd at 1000 m
External links
Valtonen at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Valtonen at SkateResults.com
1982 births
Finnish male speed skaters
Living people
Sportspeople from Espoo
Keshav Vaman Bhole (, 23 May 1896 – 1967), also known as Keshavrao Bhole, was a well-known music composer and critic in Indian cinema.
He was the founder of a theatrical company called Natya-Manvantara. In 1933, he was admitted to Prabhat Film Company as a music composer.
His works include:
Amrit Manthan (1934)
Sant Tukaram (1936)
Kunku/Duniya Na Mane (1937)
Sant Dnyaneshwar (1940)
Das Baje/10 O'Clock (1940)
Ram Shastri (1944)
As a critique, he wrote under the pseudonyms 'Ekalavya' and 'Suddha Saranga'.
References
External links
1896 births
1967 deaths
20th-century Indian musicians
Hamadryas februa, the gray (or grey) cracker, is a species of cracker butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found from Argentina north through tropical America to Mexico. Rare strays can be found up to the lower Rio Grande Valley in southern Texas. The habitat consists of subtropical forests, forest edges and cultivated areas with trees.
The wingspan is 70–86 mm. The upperside is mottled brown and white although there is some red in the forewing cell bar. The hindwing eyespots have orange scales preceding black crescents. The underside of the hindwings is white and the submarginal eyespots are composed of a brown ring around a black crescent in a white center. Adults are on wing year round in the tropics and from August to October in southern Texas. They feed on sap and rotting fruit.
The larvae feed on Dalechampia and Tragia species. They are solitary and build resting platforms out of dung pellets.
Subspecies
Hamadryas februa februa (Brazil, Paraguay, Peru)
Hamadryas februa ferentina (Godart, [1824]) (southern Texas, Mexico, Honduras, Trinidad) – Ferentina calico
References
External links
butterfliesandmoths.org
Hamadryas (butterfly)
Butterflies described in 1823
Butterflies of North America
Nymphalidae of South America
Harsh Mahajan(ex- Animal Husbandry minister of Himachal Pradesh), son of a former Vidhan Sabha Speaker and Cabinet Minister Des Raj Mahajan and was born at Chamba on 12 December 1955. He has a B. Com. and MBA. He studied at Sriram College of Commerce, New Delhi and at Delhi University, New Delhi. He married Uma Mahajan on 7 June 1983.
He was the President of State Youth Congress from 1986 to 1995.
He got elected to the State Legislative Assembly first in November 1993 and again in 1998 and 2003.
He has been the Parliamentary Secretary from 1994 to 1998 and has served as Animal Husbandry Minister (at the Cabinet level). He is also a native speaker of English and Hindi.
On 28 September 2022, Himachal Pradesh state Congress working president and former cabinet minister Harsh Mahajan joined Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
References
People from Chamba, Himachal Pradesh
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians
Former members of Indian National Congress from Himachal Pradesh
Living people
1955 births
Himachal Pradesh MLAs 1993–1998
Himachal Pradesh MLAs 1998–2003
Himachal Pradesh MLAs 2003–2007
La Possession is a 1929 French film directed by Léonce Perret.
Cast
Francesca Bertini - Jessie Cordier
Pierre de Guingand - Marquis Serge de Châvres
Gil Roland - Max Brignon
Jeanne Aubert - Passerose
André Nox - Duc de Chavres
Marguerite de Morlaye - Bianca
External links
French films based on plays
French silent films
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Léonce Perret
1920s French films
Laird Glacier () is a tributary glacier, long, flowing northeast from the Supporters Range, Antarctica, to enter Keltie Glacier southeast of Ranfurly Point. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Robert J. Laird, a United States Antarctic Research Program biologist at McMurdo Station, 1963.
References
Glaciers of Dufek Coast
Suda may refer to:
Suda (surname)
Suda, Nepal, a village development committee in Kanchanpur District in the Mahakali Zone of south-western Nepal
Suda (river), a river in Vologda Oblast in Russia
Suda Station, a train station in Hashimoto, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan
Naka-Suda Station, a former railway station in Kaminokuni, Hokkaido, Japan
Suda Bay Passage, a channel through reef off the western coast of Australia
Suda Bay (ship), a 14.3 ton Australian motorboat
As Suda', a village in south-western Yemen
Suda Hachiman Shrine Mirror, a National Treasure of Japan
Hasaki Ya Suda, a 2011 Burkina Faso film
Scopula suda, a moth of the family Geometridae
Suda (marque), a Chinese carmaker
See also
Souda (disambiguation)
Joseph Kenner (June 24, 1794 – January 20, 1868) was an Austrian public official, artist and district governor of Freistadt and Bad Ischl. He is known for his acquaintance with the composer Franz Schubert.
Life and work
Kenner was born illegitimate in Vienna and raised by his mother (née Harl) in Linz with the musical von Spaun family. He attended the seminary of Kremsmünster Abbey from 1805 to 1811, where he met Franz von Schober and Franz von Schlechta. He then entered the Seminary of Vienna, where he met the composer Franz Schubert, who set several of his poems to music. His close friendship extended to others in Schubert's circle, including the painter Moritz von Schwind, who approved of Kenner's own paintings, including a cycle of martyr illustrations, Der Liedler.
Kenner shared his recollections of Schubert with Schubert's early biographer Ferdinand Luib in 1858. These were cited by Otto Erich Deutsch.
Kenner studied jurisprudence and political science and became an intern of the district and tax office in Linz in 1822 and promoted to magistrate in 1843. He served from 1850 to 1854 as district governor of Freistadt and from 1854 to 1857 of Ischl.
Kenner also collected coins for the Upper Austrian Museum Association (now the Landesmuseum). His sons Anton and Friedrich later found important positions in Austrian intellectual life and in the Austrian Academy of Sciences.
References
Schubert. Memoirs by his Friends. Collected and edited by Otto Erich Deutsch, etc. (A translation by Rosamond Ley and John Nowell. With plates, including portraits.). Adam & Charles Black: London, 1958.
External links
Biographisches Lexikon des Kaiserthums Oesterreich, Kenner in Wurzbach
Short biography (in German) at Landesmuseum
Kenner's illustrations of Linz in the 1820s.
Kenners poems, set in music by Franz Schubert
1794 births
1868 deaths
Artists from Vienna
Austrian Roman Catholics
Austrian politicians
Austrian numismatists
Herbert George-Williams is a Sierra Leonean politician and the former mayor of Freetown. He is from the People's Congress (APC) political party On January 17, 2008, George-Williams replaced ousted mayor Winstanley Bankole Johnson. Like Johnson, George-Williams also belongs to the Creole ethnic group. He was removed from office on various corruption charges but in the subsequent trial almost all were dismissed.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Mayors of Freetown
All People's Congress politicians
Sierra Leone Creole people
Egon Scotland (7 October 1948 – 26 July 1991) was a German journalist, who was killed while covering the Yugoslav Wars.
Biography
Scotland was a reporter for the Sueddeutsche Zeitung. In 1991 he travelled to the breaking Yugoslavia to cover the Croatian War of Independence.
On 26 July 1991 he drove to Glina with RSH reporter because they heard that some journalist had gone missing. In Glina their car, clearly labelled "press", was targeted by the troops led by Serb paramilitary commander Dragan Vasiljković (nicknamed Captain Dragan). Scotland was shot in the abdomen and died in a hospital in Sisak. Other civilians were murdered in the same ambush.
Scotland was married to , also a journalist. Shortly after his death his colleagues founded the Munich-based association Journalisten helfen Journalisten (Journalists help Journalists, Jhl). His death contributed also to the foundation of the German section of Reporters Without Borders in 1994.
In 2015 Dragan Vasiljkovic, a dual citizen of Serbia and Australia, was extradited from Perth to Croatia, where in 2017 he was found guilty of war crimes, including the death of Scotland, and sentenced to 15 years of jail. According to Balkan Insight he was the only person to be convicted for the death of a journalist in the Balkan wars.
See also
List of journalists killed in Europe
References
External links
1948 births
1991 deaths
20th-century German journalists
Journalists killed while covering the Yugoslav Wars
The Fairey FB-1 Gyrodyne is an experimental British rotorcraft that used single lifting rotor and a tractor propeller mounted on the tip of the starboard stub wing to provide both propulsion and anti-torque reaction.
Design and development
In April 1946, Fairey announced a private-venture project for a rotary-wing aircraft, to be built to a design developed by Dr. J.A.J. Bennett while he was chief technical officer at the Cierva Autogiro Company in 1936–1939. The Gyrodyne, constituting a third distinct type of rotorcraft and designated C.41 by the Cierva Autogiro Company, was in 1938 successfully tendered to the Royal Navy in response to Specification S.22/38 for a naval helicopter. Though preliminary work started on the project, it was abandoned with the outbreak of the Second World War, and G & J Weir, Ltd., the financiers of the Cierva Autogiro Company, declined to undertake further development in addition to their successful experiments with the W.5 and W.6 lateral twin-rotor helicopters. After the Second World War, the Cierva Autogiro Company was engaged with the development of the Cierva W.9 "Drainpipe" and the W.11 Air Horse helicopters under the direction of Cyril Pullin, and Bennett joined Fairey in late 1945 as head of the newly established rotary wing aircraft division.
The Gyrodyne was a compact, streamlined rotorcraft weighing just over 4,410 lb (2,000 kg) and powered by a Alvis Leonides 522/2 radial engine, the power from which could be transmitted in variable ratios to the fixed-shaft/swashplate-actuated tilting hub-controlled rotor and the wing tip mounted propeller. The Gyrodyne possessed the hovering capability of a helicopter, while its propeller provided the necessary thrust for forward flight to enable its rotor, driven at low torque in cruise flight, to operate at low collective pitch with the tip-path plane parallel to the flight path to minimise vibration at high airspeed. Collective pitch was an automatic function of throttle setting and power loading of the propeller, which to maintain rpm diverted torque away from the rotor as airspeed increased.
A government contract to Specification E.4/46 was awarded for two prototypes with the first Fairey Gyrodyne exhibited as an almost complete airframe at White Waltham on 7 December 1946.
Testing and evaluation
On 4 December 1947, the first of the two prototypes took off from White Waltham airfield, and continued to build up flying time until March 1948 when it was dismantled for a thorough examination. The second prototype, basically similar to the first but with more comfortable interior furnishings befitting its role as a passenger demonstrator, was flying by the time of the next SBAC Farnborough Airshow, in September 1948. The first prototype was reassembled and, following further test flying, took part in an attempt to set a new world helicopter speed record in a straight line.
On 28 June 1948, flown by test pilot Basil Arkell, the Gyrodyne made two flights in each direction over a low altitude two mile (3 km) long course at White Waltham, achieving 124 mph (200 km/h), enough to secure the record. A maximum airspeed of was achieved during the flight keeping seven inches of boost in reserve in the event a rapid climb became necessary as the flight was conducted at an altitude of less than above the ground. An attempt was to be made in April 1949 to set a 62 mi (100 km) closed-circuit record, but two days before the date selected a poorly machined flapping link in the rotor hub failed during flight and resulted in the crash of the aircraft at Ufton, near Reading, killing the pilot, Foster H. Dixon and observer, Derek Garraway.
The Gyrodyne had been selected for use by the British Army for use in Malaya, beating both the Westland S.51 Dragonfly (a licence-built Sikorsky design) and the Bristol 171 Sycamore, with an order for six approved by the Treasury at the time of the accident. Though the Gyrodyne's projected performance was significantly better than that of the Dragonfly, and was expected to be in service earlier than the Sycamore, the crash of the first prototype delayed the development programme and the Army, having no other choice, acquired three S.51 Dragonflies, followed by Sycamores at a later date.
Second prototype
The second Gyrodyne was grounded during the accident investigation which determined flapping hinge retaining nut failure due to poor machining as the cause. The extensively modified second prototype, renamed Jet Gyrodyne, flew in January 1954. Though retaining the name "Gyrodyne", the Jet Gyrodyne was a compound gyroplane, and did not operate on the same principle as the original aircraft. It had a two-blade rotor manually controlled with cyclic and collective pitch mechanisms that acted directly on each rotor blade and was driven by tip jets fed with air from two compressors driven by the Alvis Leonides radial engine. Pusher propellers, one mounted at the tip of each stub wing, provided yaw control through differential collective pitch and thrust for forward flight. The Jet Gyrodyne was constructed to provide rotor drive and operational data for the Fairey Rotodyne compound gyroplane.
The Jet Gyrodyne is on display at the Museum of Berkshire Aviation, Woodley, Reading.
Specifications (Fairey FB-1 Gyrodyne)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Apostolo, Giorgio. The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Helicopters. New York: Bonanza Books, 1984. .
Charnov, Dr. Bruce H. The Fairey Rotodyne: An Idea Whose Time Has Come – Again? (Based on Charnov, Dr. Bruce H. From Autogiro to Gyroplane: The Amazing Survival of an Aviation Technology. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger Publishers, 2003. .) Retrieved: 18 May 2007.
Green, William and Gerald Pollinger. The Observer's Book of Aircraft, 1958 edition. London: Fredrick Warne & Co. Ltd., 1958.
Taylor, H.A. Fairey Aircraft since 1915. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press, 1974. .
Taylor, John W.R. Jane's Pocket Book of Research and Experimental Aircraft. London: Macdonald and Jane's Publishers Ltd, 1976. .
Winchester, Jim, ed. "Fairey Rotodyne." Concept Aircraft (The Aviation Factfile). Rochester, Kent, UK: Grange Books plc, 2005. .
Gyrodynes
1950s British experimental aircraft
Gyrodyne
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Mid-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1947
Asymmetrical aircraft
Adolf Hermann Freiherr Marschall von Bieberstein (12 October 1842 in Karlsruhe – 24 September 1912 in Badenweiler) was a German politician and State Secretary of the Foreign Office of the German Empire.
Biography
Marschall von Bieberstein's father, Augustus Marschall von Bieberstein, was chamberlain to the Grand Duke of Baden, and his mother, before her marriage, was Baroness von Falkenstein. He was educated at the Gymnasium of Frankfurt am Main, and studied jurisprudence at the Universities of Freiburg and Heidelberg. He was a member of the Corps Suevia, a Studentenverbindung.
After finishing his studies, he started on a career in government, working as a prosecutor in Mosbach und Mannheim. His career as a politician began in 1875, as a representative in the First Chamber of Baden; from 1878 to 1881 he was also a member of the Reichstag for the German Conservative Party and at first supported Bismarck, but then he undertook an oppositional stance towards Bismarck, after the latter turned towards the conservatives in 1879. From 1883 to 1890 Marschall von Bieberstein was the envoy of the Grand Duchy of Baden in Berlin, and participated in the fall of Bismarck in 1890.
In 1890 he succeeded Herbert von Bismarck as State Secretary of the Foreign Office under Otto von Bismarck's successor Leo von Caprivi. When he first assumed office, he incurred the enmity of Bismarck by refusing his advice. The result was a fierce press campaign against Marschall von Bieberstein. He supported Caprivi's reconciliation policy through trade agreements and sought compromise with Britain. After Caprivi's dismissal in 1894, Marschall von Bieberstein succeeded him as Foreign Minister of Prussia while remaining State Secretary under the new Chancellor Chlodwig zu Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst.
Marschall von Bieberstein was increasingly involved in disputes with Wilhelm II, who aspired to have a greater personal influence on foreign policy. He was also opposed by the Agrarians because he advocated the reduction of corn duties. In 1897, he was dismissed from both his offices and replaced by Bernhard von Bülow.
Marschall von Bieberstein was transferred to Constantinople as ambassador. Through economic co-operation between the German and the Ottoman Empire, he wanted to extend Germany's relations with the Orient. The Baghdad Railway played a central role in this. Thanks to Marschall von Bieberstein's efforts, a predominantly German consortium received the concession to build the Baghdad Railway.
Marschall von Bieberstein was the representative of the German Empire at the Second Peace Conference in The Hague in 1907. An advocate of a strong naval policy for Germany, he was the exponent of Germany's resolute and successful opposition to any practical discussion of the question of restriction of armaments.
In 1912, shortly prior to his death, he became ambassador in London. He received the task to achieve a turnaround in the tense Anglo-German relations. Shortly after taking office, however, he died on 24 September 1912, aged 69.
References
External links
1842 births
1912 deaths
Politicians from Karlsruhe
People from the Grand Duchy of Baden
Barons of Germany
German Protestants
German Conservative Party politicians
Foreign Secretaries of Germany
Members of the 4th Reichstag of the German Empire
Ambassadors of Germany to Turkey
Ambassadors of Germany to the United Kingdom
University of Freiburg alumni
Heidelberg University alumni
Honorary Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
The Estelle Mouzin case is a French criminal case which began on 9 January 2003 with the disappearance of Estelle Mouzin in the city of Guermantes in France. Estelle Mouzin was a nine-year-old girl who was returning from school when she disappeared.
For a long time, this disappearance was not solved and the investigation remained at a standstill. But sixteen and a half years later, on 27 November 2019, Michel Fourniret, a pedophile serial killer already sentenced to life imprisonment, became the main suspect: he was indicted for "kidnapping and false imprisonment followed by death". Then, on January 24, 2020, Monique Olivier, his former wife, claimed that he had indeed killed Estelle Mouzin; finally, on March 6, 2020, this claim was confirmed with Michel Fourniret's confession.
Each year, a march is organised in memory of Estelle Mouzin.
Disappearance
On Thursday 9 January 2003, Estelle Mouzin, a nine-year-old girl, disappeared on the way back from school in Guermantes. She was seen for the last time in front of a bakery, while she was returning to the house of her mother, Suzanne Mouzin, who was in the process of divorce from the girl's father, Eric Mouzin. Her mother reported the fact she was missing to the local police station shortly after 7 P.M. Her disappearance sparked huge media coverage all over the country.
Investigations
First suspect
The first person to be suspected was serial killer Michel Fourniret, who was arrested in June 2003 in Belgium. However, after consideration, the police discounted Fourniret because he seemed to have an alibi, namely, a phone call was made from his home at the time of Estelle Mouzin's disappearance.
Two weeks before Mouzin's disappearance, a girl of the same age was almost kidnapped by a man in a white van, from which she was able to make a facial composite. When Fourniret was suspected, investigators showed his photo to the girl, who said it wasn't him who tried to kidnap her. While taking the police to a place he buried one of his victims, Fourniret described the clothes his victim was wearing, and it was very close to those Mouzin wore the day she disappeared.
Despite Fourniret's "alibi" and denial of any involvement, Fourniret became a suspect again when the police found at his home a video recording and photos of the girl on his computer. However, in 2007 the police abandoned pursuit of the case against Fourniret, citing his "alibi" and the lack of sufficient supporting evidence.
The scope of the inquiry, led by the Commissioner Jean-Marc Bloch, was unprecedented; more than 130 persons were interrogated by the police and all the houses of the city were searched.
2008 investigations
Further arrests took place on Thursday 31 January 2008 in the cities of Brie-Comte-Robert and Lognes (Seine-et-Marne). The Royal Wok restaurant in Brie-Comte-Robert was searched, after suspicion that human remains might be found. On February 1, this theory proved groundless as only animal remains were uncovered at the restaurant
2009 onward investigations
In 2010, the French authorities launched a new call for witnesses by disseminating a computer-aged portrait of Estelle Mouzin. Ten years later, in March 2020, Michel Fourniret confessed to having killed Mouzin.
2020 investigations
Excavations were planned in 2020 at two sites in the Ardennes.
On 23 January 2020, Michel Fourniret, in front of judge Sabine Khéris, asserted that his memory "got the better of him" but that he had to be "considered guilty" of Estelle Mouzin's disappearance. "I urge you to treat me as guilty," Michel Fourniret said. In order to verify whether his confession held true, Monique Olivier, Fourniret's ex-wife, had to be re-interrogated. According to Olivier, Fourniret was the man responsible for the kidnapping and murder of Estelle Mouzin.
On 24 January 2020, Olivier confirmed to the investigating judge Sabine Khéris that it was indeed her (and not Fourniret) who had phoned the home of Michel Fourniret's son on 9 January 2003, the day of the girl's disappearance, and that the girl presented the profile her husband was looking for. She added that Michel Fourniret had made reconnaissance sightings in the days preceding the abduction, and that one evening he returned from his hunt stating that he had spotted "a beautiful little target".
See also
List of people who disappeared
Notes and references
Bibliography
Christian English & Frédéric Thibaud, Affaires non classées, tome II (chapitre : la disparition d'Estelle Mouzin), First édition, 15 juin 2004, 294 pages,
Éric Mouzin (Estelle Mouzin's father) & Véronique de Bure, Retrouver Estelle (éditions Stock, 5 janvier 2011), 180 pages
Documentaries
France
« Avis de recherche », 2003, Envoyé spécial, France 2.
« La disparition d'Estelle Mouzin », 2003, Secrets d'actualité, M6.
« Estelle : entre enquête et oubli », 2006, Complément d'enquête, France 2.
« Disparition d'Estelle : mystère à Guermantes », 4 March 2009, Enquêtes criminelles : le magazine des faits divers, W9.
« Estelle Mouzin : les mystères d'une disparition », 31 March 2010, 90' faits divers, TMC.
« Disparition d'Estelle : le combat d'une famille », June 2011, TMC.
« Affaire Estelle Mouzin », 6 January 2012, Non élucidé, France 2.
« Estelle Mouzin - l'enquête », 9 February 2013, Les Faits Karl Zero, 13e Rue.
« Affaire Estelle Mouzin : 10 ans de mystère », 26 October 2013, Chroniques criminelles, NT1.
Belgium
« Estelle Mouzin : les nouvelles pistes », 29 May 2013, Devoir d'enquête, la Une & RTBF.
References
External links
Association Estelle
2000s missing person cases
2003 crimes in France
2003 in France
Missing person cases in France
Seine-et-Marne
January 2003 events in Europe
Missing French children
George Clark Phillips Brown (7 January 1907 – 1988) was a Scottish footballer who played for Rangers and the Scotland national team at left half.
Football career
Brown was born in Glasgow on 7 January 1907. He joined Rangers in September 1929 from Ashfield and made his debut against Ayr United in November of that year. He remained at Rangers for the remainder of his career, winning a total of seven League Championships and four Scottish Cups before retiring in 1942.
He was capped 19 times by Scotland, making his debut against Wales in October 1930. He captained Scotland on two occasions. Brown also played in one unofficial wartime international, in February 1941.
After football
After retiring from playing, Brown became a director at Rangers. He was also a school teacher, having graduated from the University of Glasgow, and became headmaster of Bellahouston Academy in Glasgow.
See also
List of Scotland national football team captains
List of Scotland wartime international footballers
References
External links
1907 births
1988 deaths
Date of death missing
Footballers from Glasgow
Association football wing halves
Scottish Football League players
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Rangers F.C. players
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Rangers F.C. non-playing staff
Scottish Football League representative players
Scotland wartime international footballers
Scottish schoolteachers
Ashfield F.C. players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Minnie Peak is a 5,610-ft (1,710 m) mountain summit located in Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, in Gifford Pinchot National Forest, in Skamania County of southwest Washington state. It is situated in the Cascade Range, one mile northeast of Coldwater Lake, and west of Mount Whittier. Its nearest higher neighbor is Mount Venus, to the northeast, Coldwater Peak rises to the south, and Mount St. Helens is to the south. Although modest in elevation, relief is significant as the summit rises 3,000 feet above the Coldwater Creek valley in less than one mile. Precipitation runoff from Minnie Peak drains south into Coldwater Creek, or north into Miners Creek, both of which are part of the North Fork Toutle River drainage basin. This peak's name is derived from the Minnie mining claim nearby along Miners Creek. The primary minerals extracted there were silver and copper.
Geology
The history of the formation of the Cascade Mountains dates back millions of years ago to the late Eocene Epoch. Geological events occurring many years ago created the diverse topography and drastic elevation changes over the Cascade Range leading to various climate differences. During the Pleistocene period dating back over two million years ago, glaciation advancing and retreating repeatedly scoured and shaped the landscape. With the North American Plate overriding the Pacific Plate, episodes of volcanic igneous activity occurred. The lateral blast from the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was pointed toward Minnie Peak and stripped the vegetation from its slopes. Due to Mount St. Helens' proximity to Minnie Peak, volcanic ash is common in the area. Minnie Peak and nearby Mount Whittier are composed of resistant granodiorite of the Spirit Lake pluton, which is a complex of once-molten rock that intruded the surrounding rocks approximately 20 million years ago.
Climate
Minnie Peak is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel northeast toward the Cascade Mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks of the Cascade Range (Orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the Cascades. As a result, the west side of the Cascades experiences high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall. During winter months, weather is usually cloudy, but due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months, there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer. The months July through September offer the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing this peak.
See also
Geology of the Pacific Northwest
List of mountain peaks of Washington (state)
References
External links
Weather forecast: Minnie Peak
Cascade Range
Mountains of Skamania County, Washington
Mountains of Washington (state)
Gifford Pinchot National Forest
John Stuart Scott (sometimes credited as John Scott or John S. Scott) is an American television director and producer who has directed episodes for several well-known series including Glee, The Office and Chuck.
Television work
Scott began his career behind the camera working on a number of films and television series and commercials in the camera dept. through the early nineties up until 2009 when he made his directorial debut on the Ryan Murphy drama series Nip/Tuck. In 2010, Scott directed the final episode of that series, "Hiro Yoshimura". Since then he has directed two more episodes for Ryan Murphy; "Acafellas" and "The Rhodes Not Taken", both from Glee's first season. He directed the third episode of the seventh season of the American version of The Office. The episode, entitled "Andy's Play", saw the character Andrew Bernard join the cast of a local production of Sweeney Todd. Scott has also directed for shows such as Scoundrels, Chuck, Love Bites, Gigantic, Outsourced, and American Horror Story. Suits, The Magicians. In 2015 he was Producer/Director on the hit show Mistresses/ABC.
References
External links
Website at
http://www.johnscottdirector.com
1966 births
American television directors
Living people
People from Long Beach, California
Crowders Mountain Township is a township in southwestern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. At the 2010 census, it had a population of 15,821.
The township contains the city of Bessemer City, a western portion of the city of Gastonia, and an eastern portion of the city of Kings Mountain. The township takes its name from Crowder's Mountain, a ridge in the western part of the township and home to Crowders Mountain State Park.
References
Townships in Gaston County, North Carolina
Townships in North Carolina
"So You Say" is the second and final single taken from Siobhán Donaghy's second studio album, Ghosts. It was co-written by Siobhan and producer–programmer James Sanger. The song was written about Donaghy's first relationship and the breakdown of it. Adam, although not the name of her love, was chosen, due to its biblical references, and the fact that Adam is a common name, so people can relate to it. Donaghy has said the song is a way of almost feeling sorry for herself. The single was also the final release from Ghosts, as well as her final single with Parlophone.
Reception
The single was released on 18 June 2007, with the album Ghosts following on 25 June 2007. Siobhán first previewed the song on 24 March 2007 where she sang an acoustic version on Capital FM. However, the final album version is very different from the acoustic version. The single charted at #76 in the United Kingdom, due to a lack of promotion.
Music video
The music video sees Siobhán walking through a mysterious house filled with winding corridors, and entering various rooms whilst following a strange man named "Adam". She is featured in a room with almost motionless birds and in another with shattered glass floating around her. Near the end of the video, Siobhan confronts "Adam", who seems to be almost "possessed" with his eyes and mouth glowing. She then kisses him and becomes "possessed" herself as seen in the screenshot. The video was filmed in an old magistrates' court. It was said to be inspired by the film Inland Empire, directed by David Lynch.
Track listing
UK CD single #1 and Digital download EP #1
"So You Say" - 3:54
"Don't Take Me Back" - 4:23
UK CD single #2
"So You Say" - 3:54
"Don't Give It Up" (Robert Cory Remix) - 2:07
"So You Say" (Acoustic) - 3:44
"So You Say" (Video) - 3:54
"So You Say" (Behind The Scenes) - 2:00
12" vinyl and Digital download EP #2
"So You Say" - 3:54
"Don't Give It Up" (Carl Craig Vox Remix) - 9:07
Digital download EP #3
"So You Say" - 3:54
"Don't Give It Up" (Robert Cory Remix) - 2:07
"So You Say" (Acoustic) - 3:44
Digital download EP #4
"So You Say" - 3:54
"So You Say" (Patrick Wolf Remix) - 4:11
"So You Say" (Robert Logan Remix) - 4:58
Charts
References
External links
"So You Say" music video
2007 singles
Siobhán Donaghy songs
Songs written by Siobhán Donaghy
Songs written by James Sanger
2007 songs
Parlophone singles
Terrie Sultan (born 28 October 1952) is an American independent curator and cultural consultant and Principal Museum Strategist for Art Museum Strategies @ Hudson Ferris, a boutique consulting firm based in New York City. AMS is a partnership of two experienced former art museum directors, Sultan and Robin Nicholson, offering consulting services in strategic planning, crisis management, operational structures and organizational assessment, board governance, and curatorial expertise to peers in the field, as well as fundraising in partnership with Hudson Ferris. Sultan was appointed Director of the Parrish Art Museum in Water Mill, New York in April 2008. During her tenure as Director of the Parrish she oversaw the $33 million capital campaign and the design and construction of a new facility located in Water Mill, NY, designed by the Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron. The Parrish broke ground on the project in July 2010 and opened the building to the public in November 2012. Sultan left her position in 2021 and launched AMS @ Hudson Ferris that same year.
Biography
Sultan was raised in North Carolina. Her brother is the artist and printmaker Donald Sultan, based in Sag Harbor, New York.
She served in the Peace Corps, stationed in Apia, Samoa (1977). assisting in the establishment of the newspaper Tautai.
Previously she has served in senior positions at the New Museum of Contemporary Art in New York as Director of Public Affairs and Public Programs (1986-1988), the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, DC, as Curator of Contemporary Art (1988-2000), and as Director and Chief Curator of the Blaffer Art Museum at the University of Houston (2000-2008). She has organized more than 40 exhibitions in her career, including Thomas Joshua Cooper: Refuge, From Lens to Eye to Hand: Photorealism 1969 to Today, Chantal Akerman: Moving through Time and Space, and Jessica Stockholder: Kissing the Wall, and Chuck Close Prints: Process and Collaboration.
She married artist Christopher C. French in 1988.
Publications
Sultan has published over 45 items, including books:
Thomas Joshua Cooper: Refuge (2019)
Renata Aller: Mountain Interval (2018)
Keith Sonnier: Until Today (2018)
From Lens to Eye to Hand: Photorealism 1969 to Today (2017)
Gursky: Landscapes (2016)
Dan Rizzie (with Mark Smith, 2015)
Jennifer Bartlett 1970-2011 (with Jennifer Bartlett and Klaus Ottmann, 2013)
Alice Aycock Drawings (with Jonathan Fineberg, 2013)Chantal Akerman (with Claudia Schmuckli, 2008)Populence (with David Pagel, 2008)Damaged Romanticism: A Mirror of Modern Emotion (with David Pagel, 2008)Jean Luc Mylayne (with Lynne Cooke, 2007)Katrina Moorhead (with Claudia Schmuckli, 2007)Tam van Tran: Psychonaut (2006)Urs Fischer: Mary Poppins (with Claudia Schmuckli, 2006)James Surls: the Splendora Years 1977-1997 (2005)Jane and Louise Wilson: Erewhon (2005)Dugout (contributor, 2005)Timothy App; a Selection of Works 1998-2005 (2005)Alain Bublex: Plug-In City (2005)Chuck Close Prints: Process and Collaboration (with Richard Shiff, 2003)American Treasures of the Corcoran Gallery of Art (with Sarah Cash, 2000)Kerry James Marshall (Harry N. Abrams Inc., New York, 2000)Donald Lipski: A Brief History Of Twine (with Donald Lipski, 2000)Collection in Focus: Dennis Oppenheim (1999)Ida Applebroog: Nothing Personal (with Ida Applebroog, 1998)The Forty-Fifth Biennial: The Corcoran Collection 1907-1998 (contributor, 1998)New American Paintings - Juried Exhibitions In Print - April 1998 (1998)
Ken Aptekar: Talking To Pictures (with Ken Aptekar, 1997)
Petah Coyne: Black/White/Black (with Carrie Przybilla, 1996)
Painting Outside Painting (1995)
Nick Kemps (1995)
Louise Bourgeois 1982-1993 (with Louise Bourgeois and Charlotte Kolik, 1994)
43rd Biennial Exhibition of Contemporary American Paintings (w Christopher French, 1993)
Maurizio Pellegrin (with Maurizio Pellegrin, 1992)
Interface: Berlin Art in the Nineties (contributor, 1992)
42nd Biennial Exhibition of Contemporary American Paintings (w Christopher French, 1991)
William T. Wiley (with Christopher French, 1991)
Joyce Scott (with Joyce Scott, 1991)
The Pervasiveness of Memory (1991)
Inability to Endure or Deny The World: Representation and Text in the Work of Robert Morris (1990)
Achievements and honors
Member of the International Association of Art Critics
Served on the College Art Association's award committee for Lifetime Achievement for Art Writing
Founding board member of Etant donnés, the French-American Endowment for Contemporary Art
Awarded a Chevalier in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the Government of France (2003)
Under her direction, the Parrish Art Museum constructed a new campus in Water Mill, New York.
References
1952 births
People from North Carolina
Living people
Directors of museums in the United States
Women museum directors
20th-century American writers
21st-century American writers
Writers from North Carolina
21st-century American women writers
20th-century American women writers
American women curators
American curators
Michel Crousillat (born 15 January 1962) is a French former water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Marseille
The 2022 season is the Indianapolis Colts' 70th in the National Football League (NFL), their 39th in Indianapolis, their sixth under the leadership of general manager Chris Ballard and their fifth under head coach Frank Reich. They will attempt to improve on their 9–8 record and return to the playoffs from a one-year absence.
Draft
Notes
The Colts made two separate trades with the Philadelphia Eagles — trading their first-round selection along with a 2021 third-round selection in exchange for quarterback Carson Wentz; also trading their sixth-round selection in exchange for tackle Matt Pryor and the Eagles' seventh-round selection.
The Colts traded quarterback Carson Wentz along with their original second-round (No. 47) and seventh-round (No. 240) selections to the Washington Commanders for their original second-round (No. 42) and third-round (No. 73) selections.
The Colts traded their third-round pick #82 overall to the Atlanta Falcons in exchange for QB Matt Ryan.
Staff
Current roster
Preseason
The Colts' preseason opponents and schedule were announced in the spring.
Regular season
Schedule
Notes
Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Networks and times from Weeks 6–11, Week 13 and Week 17 are subject to change as a result of flexible scheduling.
As the result of Saturday flexible scheduling during Week 15, the date, time and network for that week's game at the Minnesota Vikings will be finalized at a later date—by no later than four weeks prior to game day.
The date, time and network for Week 18 will be determined at the end of Week 17.
Game summaries
Week 1: at Houston Texans
This was the Colts first tie game since the 1982 season when they were based in Baltimore.
Because the Browns won their season opener for the first time since 2004, coupled with this game, the Colts now hold the NFL's longest active season opener winless streak, not having won a season opener since 2013.
Week 2: at Jacksonville Jaguars
The Colts failed to capitalize on offense, and were shutout for the first time since week 13 of the 2018 season, which was also against the Jaguars. This was also their eighth consecutive loss in Jacksonville.
Week 3: vs. Kansas City Chiefs
Week 4: vs. Tennessee Titans
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Indianapolis
Indianapolis Colts seasons
Indianapolis Colts
Crich El Oued, also known as Qarish el-Wadi, is a village in Tunisia, located between Bordj Toumi and Majaz al Bab (36° 41' 00" N 9° 40' 00" E) in Béja Governorate east of Tunis. The village is on the Medjerda river at the confluence with the Oued el-Ahmar and the town has a mosque
Roman Ruins
The ruins west of Crich-El-Oued are the remains of the Roman city of Thisiduo otherwise Thisiduum, a city of Africa Proconsularis which flourished 330 BC - 640AD.
Roman Name
The original name of the town was probably Thisinduo / Thisinduum. Thomas, reconstructed it thus, and recently found inscriptions which have confirmed this.
The town appears on the Tabula Peutingeriana, and Ravenna Cosmpographica
The name evolved following the Muslim conquest of the Maghreb from Thisinduo to Chisiduo. and then Crich.
Roman History
The history of Thisiduum is hardly known. The inscription CIL 14763 = ILS 6781 testifies to a municipium under Latin law, and to an aedile. Toulotte suspects in Bishop Tadduensis of the year 646 an origin from Thisiduum.
There are few remains meaningfully sited in the ruins because of reuse of the stone in the Middle Ages and building over the former structures. There are remains of a Roman bridge that crosses the Oued el Hamar and some temples are discernible, with a number of trunks of columns, some in stone, others in white marble, littering the town. Inscriptions bear witness to at least two temples
There are also separate ruins nearby at Chouigui and Goubellat and 7 km away at Medjez el Bab.
Ancient Bishopric
During the Roman Empire this part of the Medjerda river valley had a high density of bishoprics with four other bishops resident within 10 kilometers of Crich El Oued.
References
Populated places in Béja Governorate
Roman towns and cities in Tunisia
Catholic titular sees in Africa
1st Visual Effects Society Awards
February 19, 2003
Best Visual Effects - Motion Picture:
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
The 1st Visual Effects Society Awards, given on February 19, 2003 at the Skirball Cultural Center, honored the best visual effects in film and television from 2002.
Winners and nominees
(Winners in bold)
Film
Television
References
External links
Visual Effects Society
2002
2002 film awards
2002 television awards
2002 guild awards
Acteonoidea is a superfamily of sea snails, or bubble snails, marine gastropod mollusks.
Taxonomy
In the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005), the superfamily Acteonoidea has been included into the informal group "Lower Heterobranchia" (Heterostropha sensu Ponder & Warén, 1988), also known as the Allogastropoda.
Only one of analyses by Jörger et al. (2010) indicates the Acteonoidea sister to Nudipleura. This clade that had resulted repeatedly in molecular studies with still limited "lower heterobranch" taxon sampling, either in a derived position or as a basal offshoot within Euthyneura. A recent molecular phylogeny on Acteonoidea suggest a common origin with lower heterobranch Rissoelloidea and a sister group relationship to Nudipleura. While the basal position of Acteonoidea was commonly accepted, some authors doubted the basal position of Nudipleura, which was originally considered as a highly derived taxon, and suspect rate heterogeneity and deviant base composition as causing this unnatural grouping. Based on potential synapomorphies in the reproductive system (presence of a ciliary stripe within the ampulla, androdiaulic or triaulic pallial gonoduct), Ghiselin already suggested a relationship between Acteonoidea and Nudipleura. However, Acteonoidea form a well-supported "lower heterobranch" clade with Rissoelloidea, confirming results by Aktipis et al. and Dinapoli and Klussmann-Kolb. The latter authors also recovered Nudipleura as the first offshoot of Euthyneura, which is confirmed by Jörger et al. (2010) study. Salvini-Plawen and Steiner grouped Umbraculoidea with Nudipleura, but none of the recent molecular or morphological studies support such a relationship.
Families
The following five families have been recognized in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005):
family Acteonidae d' Orbigny, 1843
† family Acteonellidae Gill, 1871
family Aplustridae Gray, 1847 - former name Hydatinidae has been declared invalid
family Bullinidae Gray, 1850
† family Zardinellidae Bandel, 1994
Description
All acteonoids have a shell that resembles that of many prosobranchs. Some of the members are able to withdraw completely into the shell and to close the shell with an operculum, e.g. Acteon tornatilis.
Anatomy
No defensive strategies are known from these animals although histological investigations show a highly glandular area in the mantle cavity and the mantle rim. The mantle rim glands, for example, are very conspicuous. These comprise large epithelial cells that are filled with a non-staining vacuole. The glandular area is highly folded. The cells appear to lie subepithelially due to their size. They alternate with small ciliated cells. The hypobranchial gland in the roof of the mantle cavity is small and consists of violet-staining epithelial cells indicating acid mucopolysaccharides.
Feeding habits
Acteonidae and Aplustridae are carnivorous and mainly feed on polychaetes.
References
This article incorporates CC-BY-2.0 text from references.
External links
Gastropod superfamilies
The following is the discography of Kaytranada. Active since 2010, Kaytranada first released a series of mixtapes and original music under the name Kaytadamus. He released his first critically acclaimed studio album, 99.9%, in 2016, which he followed up with the Grammy-winner Bubba in 2019.
Albums
Studio albums
Mixtapes
Collaborative projects
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Other appearances
Standalone tracks on compilations
"Street Twister" on Artbeat Montreal: Brassures Du Terroir (ABMTL, December 6, 2011)
"109" and "Kevin" with High Klassified on Piu Piu Beat Tape Vol. 1 (Piu Piu, May 10, 2012)
"Black Mozart" feat. Green Hypnotic & Cyber on SandwichGallery 2 (a-La, January 11, 2013) (as part of The Celestics)
"118" on Distant Minds 3 (LOAFLAB, July 7, 2013)
"195" on XL Chapter VI (XL Recordings, February 25, 2016)
"Well I Bet Ya" on Gangster Music Vol. 1 (All City Records, 2019)
Remixes
Official remix albums
Lavendar [Nightfall Remix] (Innovative Leisure Records, June 9, 2017) (original artist: BADBADNOTGOOD)
The ArtScience Remixes (Blue Note, April 21, 2018) (original artist: Robert Glasper)
Remix compilations
Remixes Vol. 1 (January 1, 2012)
Kaytranada RMX EP (September 4, 2013)
See also
Kaytranada production discography
References
Electronic music discographies
Discographies of Canadian artists
Hip hop discographies
Alexander Bennett (20 September 1881 – 9 January 1940) was a Scottish footballer who played for Celtic, Rangers and the Scotland national team.
A small right-winger, he was described in contemporary reports as "...a veritable artful dodger with rare speed and command of the ball."
Career
Club
Born in Rutherglen, Bennett began his career at his local club Rutherglen Glencairn in 1901, at which time future Celtic colleague Jimmy McMenemy was also with the outfit. In 1902 Bennett was selected for the Scotland Junior team for matches along with another man who would soon be a teammate at Celtic, Davie Hamilton, scoring four goals in as many Junior internationals overall.
Having won the Scottish Junior Cup and Glasgow Junior League double with Glencairn in 1902, Bennett was persuaded by McMenemy to sign for Celtic in May 1903; Bennett became a fixture in the side which won the Scottish Football League title for four consecutive years between 1905 and 1908. In the latter two years of this streak Bennett also collected Scottish Cup winner's medals. He initially played as centre-forward for Celtic, but shifted positions to accommodate Jimmy Quinn which proved beneficial to both players.
In May 1908, Bennett abruptly left Celtic (winners of every trophy on offer that season) to join rivals Rangers, who met a small contract release fee – £50, equivalent to under £5000 in the 2010s – to allow him to move as a free agent, making him one of very few players to have moved directly from one club to the other. He had scored the winning goal in an Old Firm league meeting between the sides just two weeks earlier to clinch the title for Celtic.
He won a further three consecutive League Championships while at Ibrox (1911 to 1913) and remained with the club until 1918, also serving in the Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) during World War I. He played in a combined total of 351 league and cup matches for Celtic and Rangers, scoring 116 goals.
After leaving Rangers, Bennett played on until his fortieth birthday, with firstly a loan to Ayr United, then permanent transfers to Dumbarton and Albion Rovers. He was later manager of Third Lanark (three seasons) and Clydebank (two seasons), and also worked as a sports journalist. He died in Glasgow in 1940.
International
Bennett was capped eleven times for Scotland, gaining three caps while at Celtic and the remaining eight while at Rangers. He made his Scotland debut against Wales in March 1904 and scored his first international goal, again against Wales, four years later. He scored his second international goal in his final Scotland appearance, against Ireland in March 1913. He also appeared ten times in representative matches for the Scottish Football League.
At the age of 39 he also took part in a 1921 summer tour of North America as a member of 'Third Lanark Scotland XI' (organised by Third Lanark and composed of players from seven different clubs), reuniting with old teammate and rival Jimmy McMenemy; Bennett thereafter became the Thirds manager, leading their next expedition to South America in 1923.
Personal life
Bennett's younger brother James was also a footballer who played for Queen's Park prior to being wounded on military service in World War I. Their father Robert was a master draper and amateur poet of some local esteem whose portrait is on display in a Hamilton museum. Alec was clearly proud to be associated with his family business: when he married in 1910 he listed that he was a 'Drapery warehouseman' by profession rather than an international footballer.
His grandson Sandy Carmichael (full name Alexander Bennett Carmichael) played international Rugby union for Scotland and the British and Irish Lions in the 1970s.
Honours
Rutherglen Glencairn
Scottish Junior Cup: 1901–02
Glasgow Junior League: 1901–02
Celtic
Scottish League: 1904–05, 1905–06, 1906–07, 1907–08
Scottish Cup: 1906–07, 1907–08
Glasgow Cup: 1904–05, 1905–06, 1907–08
Rangers
Scottish League: 1910–11, 1911–12, 1912–13
Scottish Cup: Finalist 1908–09
Glasgow Cup: 1910–11, 1911–12, 1912–13, 1913–14
Notes
See also
Played for Celtic and Rangers
References
External links
1881 births
1940 deaths
Scottish footballers
Sportspeople from Rutherglen
People educated at Stonelaw High School
Rutherglen Glencairn F.C. players
Scotland junior international footballers
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Celtic F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Scotland international footballers
Scottish Football League representative players
Dumbarton F.C. players
Ayr United F.C. players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
Scottish football managers
Clydebank F.C. (1914) managers
Third Lanark A.C. managers
Scottish Football League managers
Cameronians soldiers
British Army personnel of World War I
Association football forwards
Footballers from South Lanarkshire
Derek Fordjour (born 1974) is an American interdisciplinary artist and educator of Ghanaian heritage, who works in collage, video/film, sculpture, and painting. Fordjour lives and works in New York City.
Early life and education
Derek Fordjour was born 1974 in Memphis, Tennessee. His parents were both Ghanian immigrants.
Fordjour received an MFA from Hunter College, an Ed. M in Arts Education from Harvard University, and a B.A. degree from Morehouse College. Fordjour is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. He was commissioned by Alpha Phi Alpha to create a portrait entitled An Experiment in Brotherhood to commemorate the founding of the fraternity.
Career
He was appointed the Alex Katz Chair at Cooper Union in Spring 2020, and since 2018 he serves as a Core Critic at Yale University School of Art.
In 2014, Fordjour was working with sports imagery in his art, and which served as metaphors of inequality.
In 2020, his series of artwork in the exhibition titled, "Shelter" were created during the self-quarantine period due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The works in "Shelter" examined the privilege of security, as well as confinement.
In 2021, the artist had a solo exhibition at Pond Society in Shanghai, China; where his paintings looked at the gamification of social structures and vulnerability. In these paintings, Fordjour incorporated layers of the Financial Times. On his use of the paper in his practice, Fordjour explained in Ocula Magazine: 'The Financial Times is making an effort to differentiate itself from the pool of other newsprint with its distinctive colour. The idea of individuation—the desire to distinguish oneself in the face of being stereotyped or grouped—has a tension that I identify with.'
His work has been exhibited in numerous venues including Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis (2020), Nasher Museum of Art (2019), and the Whitney Museum of Contemporary Art (2018–2019). He has received commissions for public projects including a permanent installation for Metropolitan Transit Authority of New York City at 145th Street Subway Station, and the Whitney Museum Billboard Project in 2018.
Awards, honors, and collections
He was awarded 2016 Sugarhill Museum Artist-in-Residence; the 2017 Sharpe Walentas Studio Program in New York City; and named the 2018 Deutsche Bank NYFA Fellowship Award.
His work appears in several public and private collections, including the Studio Museum in Harlem, Brooklyn Museum, Perez Museum, Dallas Museum of Art, the Whitney Museum, and Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
Select exhibitions
2020 'SELF MUST DIE', Petzel Gallery, New York, NY
2020 'SHELTER', Contemporary Art Museum of St. Louis, St. Louis, MO
2019 'The House Always Wins', Josh Lilley, London, UK
2019 'JRRNNYS', Night Gallery, Los Angeles, CA
2018 'Half Mast', the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, NY
2018 'Derek Fordjour: Camelot Study', BAM, Brooklyn, NY
2018 'Ritual', Nina Johnson Gallery, Miami, FL
2017 'PARADE', Sugar Hill Museum, New York, NY
2016 'Agency and Regulation', LUCE Gallery, Turin, Italy
2016 'Eight Paintings', Papillion Art, Los Angeles, CA
2015 'UPPER ROOM', Robert Blumenthal Gallery, New York, NY
Selected press and reviews
Hyperallergic, "Derek Fordjour Conjures a Heavenly World", Seph Rodney, December 16, 2020
T: The New York Times Style Magazine, “Marching to…, T Magazine, November 27, 2020
New York Times, “Derek Fordjour, From Anguish…”, Siddhartha Mitter, November 19, 2020
ARTNews, “Best Practices: Derek Fordjour…”, Andy Battaglia, November 10, 2020
Financial Times, “Derek Fordjour on painting…”, Jackie Wullschläger, October 20, 2020
Elephant Magazine, “Derek Fordjour Uses Sport…”, Emily Steer, October 16, 2020
Artsy, “Derek Fordjour Honors Disenfranchised…”, Jacqui Germain, June 3, 2020
Financial Times, “Painting crowds, or the lack…”, Jackie Wullschläger, May 8, 2020
Hyperallergic, “Derek Fordjour Considers…”, Jack Radley, April 6, 2020
Artforum, “Critics Pick: Derek Fordjour: Shelter”, Jennifer Piejko, January 2020
St. Louis Post Dispatch, “Beyond white walls…”, Jane Henderson, January 17, 2020
Financial Times, “Four exhibitions bring African…”, Jackie Wullschlager, 2019
Artnews, “Petzel Gallery Now Represents Derek…”, Annie Armstrong, 2019
Galerie, “The rising-star artist uses imagery of carnivals…”, Lucy Rees, 2019
Cultured, “Artist Derek Fordjour Revels in The Game…”, Jennifer Piejko, 2019
Los Angeles Times, “Datebook: Paintings of…”, Carolina A. Miranda, 2019
The Wall Street Journal, “‘I Don't Want to Be a Blip…”, Kelly Crow, 2019
Artnet News, “8 Art Advisors Tell Us Which Artists…”, Henri Neuendorf, 2018
Culture Type, “Historic Bequest: Late Arts…”, Victoria L. Valentine, Oct, 10 2018
Artnet News, “Price Check! Here's What Sold…”, artnet News, October 9, 2018
Hyperallergic, “Studio Museum in Harlem…”, Jasmine Weber, October 8, 2018
Artnews, “Even as Brexit Looms, Galleries…”, Judd Tully, October 3, 2018
Gotham, “6 Innovators Shaping…”, The Editors, October 1, 2018
Juvenile Justice, “Arts-centered New York…”, Shay Urbani, May 25, 2018
Hyperallergic, “Wandering the Artists…”, Seph Rodney, May 5, 2018
Surface, “Best of Zona Maco 2018”, Brooke Porter Katz, February 11, 2018
Artsy, “What Sold at Zona Maco”, Anna Louie Sussman, February 11, 2018
Hyperallergic, “The Political Truths…”, Seph Rodney, February 9, 2018
The Art Newspaper, “Art Los…”, Maxwell Williams, January 31, 2018
Artnet News, “How Artist Derek Fordjour…”, Sarah Cascone, December 18, 2017
Hyperallergic, “A Dreamy Carnival…”, Seph Rodney, November 22, 2017
The Undefeated, “The Portrait of an Artist…”, Kelley D. Evans, October 6, 2017
Galerie Magazine, “Derek Fordjour's Immersive…”, Jacqueline Terrebonne, August 2, 2017
Forbes, “The Jay-Z of the Art World Discusses His…”, Brienne Walsh, July 16, 2017
Vice, “Sports Are a Metaphor for Inequality…”, Francesca Capossela, June 21, 2017
Los Angeles Times, "And There is an End...", David Pagel, March 21, 2016
Los Angeles Times, “Derek Fordjour: Eight Paintings..” by Carolina Miranda, February 4, 2016
Observer, "Nine Overachieving New Yorkers You Must Date", February 3, 2016
New York Times, “From Derek Fordjour...” by Holland Cotter, November 19, 2015
Los Angeles Times, “And There is an End..” by David Pagel, March 21, 2015
The Brooklyn Rail, Review of ‘The Big Game'.. by Johnathan Goodman, October 7, 2014
Ebony, “Artist Derek Fordjour has a Lesson for…”, by Souleo, September 29, 2014
Huffington Post, “The Sports World Could Learn...” by Souleo, 2014
MSNBC's Thegrio.com, “40 Amazing Black Artists to Watch in 2014”, January 3, 2014
References
External links
Pen's Eye: Interview With Artist Derek Fordjour (2014)
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
Morehouse College alumni
Living people
African-American artists
American artists
Interdisciplinary artists
1974 births
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
The first official international association football matches for each (present or past) member of FIFA are listed chronologically as follows:
List of first association football internationals per country: 1872–1940
List of first association football internationals per country: 1940–1962
List of first association football internationals per country: 1962–present
External links
Lists of Full Internationals of National Teams at RSSSF
Association football-related lists
Harish Chandra Verma (born 8 April 1952), popularly known as HC Verma, is an Indian experimental physicist, author and emeritus professor of the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur (IIT Kanpur). In 2021, he was awarded the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award, by the Government of India for his contribution to Physics. His field of research is nuclear physics.
He has authored several school, undergraduate and graduate level textbooks, including but not limited to, the most popular and most reputed two-volume Concepts of Physics, extensively used by students appearing for various high level competitive examinations.
He has co-founded Shiksha Sopan, a social upliftment organization for economically weaker children living near the campus of IIT Kanpur. He has dedicated himself in training young minds in the field of Physics. He has immensely contributed in popularising Physics education among Indian students and teachers by conducting lectures and experimental demonstrations.
He has been awarded the Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Shiksha Puruskar by the Bihar state government.
Early life and study
Verma obtained his B.Sc. degree at the Patna Science College. He obtained his M.Sc. and Ph.D. at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kanpur.
Career
Patna Science College
In early 1980, Verma joined Patna Science College as a lecturer. He remained at the college as a lecturer and reader for 15 years before resigning from the college and joining IIT Kanpur.
IIT Kanpur
Verma joined IIT Kanpur in 1994 as an assistant professor. Here he pursued research in experimental nuclear physics. He has published 139 research papers. He retired on 30 June 2017.
Physics outreach
Verma has developed more than six hundred ‘low cost' physics experiments which teachers can employ in their classrooms. In 2011, he set up the National Anveshika Network of India (NANI), a flagship programme of the Indian Association of Physics Teachers (IAPT). He is the national coordinator for this programme. There are currently 22 Anveshikas in the country.
Bibliography
Concepts of Physics Part-1, Bharati Bhawan Publishers & Distributors, 1992,
Concepts of Physics Part-2, Bharati Bhawan Publishers & Distributors, 1992,
Quantum Physics, Surya Publication,
Foundation Science Physics for class 9, Bharati Bhawan Publishers & Distributors,
Foundation Science Physics for class 10, Bharati Bhawan Publishers & Distributors,
Bhautiki Ki Samajh Part-1, Bharati Bhawan Publishers & Distributors,
Classical Electromagnetism, Bharati Bhawan Publishers & Distributors,
Online courses
Nuclear Physics: Fundamentals and Applications (organised by National Program for Technology Enhanced Learning, NPTEL)
Learning Physics through Simple Experiments (Massive Online Open Course in 2016)
Physics of Semiconductors (Massive Online Open Course in 2017)
B.Sc. courses in Hindi - Basics of Special Theory of Relativity (2018)
Basics of Quantum Mechanics (2019)
Advanced Course on the Special Theory of Relativity (2020)
Classical Electromagnetism - Electrostatics (2020)
Classical Mechanics (2021)
The Story of Photoelectric Effect (2021)
Awards
Padma Shri (2021)
Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Shiksha Purashkar (2017)
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri
Recipients of the Padma Shri in science & engineering
IIT Kanpur faculty
Physics educators
1952 births
Living people
People from Darbhanga
Wilhelm Grimm (31 December 1889 – 21 July 1944) was a high-ranking member of the Nazi Party who was killed as a result of his supposed involvement in the July 20, 1944 plot to assassinate Hitler.
Early years
Grimm attended the non-commissioned officers' school in Fürstenfeldbruck from 1906 to 1909. Remaining in the military, he took part in the First World War, serving from 1914 and was released into civilian life as a leutnant in October 1919.
When discharged, he worked in the Ansbach pension office as senior secretary, was promoted to administrative inspector there in 1927 and worked as a propagandist and organizer for the in Middle Franconia. In 1920 Grimm joined the anti-Semitic German Socialist Party, of which Julius Streicher was a member. This party merged with the Nazis in 1922 and Grimm received membership number 10,134.
Nazi career
When the Nazi Party was re-established after being outlawed in the aftermath of the Beer Hall Putsch, Grimm rejoined on 27 February 1925. He became (Local Group Leader) in Ansbach and in 1926 (County Leader). In May 1928 he was elected to the Bavarian . From 1 October 1928 to 1 March 1929 he was Gauleiter for Middle Franconia-West. However, when his Gau was merged with Streicher's neighboring Gau (Nuremberg-Fürth) he became Deputy Gauleiter for Middle Franconia under Streicher.
In February 1932, Grimm was made an Associate Judge of USCHLA, the Nazi Party's investigative and mediation committee, a body that regulated internal party disputes. In January 1934 its name was changed to (Supreme Party Court) though it was more of an arbitration and mediation organization, rather than a strictly legal one. From 1 June 1932 Grimm was Chairman of the Second Chamber of USCHLA. In March 1933, he was elected to the Reichstag for electoral constituency 26, Franconia. On 3 June 1933 he was appointed Reichsleiter, the second highest rank in the Nazi Party.
Grimm joined the Schutzstaffel (SS) (membership no. 199,823) on 18 October 1933 with the rank of SS-Oberführer. He was promoted to SS-Brigadeführer on 24 December and on 27 January 1934 he was promoted to SS-Gruppenführer. He served on the staff of Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler from April 1936. He retired from the Supreme Party Court on 9 March 1939. In August 1941, he served briefly in the German army on the Eastern Front as a battalion commander with the rank of Hauptmann before returning to Germany in 1943 due to illness. He resumed duties in Himmler's office, working on issues related to the war economy.
Death
According to documents released by The Wilson Center in 2019, Grimm was implicated in the July 20, 1944 plot to assassinate Hitler, and killed the next day as part of reprisals. The document further states that, to protect the reputation of the SS, his cause of death was reported as a car accident and he was given an "honorable burial."
References
Bibliography
1889 births
1944 deaths
Gauleiters
German Army personnel of World War I
Members of the Reichstag of Nazi Germany
Nazi Party officials
Nazi Party politicians
Reichsleiters
Road incident deaths in Germany
SS-Gruppenführer
Burials in Bavaria
One Fifth Avenue is a 2008 novel by Candace Bushnell about the residents of the prestigious building. Its characters include a middle aged screenwriter, a novelist with a bad marriage, and a hedge fund manager's wife.
"With a breezy pace that brings to mind a Gilded Age comedy of manners, the novel might not have anything new to say about New York society, but there are enough twists to keep it fun," wrote an anonymous critic in Kirkus Reviews. Reviewing the book in The New York Times, Henry Alford wrote, "There are pleasures to be found here," highlighted by "sexual tension and the striving for success." But he concluded, "What's missing is the kind of stylistic flourish or flight of imagination that would make the proceedings memorable. Bushnell's prose here is rarely ever more than workmanlike, and I'm hard-pressed to recall any passage that bears repeating."
References
2008 American novels
Novels about writers
Novels by Candace Bushnell
Novels set in New York (state)
The 120 mm howitzer Model 1901 – was a German howitzer used by the Imperial Russian and Romanian Armies during the First World War.
Design
The model 1901 was a short ranged field howitzer capable of both direct and indirect fire. The model 1901 had a short steel barrel, a box trail carriage, two wooden spoked wheels with steel rims, a horizontal sliding-block breech, it fired cased separate-loading ammunition and had a spring-loaded recoil spade. For transport, the trail of the carriage could be connected to a limber and caisson for towing by a six-horse team.
Users
– The Boers used an unknown number of model 1901 howitzers during the Second Boer War.
– An unknown number of model 1901 howitzers were used by the Imperial Russian Army. The photos in the gallery below are of a model 1901 that was captured from the Russians during the Finnish Civil War and is displayed at the Hameenlina artillery museum.
– In 1902 two batteries of four guns were assigned to the 2nd artillery regiment in Bucharest. This was followed by three more batteries assigned to 1st, 2nd, and 3rd regiments. In 1915 the Romanians added a gun shield to protect the gunners. In 1916 the Romanian Army had 31 of these howitzers when they entered the First World War.
Photo Gallery
References
120 mm artillery
World War I howitzers
Artillery of Romania
Romania in World War I
Russo-Japanese war weapons of Russia
World War I artillery of Russia
World War I artillery of Germany
KSZN could refer to:
Santa Cruz Island Airport (ICAO code KSZN), an airport on Santa Cruz Island in Santa Barbara County, California, United States
KSZN-LP, a low-power radio station (101.5 FM) licensed to serve Flagstaff, Arizona, United States
KRYN, a radio station (1230 AM) licensed to serve Gresham, Oregon, United States, licensed as "KSZN" from 2007 to 2009
KOOR, a radio station (1010 AM) licensed to serve Milwaukie, Oregon, United States, licensed as "KSZN" from 2006 to 2007
KPDN (AM), a defunct radio station formerly licensed to serve Pampa, Texas, United States, licensed as "KSZN" from 1982 to 1988
Büğüş is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Ad Abi Karam (born 28 March 1937 in Kornet Chehwan, Matn District, Lebanon) is a retired Lebanese Australian Maronite Catholic bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Saint Maron of Sydney.
Life
Ordained to the priesthood on 25 March 1962, Karam was appointed on 26 October 2001 bishop by Pope John Paul II of the Maronite Eparchy of Saint Maron of Sydney, Australia. Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Cardinal Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir, on January 12, 2002, ordained him bishop and his co-consecrators were Roland Aboujaoudé, auxiliary bishop of Antioch, and Samir Mazloum, Curial Bishop of Antioch. He was installed as bishop on February 8, 2002.
Karam had his age-related renounce of his office on 17 April 2013 accepted by Pope Francis.
References
External links
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/diocese/zmar1.htm
1937 births
Lebanese clergy
Living people
21st-century Maronite Catholic bishops
People from Matn District
Lebanese Eastern Catholic bishops
Carolina Susana Vera (born 14 July 1962) is an Argentine meteorologist. She is the principal investigator of the Argentine research council National Scientific and Technical Research Council (CONICET), and a professor at the Faculty of Exact and Natural Sciences at the University of Buenos Aires (UBA). Her research focuses on climate variability and global warming in South America.
Since 10 December 2019, Vera is part of the Argentine government as part of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation. She is vice president of work group I of the UN's IPCC program, a member of the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO).
Early life
Vera was born July 14, 1962 in San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Argentina. She began developing an interest in meteorology at a young age being fascinated with the stormy clouds in the sky. Her mother also influenced her decision to pursue meteorology. Vera said “Unlike other people, my mom was very observant. She observed plants, animals, and especially the sky. She always looked up, when the clouds were approaching, [or] when some conditions changed. I kept that spinning around in my head until I sat down in high school to decide what I was going to study in college.” According to Vera, her mother used to predict the weather based on whether or not she could hear a distant train.
Education
Vera graduated with a degree in Meteorological Sciences from the School of Natural and Applied Sciences of the University of Buenos Aires in 1986. She then completed her doctorate in the Department of Atmospheric Sciences at the same university under the direction of Dr. Eugenia Kalnay. She graduated in 1992 with a thesis entitled "A Data Assimilation System for the Extratropical Region of South America."
Career
She began her teaching career as a teaching assistant in 1984, then moved on as a practical applications teacher from 1991 to 1994, as adjunct faculty between 1994 and 2011, as an associate professor between 2011 and 2012, and finally as a professor beginning in 2012.
In 2014, Vera gave a TED Talk as part of TEDxRiodelaPlata in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Her presentation primarily focused on a research project conducted to confirm the existence of a jet stream that runs through eastern Argentina.
Dr. Vera considers it a duty to share her findings on social media. She frequently posts weather updates and research on climate change on Twitter. Commenting on the value of social media, Vera has said “I am concerned about the communication of scientific knowledge to reach people… Twitter gives us the possibility to do it directly. While the area of climate was always more exposed in the media by daily forecasts, other areas of science were less used to interacting with people. Today social media helps us. I consider communicating in them what I research as something more of my work. In fact, one researcher said that we should spend 20% of our time doing that. Why? Because today you can't do science if you don't explain to the world what you're doing it for. It is our responsibility.”
Advocacy for Women in STEM
Vera has been an advocate for women in STEM ever since her thesis advisor led her to become a feminist. Vera reveres her thesis supervisor, Dr. Kalnay, and said the following about her: “My thesis supervisor, Eugenia Kalnay, made me a feminist. Until I stopped interacting with her, she was not aware of gender differences. She was my mentor, it was to see the reference of where one could go, even being a woman.”
Vera had several poor experiences as a woman in STEM, citing many meetings in which she was the only woman. On one occasion, a male colleague even told her not to discuss scientific matters at such meetings in order to avoid contradicting him in public. Having endured such sexism, Vera has developed enough power and confidence as a woman in the STEM field and encourages other women to do the same. She has said, “I have been very fortunate to meet amazing women trying to make progress in science. It has been easy for me to encourage and empower them in their career, just by explicitly recognizing their excellent skills and aptitudes.”
Awards
Cleveland Abbe Award from the American Meteorological Society (August 2019)
Recognition as "Outstanding Personality of the University of Buenos Aires" (2021), during their bicentennial celebration, 8 also receiving a personalized medal, a coin minted by the Casa de la Moneda and a postage stamp of the Argentine Mail (specially made for the occasion)
2012 “Emilio Caimi” Award to Scientific Trajectory, Centro Argentino de Meteorólogos.
Participation in International Panels and Committees
1997-2002 Member of "Variability of American Monsoon Systems" (VAMOS) Scientific Panel of World Climate Research Program (WCRP)
2002-2004 ViceChair of WCRP/VAMOS Scientific Panel
2004-2006 Co-Chair of WCRP/VAMOS Scientific Panel
2001-2005 Chair of the WCRP/CLIVAR/South American Low-Level Jet Scientific Working Group
2004-2006 Chair of the STAC Committee on Southern Hemisphere Meteorology and Oceanography of the American Meteorological Society (AMS).
2006 Co-Chair of the 8th AMS 8th International Conference on Southern Hemisphere Meteorology and Oceanography of the American Meteorological Society. Foz do Iguacú, 24–28 April 2006.
2007-2012 Officer Member of the Joint Scientific Committee of the World Climate Research Program (WCRP) sponsored by WMO, ICSU and IOC.
2007-2015 Member of the Scientific Advisory Committee (SAC) of the Inter-American Institute for Global Change Research (IAI).
2009-2011 Lead Author of the IPCC Special Report on "Managing the Risks of Extreme Events and Disasters to Advance Climate Change Adaptation" (SREX).
2011–Present Member of the International Advisory Board of the Center for Development Research (ZEF)/University of Bonn.
2011 Member of the Scientific Committee of WCRP Open Science Conference, Denver 24–28 October 2011. 18 December 2017 3
2013-2017 Member of Future Earth Science Committee.
2014-2016 Ex-Officio Member of Independent Science Panel of CGIAR International Program on Climate Change, Agriculture and Food Security (CCAFS)
2014-2016 Member of the Scientific Committee of the Transformations to Sustainability Program of the International Social Science Council (ISSC).
2014-2015 Member of the Scientific Committee of "Our Common Future under Climate Change " International Conference, 7–10 July 2015, Paris, France.
2015 Member of the Steering Scientific Committee of the "IPCC Workshop on Regional Climate Projections and their Use in Impacts and Risk Analysis Studies", São José dos Campos, Brazil, 15–18 September 2015.
2015–Present Vice-Chair of WG1 and member of the Bureau of the IPCC. 2017–Present Member of WMO/CAS Management Group
References
1962 births
Argentine women scientists
Climatologists
Living people
Too Hard Basket, subtitled B Sides and Bastards, is a limited release compilation of B-sides and unreleased tracks by the New Zealand band the Mutton Birds. The album was released via the band's website and gig sales.
Track listing
(All songs by Don McGlashan except where noted)
"It Happened One Night" (Jody Harris) – 3.02 (different mix to that released with "The Heater")
"The Ballad of Kelvin" – 4.16 ("Heater" B-side - NZ only)
"He Turned Around" – 4.49 ("Heater" B-side - NZ only)
"Three Minutes" – 4.11 (previously unreleased)
"So Long" (Alan Gregg) – 3.05 (previously unreleased)
"The Heater (Careful With...Version)" – 3.34 ("Anchor Me" B-side - NZ only)
"The Queen's English (Annus Horribilus Mix)" –5.21 ("Ngaire" B-side - NZ only)
"Cinema of Unease" – 3.09 (previously unreleased)
"Don't Fear The Reaper" (Donald Roeser) – 5.26 (original demo version - "She's Been Talking" B-side - NZ only)
"Ash Wednesday" – 4.44 (previously unreleased)
"Ranchslider" – 2.47 (previously unreleased)
"Answerphone" (David Long) – 3.22 (different version to that released with "Come Around" NZ single)
"Face in the Paper" – 3.51 ("Come Around" B-side - UK)
"Inbetween Man" – 3.33 ("She's Been Talking" B-side - UK different mix to NZ "Envy Of Angels" version)
"Along The Boundary" – 4.58 (different mix to UK "Come Around" B-side and NZ "Envy Of Angels" version)
Personnel
Don McGlashan – vocals, guitars, euphonium
Ross Burge – drums
Alan Gregg – bass guitar, voice
David Long – lead guitar
References
All information taken from the sleeve and insert of the CD.
The Mutton Birds albums
B-side compilation albums
1998 compilation albums
The Works were Phil Beer's third studio album, believed to have been released in 1998 (though some sources suggest earlier copies may have been released in 1996) by HTD, who also released his previous album Hard Hats. It features instrumentals.
Release date
The entire album was re-released as CD2 of Hard Works in 2008. This compilation stated the album was from 1989 when he was touring with The Rolling Stones in the Steel Wheels era. This was confusing as the album seems to be released on 7 September 1998, and sources such as Allmusic even state so. It is possible that the 1998 release date marks a re-issue. Some sources suggest a release of the album occurred in 1996, this seems to lean more credence to the notion that the 1998 release date marks a re-issue.
Reception
The Living Tradition said The Works was a "good showcase" for Beer's talents: "Phil is not an acoustic fiddle player as everything is pre-amped to get the sound he wants. In fact he has recorded this himself. There's a good mix of tunes, some traditional, some written by Phil himself, going back some twenty years."
Track listing
"General Ward"
"Tobins"
"Starling"
"Swanne River"
"Staten Island"
"Soldiers Joy"
"Haste to the Wedding"
"Mohawk"
"Cap Sizun"
"Thomas"
"Morris"
"Chasing the Jack"
"Michael Turner's Waltz"
"Gypsy Mouth"
"Jig"
"Banish Misfortune"
"Lost in Space"
"Altan"
"Teetotallers"
"Flash Company"
"Jenny on the Shore"
"Bull"
"Rocky Road Mylor"
Hard Works version
In Hard Works, the album remains intact but every two separate tracks from the original appears as one track on Hard Works, three tracks of Hard Works even contains what was three separate tracks in The Works. This totals 10 tracks.
"General Ward / Tobins / The Starling"
"Swannee River / Staten Island / Soldier's Joy"
"Haste to the Wedding / The Mohawk / The Cap Sieun"
"Thomas Morris / Chasing the Jack"
"Michael Turner's Waltz"
"Gypsy Moth / Jig / Banish Misfortune"
"Lost in Space / Altan / Teetotalers"
"Flash Company"
"Jenny on the Shore / The Bull"
"Rocky Road to Mylor"
References
1998 albums
Phil Beer albums
Instrumental albums
The High Sheriff of Tyrone is the Sovereign's judicial representative in County Tyrone. Initially an office for lifetime, assigned by the Sovereign, the High Sheriff became annually appointed from the Provisions of Oxford in 1258. Besides his judicial importance, he has ceremonial and administrative functions and executes High Court Writs.
History
The first (High) Shrievalties were established before the Norman Conquest in 1066 and date back to Saxon times. In 1908, an Order in Council made the Lord-Lieutenant the Sovereign's prime representative in a county and reduced the High Sheriff's precedence. Despite however that the office retains his responsibilities for the preservation of law and order in a county.
While the office of High Sheriff ceased to exist in those Irish counties, which had formed the Irish Free State in 1922, it is still present in the counties of Northern Ireland.
High Sheriffs
17th century
18th century
19th century
20th century
21st century
References
Tyrone
History of County Tyrone
High Shrievalties in pre-partition Ireland
Christian Meoli (born July 6, 1972 ) is an actor, writer, producer who runs Voltaire Media and film executive.
Christian is the son of Jerry Mayo (1934–2011) bandmember of the group Freddie Bell and the Bellboys.
Early life
Christian Meoli was born on July 6, 1972 in Philadelphia and began his acting career in his early teens in regional theatre productions. He is an alumnus of the famous Stagedoor Manor and credits Jack Romano as being a constant motivator throughout his life. He graduated from Performing Arts School in Philadelphia and recipient of Outstanding Academic Scholarship to Temple University. He also appeared in dozens of plays on the East Coast such as the Washington/Baltimore company of Tony-N-Tina's Wedding in the role of bandleader "Donny Dulce" and productions at The Philadelphia Drama Guild, Walnut Street Theatre, Plays-n-Players, Wilma Theatre, McCarter Theatre in Princeton, Surflight Summer Theatre, Paper Mill Playhouse.
In 1991, Meoli appeared opposite actor-playwright Jason Miller and Malachy McCourt in a production of Inherit The Wind that was staged in a Philadelphia court in City Hall.
Career
Meoli's first role included in the movie Alive (1993) as Federico Aranda and directed by Frank Marshall, he was next cast in the movie The Low Life (1995) together with actors Kyra Sedgwick, Rory Cochrane and Ron Livingston and also Persons Unknown (1996) with Jon Favreau, Naomi Watts and Antoni Carone.
He played the lovable and street smart comedy relief role of Boz Bishop for four seasons on the hit CBS television show Nash Bridges opposite Cheech Marin and Don Johnson. After his Mother Sandra Meoli died from Cancer, Christian created the performance event The Big C which annually plays for Cancer Survivors at Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center. The Big C Foundation was created to continue a focus of education and outreach on the subject of Cancer.
He appeared in the pilot episode of the television show Dollhouse (directed by Joss Whedon), Martial Law (Stanley Tong) the Masterpiece Theatre PBS presentation of Song of the Lark opposite Allison Elliot, as well as Emmy Award winning episodes of NYPD Blue, The Practice, and opposite Jack Lemmon and Hank Azaria in the acclaimed Oprah Winfrey telefilm production of Tuesdays with Morrie.
In 2003, Meoli wrote the play The Dadaists, which was lauded by The Beverly Hills Outlook as one of the five worst plays ever written. The majority of the other reviews were much more positive. The production, a retelling about the Dada art movement and Cabaret Voltaire, which originated in February 1916, in Zurich, Switzerland at Spiegelgasse 1, led Meoli to create a modern Cabaret Voltaire in Los Angeles, which showcases performers through intelligent, socially relevant events through a cross-pollination of creative energies. He is also credited by the Los Angeles Times as being the first to initiate 'flashmobs' in Los Angeles.
In 2004, Meoli was one of the co-directors and producers of the documentary Beats for Baghdad featuring Jerry Quickley.
He has produced and hosted a number of radio shows for the Pacifica Radio station KPFK, including The Hope Show, Tea Time with Harold Lemon and the Cabaret Voltaire Radio Show. In 2007, he curated "Dada, Surrealism, Readymade & Found Object Exhibit" at 2nd City Council Art Gallery and Performance Space. Christian also appeared in commercials for the likes of Volkswagen, Olympus Camera, Microsoft, Time Warner, Coors Light among others.
In 2009, Christian (under the moniker Chris Voltaire) wrote the book and lyrics, acted, produced and directed the underground theatre hit Octomom the Musical, which garnered national press via CBS, The Tonight Show, TMZ, Fox, and The New York Times with its jolting parody of the Whittier born Nadya Suleman. That same year he starred in the Victor Goss-directed film The Apocalypse According to Doris, and also became the Vice President for Marketing at Bigfoot Entertainment. The company is located in Cebu, Philippines with offices in Hong Kong and Los Angeles; among the films Meoli actively worked on include Deep Gold (2011), The Girl with No Number (2012), Midnight Movie: Killer Cut (2011), 9000 Needles (2011), as well as casting and work on reality shows produced by Bigfoot for the Fashion One Network.
He produced The Singafest Asian Film Festival in Los Angeles, which showcased 30 new films from the Philippines, Taiwan, Korea, China and Japan.
Meoli's company (Voltaire Media) also expanded its services to include sales and producer representation, handling distribution acquisition for companies such as Potent Media (Deer Crossing) and American Motion Picture Company (Character).
In 2012, Meoli's company began a new single screen art house known as Arena Cinema Hollywood, which exhibiting new independent films. The endeavour in conjunction with Theatre of Arts has run engagements of Academy Award-winning films and works with distributors such as IFC, Tribeca Film, Phase 4 Films, First Run Features, Kino-Lorber, Breaking Glass Pictures, XLrator Media and Submarine.
In 2013, Meoli starred in the new film "Treachery" opposite Michael Biehn, Sarah Butler and Caitlin Keats. He also was cast in supporting roles in the films "Dirty People" and "Soaked in Bleach."
Meoli's Voltaire Media represented Bruce Ramsay's Hamlet and the film was acquired by Breaking Glass Pictures, opening theatrically in January 2014 in New York and Los Angeles.
Filmography
Ray Donovan as Kevin (2012)
Desperate Housewives "What's the Good of Being Good" (TV Series) as himself (2012)
Should've Been Romeo as Eddie (2012)
The Girl with No Number as Mr. Johnson (2011)
Apocalypse According to Doris as Apperson (2011)
Dollhouse "Ghost" (TV Series) as Thug 1 (2009)
Eli stone "The Path" (TV Series) as Janitor (2008)
In Plain Sight "Stan" by Me (TV Series) as Jason (2008)
Everybody Hates Chris (TV Series) as himself (2008)
Life-The Fallen Woman (TV Series) as Ron (2007)
Final Approach (TV Movie) as himself (2007)
Alias(TV Series) as Semanko (2006)
JAG "Automatic for the People" (TV Series) as P.O Dave Mooney (2005)
Joan of Arcadia "The Gift"(TV Series) as Ben Pollack (2004)
The Division(TV Series) as Vinnie Praiser (2004)
Crossing Jordan "Devil May Care" (TV Series) as Seth Pale (2004)
Cold Case "Fly Away" (TV Series) as Angel Rivera (2003)
Without a Trace "The Bus" (TV Series) as Carl (2003)
Looking for Jimmy as himself (2002)
Wanderlust as Brian (2001)
Nash Bridges (TV Show) as Boz Bishop (1999–2001)
Tuesdays with Morrie (TV Movie) as Aldo (1999)
The Practice "Target Practice" (TV Series) as Charles Best (1999)
Walker, Texas Ranger "Livegirls.now" as Rolf Gaines (1999)
V.I.P. "One Wedding and Val's Funeral"(TV Series) as Waiter (1998)
The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer(TV Series) as Telegraph Operator (1998)
Martial Law " Shanghai Express"(TV Series) as Detective Jones (1998)
Hitz "Give the Drummer Some" (TV Series) as Jimmy (1997)
Bongwater as himself (1997)
Persons Unknown as himself (1996)
L.A. Firefighters "Fuel and Spark"( TV Series) as Freddy the Store Manager *(1996)
Boy Meets World "Turkey Day" (TV Series) as Carl (1996)
The Pretender "The Paper Clock" as Marcus Whittaker (1996)
Dogtown as Mickey Jenks (1996)
NYPD Blue "The Girl Talk"(TV Series) as Phil Farr (1996)
The Naked Truth (TV Series)as Vanjacker (1996)
The Low Life as Leonard (1995)
Cleghorne! "This Magic Moment" (TV Series) as Magini the Magician (1995)
Chicago Hope "Wild Cards" (TV Series) as Luigi (1995)
Weird Science "Quantum Wyatt"(TV Series) as Dangerous Felon (1995)
Ellen "The Christmas Show" as Grunge Guy (1994)
Nunzio's Second Cousin (short) as himself (1994)
In This Corner as Julio (1994)
Beverly Hills, 90210( TV Series) as Pablo (1993)
Alive as Federico Aranda (1993)
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
American male stage actors
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
Male actors from Philadelphia
Temple University alumni
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
The 1990 Penrith Panthers season was the 24th in the club's history. Coached by Phil Gould and captained by Royce Simmons, they competed in the New South Wales Rugby League's 1990 Winfield Cup Premiership, finishing 3rd (out of 16). The Panthers were beaten in the Grand Final by the Canberra Raiders.
References
Penrith Panthers seasons
Penrith Panthers season
Penrith Panthers season
ID3 is a metadata container most often used in conjunction with the MP3 audio file format. It allows information such as the title, artist, album, track number, and other information about the file to be stored in the file itself.
The ID3v1 series, in particular, stores genre as an 8-bit number (therefore ranging from 0 to 255, with the latter having the meaning of "undefined" or "not set"), allowing each file to have at most one genre out of a fixed list.
Genre definitions 0-79 follow the ID3 tag specification of 1999. More genres have been successively introduced in later Winamp versions.
ID3v1 defined genres
Specification
Extension by Winamp
References
ID3Genres
Lists of music genres
Latham Peak () is an Antarctic peak projecting through the icecap southeast of Cape Ann and northwest of Mount Marr. It was discovered in January 1930 by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition under Mawson, who named it for Rt. Hon. Sir John Greig Latham, Minister for External Affairs in the Australian Government, 1931–34, and later Chief Justice of Australia.
References
Mountains of Enderby Land
The Return of Jesse James is a 1950 American western film directed by Arthur Hilton and starring John Ireland, Ann Dvorak and Henry Hull. It was produced and distributed by the independent Lippert Pictures. The film's art direction was by Frank Paul Sylos and Vin Taylor.
Plot
The James gang rides again with the addition of a dead ringer (John Ireland) for the dead Jesse James.
Cast
John Ireland as Johnny Callum
Ann Dvorak as Susan (Sue) Ellen Younger
Henry Hull as Hank Younger
Reed Hadley as Frank James
Hugh O'Brian as Lem Younger
Clifton Young as Bob Ford
Tommy Noonan as Charlie Ford
Victor Kilian as Westfield Sheriff Rigby
Margia Dean as Marge
Sid Melton as Saloon Waiter-Piano Player
Byron Foulger as Rufe Dakin
Paul Maxey as Elmer Galway
Peter Marshall as George
Norman Leavitt as Dr. Hallstrom
Barbara Woodell as Ann—Frank's Wife
I. Stanford Jolley as Commissioner Morton
Robin Short as Gang Member
Jay Barney as Cap'n Andy Milburn
Hank Patterson as Clay County Marshal
Production
The film was meant to be a sequel to the very successful I Shot Jesse James (1949), also financed by Robert L. Lippert. John Ireland reprised his role as Robert Ford. The film was meant to mark the directorial debut of James Wong Howe who would co direct with editor Arthur Hilton. Filming began on May 1, 1950.
References
Bibliography
Fetrow, Alan G. Feature Films, 1950–1959: A United States Filmography. McFarland, 1999.
External links
1950 films
1950 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Lippert Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Arthur Hilton
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
USA Softball (formerly the Amateur Softball Association (ASA) and ASA/USA Softball) is the governing body for the United States national softball team. It is a member of the sport's international governing body, the World Baseball Softball Confederation (WBSC). In addition, it oversees more than 150,000 amateur teams nationwide. It is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
History
USA Softball was founded in 1933 as the Amateur Softball Association (ASA) with a tournament held in Chicago that was organized by Leo Fischer and Michael J. Pauley. The following year, the 1934 National Recreation Congress recognized the ASA. Shortly afterward, the ASA was located in Newark, New Jersey. A world amateur softball tournament was held by the ASA at Chicago's Soldier Field on September 7, 1939. The ASA relocated to its new headquarters in Oklahoma City on January 1, 1966.
The ASA sponsored the highest level of college softball competition between the disbandment of the Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women in 1982 until the NCAA started sanctioning the sport in 1985. The University of South Florida won the National Championship in both years under the ASA.
On June 30, 2016, the Amateur Softball Association of ASA/USA Softball announced that it would be changing its organizational and trade name to "USA Softball," effective on January 1, 2017, along with a new logo.
Since 2005, the organization has run the World Cup of Softball. The USA Softball Hall of Fame Complex also hosts the NCAA Women's College World Series and the Big 12 Conference softball championship.
Team USA
In 1978, the United States Olympic Committee named USA Softball the national governing body of softball in the United States. Due to this designation, USA Softball is responsible for training, equipping, and promoting the six USA softball national teams that compete in events such as the Olympics, Pan American Games, World Championships and other international and domestic events. In 1996, the USA softball women's national team became the first American softball team to compete in the Olympics. Team USA has 15 players and 3 replacement players currently on roster.
USA Softball registers over 120,000 softball teams adding up to about 2 million players. USA Softball is also a not-for-profit organization, which means every dollar generated by the organization goes back into improving and furthering the sport. Team USA's sole purpose is to better softball for the future and give people of all ages the opportunity to continue the game they love.
Amateur programs
The USA softball youth program began in 1974. Over 80,000 teams, 1.3 million players, and 300,000 coaches participate in USA Softball's youth division on an annual basis.
The USA Softball adult program began in 1934. With over 170,000 teams, 2.5 million players, and 500,000 coaches involved on an annual basis, the adult program is the largest USA Softball program. USA Softball provides programs of competition for adults including fast pitch, slow pitch and modified pitch for men and women.
National Softball Hall of Fame and museum
The National Softball Hall of Fame was dedicated May 26, 1973, in Oklahoma City. It has 337 members with 125 deceased, including players, managers, umpires, and other suitable individuals.
Rule book
USA Softball publishes an updated rule book for softball each year which is widely used by adult and youth recreational leagues in the United States and abroad. The USA Softball rules were also used for the softball competition when it was an Olympic sport between 1996 and 2008. The most recent Olympics to feature softball, in 2021, used the virtually identical WBSC ruleset.
References
External links
Softball
Sports in Oklahoma City
Sports in Newark, New Jersey
Softball organizations
Sports organizations established in 1933
Organizations based in Oklahoma City
501(c)(3) organizations
Softball in the United States
DSTO may refer to:
Defence Science and Technology Organisation, Australia
Defence Science and Technology Organization, Pakistan
Dual Stage To Orbit/Double Stage To Orbit, a spacecraft in which two distinct stages provide propulsion consecutively in order to achieve orbital velocity
Emil Backenius (16 January 1884 – 6 November 1968) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed in the heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1884 births
1968 deaths
People from Pukkila
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Uusimaa
, also known by his Chinese style name , was a prince of Ryukyu Kingdom.
Prince Yoshimura was the third son of King Shō Boku. He was also a half-brother of Crown Prince Shō Tetsu and Prince Urasoe Chōō, and a full-brother of Prince Ginowan Chōshō.
He was given Katsuren magiri (, modern part of Uruma) as his hereditary fief in 1771. He was bestowed the title "Prince Yoshimura" instead of "Prince Katsuren" because the character "" (katsu, means "victory") was not allowed to use in name. Prince Yoshimura established a new royal family: Yoshimura Udun ().
Prince Yoshimura served as sessei from 1798 to 1802.
References
|-
1763 births
1821 deaths
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
18th-century Ryukyuan people
19th-century Ryukyuan people
The Baytown Township Groundwater Plume is a Superfund site located east of the village of Lake Elmo, Minnesota, United States. The plume extends into Baytown and West Lakeland Townships and continues eastward approximately four miles to the St. Croix River. Baytown Township is a rapidly developing rural/suburban residential area on the eastern edge of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area. The contaminated groundwater is primarily in the Prairie du Chien-Jordan aquifer, which is the major source of drinking water for many residents in the area through private and residential wells. The Lake Elmo Airport is located near the western end of the plume and is administered by the Metropolitan Airports Commission (MAC). An estimated 8,000 people live in the area; 80 percent of the residents use private wells for their water supply.
Threats and contaminants
There are two volatile organic compounds of concern in the groundwater contaminant plume - trichloroethylene (TCE) and carbon tetrachloride. The Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) believes that use of the chlorinated solvent TCE at a former metal working facility at the location of the Hagberg Country Market was the major source of site ground water contamination. The use of TCE at the Lake Elmo airport likely also have caused some of the TCE groundwater contaminant plume. On the north side of the plume there are a few former grain storage bins which MPCA believes were the potential source of carbon tetrachloride that was previously detected in that area of the plume.
Cleanup progress
The Minnesota Department of Health (MDH) first detected TCE in private wells in 1987. Between 1987 and 2003, the MPCA, MDH, MAC, and the Washington County Department of Health collected thousands of samples from private wells. MDH conducted a public health assessment and created a well advisory area. MPCA and MAC have installed over 30 monitoring wells in the area. MPCA signed a Record of Decision in 2000 which calls for cleanup in three areas: the groundwater plume and private wells; the city of Bayport municipal well #2; and the source area.
The remedy for the groundwater plume and private wells includes plume monitoring and installation and maintenance of granular activated carbon (GAC) treatment units for private wells that exceed 5 micrograms per liter (ug/L or "parts per billion") TCE. Installation of GAC units has been completed at approximately 125 existing wells. The plume currently appears to be stable; however, a small number of additional units may be needed annually due to new home construction or interior plume variation. If the health-based limit for TCE is lowered in the future, GAC units would be needed at additional residential wells. The site currently is undergoing a groundwater optimization study by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers under contract to the United States Environmental Protection Agency to be completed in winter 2011.
External links
Baytown Township Ground Water Plume EPA Factsheet
Superfund sites in Minnesota
Geography of Washington County, Minnesota
Separate Lives is a 1995 American psychological thriller film directed by David Madden and starring James Belushi, Linda Hamilton, Vera Miles and Elisabeth Moss.
Plot
Dr. Lauren Porter's friend was killed a few years ago. Tom Beckwith, an ex-cop who gave up the profession after his wife died, follows Lauren's classes in order to become a psychiatrist. He learns that Lauren has a personality disorder after she convinces him to follow her with a camera and film her.
On his first tailing, Tom is beaten by a nightclub's owner who also turns out to be the boyfriend of Lauren's alter ego, Lena. Tom quits, but Lauren persuades him to reconsider. They confide in each other about their respective families. Tom is having a hard time raising his tomboyish daughter Ronni alone while Lauren confides she was the only witness for her mother and stepfather's murders. Her real father, meanwhile, has moved on and is now a happy husband and father again.
Tom tries to connect with his ex-colleagues in investigating the murders. He learns that Lauren has an ex-husband, Charles, with whom she stayed on good terms. However, Charles is soon killed.
Tom decides to invite Lauren home for a dinner, where she makes Ronni understand that despite any personal problems, Tom is still her father and cares about her.
Believing the solution can be found at Lauren's childhood house, Tom drives her there. They discover that Lauren's dad is the real culprit. He manipulated his daughter, the only witness, by saying that she was as responsible as he was. Tom is shot in the arm, and Lauren tries to get her father to not kill his own daughter, but her father coldly refuses to let her go and prepares to kill Lauren, claiming he has always hated her and his family. Seeing Lauren's father as the irredeemable monster he truly is, Tom gets back up and manages to disarm Lauren's dad, before throwing him out the window to his death.
Tom promises to keep in touch with Lauren, who is committed to an asylum. Before he departs, they kiss.
Cast
James Belushi as Tom Beckwith
Linda Hamilton as Lauren Porter / Lena
Vera Miles as Dr. Ruth Goldin
Elisabeth Moss as Ronni Beckwith
Drew Snyder as Robert Porter
Mark Lindsay Chapman as Keno Sykes
External links
1995 films
1995 thriller films
1990s psychological thriller films
American psychological thriller films
Films scored by William Olvis
Trimark Pictures films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
See If I Care is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Gary Allan. It was released in September 2003 via MCA Nashville. The album spawned three singles with "Tough Little Boys", "Songs About Rain", and "Nothing On but the Radio", all of which charted in the Top 20 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. "Tough Little Boys" and "Nothing On but the Radio" both reached number one while "Songs About Rain" peaked at number 12. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA.
The album's title track was previously recorded by Mike Walker on his self-titled debut album. The song "A Showman's Life" was originally recorded by the songwriter, Jesse Winchester, on his 1978 album A Touch on the Rainy Side and was subsequently recorded by George Strait on his 2011 album Here for a Good Time. This is the last album for Gary Allan to have and feature him with a cowboy hat on.
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Richard Bennett - electric guitar (track 6)
Chad Cromwell - drums
Eric Darken - percussion
Dan Dugmore - steel guitar (tracks 1, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11)
Stuart Duncan - fiddle (track 3)
Mike Henderson - electric guitar (track 1)
Jim Hoke - accordion (tracks 5, 8), harmonica (track 11)
Jake Kelly - acoustic guitar
Steve Nathan - piano, Hammond B-3 organ, Wurlitzer electric piano
Willie Nelson - acoustic guitar (track 11)
Michael Rhodes - bass guitar
Brent Rowan - electric guitar
Hank Singer - fiddle, mandolin (track 5)
Robby Turner - steel guitar (tracks 2–4, 6, 9)
John Willis - acoustic guitar
Backing vocalists
Lisa Cochran - track 6
Marabeth Jordan - track 6
Jim Lauderdale - track 8
Jamie O'Hara - track 10
John Wesley Ryles - tracks 1–5, 7, 9
Chris Stapleton - track 1
Harry Stinson - track 2–7, 9, 10
Bergen White - track 6
Technical
Gary Allan - production
Greg Droman - recording, mixing
Todd Gunnerson - engineering
Ronnie Thomas - editing
Hank Williams - mastering
Mark Wright - production
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2003 albums
Gary Allan albums
MCA Records albums
Albums produced by Mark Wright (record producer)
The 1993 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain was a series of thirteen matches played by the New Zealand national rugby union team (the All Blacks) in England, Scotland and Wales from October to December 1993. Twelve of the matches took place in England or Scotland with only the final match against the Barbarians being played in Wales. New Zealand won twelve of their thirteen games, losing only the international match against England – they won the other international against Scotland
Matches
Scores and results list New Zealand's points tally first.
Touring party
Manager: Neil Gray
Assistant Manager: Earle Kirton
Coach: Laurie Mains
Captain: Sean Fitzpatrick
Backs
Shane Howarth (Auckland)
John Timu (Otago)
Matthew Cooper (Waikato)
Va'aiga Tuigamala (Auckland)
Jeff Wilson (Otago)
Eric Rush (North Harbour)
Eroni Clarke (Auckland)
Frank Bunce (North Harbour)
Lee Stensness (Auckland)
Marty Berry (Wellington)
Marc Ellis (Otago)
Stephen Bachop (Otago)
Jon Preston (Wellington)
Stu Forster (Otago)
Forwards
Mark "Bull" Allen (Taranaki)
Craig Dowd (Auckland)
Graham Purvis (Waikato)
Olo Brown (Auckland)
Sean Fitzpatrick (Auckland)
Norm Hewitt (Hawke's Bay)
Steve Gordon (Waikato)
Robin Brooke (Auckland)
Ian Jones (North Auckland)
Richard Fromont (Auckland)
Jamie Joseph (Otago)
Zinzan Brooke (Auckland)
Liam Barry (North Harbour)
Paul Henderson (Southland)
John Mitchell (Waikato)
Arran Pene (Otago)
Blair Larsen (North Harbour) replacement during tour
Mike Brewer (Otago) replacement during tour
References
New Zealand
1993
1993
1993
1993 in New Zealand rugby union
1993–94 in English rugby union
1993–94 in Scottish rugby union
1993–94 in British rugby union
1993–94 in European rugby union
The 19319 / 19320 Veraval - Indore Mahamana Express is an Indian express train belonging to Western Railway zone that runs between Veraval Junction and Indore Junction in India. It is currently operated once a week with 19319/19320 train numbers.
Coach composition
The train has standard ICF rakes with a maximum speed of . The train consists of 16 coaches :
1 AC II Tier
2 AC III Tier
7 Sleeper Coaches
4 General Unreserved
2 Seating cum Luggage Rakes
Service
The 19319 Veraval - Indore Mahamana Express has an average speed of and covers in 20 hrs 30 mins.
The 19320 Indore - Veraval Mahamana Express has an average speed of and covers the distance in 19 hrs 40 mins.
Route & Halts
The important stops of the train are:
Schedule
Rake sharing
The train shares its rake with 19333/19334 Indore - Bikaner Mahamana Express.
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Vadodara Loco Shed based WAP 5 or WAP 4E electric locomotives from Indore to Ahmedabad. From Ahmedabad, the trains are hauled by a Vatva Loco Shed based WDM 3A diesel locomotives to Veraval and vice versa.
References
Notes
External links
19319/Veraval - Indore Mahamana Express
19320/Indore - Veraval Mahamana Express
Rail transport in Gujarat
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Transport in Indore
Transport in Veraval
Mahamana Express trains
Memorials to Madan Mohan Malaviya
Railway services introduced in 2018
Binghui Shen (born 1961), is an American radiobiologist. He is currently the Chair and Professor of Cancer Genetics and Epigenetics at City of Hope National Medical Center.
He graduated BSc from Department of Biology of Zhejiang University in Hangzhou in 1983. From 1983 to 1986, Shen was an assistant in the Department of Agricultural Sciences at Zhejiang Agricultural University (previous and current Zhejiang University). Shen obtained his PhD from Kansas State University. Shen did his postdoctoral research first in the Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry at the University of California, Irvine, then in the Life Sciences Division of Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico.
In 1996, Shen joined the Division of Cell & Tumor Biology at City of Hope National Medical Center. In 2000, he became associate professor in the Division of Molecular Medicine. In 2003, Shen was appointed the Director of the Division of Radiation Biology. He's also the Associated Chair and Professor in the Division of Cancer Biology, and a full member of Cancer Biology Program in the Comprehensive Cancer Center.
Shen was elected to the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Society of Radiation Research, and is member of the Radiation Study Section of the National Institutes of Health. Shen was named the United States Department of Defense's 2002 Breast Cancer Research Program panel.
References
External links
Homepage: The City of Hope National Medical Center
The Shen laboratory
Biography of Binghui Shen, Ph.D.
Dr. Binghui Shen Was Appointed as a Kuang-piu Professor of Zhejiang University
Binghui Shen - research profile on BiomedExperts
1961 births
Living people
American people of Chinese descent
Zhejiang University alumni
Zhejiang University faculty
Kansas State University alumni
21st-century American biologists
Thomas Duncan (general) (1819–1887) was a Union Army brevet brigadier general. General Duncan may also refer to:
Alastair Duncan (British Army officer) (1952–2016), British Army major general
Alexander Duncan (army officer) (1780–1859), East India Company general
George B. Duncan (1861–1950), U.S. Army major general
John Duncan (British Army officer, born 1870) (1870–1960), British Army major general
John Duncan (British Army officer, born 1872) (1872–1948), British Army major general
Johnson K. Duncan (1827–1862), Confederate States Army brigadier general
The 41st Academy of Country Music Awards were held on May 23, 2006 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena Las Vegas, Nevada. The ceremony was hosted by ACM Award Winner, Reba McEntire.
Winners and nominees
Winners are shown in bold.
References
Academy of Country Music Awards
Academy of Country Music Awards
Academy of Country Music Awards
Academy of Country Music Awards
Academy of Country Music Awards
Academy of Country Music Awards
The Bowl of Hygieia is one of the symbols of pharmacology, and along with the Rod of Asclepius it is one of the most ancient and important symbols related to medicine in western countries. Hygieia was the Greek goddess of health, hygiene, and the associate, daughter of Asclepius. Asclepius' symbol is his rod, with a snake twined around it; correspondingly, Hygieia's symbol is a cup or chalice with a snake twined around its stem. Hygieia was also invoked, along with her father Asclepius, and Panacea in the original Hippocratic Oath.
Usage of symbol by pharmaceutical associations
The bowl of Hygieia has been used as a symbol of the pharmacy profession at least as far back as 1796, when it was used on a coin minted for the Parisian Society of Pharmacy. It has since been adopted by many more pharmaceutical associations worldwide, such as the American Pharmacists Association, the Canadian Pharmacists Association, the Pharmaceutical Society of Australia, and the Doctor of pharmacy Association, Conseil de l'Ordre des Pharmaciens in France (where is written in law with another symbol, the green Greek cross).
The bowl of Hygieia is a common symbol on signs outside of pharmacies in Europe. A mortar and pestle is a more common symbol in the United States.
References
Pharmacy
Greek mythology
Heraldic charges
Professional symbols
Medical symbols
Viviana Andrea Callahan Vargas (born July 14, 1980) is a Chilean ski mountaineer.
Callahan attended the college of physical education (LICAF) of the University of Santiago (USACH).
Viviana Callahan is an outstanding Chilean mountaineer with a vast career dedicated to sports ascensions and guided education. She currently works as an instructor at the National Outdoor Leadership School (NOLS). As a mountain guide she has participated in dozens of expeditions to Aconcagua, a mountain that she has climbed 12 times.
In 2005, she participated in the 1st South American Ski Mountaineering Championship, and won Bronze.
In 2011 she participated in the first Chilean expedition to Dhaulagiri (8,167m) with María Paz Ibarra and María Fajardo. Unfortunately the trio of climbers did not reach the summit by 100 meters due to bad weather.
References
External links
Viviana Andrea Callahan Vargas at SkiMountaineering.org
Viviana Callahan interview, Revista Escalando #24, pages 36-37
1980 births
Living people
Chilean female ski mountaineers
University of Santiago, Chile alumni
Bhupesh Gupta () (20 October 1914 – 6 August 1981) was an Indian politician and a leader of the Communist Party of India.
Early life
He was born at Itna, in the erstwhile Mymensingh District of Bengal Province in British India. He studied at the renowned Scottish Church College of the University of Calcutta.
Bhupesh Gupta joined Bengal revolutionaries in his school days.
Later life
He was a member of the Rajya Sabha for five terms from West Bengal, from 3 April 1952 till his death. He was reelected in 1958, 1964, 1970 and 1976. He was a skilled parliamentarian. He died in Moscow on 6 August 1981.
References
Sources
Communist Party of India politicians from West Bengal
1914 births
1981 deaths
Rajya Sabha members from West Bengal
Scottish Church College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Ferdinand Maack (1861–1930) was a German doctor, inventor and occultist. He invented Raumschach, the classic 3D chess game, first described by him in the Frankfurter Zeitung in 1907. He promoted the game with demonstrations, articles, specialist magazines and several books. He founded the Hamburg Raumschach Club in 1919, which remained active until World War II.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
1861 births
1930 deaths
Chess variant inventors
20th-century German inventors
20th-century German physicians
Kouroulamini is a commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The principal town lies at N'Tentou. In 1998 the commune had a population of 3,128.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Sir John Dean Goffin (9 July 1916 – 23 January 1984) was one of New Zealand's first prolific Salvation Army composers who composed not only music for the Army but for non-Army bands as well.
He grew up in a musically active Salvation Army family, his father a famous bandmaster and composer of popular marches. From a very young age he was active in the musical life of New Zealand, both in and out of the Salvation Army, becoming, at the age of 19, bandmaster of the famed Wellington South Corps. During World War II he served as a military musician, forming and training the band of the 20th Infantry Battalion of the 4th Brigade that was active in the Middle East.
Goffin was the first major Salvation Army composer to complete a bachelor in music from the University of Otago in 1950. Shortly after he trained to become a Salvation Army Officer, serving initially in New Zealand, then in Great Britain where he held the positions of National Bandmaster (1956-1960) and National Secretary for bands and Songster Brigades (1960-1966). Transferred back to New Zealand (1966), Goffin assumed senior administrative positions culminating in his appointment as Territorial Commander (1980). Goffin was appointed a Knight Bachelor in the 1983 Queen's Birthday Honours.
His major works include: Meditation - The Light of the World; Symphony of Thanksgiving, written for the International Staff Band of The Salvation Army in 1951 for their Diamond Jubilee Celebration; and Rhapsody In Brass, selected for the 1949 British Open Brass Band Championships at Belle Vue. Rhapsodic Variation - My Strength My Tower was conceived as a test piece for Brass Band but its publication was prevented by his commissioning as a Salvation Army officer, until it was modified for publication as by the Salvation Army.
References
1916 births
1984 deaths
Composers of Christian music
Brass band composers
New Zealand composers
Male composers
New Zealand Salvationists
Salvation Army officers
University of Otago alumni
20th-century composers
20th-century male musicians
New Zealand Knights Bachelor
Fort Strother was a stockade fort at Ten Islands in the Mississippi Territory, in what is today St. Clair County, Alabama. It was located on a bluff of the Coosa River, near the modern Neely Henry Dam in Ragland, Alabama. The fort was built by General Andrew Jackson and several thousand militiamen in November 1813, during the Creek War and was named for Captain John Strother, Jackson's chief cartographer.
History
Creek War
On November 1, 1813, General Jackson reached the area of Ten Islands and began construction of Fort Strother. The fort was rectangular in shape and had blockhouses at each corner. It also included a supply building, eight hospital huts, and twenty-five tents. While constructing the fort, Jackson received news of a large number of Red Sticks that were in the village of Tallasseehatchee. He instructed General John Coffee to attack the village, resulting in the Battle of Tallushatchee. After the Battle of Tallushatchee, Red Stick warriors under the command of William Weatherford surrounded Fort Leslie and demanded that the inhabitants join in fighting against the United States. One of the occupants escaped and was able to reach Fort Strother and inform Jackson of the siege. Jackson ordered James White and his soldiers to guard Fort Strother while he proceeded to Fort Leslie. Instead, General John Alexander Cocke ordered White to proceed to the Hillabee towns and destroy them. Nevertheless, Jackson marched to Fort Leslie and fought the Battle of Talladega.
Jackson struggled with keeping Fort Strother supplied through the winter of 1813, despite it being connected to Fort Deposit on the Tennessee River by a 55-mile long supply road. Some of the Tennessee soldiers stationed at Fort Strother became disgruntled and felt their obligation to serve had been fulfilled. These soldiers deserted their posts, but were recaptured or chose to voluntarily return, Even so, six were executed. Supplies began to arrive from Fort Deposit and Fort Armstrong, along with additional reinforcements. With these new volunteers, Jackson set out to fight the Red Sticks at the large encampment at Tohopeka, but was instead attacked en route at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Returning to Fort Strother, Jackson continued to enlarge his forces with additional soldiers and supplies. Among the reinforcements were William McIntosh and seventy-five Coweta warriors, who came to Fort Strother after the Battle of Calebee Creek. In March 1814, Jackson dispatched Colonel John Williams and the 39th Infantry Regiment to establish Fort Williams further down the Coosa River. Jackson then marched to Fort Williams, and from there, his forces marched to Tohopeka and fought the Battle of Horseshoe Bend on March 27, 1814.
Present
An inscribed stone marker near Highway 144, erected by the county, records a brief history of the fort. The Daughters of the American Revolution also placed a commemorative marker at the site on the one-hundredth anniversary of the fort's founding.
Preservation
The fort site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. St. Clair County acquired the property in 2012. The exact location of the fort has not been identified, but the site of a cemetery and camp have been confirmed by archaeological investigations. Approximately 76 unmarked soldiers' graves have been identified laid out in three rows in the cemetery. Local efforts have been made to have the fort site and graves federally protected.
Units
Members of the 1st and 2nd Regiment East Tennessee Volunteer Militia were stationed at Fort Strother, some under the command of Samuel Wear. Members of the Cherokee tribe were also stationed at Fort Strother. Davy Crockett spent time at Fort Strother during his service in the Creek War. Sam Houston was also stationed at Fort Strother while a member of the 39th Infantry Regiment.
References
Sources
External links
Fort Strother articles from the Pell City Public Library
Strother
Pre-statehood history of Alabama
Creek War
Strother
Strother
Buildings and structures in St. Clair County, Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in St. Clair County, Alabama
Strother
Strother
The 1993-94 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 32 clubs divided into four pools. At the end of the first phase, the teams placed in the first four places of each pool were admitted to the "Top 16" arranged with four pools of four teams. The first two of each pool were admitted to the quarter finals.
The four clubs of Périgueux, Dijon, Lyon OU and Lourdes, the newcomer, coming from "Group B" 1992-93.
Toulouse won its 11th title, beating Montferrand in the final. Toulouse became, with Béziers, the winner of the most titles. Montferrand lost another final. At the end of the season Mon de Marsan, Lourdes, Béziers and Lyon OU were relegated.
Participants
Teams listed as in the final ranking. Teams in bold qualified to the next round.
Top 16
Team listed as in the final ranking. Teams in bold qualified to next round.
Final stages
Quarter Finals
Semifinals
Final
Notes
Bibliografia
External links
Compte rendu de la finale 1994 sur www.lnr.fr
1994
France
Championship
The Comic Legends Legal Defense Fund (CLLDF) is a Canadian nonprofit organization, created in 1987 to protect the free speech rights of comics creators, publishers, retailers, and readers, by helping to cover legal expenses in the defense of cases where its directors feel those issues are at stake.
History
The Comic Legends Legal Defense Fund was begun by writer Derek McCulloch, Vancouver comics convention organizer Leonard S. Wong, student and community organizer Liz Schiller, and Paul Stockton of Strawberry Jam Comics to assist with the legal defense of Comic Legends, a Calgary, Alberta comic shop whose owners were charged with selling obscene materials. The CLLDF raised approximately $3000 to aid in the owners' defense, bringing Fantagraphics publisher Gary Groth to Calgary to testify as an expert witness in the trial. The trial ended with a conviction and a sentence totaling $3,000 in fines. The CLLDF supported an appeal. The conviction was not overturned, but the sentence was reduced to a nominal fine. As part of this effort, the organization published the books True North and True North II as fund-raisers.
In later years, the organization made financial contributions to support Little Sister's Book and Art Emporium in its legal dispute with Canada Customs over imported comics, and paid for an expert witness whose testimony assisted in the acquittal of Marc Laliberte, a fanzine publisher in Windsor, Ontario.
In 2011, the organization, which had been mostly dormant for twenty years, became involved in a case involving a U.S. citizen visiting Canada, whose laptop computer had been searched by Canada Customs and who was arrested and charged with possession of "child pornography" based on the comics illustrations found there. In coordination with the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund, a U.S. organization with similar goals, which became involved because of the defendant's citizenship and international elements of the legal issues, the CLLDF raised funds for his defense and to promote awareness of the legal issues involved in the case. The organization contributed US$11,000 toward his $75,000 legal expenses; charges were dropped.
To facilitate fundraising, CLLDF formally incorporated in 2011 as a nonprofit organization. At the same time, the fund expanded its board of directors from three (McCulloch, Stockton, and Wong) to five, adding retailers Jay Bardyla and Jennifer Haines.
See also
Comic Book Legal Defense Fund
References
External links
Freedom of expression organizations
Legal advocacy organizations based in Canada
Comics-related organizations
Censorship in Canada
Comics-related organizations in Canada
Organizations based in Toronto
Legal organizations based in Ontario
Sant'Ansano is a neoclassical-style, Roman Catholic church located in the town of Spoleto, in the province of Perugia, region of Umbria, Italy.
History
A church at the site had been built around the tomb of St Isaac, a Syrian eremitic monk who supposedly came to a mountain around Spoleto in the 6th century. The present church was built in the late 1700s by the Milanese architect Antonio Dotti.
Inside are housed a fresco depicting the Madonna and Child and two Saints by Giovanni di Pietro, also called Lo Spagna and a main altarpiece depicting the Martyrdom of St Ansano by Archita Ricci.
Below the church is the Crypt of Sant'Isacco, which had been constructed in what had been a ground-level, ancient Roman temple. The crypt has romanesque-style, sculpted capitals (8-9th century) for the columns. It also has some 11th-12th-century restored frescoes.
References
Churches in Spoleto
Neoclassical architecture in Umbria
Romanesque architecture in Spoleto
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Octagonal churches in Italy
Neoclassical church buildings in Italy
Wila Qullu (Aymara wila red or blood, qullu mountain, "red mountain", Hispanicized spelling Wila Kkollu), also Cerro Laguna (Spanish cerro hill, laguna lake, lagoon), is a mountain in the Andes located on the border of Bolivia and Chile in the Cordillera Occidental. Wila Qullu lies between the Salar de Huasco in the Tarapacá Region of Chile and the Salar de Uyuni in Bolivia. On the Bolivian side it is situated in the Potosí Department, Daniel Campos Province, Llica Municipality, Canquella Canton, north of the village of Pampa Anta.
See also
Ch'alla Qullu
Ch'api Qullu
Waylla
List of mountains in the Andes
References
External links
Llica Municipality: population data and map showing Canquella Canton and the village Pampa Anta. Wila Qullu is situated north of it on the border.
Mountains of Chile
Mountains of Potosí Department
Landforms of Tarapacá Region
Lieutenant General Thomas Bligh (1685–1775) was an Irish-born British soldier, best known for his service during the Seven Years' War when he led a series of amphibious raids, known as "descents" on the French coastline. Despite initial success in these operations, they came to an end following the disastrous Battle of St Cast.
Career
Bligh was born in 1685, the son of Irish politician, Thomas Bligh and his wife Elizabeth née Napier. During his long service in the British army, he rose to the rank of Lieutenant General. In 1745, during the War of the Austrian Succession, as a Brigadier, he took over command of allied troops at the battle of Melle and led part of the defeated force to safety. He fought at Dettingen, Val, Fontneay, and Melle. He was also commander of the British troops at Cherbourg. In 1758 he was appointed to command the descents, at the age of seventy-three. He led an initial successful Raid on Cherbourg in August September 1758, capturing and destroying the town's fortifications. He then re-embarked and moved along the coast to St Malo. There, confronted with adverse weather conditions, they were able only to land some of their force, which was soon confronted by a larger French force with had hurriedly marched there from Brest. In the scramble to get his men back onto the ships, Bligh fought a confused rearguard action, the Battle of Saint Cast suffering between 750–1000 casualties before he was finally able to re-embark his men. They then sailed for England.
Bligh was poorly treated when he returned home. King George II refused to receive him, considered an enormous slight, and he came under fierce criticism from all sides. One of the few to stand up for Bligh was the young Prince of Wales, later George III, who chastised both the Prime Minister Duke of Newcastle and his ally William Pitt for not defending Bligh.
He was buried at Rathmore Church, Ireland.
See also
Great Britain in the Seven Years War
References
Peerage of England
Bibliography
Anderson, Fred. Crucible of War: The Seven Years' War and the Fate of Empire in British North America, 1754–1766. Faber and Faber, 2001
External links
Met picture
Thomas Bligh (1685–1775) in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography:
British Army lieutenant generals
1685 births
1775 deaths
Thomas
People from County Meath
Irish officers in the British Army
Lancashire Fusiliers officers
5th Dragoon Guards officers
12th Royal Lancers officers
British Army personnel of the Seven Years' War
Francis Jack Needham, 2nd Earl of Kilmorey (12 December 1787 – 20 June 1880), known as Viscount Newry from 1822 to 1832, was an Anglo-Irish peer and Member of Parliament.
Biography
He was the son of General Francis Needham, 1st Earl of Kilmorey. He was elected to the House of Commons for Newry in 1819 (succeeding his father), a seat he held until 1826. In 1832 he succeeded his father in the earldom but as this was an Irish peerage it did not entitle him to a seat in the House of Lords. He served as High Sheriff of Down for 1828.
He married Jane Gun-Cuninghame in 1814, they separated in 1835 and she died in 1867. He married his second wife a Martha Foster (b1838-d1908), on the 20 November 1867. No issue.
Lord Kilmorey scandalised Victorian society by eloping with his ward, Priscilla Anne Hoste (26 June 1823 – 21 October 1854), when he was in his late fifties and she was 20. Priscilla Hoste was the daughter of Admiral Sir William Hoste and his wife Lady Harriet Walpole. Her father died when she was a small child and her mother allegedly was careless of her relations with Lord Kilmorey.
A year after their elopement, in July 1844, they had a child, Charles, who Lord Kilmorey acknowledged as his son and to whom he gave his surname. He set up his mistress in an adjoining house with a tunnel between the two.
Kilmorey Mausoleum
Priscilla died of heart disease on 21 October 1854, and she was buried in a mausoleum which had been specially commissioned by Lord Kilmorey for them both, with the inscription "Priscilla, the beloved of Francis Jack, Earl of Kilmorey".
When Kilmorey himself died in June 1880, aged 92, he was buried beside her in the mausoleum underneath a bas-relief showing the dying Priscilla on a couch surrounded by her lover and ten-year-old son. The Kilmorey Mausoleum, in an ancient Egyptian design, is now a Grade II* listed monument. It cost £30,000 to build and was moved several times between Lord Kilmorey's homes. It is in St Margarets (the subdistrict named after the house and grounds the Earl bought) in Twickenham and is maintained jointly by Richmond upon Thames Council and English Heritage.
Legacy
Kilmorey was succeeded in his titles by his grandson Francis, his eldest son Francis Needham, Viscount Newry, having predeceased him.
Charles Needham, despite being illegitimate, was said to be his father's favourite – the "apple of his eye". He was two years younger than his half-nephew, the eventual 3rd Earl of Kilmorey. On 25 February 1874 he married in London a Dutch heiress called Henriette Amélie Charlotte Vincentia barones van Tuyll van Serooskerken (known as Amy), the third daughter of Vincent Gildemeester baron van Tuyll van Serooskerken, who had made a fortune out of the tin concessions on the island of Billiton in the Dutch East Indies. Charles and Amy had two daughters, Evelyn and Violet.
Violet Needham (1876–1967) was the author of 19 books for children published between 1939 and 1957. Although she came to writing late – she was 63 when her first book, The Black Riders, was published – her books achieved immediate and lasting popularity with young readers.
See also
Cross Deep House
Kilmorey Mausoleum
Radnor House
Notes
References
Bibliography
Kidd, Charles; Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press
External links
Kilmorey Mausoleum home page
Kilmorey Mausoleum on St Margarets Community Website
1787 births
1880 deaths
Earls of Kilmorey
High Sheriffs of Down
Mausoleums in England
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Newry (1801–1918)
Needham, Francis
UK MPs 1818–1820
UK MPs 1820–1826
Kilmorey, E2
Michael Schiavello (born 10 April 1975) is an Australian sports commentator and journalist. He has commentated for AXS TV, K-1, Dream, Maximum Fighting Championship, King of the Cage, ONE Championship and The Contender Asia. He has also written for more than 50 publications worldwide, was the long-serving editor of Blitz Magazine, was the editor of International Kickboxer magazine until 2009, was a feature writer for Inside Sport magazine, and was the youngest ever inductee to the Best Australian Sports Writing Awards.
Commentating
Schiavello first got his start in commentating at age 16 at a track and field event in Melbourne. Shortly after, he began hosting his own radio sports show on Southern FM where he was called "Mr Scoop" for his ability to score interviews with world-famous sports stars between high school and homework. Some of the famous sports personalities Schiavello interviewed for his community radio show included soccer stars Diego Maradona and Pele, tennis stars Gabriela Sabatini, Stefan Edberg and Goran Ivanisevic, cricket stars Richie Richardson, Wasim Akram, and Mohammad Azharuddin, pro wrestler The Junkyard Dog, and more. When Schiavello was 21, a fight promoter in Melbourne asked him to commentate for the video of his show. Other promoters heard it, liked his style, and asked him to do their shows. Then, when Foxtel (Fox Sports) came on air in 1996, they asked him to commentate for them.
Schiavello is currently commentating for Singapore-based MMA promotion One Championship. He has been the voice of K-1, Dream, Sengoku, The Contender Asia, and AXS TV Fights (formerly HDNet), having signed with the North American broadcaster in July 2009 after capturing the attention of the network's billionaire owner, Mark Cuban. He left AXS TV in 2017. Other promotions he has commentated for include: MFC, Invicta Fighting Championships, XFC, Adrenaline, Evolution, XPlosion, King of the Cage, BAMMA, and Legacy Fighting Championship. Schiavello has also commentated for the 2006 Commonwealth Games and the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. He also helmed the biggest pay-per-view event in Australian television history when, alongside the late Clinton Grybas, Kostya Tszyu, Adam Watt, and Paul Briggs, he was part of the broadcast team for Danny Green vs Anthony Mundine. Schiavello has commentated on over 4000 fights in more than 15 countries since 1996. Cities he has commentated in include Tokyo, Amsterdam, Las Vegas, Bucharest, Beijing, Montego Bay, Lodz, Budapest, Omaha, Edmonton, Seoul, Auckland, and Honolulu.
Schiavello made a guest appearance on The Joe Rogan Experience podcast on 24 July 2011. In August 2015, he was a guest commentator for Lucha Underground's Ultima Lucha event.
In 2010, Schiavello became the first commentator to ever be nominated for the "Leading Man" Award at the World MMA Awards in Las Vegas. In September 2011, he was nominated for "Best Sports Host" at the 2011 CableFAX Cable TV Awards. He also won the award for "Most Annoying" and "Cheesiest" commentator in all sport.
The Voice Versus
In 2010, HDNet launched The Voice Versus series in which host Michael Schiavello interviewed various combat sports personalities. The show was a one-hour sit down interview show with some of the biggest names in sports and entertainment including:
Stone Cold Steve Austin
Frank Dux
George Foreman
Badr Hari
Hulk Hogan
Sugar Ray Leonard
Jason "Mayhem" Miller
Tito Ortiz
Alistair Overeem
Joe Rogan
Steven Seagal
Wanderlei Silva
Dana White
Michael Jai White
Fedor Emelianenko
Bas Rutten
Royce Gracie
Nick Diaz was scheduled to appear on the show in July 2013, but he did not show up for the interview. To date, The Voice Versus has filmed in four countries: the United States, Australia, South Korea, and the Netherlands.
Personal life
Michael Schiavello relocated from his native Melbourne to Las Vegas with his wife, Irena, in September 2011. In 2017, the family decided to return to Australia.
Schiavello became a Freemason in 2009, joining Balwyn-Deepdene Lodge No. 275 where he was raised to a Master Mason in 2010, before switching to Daylite Lodge No. 44 upon his relocation to the US.
Books
Bouncer! Real Life Stories [1998]
Offside! The Wild Side of Soccer [2000]
Bodies of the Rich and Famous [2000]
ReflexJack [2001]
Know Thyself: Using the Symbols of Freemasonry to Improve Your Life [2016]
References
External links
Australian television personalities
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Television personalities from Melbourne
Journalists from Melbourne
Living people
Mixed martial arts broadcasters
Kickboxing commentators
Australian sports broadcasters
American television sports announcers
Mixed martial arts people
Boxing commentators
Sports commentators
1975 births
Color commentators
Australian Freemasons
Professional wrestling announcers
Sri Sarabha Sastri (1872–1904) was an Indian venu flute player, known as the first great Brahmin flutist. He brought the flute to the mainstream Indian Carnatic concert stage – until then, it was almost exclusively a folk instrument. To Sastri goes the credit of promoting the flute to the status of a primary concert instrument from being a mere 'second fiddle' to dance.
Early life and background
Sri Sarabha Sastrigal was born in 1872 to Viswanatha Sastri and Smt. Dharmambal. His mother's native place was Tiruvadi and She lived next door to Saint Tyagaraja. His father died when he and his brother (Rao Sahib)Sivakumara Sastri were very young. Blind at a young age, he was initiated into a career in music under the guidance of his maternal uncle Sri Kuppusamy Sastri of Tiruvadi near Thiruvaiyaru and later by Manambuchavadi Venkatasubbayyar, one of the leading disciples of Saint Tyagaraja. Sri Govinda Nayanakkar unravelled the mysteries of flute to young Sarabha Sastri.
Sri Saraba Saastri lived in Soliappa Mudali street in Kumbakonam and was married to Ambu Ammal.
Penance at Eraharam
Sastri undertook penance in ErAharam -Sri Sankari Samedha Skandanadha Swamy temple, obtained divinity and brought peace and happiness to local population. Later, he organised "Sarba Kavadi", " Macha Kavadi" etc. and spread the fame of this temple. Carrying kavadi is a practice of penance or prayaschittam. Thaipusam is a festival that is marked by acts of penance such as carrying the Kavadi. The Kavadi itself is a physical burden through which the devotees implore for help from deity.
Achievements
Blindness in childhood could do nothing to blunt the musical genius of Sarabha Sastri. By experimenting with the flute, he evolved a fingering technique by which he could produce the entire range of Indian ragas on it.
Sri Sarabha Sastrigal composed more than 500 Sahityas for Nayanmar charithrams, in various languages.
Sri Saraba Saastrigal taught a unique technique in playing the Flute (with Tu-Tu kaarams). He was also able to play the Thaanam on the Flute. Sri Saraba Saastrigal was also called "Eka Chandra Graahi", since he had the uncanny ability to grasp anything by just listening once. Palladam Sanjiva Rao was a direct disciple of Sri Saraba Saastrigal. Palladam Sanjiva Rao passed this on to H Ramachandra Shastry who taught Carnatic flute at Kalakshetra until 1992. Some of the notable musicians practising this art form include G. S. Rajan, Ludwig Pesch and T. Sashidhar.
Sastri was always sought after by fans, but he never practised the flute at home. Sastri who never practised would however warm up within a few seconds from the commencement of a concert and readily get into his stride. He was a confirmed believer in emotional purification through music. He was invited to serve as the "Asthana Vidwan' of Mysore samasthan by the erstwhile Maharaja of Mysore which was refused by Sastri.He was also against commercialisation of music.
Origin of the Carnatic Flute
Until the late 19th century, the Carnatic flute (better known in Tamil as the pullanguzhal), an 8-hole bamboo flute, the South Indian equivalent of the North Indian 6-hole bansuri flute, had never been used in Carnatic concerts. Sharaba Shastri has been characterised by his followers as a musical genius after experimenting and creating the Carnatic flute. He is also known for bringing the Carnatic flute to the fore of Carnatic music concerts as an influential instrument.
The Sharaba Shastri style or bani of playing was established and was carried on by his disciple Sanjeeva Rao. However it was the self-taught "Mali" who brought a revolution in popularising the Carnatic flute and whose legacy was carried on by Ramani and other national and international disciples of Mali.
The fingering technique invented by Sarabha Shastri was as highly scientific, and as accurate as a keyboard. The minutest oscillations required for the intricate gamakas of Carnatic music were covered by this fingering system. By progressing from playing only simple tunes to the ability of producing full-fledged kritis complete with the nuances of every raga, the flute came on par with the veena as a concert instrument. No recordings of his playing survive, and apart from stray references in larger works, little has been written about his music. We only know his music through his student, the legendary Palladam Sanjiva Rao.
Sanskrit Scholar
Sastri was a great scholar and used to have discussions with other scholars such as Thirupalanam Panchapakesa Sastrigal, Sulamangalam Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar and others. Music scholars such as Thirukodikaval Krishna Iyer, “Fiddle” Govindasamy Pillai, Pattanam Subramaniya Iyer, Thanjavur Krishna Bhagavathar, Mridangam Narayanaswamy Appa, Mridangam Azhaga Nambi Pillai, Kumbakonam Sivakolundu and Tirumarugal Natesa Nayakarar were his contemporaries and used to accompany him in his concerts.
Death
Sri Sarabha Sastrigal died at the young age of 32 years in the year 1904 at Kumbakonam. Sarabha Shastri, like many a great genius, lived only a short life. Upon his death at the age of 32, his work was carried on by his most celebrated disciple, Palladam Sanjeeva Rao, who perfected and elaborated on the fingering system and popularised the flute as a solo concert instrument. However the original contribution of Sarabha Shastri upgrading the flute onto the concert platform remains immortal
Sastri's Flute
The flute he handled is still on display at Sri Rama Bhajanai Sabha at 110, Solaippan Street, Kumbakonam. Sri Sarabha Sastrigal's flute has been preserved for more than 100 years by Sastri's family members.
Venuganam Sri Sarabha Sastrigal Memorial Trust
A trust under the name and style of "Venuganam Sri Sarabha Sastrigal Memorial Trust" has been formed and functioning, organising music, cultural and service-oriented programs, and the trust is managed by leading personalities. Ekadasi Bhajans and Radha Kalyanam are conducted fortnightly, during the month of Margazhi.
Sri Rama Bhajanai Sabha
Sastri lived a very simple life and offered his divine music as worship to Lord Rama. Sri Rama Navami uthsavam was performed by him every year which used to be attended by all the leading musicians of those days. This tradition is continued until today by group of enthusiasts.
Sri Rama Bhajanai Sabha, Kumbakonam founded and nurtured by the famous Venuganam Sri Sarabha Sastrigal about 125 years ago occupies a unique place among various cultural and service organisations. Sri Rama Bhajanai Sabha, Kumbakonam remains committed to its vision of being the premier Sabha that serves the cultural and religious needs of the Hindu society of current and future generations and be the hub of vibrant culture and service-oriented programs. With the grace of lord Sri Rama, the sabha is progressing towards this vision by celebrating Sri Rama Navami Utasavams, Sri Radha Kalyana Mahotsavam every year, Sri Kanchi Kamakoti peetam Maha Periyava Jayanthi, Bhajans on every Ekadasi days, organising lectures on Srimath Valmiki Ramayana, Bhagavadham etc. and offering community services including Annadhanams during festivals.(Ramabhajanaisabha blogspot link in the reference section contains all articles published about Sarabha Sastrigal since 1904)
References
1872 births
1904 deaths
Indian flautists
Venu players
20th-century Indian male classical singers
Indian male classical musicians
Blind musicians
19th-century Indian male classical singers
Langley Hall is a country house in the village of Langley, Cheshire, England. It was built in about 1650, and is described by the authors of the Buildings of England series as "a distinguished house". The house is constructed in coursed rubble with ashlar dressings and is roofed in stone slate. It has two-storeys and an attic. The entrance front is symmetrical with seven bays and a central doorway. Above the doorway is a cartouche containing a carved face. It is inscribed MAC 1696 (for M. Clowes and his wife). The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building. It has been converted into three flats.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Cheshire East.
Listed buildings in Sutton, Cheshire East.
References
Houses completed in 1650
Country houses in Cheshire
Grade II* listed buildings in Cheshire
Grade II* listed houses
1650 establishments in England
Marriage Strike or Matrimonial Strike () is a 1935 German comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Trude Marlen, Paul Richter and Erika von Thellmann. It was remade in 1953.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Erich Kettelhut and Max Mellin.
Cast
References
External links
German comedy films
1935 comedy films
Films directed by Georg Jacoby
Films of Nazi Germany
Films set in Bavaria
UFA GmbH films
German films based on plays
German black-and-white films
1930s German films
Dinosaurs
Anapsids
Newly named anapsids
Plesiosaurs
Newly named plesiosaurs
Pterosaurs
New taxa
Synapsids
Non-mammalian
See also
References
1870s in paleontology
Paleontology
Mary of Woodstock (11 March 1278 – before 8 July 1332) was the seventh named daughter of Edward I of England and Eleanor of Castile. She was a nun at Amesbury Priory, but lived very comfortably thanks to a generous allowance from her parents. Despite a papal travel prohibition in 1303, she travelled widely around the country.
Early life
Mary's grandmother, Eleanor of Provence, had decided to retire to Amesbury Priory in Wiltshire, a daughter house of Fontevrault. She lobbied for Mary and another granddaughter, Eleanor of Brittany, to become Benedictine nuns at the priory. Despite resistance from Eleanor of Castile, Mary was dedicated at Amesbury on Assumption Day 1285, at the age of seven, alongside thirteen daughters of nobles. She was not formally veiled as a nun until December 1291, when she had reached the age of twelve. Eleanor of Brittany had been veiled in March, while Eleanor of Provence did not arrive until June 1286.
Mary's parents granted her £100 per year for life (approximately £ in ); she also received double the usual allowance for clothing and a special entitlement to wine from the stores, and lived in comfort in private quarters. Her father visited her and Eleanor at the priory repeatedly: twice in 1286 and in 1289, and again in 1290 and 1291. Eleanor of Provence died in 1291, and it was expected that Mary would move to Fontevrault. Certainly the prioress of Fontevrault wrote frequently to Edward I'm asking that his daughter be allowed to live there. Probably to prevent his daughter falling into French hands in the event of war with England, Edward refused, and Mary remained at Amesbury, while her allowance was doubled to £200 per year. In 1292, she was also given the right to forty oaks per year from royal forests and twenty tuns of wine per year from Southampton.
Representative of the order
Despite being a resident at the priory, Mary began to travel the country. She visited her brother Edward in 1293, and regularly attended court, spending five weeks there in 1297, in the run-up to her sister Elizabeth's departure to Holland. By the end of the century, she held the post of vicegerent and visitatrix for the abbess, with the right to authorise the transfer of nuns between convents. In 1302, her £200 per year was replaced by the rights to several manors and the borough of Wilton, all held on condition that she remain in England. However, she ran up considerable dice gambling debts while visiting her father's court, and in 1305 was given £200 to pay them off. She was also given Grovebury Priory in Bedfordshire to manage, holding this until her death.
Mary was unsuccessful in obtaining high office in the order, whereas Eleanor of Brittany became abbess at Fontevrault in 1304. The papal bull Periculoso was read at Amesbury in 1303, requiring nuns to remain within their religious establishments, but Mary's travels do not appear to have been affected. She went on numerous pilgrimages, including one to Canterbury, and continued to visit court, with a retinue of up to twenty-four horses, sometimes with fellow nuns. Soon after 1313, her role as visitor was removed. In 1317, Mary's brother Edward, by now King Edward II, asked Eleanor to restore her to the post, but his request was refused. But Mary persevered and obtained a papal mandate requiring her reinstatement, which Eleanor appears to have obeyed.
Later life
Despite her apparent conflict with Eleanor, Mary continued to live comfortably. In 1316, she was able to borrow more than £2 from abbey funds (approximately £ in ), and sent a clerk to London on personal errands, at the priory's expense.
It was effectively as a princess, not a nun, that Mary received the homage of the English Dominican friar Nicholas Trevet, a prolific and versatile university scholar and author, who in 1328–1334 dedicated to her his Cronicles, which she may even have commissioned him to write. Intended as an amusing history of the world, it later became an important source for several popular works of the period. In part it is an account of Mary's own Plantagenet clan, and she herself is given a flattering mention there:
the fourth daughter was dame Mary of whom it ys before sayde that she wedded herself unto the hygh king heaven. And in so moche as hit ys trewly sayde of her and notably this worthy text of holy scripture: optimam partem elegit ipsi Maria, que non auferetur ab ea. The whych ys as moche to say "As Maria hathe chosyn the best party to her, the whych shall not be done away from her".
Trevet here quotes from Jesus' words in the Gospel of Luke (10:42), where Jesus good-humouredly defends Mary to her sister Martha. It is a somewhat daring use of the Gospel text, which was traditionally often applied the Virgin Mary.
Likewise because of Mary's status, several nobles who wished their daughters to take vows placed them into her custody.
Mary died before 8 July 1332, and was buried in Amesbury Priory. After her death, John de Warenne, 7th Earl of Surrey, attempting to divorce Mary's niece Joan, claimed to have had an affair with Mary before he married Joan. If John's claim was valid, his marriage to Mary's niece would have been rendered null and void, but despite papal mandates for inquests to be made into the matter, the truth was never established.
Ancestors
References
1278 births
1332 deaths
13th-century English nuns
14th-century English nuns
Benedictine nuns
English princesses
House of Plantagenet
Daughters of kings
Children of Edward I of England
Burials at Amesbury Abbey
High Lines is an album by American composer and violinist Michael Galasso recorded between 2002 and 2004 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 3½ stars stating "At times, the album resembles a Glass soundtrack, but Galasso is not as predictable as Glass, freely roaming around various world cultures for inspiration, varying his bowing techniques to suit the mood... It's hard to predict how these mostly slight compositions will stand up to repeated listening, but they are beautifully recorded in the best ECM fashion".
Track listing
All compositions by Michael Galasso
"Spheric" - 4:44
"Caravanserai Day" - 1:48
"Never More" - 0:44
"The Other" - 6:10
"Gothic Beach" - 3:15
"Quarantine" - 2:47
"Crossing Colors" - 3:30
"Chaconne" - 3:18
"Boreal" - 2:04
"High Lines" - 1:50
"Caravanserai Night" - 1:16
"Swan Pond" - 2:24
"Iranian Dream" - 2:16
"Fog And After" - 6:09
"Somnambulist" - 2:56
"Gorge Green" - 5:28
Recorded at Rainbow Studio in Oslo, Norway in November 2002 and April 2004
Personnel
Michael Galasso - violin
Terje Rypdal - guitar
Frank Colón - percussion
Marc Marder - double bass
References
2005 albums
Michael Galasso albums
ECM Records albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
His Greatest Bluff (German: Sein größter Bluff) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Henrik Galeen and Harry Piel and starring Piel, Toni Tetzlaff and Lotte Lorring. Its title is sometimes translated as His Biggest Bluff. Today, the film is best known for the early role it offered to Marlene Dietrich who was only cast after great effort by her agents. The film was shot at the Grunewald Studios, located in Western Berlin, during January and February 1927. It premiered on 12 May 1927 at the Alhambra-Palast in Berlin.
Cast
References
Bibliography
Bach, Steven. Marlene Dietrich: Life and Legend. University of Minnesota Press, 2011
Gemünden, Gerd & Desjardins, Mary R. Dietrich Icon. Duke University Press, 2007.
External links
1927 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
1927 comedy films
German comedy films
Films directed by Henrik Galeen
Films directed by Harry Piel
Films produced by Seymour Nebenzal
German black-and-white films
Silent comedy films
Pindus National Park ( Ethnikós Drymós Píndou), also known as Valia Calda (meaning the Warm Valley in Aromanian), is a national park in mainland Greece, situated in an isolated mountainous area at the periphery of West Macedonia and Epirus, in the northeastern part of the Pindus mountain range. It was established in 1966 and covers an area of . The park's core zone, , covers the greatest part of the Valia Calda valley and the slopes of the surrounding peaks.
The national park has an elevation range from and is characterized by dense forests of European black pine and common beech, rocky ridges, several peaks over , rapid streams and mountain lakes. The area belong to the wider Pindus Mountains mixed forests ecoregion and is a representative part of
Pindus mountain range. Moreover, it belongs to the Natura 2000 ecological network of protected areas and is one of the three places in Greece that hosts a population of brown bears.
Geography
The park lies on the borders of Grevena and Ioannina regional unit, north of the town of Metsovo and near the villages of Vovousa, Perivoli and Milea. There are no settlements or any facilities inside the protected area's borders.
Several peaks reach an altitude of over ; these include Avgo, , Kakoplevri, , Flegga, , Tria Sinora, and Aftia, .
The underlying rock formations are mainly serpentine and they support a specialized range of plants.
Climate
The park's climate is montane and varies according to elevation and aspect. Annual rainfall ranges , whereas mean monthly temperatures vary between .
Biology
Flora
The park was created in 1966 and considered one of the most important protected areas for the maintenance of mountainous biodiversity and ecosystem integrity at the national level. Forests of European black pine (Pinus nigra) and common beech (Fagus sylvatica) cover the park's lower and middle altitudes , with several of these trees being more than 700 years old. At higher altitudes , Bosnian pine (Pinus heldreichii) woodland is dominant, while at the greatest heights , only certain types of bushes are found in the treeless alpine meadows. Additionally, the dry places and the lower parts of the valley are characterized by the domination of Buxus sempervirens, while some individuals of Abies borisii-regis are scattered among the Pinus nigra and Fagus sylvatica forests.
In total, 415 types of plants and 86 species of mushroom are recorded in the area. A number of local flower types are considered endemic to the Balkans, such as Dianthus deltoides and Allium breviradum. On the other hand, many endemic plants of central and northern Greece grow also in the park, like the Centaurea vlachorum. Moreover, rare species of the forests of Pindus mountains, typical of the lower geological layers, are Minuartia baldacci, Bornmuellera tymphaea, Campanula hawkinsiana, Viola dukadjinica and Silene pindicola. The most important places for the gathering of rare plants are the northern slopes of the peaks of Aftia, Flegga and Kapetan Kleidi. All the above places are very steep and difficult for grazing animals and therefore natural regeneration of the forest in this area is progressing normally and many rare plants are conserved. The serpentine soil, which is dominant in the area of the Pindus National Park also favors the growing of rare endemic plant species.
Fauna
The national park is one of three areas in Greece that hosts a population of Eurasian brown bears (Ursus arctos arctos), which is considered a conservation priority species.
The region itself is also called "bear park". Other large mammals that live in the park are lynxes, roe deers and wildcats, with the last two being found in the area of Flegga forest. Additionally wolves, beech martens, wild boars and red squirrels are present in the area all year round. On the other hand, the Balkan chamois (Rupicapra rupicapra balcanica), a Balkan endemic species, is found on the steep and rocky
parts of the park, as well as in areas with beech forests. Its population density fluctuates between 3-5 and even 20 individuals per depending on the habitat productivity. The three small rivers crossing the area of the park have very clear water and are the well conserved habitat of the otter.
In the area of the national park up to five types of bat have been reported, with most common being niktovatis (Nyctalys noctula). Moreover, it provides shelter for than 80 species of birds, such as 10 types of rare bird species including the eastern imperial eagle, golden eagle, Levant sparrowhawk and the lanner falcon,
which indicates the ornithological importance of the area. One of the rare birds found in the park is the shore lark (Eremophilla alpestris), found in the alpine meadows, and the great grey shrike (Lanius excubitor), which migrates in the summer from Africa. The dense and mature forests of the area host eight types of woodpecker, including the white-backed, the middle spotted, the lesser spotted and the black woodpecker.
Management
Since 2003, the park is under the administrative authority of the 'Northern Pindus Management Body'. This authority is responsible for the ecological management of a much larger region that includes eight protected areas in Greece, also part of the Natura 2000, an initiative by the governments of the European Union that aims to protect the most seriously threatened habitats and species across Europe. The 'Northern Pindus Management Body', together with the local forest service, is responsible for regulating human activities and maintaining the ecological value of the protected area. However, until now this target remains elusive, because of a lack of expertise and of a science-based management plan. A great need therefore exists to conduct conservation-oriented research that can be translated directly into practical management proposals.
The core of the national park has been declared a 'biogenetic reserve' zone by the European Council with human activities such as woodcutting, grazing, hunting, fishing and access by car prohibited. In the park's buffer zone activities are also controlled in general. The most serious danger the park faced in the past were extensive fires caused by cattle breeders to create meadows for grazing. These fires have destroyed large parts of the Pinus nigra and P. heldreichii forests. However, since 1960, no fire has occurred due to improved protection measures by opening up many forest roads. Furthermore, an observation post was established near Avgo peak. A potential threat for the national park is a state initiative to divert the Arkoudorema river for the construction of a hydroelectric power plant. This initiative will have a negative impact on the park since a great part of the existing forest area will be covered by water, resulting in the reduction of the core zone. Another danger is the high grazing pressure in the core area, while a number of small coal-producing units at the outskirts of the park have raised a lot of concern.
Recreation
Pindus National Park is considered as one of the least visited and least known national parks in Europe and it is not signposted from the main roads of the region. The area offers opportunities for hiking with its dirt roads being in good condition except in winter. The park can be best accessed from north, from the village of Perivoli, while there is also a track from the west side, near Milia. A climbing resort lies near Mavrovouni peak, at a height of , which is an ideal base for excursions to the park's area. According to the local legislation, the collection of any kind of organism is not allowed, while camping and staying in the park's core after the setting of the sun is prohibited. Additional restrictions include the lighting of fires, while activities such as kayaking and rafting need a special clearance from the local forestry.
References
Sources
External links
Greek Mountain Flora
High-resolution pictures from Pindus National Park (Valia Calda).
National parks of Greece
Protected areas established in 1966
Grevena (regional unit)
Geography of Ioannina (regional unit)
Tourist attractions in Ioannina (regional unit)
Tourist attractions in Western Macedonia
Geography of Western Macedonia
Pindus
Natura 2000 in Greece
John O'Sullivan, CBE (born 25 April 1942) is a British conservative political commentator and journalist. From 1987 to 1988, he was a senior policy writer and speechwriter in 10 Downing Street for Margaret Thatcher when she was British prime minister and remained close to her up to her death.
O'Sullivan served from 2008–2012 as vice-president and executive editor of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty. He was editor of the Australian monthly magazine Quadrant from 2015 to 2017.
Since 2017, he has been president of the Danube Institute, a Fidesz government-financed think tank based in Budapest, Hungary, and also a member of the board of advisors for the , an NGO that works behind the scenes in crisis areas around the world.
A former editor of National Review in the years 1988-1997, O'Sullivan has been an editor-at-large there since then.
Early life
Born in Liverpool, O'Sullivan was educated at St Mary's College, Crosby, and received his higher education at the University of London. He stood unsuccessfully as a Conservative candidate for the constituency of Gateshead West in the 1970 British general election.
In 2014 he moved to Budapest, to set up the Danube Institute. He is the Director of 21st Century Initiatives and Senior Fellow at the National Review Institute in Washington, D.C..
Journalism career
O'Sullivan is a former editor (1988–1997) and current editor-at-large of the opinion magazine National Review and a former senior fellow at the Hudson Institute. He had previously been the editor-in-chief of United Press International, editor-in-chief of the international affairs magazine, The National Interest, and a special adviser to British prime minister Margaret Thatcher. He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1991 New Year's Honours List.
In 1998 O'Sullivan was a leading member of the journalistic team that founded the National Post, a right-leaning national newspaper in Canada.
O'Sullivan is the founder and co-chairman of the New Atlantic Initiative, an international organisation dedicated to reinvigorating and expanding the Atlantic community of democracies. The organisation was created at the Congress of Prague in May 1996 by Václav Havel and Margaret Thatcher.
In 2013, O'Sullivan became first the director and then president of the Danube Institute, a Budapest-based think tank, for which he is paid an annual salary of 150,000 Euros, indirectly financed by the Hungarian government. The Danube Institute exists to provide an centre of intellectual debate for conservatives and classical liberals and their democratic opponents in Central Europe. Based in Budapest and Washington, D. C., it seeks to engage with centre-right institutions, scholars, political parties and individuals of achievement across the region to discuss problems of mutual interest.
Concurrently, in February 2015 O'Sullivan also became the editor of the Australian monthly magazine Quadrant. Beginning in January 2017 he will step down as editor and become the international editor.
O'Sullivan has published articles in Encounter, Commentary, The New York Times, The Washington Post, Policy Review, The Times Literary Supplement, The American Spectator, The Spectator, The American Conservative, Quadrant, The Hibernian, the Hungarian Review and other journals, and is the author of The President, the Pope, and the Prime Minister (Washington, D.C.: Regnery, 2006).
Philosopher Roger Scruton praises O'Sullivan's book, which "forcefully" argues "that the simultaneous presence in the highest offices of Reagan, Thatcher and Pope John Paul II was the cause of the Soviet collapse. And my own experience confirms this."
He also lectures on British and American politics and is the Bruges Group's representative in Washington DC.
Views
O'Sullivan's first law
He is known for O'Sullivan's first law, or O'Sullivan's law, stating: "All organizations that are not actually right-wing will over time become left-wing."
Multiculturalism
In an article, O'Sullivan wrote: "After all, radical Islamists have three advantages on their side: demography (the populations of Islamic nations are increasing while the West suffers a 'birth dearth'); rapidly growing Islamic diasporas in the West, fueled by illegal immigration; and official Western policies of multiculturalism (which not only encourage immigrants to retain their original cultural identity but even promote the 'de-assimilation' of previously assimilated minorities in the West)...the decline of Christian belief and social influence; and the habit of respecting other cultures as unities while treating the West as a kind of multi-cultural supermarket in which Western civilization is merely one rather dusty shelf. To these trends politicians add appeasement, both diplomatic (of neighboring North Africa) and electoral (of local Muslim constituencies)".
On July 18, 2005, O'Sullivan wrote an article titled, "The Islamic Republic of Holland. How One Nation Deals with a Revolutionary Problem".
In a 2017 review, O'Sullivan says "The new policy [encouraging migration] accelerated the transformation of Britain into a multicultural society with racial and religious tensions; terrorist murders, bombings, and beheadings; physical attacks on gays in East London; the extraordinary epidemic of the rape and sexual grooming of underage girls...hostile demonstrations against British soldiers returning from Afghanistan; an estimated (by the British Medical Association) 74,000 cases of female genital mutilation by 2006; the occasional honor killing; and excellent restaurants".
Private life
O'Sullivan currently resides in Budapest with his wife Melissa.
Bibliography
Books
Essays and reporting
"Cultural Revolutions Then and Now", Hungarian Review, Vol. 11, No. 4, 13 July 2020.
"Foreword: Making Democracy Irrelevant", in: Mark Sidwell, The Long March: How the Left Won the Culture War and What to Do About It, London: New Culture Forum, 2020.
References
External links
1942 births
English columnists
English political commentators
Living people
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of the University of London
People educated at St Mary's College, Crosby
Speechwriters
English male non-fiction writers
Quadrant (magazine) people
British social commentators
Hudson Institute
Conservative Party (UK) people
Politicians from Liverpool
Conservatism in the United Kingdom
Bring Me Love may refer to:
"Bring Me Love", a 1955 song by Brook Benton
"Bring Me Love", a 1956 song by The Clovers
"Bring Me Love", a 2006 song by Copyright featuring Imaani
"Bring Me Love", a 2007 song by Marié Digby
"Bring Me Love", a 2014 song by Tina Arena from her Reset album
"Bring Me Love", a 2018 song by John Legend from his A Legendary Christmas album
"Bring Me Love", a remix by Frankie Knuckles of the Andrea Mendez song
Novak Djokovic defeated Milos Raonic in the final, 1–6, 6–3, 6–4 to win the men's singles tennis title at the 2020 Cincinnati Masters. With the win, he claimed his record-equaling 35th Masters 1000 title (tying Rafael Nadal's tally), and completed the double career Golden Masters. Djokovic became the first new singles titlist on the ATP Tour since its suspension due to the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020.
Daniil Medvedev was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Roberto Bautista Agut.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this edition of the tournament was held at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center shortly before the 2020 US Open to minimize travel risks.
Seeds
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Qualifying draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
Eighth qualifier
Ninth qualifier
Tenth qualifier
Eleventh qualifier
Twelfth qualifier
References
Main draw
Qualifying draw
Men's Singles
The Stone Merchant () is a 2006 Italian thriller-drama film produced, written and directed by Renzo Martinelli and starring Harvey Keitel. It is based on the novel Ricordati di dimenticarla by Corrado Calabrò.
Plot
Ludovico Vicedomini is a charming and charismatic dealer who sells precious stones in Europe and the Middle East. But behind his pleasant appearance, he hides a big secret. Along with his business partner Shahid, he plans a terrorist attack on a large scale.
With the conspiracy almost ready, Ludovico meets Alceo and beautiful Leda, a married couple who enjoy holidays in Turkey. They do not suspect they are participating in a mysterious and deadly game with Ludovico and his partner.
However, fate takes hold of Ludovico, who becomes infatuated with Leda. She, receiving a precious ring from the merchant, must now choose between her husband and the mysterious man who fell in love with her.
Cast
Harvey Keitel as Ludovico Vicedomini
Jane March as Leda
Jordi Mollà as Alceo
F. Murray Abraham as Shahid
Bruno Bilotta as Libero
Lucilla Agosti as Lidia
Federica Martinelli as Rita
Jonis Bashir as The Somali Terrorist
References
External links
2006 thriller drama films
2006 films
Italian thriller drama films
Films directed by Renzo Martinelli
Films about terrorism
2000s Italian-language films
2000s Italian films
For the former U.S. Army training camp in Texas, see Fort Travis
Camp Travis is an unincorporated community in Clay County, Illinois, United States. Camp Travis is southeast of Clay City.
References
Unincorporated communities in Clay County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Olga Nikolayevna Chyumina (, 7 January 1865, Novgorod, Russian Empire, - 8 September 1909, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire) was a Russian poet, novelist, playwright and translator.
Having debuted as a published author in 1882, she contributed regularly to Vestnik Evropy, Russkaya Mysl, Severny Vestnik, Russkoye Bogatstvo. Her popular books of poetry included Poems (1897), New Poems (1905) and Autumn Whirlwinds (Осенние вихри, 1908). During the 1905 Revolution, she wrote the satirical, anti-Tsarist 'feuilletons in verse' (using the pen names Cat the Fighter and Optimist) which were collected in the books In Waiting (В ожидании, 1905) and The Days of Freedom (На темы дней свободы, 1906).
Chyumina authored two novels in the genre of psychological drama, For Life and for Death (На жизнь и на смерть, 1895) and For the Sins of Fathers (За грехи отцов, 1896), as well as about twenty plays. Some of them, like Redemption (Искупление), In Dragnets (В сетях), The Dream (Мечта) and Extinguished Spark (Угасшая искра) have been produced by the Alexandrinka. Her collection Dramas and Translations came out in Moscow in 1904.
Among the poets and dramatists whose work she translated into Russian, were Jose-Maria de Heredia, Sully Prudhomme, Leconte de Lisle, Robert Hamerling, Alfred Tennyson and Elizabeth Barrett Browning, as well as William Shakespeare and Friedrich Schiller.
Notes
References
Poets of the Russian Empire
Translators of the Russian Empire
People from Veliky Novgorod
1865 births
1909 deaths
19th-century translators from the Russian Empire
Ban Lat (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the central part of Phetchaburi province, western Thailand.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Khao Yoi, Mueang Phetchaburi, Tha Yang, Kaeng Krachan, and Nong Ya Plong of Phetchaburi Province.
History
Originally named Tha Chang (ท่าช้าง), it was renamed Ban Lat in 1939.
Economy
The production of palm sugar (; ) is a specialty of the district.
Administration
The district is divided into 18 sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 115 villages (mubans). Ban Lat is a sub-district municipality (thesaban tambon) and covers tambon Ban Lat. There are a further 14 tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Ban Lat
Kasaragod (Casrod) Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 20 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Kerala state in southern India.
Assembly segments
Kasaragod Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament
Election results
General Election 2019
General Election 2014
General Election 2009
See also
Kasaragod district
Kannur district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
2019 Indian general election in Kerala
References
External links
Election Commission of India: http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp]
2019 Kasaragod Lok Sabha Constituency Election Results and Candidates List
Kasaragod Lok Sabha Elections Asianet News survey results 2019
Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala
Politics of Kasaragod district
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Sayō, Sayō District, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Mikazuki Station is served by the Kishin Line, and is located 36.6 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of two opposed unnumbered side platforms connected to the station building by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Mikazuki Station opened on March 24, 1934. With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987, the station came under the aegis of the West Japan Railway Company.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 125 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Sayo Town Hall Mikazuki Branch (former Mikazuki Town Hall)
Mikazuki Jin'ya
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Station Official Site
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
Kishin Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1934
Sayō, Hyōgo
Stewart Charles Hamilton Douglas-Mann (born 6 February 1938 in Sussex, England), an alumnus of St Edmund Hall, Oxford, is a former British rower.
Rowing career
Douglas-Mann competed as the bow in the 1959 Boat Races for Oxford which they won.
Representing England, Douglas-Mann won a silver medal in the men's coxless pair in the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.
References
Living people
1938 births
Oxford University Boat Club rowers
British male rowers
Rowers at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in rowing
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
The El Salvador national beach soccer team represents El Salvador in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the FESFUT, the governing body for football in El Salvador.
Compared to their national association football team counterparts, they are considerable force in the sport both continently and internationally.
History
The team's first qualification attempt for the Beach Soccer World Cup came in 2007, when they joined Mexico, Costa Rica and the United States in the CONCACAF Beach Soccer Championship. They failed to win a game and ultimately finished last.
In April 2008, the team again participated in the CONCACAF Beach Soccer Championship. Although they lost their opening game 4–2 to Mexico, they went on to defeat raining CONCACAF and CONMEBOL champions, the United States (5–6) and Costa Rica (3–4), to finish second in the group; this allowed them to qualify for, along with Mexico, the 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup which was held in France. Adding to the group's achievements, two of its players also picked up individual awards, with Luis Rodas being named Goalkeeper of the Tournament, and José Ruiz winning the Golden Boot for scoring the most goals (six in total).
In June 2009, the team took part at the 2009 CONCACAF Beach Soccer Championship. The team reached the final after defeating the United States in the semi-final round. They faced Costa Rica in the final who had defeated reigning champions Mexico in the other semi-final match. El Salvador, contesting their second final, defeated Costa Rica 6–3. Individual awards were given to José Portillo, who was named Goalkeeper of the Tournament, and José Ruiz, who won the Golden Boot a second time, shooting eight goals out of four matches.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Assistant Manager: Ramón Arturo Muñoz
Physical Coordinator: Elmer Edgardo Guidos
Medical Trainer: Francisco Amaya Cruz
Goalkeeper Trainer: Raúl Antonio García
Utilizer: Alex Geovanny Galdámez
Managerial history
Rudis González Gallo (????–)
Players
Current squad
The following players and staff members were called up for the 2021 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
Head coach: Rudis Mauricio Gonzalez
Assistant coach: Elias Alexander Ramirez
Goalkeeping coach: Jose Alberto Lovato
Competitive record
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup
References
External links
El Salvador at FIFA
El Salvador at BSWW
El Salvador at Beach Soccer Russia
North American national beach soccer teams
Beach soccer
The men's long jump at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 1 and 2 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
2 September
Qualification
1 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 21 athletes from 13 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
References
Long jump
Long jump at the European Athletics Championships
Wilson's long-fingered bat (Miniopterus wilsoni) is a species of bat described in 2020 from Gorongosa National Park in Mozambique. The name M. wilsoni refers to American evolutionary biologist Edward O. Wilson.
The species inhabits the mountains of central and northern Mozambique and southern Malawi.
References
Bibliography
Fauna of Malawi
Fauna of Mozambique
Mammals described in 2020
Miniopteridae
The Watchmaker of Everton is a novel by the Belgian writer Georges Simenon. The original French version L'horloger d'Everton appeared in 1954. This novel and Red Lights, both translated by Norman Denny, were published together in 1955 by Hamish Hamilton as Danger Ahead.
The novel is among his romans durs, a term roughly translated as hard, or harrowing, novels; it was used by Simenon for what he regarded as his serious literary works.
The novel is set in a village in the State of New York. Simenon lived in America from 1945 to 1955.
Summary
The story is seen from the viewpoint of David Galloway, a watchmaker who lives with his sixteen-year-old son Ben in a village in New York state. His routine is broken when Ben does not come home one evening; his suitcase has gone and he has taken Galloway's van.
The ensuing events are punctuated with Galloway's recollections of his past life: when his wife Ruth left him, leaving him with baby Ben, and finding fragments of torn-up farewell messages that Ruth had abandoned; his own early childhood in Virginia before the death of his father, a farmer there; meeting Ruth in Waterbury and deciding to marry her, although she said "You aren't the sort of man to live with a woman like me".
He learns from his neighbour Isabel Hawkins that Ben and her daughter Lillian have gone together. The police arrive, but Galloway does not find out what has happened until he is at Hortonville police station: his van has been abandoned, and Ben and Lillian are now travelling in a car whose driver Ben has shot dead.
Back home, Galloway is visited by journalists and photographers; a journalist with a tape-recorder visits and Galloway records a message for his son, to be played on the radio, in which he says "It's better for you to give yourself up... I shall always be on your side...." An FBI man, looking through Ben's belongings, takes away an almanac which has crosses against Illinois and Mississippi, states having low minimum ages for the granting of marriage licences.
He hears on the radio that Ben and Lillian have been arrested in Indiana and have been taken to Indianapolis. He travels there by plane. In the Federal Building he learns that Ben has refused to see him, and is being taken to Liberty, the capital of the county in New York State where the murder was committed. He is told that Ben and Lillian, while held in the building, were "gazing ecstatically into each other's eyes. Anyone not knowing the facts... would have taken them for the happiest pair on earth." In Liberty he hires a lawyer; after seeing Ben, the lawyer tells Galloway he hoped he could deny premeditation, but Ben said he had made plans weeks ahead. The lawyer angrily says to Galloway that "you've lived sixteen years with a boy like him without noticing anything".
There is a trial before a grand jury; they decide that Ben and Lillian are to be sent before the County High Court. There they are convicted of murder, the death sentence commuted to imprisonment for life. Galloway returns to his former routine, except that he regularly visits Ben in Sing Sing prison.
Film adaptation
The 1974 film L'horloger de Saint-Paul (English titles The Watchmaker of St Paul, The Clockmaker) was based on the novel; it was the first feature film of the French director Bertrand Tavernier. The modified story is set in his home city of Lyon, and features Philippe Noiret as the watchmaker.
References
1954 novels
Novels by Georges Simenon
Novels set in New York (state)
Belgian novels adapted into films
Deutscher Kriegerbund () was a war veterans' and reservists' association in Germany established in April 1873 in Weißenfels.
Its origins lie in a Warrior Association established in 1786 by fusiliers of Frederick II of Prussia's army in Wangerin/Pomerania. The original purpose of the war veterans' associations was to provide their members and former soldiers with proper burial arrangements. Former soldiers felt the need of commemorative tombs that would preserve the dignity of their former comrades-in-arms and honor them even after their death. This type of association received a considerable boost after Prussia's victorious battles against the Danish (1864), Austrian (1866) and French armies in 1871.
A number of these veterans' associations established the Deutscher Kriegerbund by joining efforts for a common cause in 1873. In April 1897, the Deutscher Kriegerbund became the Prussian Country's Warrior League (). Its former name Deutscher Kriegerbund was kept for certain economic and social dealings. In this form, it was a forerunner of later German military social welfare provisions like the National Socialist War Victim's Care. Since it was initially dominated by groups of soldiers of the former Prussian army, local veterans' associations of Bavaria, Saxony, Württemberg, Hessen and Baden preferred to remain out of its circle. The Deutscher Kriegerbund began the efforts to build a memorial that would honor and represent the German warriors in 1888.
This monument, located on top of the 473 m high Kyffhäuser mountain, was finally inaugurated on 16 June 1896. The building of the memorial pleased and inspired the other German war veterans' associations who had been reluctant to join the Deutscher Kriegerbund. As a result of this change of attitude, the steps to form a wider organization were taken in 1900 and the Kyffhäuserbund was formed. This inclusive organization integrated the formerly scattered German war veterans' associations, which had been one of the main aims of the Deutscher Kriegerbund.
Related organizations
Bayerischer Soldatenbund 1874
Kyffhäuserbund
See also
List of veterans organizations
National Socialist War Victim's Care
Notes and references
Kyffhäuserbund e.V.
Kyffhäuser-Bund der Deutschen Landeskriegerverbände e.V. (Historisches Lexikon Bayerns).
Dieter Fricke et al.: Kyffhäuser-Bund der Deutschen Landeskriegerverbände (KB) 1900-1943. In: Dieter Fricke (Hrsg.): Die bürgerlichen Parteien in Deutschland. Berlin 1968, S.296–312.
Karl Saul: Der "Deutsche Kriegerbund". Zur innenpolitischen Funktion eines nationalen Verbandes im kaiserlichen Deutschland. In: Militärgeschichtliche Mitteilungen (MGM). 2/1969. S.95–159.
Karl Führer: Der "Deutsche Reichskriegerbund Kyffhäuser" 1930-1934. Politik, Ideologie und Funktion eines "unpolitischen" Verbandes. In: Militärgeschichtliche Mitteilungen (MGM). 2/1984. S.57–76.
Heinz Kleene Das Kriegervereinswesen im Emsland zur Zeit des Kaiserreiches In: Jahrbuch des Emsländ. Heimatbundes Sögel 2005. S.137–159.
German veterans' organisations
Military of Prussia
Non-profit organisations based in Saxony-Anhalt
Organizations established in 1873
Organizations disestablished in 1900
1873 establishments in Germany
1900 disestablishments in Germany
Yellowfang's Secret is a children's fantasy novel written by Cherith Baldry under the pseudonym Erin Hunter. It is the fifth "Super Edition" in the Warriors novel series. Yellowfang's Secret was first released in hardcover on 9 October 2012.
Yellowfang's Secret follows Yellowfang, the ThunderClan medicine cat, during her early life in ShadowClan. Yellowfang trains as a warrior apprentice, but realizes that she is better suited as a medicine cat, and begins to train as one. The book takes place chronologically at around the same time as the other Super Editions Bluestar's Prophecy and Crookedstar's Promise.
Plot
From a young age, Yellowfang physically experiences others' pain as if it were her own. Sagewhisker, the ShadowClan medicine cat, convinces Yellowfang that this ability would make her effective as a medicine cat if she could learn to control the power. Sagewhisker thus takes Yellowfang on as an apprentice, and Yellowfang takes the medicine cats' vows, including the forsaking of taking a mate. Despite this, she has a relationship with ShadowClan warrior Raggedpelt in secret, and Yellowfang ultimately becomes pregnant with his kits. Yellowfang gives birth in secret, but only one kit, Brokenkit, survives. Yellowfang gives Brokenkit up to another she-cat in the Clan, withholding her identity as the mother. Brokenkit grows up spoiled and mistreated: his father, who is in a position of power, indulges him and refuses to punish him. His adoptive mother shuns him and his adoptive littermates bully him. As a result, he grows into a vicious cat without learning empathy or kindness. While he is growing up, Raggedtail becomes a leader, being renamed Raggedstar. Brokentail receives his warrior name, and becomes ShadowClan's deputy (second-in-command and future leader). Brokentail trains his apprentices with extreme methods, which go unchecked as his father refuses to see the wrong in his son's actions. Brokentail eventually murders Raggedstar to gain control of the Clan, while blaming the death on neighboring WindClan.
Having taken over ShadowClan, Brokenstar institutes a vicious regime, bullying his way to eventual near-totalitarian power. Using his father's death as an excuse, he launches many attacks on WindClan, many of which Yellowfang considers unnecessary. Brokenstar, however, rejects all criticism, continuing the attacks and eventually implementing extreme tactics to sustain his war efforts: he begins training kits before they are six months old (the age laid down in the warrior code as when apprenticeship may begin), and asks the Clan's elders, who cannot contribute to the fighting forces, to leave camp in order to save resources. He additionally orders that all cats must hunt for themselves, and that battle training is to take priority. After many kits die in battle, Yellowfang finally speaks out, leading Brokenstar to falsely accuse Yellowfang of the deaths of two kits, allowing him to exile her from the Clan.
Homeless, Yellowfang enters nearby ThunderClan's territory, where she is apprehended and taken prisoner by Firepaw (a scene initially depicted in Into the Wild from Firepaw's perspective). The manga chapter at the end of the book details Yellowfang, who has become the medicine cat of ThunderClan, feeding the now blind and captive Brokentail (who has been stripped of his -star suffix due to his crimes) deathberries, and revealing that she is his mother.
Critical reception
Barnes and Noble described the series as continuing "in high style".
Publication history
Yellowfang's Secret was published by HarperCollins in hardcover and e-book format on 9 October 2012. The paperback edition was published on 8 April 2014. The novel has also been translated into German and Finnish. Yellowfang's Secret has also been translated into Chinese and French. The Russian translation was released in two volumes.
References
2012 American novels
2012 children's books
American fantasy novels
Warriors (novel series)
Novels about cats
HarperCollins books
ru:Пророчество Синей Звезды
zh:藍星的預言
Elisha Harris (September 8, 1791 – February 1, 1861) of Coventry, Kent County, Rhode Island, was Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island, 1846–47 serving under Governor Byron Diman and the 20th Governor of Rhode Island 1847–49.
Biography
Harris was born in Cranston, Providence County, Rhode Island. He attended the local schools and the East Greenwich Seminary. He then embarked on a business career, working initially as a bookkeeper. He eventually became an owner several manufacturing companies, banks and other enterprises, including serving as President of the Bank of North America in Providence, and operating the Harris Mill in the Harris.
Active in politics as a Whig, Harris served several terms in the Rhode Island House of Representatives. He served as lieutenant governor from 1846 until 1847. In 1847 he became governor, and he served one term, 1847 to 1849. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1848, and for election as governor in 1850. Harris became a Republican when the party was founded in the mid-1850s, and he was a presidential elector in 1860.
Harris died in Coventry and was buried at Greenwood Cemetery in Coventry.
Henry Howard, who also served as governor, was married to Harris's daughter Catherine.
References
External links
Elisha Harris at National Governors Association
|-
1791 births
1861 deaths
Governors of Rhode Island
Lieutenant Governors of Rhode Island
People from Coventry, Rhode Island
Politicians from Cranston, Rhode Island
Rhode Island Whigs
Rhode Island Republicans
Burials in Rhode Island
Whig Party state governors of the United States
19th-century American politicians
Kannur Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 20 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Kerala state in southern India.
Assembly Segments
Kannur Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament
As Kannur in Malabar District
As Thalassery
As Kannur
Election results
General Election 2019
General Election 2014
See also
Kannur district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
2019 Indian general election in Kerala
References
External links
Election Commission of India: https://web.archive.org/web/20081218010942/http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp
2019 Kannur Lok Sabha Constituency Election Results and Candidates List
Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala
Politics of Kannur district
Divan Venter is a South African rugby union player for the in the Currie Cup. His regular position is flanker.
Venter was named in the side for their Round 7 match of the 2020–21 Currie Cup Premier Division against the . He made his debut in the same fixture, coming on as a replacement flanker.
References
South African rugby union players
Living people
Rugby union flankers
Blue Bulls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Martha Elba Guadalupe Higareda Cervantes () (born August 24, 1983) is a Mexican actress, producer and screenwriter.
Life and career
Higareda was born in Villahermosa, Tabasco, Mexico, the daughter of actress Martha Cervantes and artist and therapist Jose Luis Higareda, and sister of actress Miriam Higareda. She began acting on the stage at a very early age, along with dancing jazz, flamenco, tap and folklore. At 14, she moved to Mexico City from her native Tabasco to pursue an acting career. Her debut was in theater participating in various plays, including "Little Women" and "Don Juan."
Being an advanced student, she entered College several years early at the age of 15; studying Communications at El Tecnologico de Monterrey. She would attend college in the mornings while going to acting school in the evenings and performing in theater on the weekends. A year later her mother and sister moved to Mexico City and attended acting school with her. She had her first TV debut as an anchor hostess in Disney Channel's Zapping Zone.
Alfonso Cuaron came to Mexico City auditioning for Y Tu Mamá También, Martha got the part of Cecilia Huerta, Gael Garcia's girlfriend in the film, but being underage and due to the full on nudity in the movie she was not able to do the role. Cuaron encouraged her to keep pursuing her acting career. Soon after, she changed her major from Communications to the Performing Arts. In 2002, Higareda had her first leading role in the movie Amarte Duele, directed by Fernando Sariñana, in which she shares credits with Luis Fernando Peña and Alfonso Herrera.
The movie quickly became a box office hit and launched Martha's career giving her the nickname "The Mexican Sweetheart". She received The Silver Goddess award for her performance as female lead and the MTV movies favorite actress award.
In 2003, she was offered the lead in a Mexican TV show Enamórate on TV Azteca, next to Yahir, where she also shared credits with María Inés Guerra, Martha Cristiana, Fernando Sarfati, and Amara Villafuerte. But Higareda's passion was in making movies. Higareda returned with the movie Siete Días next to Jaime Camil, in which she played a girl whose dream is to make U2 come to the city of Monterrey in less than a week.
She worked with Carlos Carrera (El crimen del Padre Amaro) in Sexo, amor y otras perversiones winning another Silver Goddess Award. And that same year she was nominated as best supporting actress for the Mexican Academy Awards for her role in Fuera del Cielo, In 2007, she came with her latest production Niñas Mal, directed by Fernando Sariñana where she shared credits with Camila Sodi and Ximena Sariñana. The movie produced by Columbia Pictures was a huge success in which Higareda portrayed punk stubborn yet sweet Adela, her unusual haircut and fashion statement quickly became a trend in Mexican teenagers.
She booked her first American movie in 2007 Borderland where she shared credits with Brian Presley and Beto Cuevas produced by Lionsgate. The movie was screening in the American Film Market when an Agent approached her, he introduced Martha to Craig Shapiro, whom to this day represents Higareda at ICM Partners. Shapiro convinced Martha to move to LA. In 2008, she moved to Hollywood to audition and study script writing and that same year, she worked in David Ayer's film Street Kings, sharing credits with Keanu Reeves, Hugh Laurie, and Forest Whitaker.
She went back to her country with three finished scripts and at the age of 25 she wrote and produced her first independent film, Te presento a Laura. The movie was in the top ten films in box-office for 10 consecutive weeks. She shot the prequel to the crime/action film Smokin' Aces, Smokin' Aces 2: Assassins' Ball, as a deadly female assassin with poisonous lips. In 2012, she appeared in Hello Herman with Norman Reedus as an American reporter.
In Lies in Plain Sight she played the lead role, as a visually impaired woman trying to solve the murder of her sister. For this performance she won an Imagen Awards.
In 2014, she also wrote, produced and starred in "Casese Quien Pueda" (Marry me if you can) directed by Marco Polo Constandse and produced by Martha and Miri Higareda and Alejandra Cardenas. The movie quickly became the second biggest box office record of its time. This caught the attention of the American Studios. "I wanted not only to be in movies, but to know the guts of the industry. Making movies it's all a team effort, so if you surround yourself with the best people you learn from them and then if you can also give an opportunity to those whom you believe in their talent, magical things happen"
She won the Mayahuel Award at the Guadalajara International Film Festival for the movie Mariachi Gringo, and that same year she played Amparo in the miniseries Carlos. She worked in the Disney movie McFarland, USA with director Nikki Caro.
In 2016, she produced and starred in No manches Frida, with Edward Allen and Mauricio Arguelles. From Pantelion, Lionsgate, Videocine and Constantin Film, No Manches Frida was another box office hit, where Higareda plays shy yet passionate Miss Lucy who falls in love with a criminal (Omar Chaparro). Martha pitched Chaparro for the role. Made for $2.5 million, the film made 23 million dollars in the box office.
Higareda produced with Miguel Mier, Jimena Rodriguez, Bernardo Rugama the box office success and Mexican adaptation of 3 idiots, a story about following your true passion. This subject has always interested Higareda as she has toured around her country giving inspirational yet grounding talks to teenagers.
In 2018, Higareda starred in Netflix's Altered Carbon, a hard-boiled tech noir television series based on the book by Richard K. Morgan, as detective Kristin Ortega.
She also stars in Queen of The South as Castel, niece to a Colombian cartel leader Reynaldo Fieto.
In 2019, she played the lead role of Marisol in Hulu's American horror anthology television series, Into the Dark, episode "Culture Shock".
Filmography
Film roles
Television roles
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Mexican telenovela actresses
Mexican film actresses
Mexican stage actresses
Actresses from Tabasco
Mexican women film producers
Mexican women writers
Mexican women screenwriters
21st-century Mexican actresses
People from Villahermosa
Naturalized citizens of the United States
Victoria Upper Lake () is a meltwater lake at the terminus of Victoria Upper Glacier in Victoria Land. It was named for its position at the terminus of the glacier by American geologist Parker E. Calkin, in 1964.
Lakes of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Mary Jane Kelly is an Australian hardcore band out of Wollongong New South Wales that formed in 2005. The band shares its name with the last known victim of Jack The Ripper. Mary Jane Kelly have released 2 EP's the first was released in 2007 entitled Marionettes. Their second entitled Our Streets Turn White was released on 11 October 2008 through Trial and Error Records.
Mary Jane Kelly's debut album was released on 12 March 2010 entitled Like There's No Tomorrow
Marionettes & Our Streets Turn White (2007–2010)
Mary Jane Kelly released their debut demo in 2007 to a positive reception. They signed a deal with Trial and Error Records. The EP entitled Our Streets Turn White was released on 11 October 2008 through Trial and Error Records to positive reviews. They were chosen as a Triple J Unearthed Next Crop featured artist in late 2008 alongside The Amity Affliction and other Australian bands. During this time they supported Bring Me The Horizon, I Killed the Prom Queen, A Wilhelm Scream, The Ghost Inside, Parkway Drive The Abandonment and various other local and international acts around Australia. Before the release of their debut album in 2010 Sam Kost left the band due to work commitments. Brendan Dive of the Sydney punk/hardcore band Rex Banner was recruited as the new bass player.
Like There's No Tomorrow (2010–2012)
Mary Jane Kelly recorded their debut album in a friends garage. They released their debut album "Like There's No Tomorrow" through Trial & Error Records on 12 March 2010.
In 2010 Mary Jane Kelly where chosen as a support for the annual Australian "Boy's Of Summer Tour" sponsored by Macbeth. Mary Jane Kelly toured Australia with Every Time I Die as well as fellow Australian supports 50 Lions and House Vs. Hurricane. Originally American heavy metal band Trap Them were set to play, though unforeseen circumstances arose and they were unable to perform. House Vs. Hurricane were then asked to take their place.
In preparation for their debut album's release Mary Jane Kelly became supports for the upcoming "Perspectives Tour" led by House Vs. Hurricane. Other supports for the "Perspectives Tour" included Antagonist A.D. and Skyway.
(2013–present)
As of late 2013 Mary Jane Kelly started playing live again. As of 2014 they are currently doing pre-production for their next full-length LP to be released in 2014 (date to be confirmed). They are also remixing and remastering their debut release for a 2014 re-release. In the meantime they are offering free downloads of their previous releases, as well as some remixed and remastered songs from 'Like There's No Tomorrow' through their band camp page: Mary Jane Kelly at Band Camp
Discography
Studio Albums
Like There's No Tomorrow (2010, Trial and Error Records)
TBA(album) (2014)
EPs
Marionettes (2007)
Our Streets Turn White (2008, Trial and Error Records)
References
Australian hardcore punk groups
Changsha Road () is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3, which opened on December 16, 2015.
References
Qingdao Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
LEEP Online Education is a distance learning program offered by the UIUC iSchool (formerly GSLIS [Graduate School of Library and Information Science]) at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
The LEEP program provides students who are not able to relocate to the Urbana-Champaign area a means to attend the university's ALA-accredited Master of Library and Information Science, Master of Information Science or Certificate of Advanced Study (CAS) program. The program, and the iSchool overall, is ranked #1 by U.S. News & World Report.
History
The acronym LEEP originally stood for Library Education Experimental Program. Founded in 1995, the program is no longer considered experimental.
Coursework
LEEP differentiates itself from other distance learning library and information science (LIS) programs through the integration of brief periods of on-campus participation, Internet instruction through synchronous sessions, and independent learning. Off-campus students attend classes via the school's Moodle Virtual Learning Environment (VIS) and the Blackboard Collaborate platform. With the 21st LEEP cohort, beginning in the summer/fall of 2016, the on-campus participation was condensed to a weekend program (as opposed to a week+).
References
External links
LEEP Online Education
Information schools
Distance education institutions based in the United States
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
The Mountains of the Central Dingle Peninsula are the generic name given to the mountains that lie on the Dingle Peninsula between the Brandon Group of mountains in the west, and the Slieve Mish Mountains at the eastern end of the peninsula.
Geology
Like many of the mountain ranges in Kerry, such as the MacGillycuddy Reeks, the mountains of the Central Dingle peninsula are composed predominantly of Devonian period Old Red Sandstone, with a band of Ordovician period metasediments.
The rocks date from the Upper Devonian period (310–450 million years ago) when Ireland was in a hot equatorial setting. During this 60 million year period, Ireland was the site of a major basin, known as the Munster basin, and Cork and Kerry were effectively a large alluvial floodplain. Chemical oxidation stained the material with a purple–reddish colour (and green in places from chlorination), still visible today. There are virtually no fossils in Old Red Sandstone.
The composition of Old Red Sandstone is variable and includes sandstones, mudstones, siltstones, and conglomerates (boulders containing quartz pebbles are visible throughout the range). The mountains were subject to significant glaciation with corries and U-shaped valleys, however the range does not have the sharp rocky arêtes and ridges of the MacGillycuddy Reeks range.
List of peaks
The following is a download from the MountainViews Online Database, who list 23 identifiable Central Dingle peaks with an elevation, or height, above 100 metres
See also
Brandon Group, a mountain range in Dingle Peninsula
Slieve Mish Mountains, a mountain range in Dingle Peninsula
Lists of mountains in Ireland
List of mountains of the British Isles by height
List of P600 mountains in the British Isles
List of Marilyns in the British Isles
List of Hewitt mountains in England, Wales and Ireland
Notes
References
Mountains and hills of County Kerry
Acoustics is the interdisciplinary science that deals with the study of all mechanical waves in gases, liquids, and solids.
Acoustics may also refer to:
Acoustics (Tony Rice album) (1979)
Acoustics (Floater album) (2004)
Acoustics (Minus the Bear EP) (2008)
Acoustics (Lydia EP) (2012)
Acoustics (This Century EP) (2012)
See also
Acoustic (disambiguation)
Musical acoustics
Selwyn Francis Edge (1868–1940) was a British businessman, racing driver, cyclist and record-breaker. He is principally associated with selling and racing De Dion-Bouton, Gladiator; Clemént-Panhard, Napier and AC cars.
Personal life
Edge was born in Concord township, near Sydney, on 29 March 1868; his parents were Alexander Ernest Edge and Annie Charlotte Sharp. At age three, he was taken to London where in his teens he competed successfully as a bicycle racer, winning the North Road Cycling Club's 100 Mile Road Race in 1888 and the Westerham Hill climb when he was nineteen. One of the English Team and aged 23 he came third in the first Bordeaux–Paris cycle race in 1891. He worked for Rudge then Harvey Du Cros as manager of his new Dunlop offices in London. In 1892 he married Eleanor Rose Sharp who died sometime before 1917; his second wife, Myra Caroline Martin, whom he married in 1917, had two daughters by him.
From 1910 until at least 1922 he resided at Gallops Homestead, Ditchling, Sussex, and from 1912 to 1919, courtesy of his contract with Napiers, he devoted himself to farming.
He died 12 February 1940 in Eastbourne, Sussex, England.
Business career
In 1899, he went into partnership with pioneering motorist Charles Jarrott and Herbert Duncan to found De Dion-Bouton British and Colonial Ltd as importers of cars. He had become friends with Montague Napier (of Napier & Son), another keen cyclist, and in 1898 asked Napier to carry out some improvements to his Panhard. In 1899, along with Harvey du Cros, Edge formed the Motor Vehicle Company Ltd to sell these improved cars, made by Napiers (Edge paid £400, selling at £500), as well as Gladiators and Clément-Panhards, both manufactured in Paris by Adolphe Clément-Bayard.
In 1907 The Sydney Morning Herald reported: "S. F. Edge (1907), Ltd., has been registered at Somerset House, London, with a capital of £275,000, to carry on the business of motor car, cycle, launch, and flying machine manufacturers." He sold his company, S.F. Edge Ltd, to Napier in 1912, for £120,000. The sale included an agreement not to be involved in motor manufacturing for seven years. During this period he devoted himself to farming at Ditchling, Sussex.
In 1917 he was appointed controller of the agricultural machinery department of the Ministry of Munitions.
When the embargo on motor manufacturing expired in 1919 he started to build up a shareholding in AC Cars, gaining full control in 1922. About 1923 Edge was also managing director of William Cubitt & Company, who had entered the car market with the Cubitt marque, but were out of business by 1925. Edge switched the contract for purchasing engines for the AC car from Anzani, where he also sat on the board, to Cubitt, who produced what was essentially a copy of the Anzani design. Edge purchased AC cars outright for £135,000 in 1927. When AC collapsed in 1929, Edge sold his interest in the company and took no further business interest in the motor industry.
Motor racing
Recognizing the value of publicity gained from auto racing, which no other British marque did, Edge entered an 8 hp (6 kW) four-cylinder Napier in the Automobile Club's 1900 Thousand Miles (1600 km) Trial of the Automobile Club on behalf of Edward Kennard; driven by Edge, with Kennard along, on a circuit from Newbury to Edinburgh and back, she won her class, being one of only thirty-five finishers (of sixty-four starters) and one of just twelve to average the requisite 12 mph (19 km/h) in England and 10 mph (16 km/h) in Scotland. He did the same (with C. S. Rolls his riding mechanic) at the 837 mi (1350 km) Paris-Toulouse-Paris rally in June; the car would be eliminated due to ignition trouble.
In the 1901 Gordon Bennett Cup, Edge entered a special 17-litre Napier which he was only able to test en route because it had been completed on 25 May, only four days before the event. Montague Napier was the riding mechanic. The car was too powerful for the Dunlop tyres and fitting new French tyres led to disqualification, since they were not of the same national of origin. In the concurrent Paris-Bordeaux rally, it retired with clutch trouble.
For the 1902 Gordon Bennett, Edge's Napier was the sole British entrant; with his cousin, Cecil Edge, as riding mechanic, he won, at an average 31.8 mph (51.2 km/h) (though by default, since the French entrants all fell out). The preparation of the car was hurried with some parts being fitted on the train to Paris. Additionally the second gear had not been hardened properly so, on arriving in Paris, Edge got the gear out, contacted his friend Adolphe Clément (Adolphe Clément-Bayard), borrowed his factory, hardened the gear, reassembled everything, and went on to win the race.
At the 1903 Gordon Bennett, Edge had an 80 hp (60 kW) Napier, the Type K5, but was disqualified. Edge (with Arthur McDonald, manager of Napiers' Genoa factory, as riding mechanic) fared no better with the K5 in the 1904 Gordon Bennett in Germany.
In 1903 Edge's eye for publicity created a world first when, on 2 October, Dorothy Levitt won her class at the Southport Speed Trials driving his 12 Hp Gladiator, shocking British society as she was the first woman, a working secretary, to compete in a 'motor race'.
... "Selwyn Edge, Director of the Napier Car Company and famous racing driver ... spotted Miss Dorothy Levitt amongst his staff, a beautiful secretary with long legs and eyes like pools. In a bid to promote his cars ... Edge decided that she should take part in a race, though first he had to teach her to drive. She surpassed his expectations by winning her class in the 1903 Southport Speed Trial, and proved such a good driver that she was taken on by De Dion for a major publicity stunt." Jean Francois Bouzanquet
In June 1907 Edge broke the 24-hour distance record, driving a 60 hp (44.7 kW) Napier six, at the newly opened Brooklands track, accompanied by riding-mechanic Joseph H Blackburn.(Born 17 December 1875 D 8 May 1919) He covered 1,581 miles (2544 km), 1,310 yards at an average speed of 65.905 mph (106.06 km/h). This record stood for 18 years. In 1910 Edge was awarded the Dewar Trophy for his drive in top gear in a Napier on the route London-Edinburgh-London.
In 1922 Edge returned to Brooklands in a Spyker setting a new "Double 12" world record covering 1,782 miles 1,066 yards (2,868 km 693 m) at an average speed of for the aggregate 24 hours.
Edge lent Mrs Victor Bruce an AC Six car (PF6465) which she drove in the 1927 Monte Carlo Rally, travelling 1,700 miles (2,700km) in 72 hours without sleep, finishing sixth overall, and winning the Coupe des Dames, for the women's class.
His final contribution to motor racing was the inauguration of the Campbell Circuit at Brooklands in 1937.
Motor yachting
In 1903 Edge won the inaugural British International Harmsworth Trophy for speedboats held on the River Lee, Queenstown, Cork Harbour, Ireland, in a boat called Napier I. The steel-hulled, 'Napier' speedboat fitted with a 3-blade propeller, achieved . It was driven by Dorothy Levitt, but as both owner and entrant "S.F.Edge" is engraved on the trophy as the winner. The third crew member, Campbell Muir, may also have taken the controls.
In May 1905 The Rudder reported that :
The first event of the season, the Monaco meeting, from 2 to 16 April, ... is without precedent [for quantity of entrants] in yachting history; beginning with an exhibition of all types of motor-boats, lasting four days, after which three days afloat were allowed for preparations, the races began on 9 April and continued for the following week.
Edge, driving Napier II, won the race for racers in the eight to 12 metres classes in 1 hour 5 minutes, he also finished second in Napier 1 as it was common practice to describe the owner and entrant as the driver, even if he did not take the wheel.
References
Books
My motoring reminiscences, Selwyn Francis Edge, Foulis, 1934. For a review of this book see: The Manchester Guardian, 18 October 1934, Page 7.
Brighton Speed Trials people
Brooklands people
Racing drivers from New South Wales
1940 deaths
1868 births
Australian emigrants to England
Businesspeople from London
English racing drivers
English male cyclists
Russell Louder is a Canadian musician and performance artist from Prince Edward Island, whose album Humor was longlisted for the 2021 Polaris Music Prize.
Louder, who is non-binary, released the EP Think of Light in 2017, and followed up with a number of singles before Humor was released in February 2021.
They are currently based in Montreal, Quebec. Their older brother, Leon Louder, is also a musician.
References
21st-century Canadian singers
Canadian indie pop musicians
Canadian performance artists
LGBT singers from Canada
Non-binary musicians
Musicians from Prince Edward Island
Musicians from Montreal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor were the defending champions but lost in the semifinals to James Blake and Mardy Fish.
Blake and Fish won in the final 6–3, 6–4 against Rick Leach and Brian MacPhie.
Seeds
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan (first round)
Mark Knowles / Daniel Nestor (semifinals)
Rick Leach / Brian MacPhie (final)
Jordan Kerr / Tom Vanhoudt (first round)
Draw
References
2004 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships Doubles Draw
U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships
2004 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships
The Rovigo Photovoltaic Power Plant is a 70 MW solar photovoltaic (PV) plant in Northeast Italy, about 17 km west of Rovigo. Construction of the plant was started in March 2010 and was completed in November 2010 at a cost of 276 million euro. When completed, it was the largest single-operating PV plant in Europe.
The project, also called the San Bellino PV power plant, was developed by SunEdison and built by Isolux Corsán. In October 2010, SunEdison sold the project to infrastructure investor First Reserve for US$382 million, and remained responsible for operating and maintaining the plant.
See also
List of photovoltaic power stations
Montalto di Castro Photovoltaic Power Station
References
Photovoltaic power stations in Italy
Love and Peace: A Tribute to Horace Silver is a 1995 studio album by Dee Dee Bridgewater, recorded in tribute to Horace Silver.
Background
The album features contributions by Silver himself, as well as by late Jimmy Smith. Silver makes two guest appearances on this album, on "Nica's Dream" and "Song for My Father". Silver's contributions were recorded on December 1, 1994. Bridgewater's performance earned her a Grammy nomination for Best Jazz Vocal Album.
Reception
Scott Yanow of AllMusic wrote, " Bridgewater uplifts Silver's lyrics, proves to be in prime form, and swings up a storm."
Track listing
"Permit Me to Introduce You to Yourself" – 3:25
"Nica's Dream" – 5:14
"The Tokyo Blues" – 5:44
"Pretty Eyes" – 5:05
"St. Vitus Dance" – 2:40
"You Happened My Way" – 6:29
"Soulville" – 4:16
"Filthy McNasty" – 4:51
"Song for My Father" – 5:30
"Doodlin'" – 6:06
"Lonely Woman" – 5:21
"The Jody Grind" – 5:00
"Blowin' the Blues Away" – 3:55
All music and lyrics written by Horace Silver.
Personnel
Dee Dee Bridgewater - vocals
Stéphane Belmondo - trumpet
Lionel Belmondo - tenor saxophone, arrangement of "Permit Me ..."
Thierry Eliez - piano (except "Nica's Dream" and "Song for My Father")
Horace Silver - piano (on "Nica's Dream" and "Song for My Father")
Jimmy Smith - Hammond B3 organ (on "Filthy McNasty" and "The Jody Grind")
Hein van de Geyn - bass, arrangements
André Ceccarelli - drums
Chart positions
Notes
Dee Dee Bridgewater albums
Tribute albums
Verve Records albums
1995 albums
Hyperpolarized carbon-13 MRI is a functional medical imaging technique for probing perfusion and metabolism using injected substrates.
It is enabled by techniques for hyperpolarization of carbon-13-containing molecules using dynamic nuclear polarization and rapid dissolution to create an injectable solution. Following the injection of a hyperpolarized substrate, metabolic activity can be mapped based on enzymatic conversion of the injected molecule. In contrast with other metabolic imaging methods such as positron emission tomography, hyperpolarized carbon-13 MRI provides chemical as well as spatial information, allowing this technique to be used to probe the activity of specific metabolic pathways. This has led to new ways of imaging disease. For example, metabolic conversion of hyperpolarized pyruvate into lactate is increasingly being used to image cancerous tissues via the Warburg effect.
Hyperpolarization
While hyperpolarization of inorganic small molecules (like 3He and 129Xe) is generally achieved using spin-exchange optical pumping (SEOP), compounds useful for metabolic imaging (such as 13C or 15N) are typically hyperpolarized using dynamic nuclear polarization (DNP). DNP can be performed at operating temperatures of 1.1-1.2 K, and high magnetic fields (~4T). The compounds are then thawed and dissolved to yield a room temperature solution containing hyperpolarized nuclei which can be injected.
Dissolution and injection
Hyperpolarized samples of 13C pyruvic acid are typically dissolved in some form of aqueous solution containing various detergents and buffering reagents. For example, in a study detecting tumor response to etoposide treatment, the sample was dissolved in 40 mM HEPES, 94 mM NaOH, 30 mM NaCl, and 50 mg/L EDTA.
Preclinical models
Hyperpolarized carbon-13 MRI is currently being developed as a potentially cost effective diagnostic and treatment progress tool in various cancers, including prostate cancer. Other potential uses include neuro-oncological applications such as the monitoring of real-time in vivo metabolic events.
Clinical trials
The majority of clinical studies utilizing 13C hyperpolarization are currently studying pyruvate metabolism in prostate cancer, testing reproducibility of the imaging data, as well as feasibility of acquiring time.
Imaging methods
Spectroscopic imaging
Spectroscopic imaging techniques enable chemical information to be extracted from hyperpolarized carbon-13 MRI experiments. The distinct chemical shift associated with each metabolite can be exploited to probe the exchange of magnetization between pools corresponding to each of the metabolites.
Metabolite-selective excitation
Using techniques for simultaneous spatial and spectral selective excitation, RF pulses can be designed to perturb metabolites individually.
This enables the encoding of metabolite-selective images without the need for spectroscopic imaging. This technique also allows different flip angles to be applied to each metabolite,
which enables pulse sequences to be designed that make optimal use of the limited polarization available for imaging.
Dynamic imaging models
In contrast with conventional MRI, hyperpolarized experiments are inherently dynamic as images must be acquired as the injected substrate spreads through the body and is metabolized. This necessitates dynamical system modelling and estimation for quantifying metabolic reaction rates. A number of approaches exist for modeling the evolution of magnetization within a single voxel.
Two-species model with unidirectional flux
The simplest model of metabolic flux assumes unidirectional conversion of the injected substrate S to a product P. The rate of conversion is assumed to be governed by the reaction rate constant
Exchange of magnetization between the two species can then be modeled using the linear ordinary differential equation
where denotes the rate at which the transverse magnetization decays to thermal equilibrium polarization, for the product species P.
Two-species model with bidirectional flux
The unidirectional flux model can be extended to account for bidirectional metabolic flux with forward rate and backward rate
The differential equation describing the magnetization exchange is then
Effect of radio-frequency excitation
Repeated radio-frequency (RF) excitation of the sample causes additional decay of the magnetization vector. For constant flip angle sequences, this effect can be approximated using a larger effective rate of decay computed as
where is the flip angle and is the repetition time.
Time-varying flip angle sequences can also be used, but require that the dynamics be modeled as a hybrid system with discrete jumps in the system state.
Metabolism mapping
The goal of many hyperpolarized carbon-13 MRI experiments is to map the activity of a particular metabolic pathway. Methods of quantifying the metabolic rate from dynamic image data include temporally integrating the metabolic curves, computing the definite integral referred to in pharmacokinetics as the area under the curve (AUC), and taking the ratio of integrals as a proxy for rate constants of interest.
Area-under-the-curve ratio
Comparing the definite integral under the substrate and product metabolite curves has been proposed as an alternative to model-based parameter estimates as a method of quantifying metabolic activity. Under specific assumptions, the ratio
\frac{AUC(P)}{AUC(S)}
of area under the product curve AUC(P) to the area under the substrate curve AUC(S) is proportional to the forward metabolic rate .
Rate parameter mapping
When the assumptions under which this ratio is proportional to are not met, or there is significant noise in the collected data, it is desirable to compute estimates of model parameters directly. When noise is independent and identically distributed and Gaussian, parameters can be fit using non-linear least squares estimation. Otherwise (for example if magnitude images with Rician-distributed noise are used), parameters can be estimated by maximum likelihood estimation. The spatial distribution of metabolic rates can be visualized by estimating metabolic rates corresponding to the time series from each voxel, and plotting a heat map of the estimated rates.
See also
Carbon-13 nuclear magnetic resonance
Dynamic nuclear polarization
Functional imaging
Magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging
References
Magnetic resonance imaging
I'm Almost Not Crazy: John Cassavetes, the Man and His Work is a 1989 documentary directed by Michael Ventura and starring John Cassavetes.
Overview
Filmed in 1984, the filmmakers document Cassavetes during the making of Love Streams, the last film he both wrote and directed. Originally released following Cassavetes' death in 1989, the documentary is featured on the 2014 Criterion release of the film.
References
External links
1984 films
1989 films
1989 documentary films
Documentary films about film directors and producers
American independent films
Documentary films about films
John Cassavetes
Documentary films about the cinema of the United States
Golan-Globus films
Films produced by Menahem Golan
Films produced by Yoram Globus
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Fire & Damnation is the third studio album by the German thrash metal band Exumer. It was released 25 years after the band's previous album, Rising from the Sea (1987), on 6 April 2012 through Metal Blade Records.
The album was engineered and produced by Waldemar Sorychta. Drums were recorded at Waldstreetsound Studio in Dortmund, all guitars and vocals were recorded at Sonarklang Studio in Haltern. Fire & Damnation was mixed by Sorychta and Dennis Koehne at Flying Pigs Studio in Schwerte.
Track listing
Personnel
Mem V. Stein – vocals
Ray Mensh – guitar
H.K. – guitar
T. Schiavo – bass
Matthias Kassner – drums
Waldemar Sorychta – engineer, producer
Dennis Koehne – mixing, mastering
References
External links
Exumer "Fire & Damnation"
2012 albums
Metal Blade Records albums
Exumer albums
Albums produced by Waldemar Sorychta
TV 2/Fyn is one of the eight regional television stations associated with TV 2/Danmark, covering the island of Funen.
It was the second TV 2 station established (after TV2/FYN) and started broadcasting on 10 January 1989. It was originally broadcasting from Odense, but moved to Svendborg in 1990 to establish the difference between TV 2/Fyn and the national TV 2 channel (which was also based from Odense). Originally, the station didn't broadcast any news, but as time went on it came to focus more on news. This prompted a move back to Odense and a new television house was opened in September 2000.
The regional TV 2 stations are given the time slots 18.10-18.20 and 19.30-20.00 every day of the week as well as 11.00-11.30,12.10-12.30 16.05-16.15 and 22.20-22.30 on weekdays (the late slot is not broadcast on Fridays). TV 2/Fyn use the afternoon, early evening and nightly slots for regional news. The 19.30 is the main regional news bulletin. The lunch slot starts with a local programme, followed by Set & Sket which is co-produced and simulcast by all TV 2 regions. This is followed by national news at noon and a lunch edition of the regional news.
The station is entirely funded by the television license. It does however sell regional advertising space in connection to the regional slots, but this revenue is not used for TV 2/Fyn, but for the national TV 2.
References
External links
Official site
Television stations in Denmark
Television channels and stations established in 1989
Mass media in Odense
Mass media in Svendborg
John Anderson (1942 – 10 April 2012) was a co-founder, a director and the chief technology officer of Intelesens Ltd. and HeartSine® Technologies Inc. Anderson formed the Northern Ireland Bio-Engineering Centre (NIBEC) and was its first director. He was also the head of the School of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering at the University of Ulster (Jordanstown), Northern Ireland. He was the head of bioengineering at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Northern Ireland, when the world's first mobile coronary care unit was launched in 1967.
Professor Frank Pantridge was responsible for development of the world's first portable defibrillator designed for use outside of hospital, which was subsequently manufactured and sold throughout the world. Anderson worked with Pantridge on its development.
Anderson received M.Phil. and D.Phil. in bioengineering and was granted a personal chair in medical electronics in 1990. In 1994 he was made a founding fellow of the Biological Engineering Society. He was a chartered scientist and a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians. He published over 300 papers in the field of bioengineering research and hold 40 patents in the field. He was previously an active member of the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI) standards committees for conventional defibrillation and semi automatic defibrillation.
He was also responsible for developing the technology utilised in many defibrillators, including semi automatic and telephone controlled devices, being marketed today. His publication record reflected his intense interest in sudden cardiac death with particular reference to the early and rapid treatment of cardiac arrest.
In 2002 Anderson was awarded a UK Business Fellowship, one of only twelve in the UK. During his working career, he was responsible for ten start-up companies in the field of medical engineering.
References
1942 births
2012 deaths
British bioengineers
Chief technology officers
Irish inventors
Irish company founders
Academics of Ulster University
Engineers from Northern Ireland
The Beale Mountains are located in the Mojave National Preserve in eastern California. The range is one of the smallest mountain ranges in the United States, and is only about 2.5 miles long. The mountains are located northeast of the Kelso Mountains, about five miles from the Kelso Cima road, in the Cinder Cone National Natural Landmark. The mountains lie in the arid climate zone, characterized by little rainfall. They are named after Edward Fitzgerald Beale.
References
Mountain ranges of the Mojave Desert
Mojave National Preserve
Mountain ranges of San Bernardino County, California
Saint Helier is a parish in the island of Jersey named after Saint Helier. Other places named after the saint are:
St. Helier, London - a suburb in the London Boroughs of Merton and Sutton
St Helier railway station - a railway station in the suburb of the same name in London
St Heliers Correctional Centre - a prison in New South Wales, Australia
Saint-Hélier, Côte-d'Or - a commune of eastern France
Saint Heliers, New Zealand - a suburb of Auckland
Saint Heliers, Melbourne - a part of the suburb of Abbotsford
See also
Saint-Hellier - a commune in Haute-Normandie
Wani Lodu Swaka Lo Buluk (born 9 June 2001) is a Sudanese-Australian professional basketball player for the Illawarra Hawks of the National Basketball League (NBL). Opting to forgo college basketball in the United States to begin his professional career in Australia, he made his debut for the Perth Wildcats in the NBL in 2018. He won two NBL championships with the Wildcats over three years before joining the Sydney Kings in 2021 and winning a third championship in 2022. He also helped the Warwick Senators win the West Coast Classic in 2020.
Early life and career
Swaka Lo Buluk was born in Sudan and moved to Perth as a four-year-old. He attended La Salle College in Perth and then spent two years at the Australian Institute of Sport's NBA Global Academy in Canberra. He also attended Lake Ginninderra College while at the AIS.
Swaka Lo Buluk played two seasons in the South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL) with the BA Centre of Excellence. He averaged 2.4 points and 1.2 rebounds in 13 games in 2017 and then 1.6 points and 1.6 rebounds in five games in 2018.
At the 2018 Under 18 National Championships, he helped Western Australia win the title, the state's first since 2001, scoring 16 points in the gold medal game.
Professional career
In the lead-up to the 2018–19 NBL season, Swaka Lo Buluk played for the Perth Wildcats during the pre-season when a large portion of the squad was on international duties. In December 2018, he joined the Wildcats as a development player and became the youngest player to debut for the team at 17 years old. He also became the sixth youngest player in NBL history to score on debut. He played four games during the season and received minutes in Game 3 of the NBL Grand Final series against Melbourne United. He was a member of the Wildcats' championship-winning squad in March 2019. Following the season, he signed a scholarship agreement with California Baptist University.
For the 2019 SBL season, Swaka Lo Buluk joined the Warwick Senators. In 20 games, he averaged 12.1 points, 4.7 rebounds and 3.6 assists per game.
On 15 July 2019, Swaka Lo Buluk signed a three-year contract with the Wildcats, opting to forgo college basketball in the United States to begin his professional career in Australia. However, on 3 September 2019, he was ruled out for three to four months after injuring his right ankle at pre-season practice. He suffered a torn syndesmosis and underwent surgery. He returned from injury to make his 2019–20 season debut on 21 December against Melbourne. On 15 February 2020, in the Wildcats' regular-season finale, he made his first NBL start and recorded eight points and four rebounds in a 94–79 win over the Adelaide 36ers. In March 2020, he was crowned an NBL champion for the second year in a row. He averaged 1.9 points in 13 games during the season.
He re-joined the Warwick Senators in 2020 and helped them win the West Coast Classic. In the grand final, the Senators defeated the Perry Lakes Hawks 96–81, with Swaka Lo Buluk recording nine points and six rebounds. In 13 games, he averaged 10.0 points, 4.3 rebounds and 3.4 assists per game.
Swaka Lo Buluk missed pre-season action leading up to the 2020–21 NBL season due to a groin aggravation. He helped the Wildcats reach the 2021 NBL Grand Final series, where they lost 3–0 to Melbourne United. He averaged 1.3 points in 33 games during the season. The Wildcats decided to not take up the club option on his contract following the season, making him a free agent.
After playing for the Albury Wodonga Bandits in the NBL1 South, Swaka Lo Buluk joined the Sydney Kings for the 2021–22 NBL season, initially as an injury replacement player for Dejan Vasiljevic, before becoming an integral part of the squad. On 13 January 2022, he scored a career-high 17 points in a 97–89 loss to the Illawarra Hawks. He helped the Kings win the 2022 NBL championship.
For the 2022 NBL1 North season, Swaka Lo Buluk joined the USC Rip City.
On 20 May 2022, Swaka Lo Buluk signed a two-year deal with the Illawarra Hawks.
National team career
In 2018, Swaka Lo Buluk represented Australia at the Under-17 FIBA World Cup in Argentina and won gold at the Under-16 FIBA Asia Championship in China. He was named in the all-tournament team for the U16 Asian Championship. In 2019, he played for Australia at the Under-19 FIBA World Cup in Greece.
In June 2022, Swaka Lo Buluk was named in the Boomers' World Cup Qualifiers team.
References
External links
NBL profile
FIBA profile
2001 births
Living people
Australian men's basketball players
Basketball players from Perth, Western Australia
Illawarra Hawks players
People educated at La Salle College, Perth
People educated at Lake Ginninderra College
Perth Wildcats players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Sydney Kings players
Rock fleabane is a common name for several plants and may refer to:
Erigeron saxatilis
Erigeron scopulinus, native to the southwestern United States
Alice Lemieux-Lévesque (September 23, 1905 – January 1983) was a Canadian-American writer. She published multiple books. In 1960, she was awarded the Ordre des Palmes Académiques, a national order of France, for her work in improving French-American relations.
Biography
Early life and education
Lemieux-Lévesque was born in Quebec City, Quebec on September 23, 1905. Her parents were J. Albert Lemieux, a merchant, and Alice Morrisette. She grew up in Saint-Michel de Bellechase, attending primary school there, and completed high school at Convent des Ursulines de Québec. She then attended nursing school at Prévost de Montréal.
Career and personal life
In 1926, she published Heures effeuillées, a poetry collection. In 1919, she published a second poetry collection, Poèmes. The collection won a David Prize. In 1930, Lemieux-Lévesque spent a year studying at the Sorbonne in Paris.
After returning to Canada, in 1935, Lemieux-Lévesque married Léo-Albert Lévesque, a French-American journalist and poet, who was better known under the pseudonym Rosaire Dion-Lévesque. After the wedding, Lemieux-Lévesque moved to Nashua, New Hampshire. In the United States, she advocated for the promotion of French culture and heritage among French Americans. She edited Nashua's French-language journal, L'impartial, from 1946 to 1951 and served as the French-American Women's Federation's first president. In 1952, she founded the organization's Bulletin publication, which would go on to be known as one of the "best French-language publications in the United States." In 1960, a French representative in Boston awarded her the Ordre des Palmes Académiques to recognize her for her work in improving French-American relations.
Lemieux-Lévesque published six other poetry collections: Silences in 1962, L'arbre du jour in 1964, Jardin d'octobre in 1972, Le repas du soir in 1974, Vers la joie in 1976, and Fleurs de givre in 1979. In 1963, Lemieux-Lévesque divorced her husband and returned to Canada. There, she published work in magazines and newspapers and was affiliated with the Society of French-Canadian Poets and the Society of Canadian Writers.
References
1905 births
1983 deaths
Writers from Quebec City
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Recipients of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
20th-century Canadian women writers
20th-century Canadian writers
David Joseph Levac (born April 6, 1954) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1999 to 2018 who represented the riding of Brant. He was elected Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 2011. He is the longest serving Speaker in Ontario history.
Background
Born in Brantford, Ontario, Levac was educated at Wilfrid Laurier University, Queen's University and Niagara University. He became a teacher in the early 1980s, and a principal in Brantford in 1989. Levac received the Canada 125 Medal in 1993, was named OECTA Distinguished Teacher in 1994 for his work in conflict resolution programs, and was named Brantford's Citizen of the Year in 1997 by readers of the Brantford Expositor. He also served as co-ordinator of Queen Elizabeth II's Royal Visit to Brantford in 1997. He was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal in 2002. In 2011 he was awarded the Chevalier of the Order of Merit for his educational efforts with respect to the Ukrainian famine in the 1930s.
Politics
Levac was elected in the 1999 provincial election, defeating Progressive Conservative candidate Alayne Sokoloski by 956 votes in the riding of Brant. The Conservatives won a majority government in this election, and Levac sat as an opposition member for the next four years.
The Liberals won a majority government in the 2003 provincial election and Levac again defeated Sokoloski, this time by over 10,000 votes. Levac was named chief government Whip. Levac was re-elected in 2007, 2011, and 2014.
On April 9, 2009 Levac, along with co-sponsors Cheri DiNovo and Frank Klees passed bill 147 – The Holodomor Memorial Day Act. This was the first piece of legislation in the Province's history to be introduced with Tri-Partisan sponsorship. This historic legislation recognizes Ukrainian man-made famine as an act of Genocide.
On January 25, 2010, Levac was named Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Energy and Infrastructure.
After the 2011 election, Levac was elected Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. He beat three other Liberal members, David Zimmer, Kevin Flynn, and Donna Cansfield. Cansfield was an early favourite for the position but lost to Levac on a second ballot after all the NDP members voted in a bloc for Levac. No New Democrats or Conservatives put their names forward due to the delicate minority status of the Liberal government. He was re-elected as Speaker after the 2014 election defeating four other contenders.
On May 5, 2017, Levac announced he would not run for his seat again in the 2018 Ontario general election after 19 years in the Legislature and seven of those years as Speaker.
Electoral record
References
External links
1954 births
21st-century Canadian politicians
Heads of schools in Canada
Chevaliers of the Order of Merit (Ukraine)
Living people
Métis politicians
Niagara University alumni
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
People from Brantford
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
Mapa de Cuauhtinchan No. 2 (Cuauhtinchan Map #2, also known in the literature by the abbreviation MC2) is one of five indigenous maps from the sixteenth century Valley of Puebla, that documents the history of the Chichimeca Cucuhtinchantlacas. This map is a post-conquest document done in amate paper in a traditional cartographic history style very common in Mesoamerica (Boone, 2000) and used to recount creation myths, migrations, battles and allegiances, and to document lineages and territorial boundaries (Reyes, 1977).
Mapping
Mapmaking is a cultural expression evidenced in different forms in any human community over time and space: From fourth century BC (400 BC) China to nineteenth century Europe, maps have been a medium that materialized or translated man's relationship to the world around it; as Harley puts it “There are few aspects of human action and thought that have not been mapped at one time or another” (Harley, 1991). Maps are a representation of place. As part of the Greek legacy, cartography stressed the “scientific”, methodical, and measurable aspects of these representations, which the European tradition embraced, dismissing the other more subjective discourses; and referring to these non-European maps as “primitive". (see History of Cartography).
Ranging from paintings produced by the Aboriginal people of Australia (Indigenous Australians) to maps of the Indigenous peoples of the Americas (Native Americans), and from the Marshall Islands stick charts to the battle plans drawn on the ground by Māori warriors in New Zealand, they were widely regarded as an inchoate stage in the cognitive history of cartography. To the extent that they lacked orientation, regular scales, and the Euclidean geometry of modern maps, or were drawn on unfamiliar media, little effort was made to crack their codes of representation. They remained on the periphery of Western cartographic achievement. (Harley, 1991)
As cartography encompassed both the Western world and non-Western world expressions its definition expanded from just being cognitive structures to understand space to be a contextual historical discourse.
Aztec Cartographic Histories
Post-conquest indigenous cartographic expressions were an example of the conscientious combination of the foreign and indigenous styles, an active reflection of the cultural changes taking place at that moment in Mesoamerica. The maps and the mapmaking that came from Europe to the New World during the conquest were “framed by a scientific rationale, primarily accentuating economic, social, and political boundaries and often ignoring levels of signs and abstractions deeply rooted in the cultural context and social order where a map is produced” (Botero, 2006).
With this in mind Aztec maps were not just layouts of the empire, but actually cartographic histories. Not only those documented how things were arranged in space but they told stories and were a common method of presenting space and movement through it and Mexican historians made remarkable use of this technique (Boone, 2000). According to Elizabeth Hill Boone any story is tied to a protagonist (who), a date (when), and a location (where); and maps such as the MC2 allowed the representation of these three elements, therefore they were a suitable discourse for their stories.
The MC2 and the Tolteca-Chichimeca history
Extracted from the MC2 and Paul Kirchhoff's work
The map, using an undoubtedly Mesoamerican cartographic discourse, though with minor European accents (for example in the detail of the facial expressions), describes a pilgrimage. A ritual (Boone, 2000) and cultural journey from the mythical cave of Chicomoztoc to the town of Cuauhtinchan in the heart of today's Valley of Puebla in the immediacies of the Amozoc-Tepeaca mountain range (Yoneda, 2005). It tells a story that spans about four hundred years, between the twelfth and sixteenth centuries (Reyes, 1977). The story told in this manuscript starts while the Olmeca-Xicallanca were attacking the city of Cholula, the Tolteca capital. The Tolteca rulers send two lords/priests, Icxicouatl (“Serpent Foot”) and Quetzalteueyac (“Feather Lip”) (Kirchhoff et al., 1976; Wake, 2007) to find and hire the famous Chichimeca mercenaries, “son valientes hombres, animosos y esforzados soldados (tiyacuah)” (Kirchhoff et al., 1976) that lived in Chicomoztoc to fight for them (Reyes, 1977).
The Chichimeca tribes left the sacred site led by Itzpapalotl, their goddess of war (Yoneda, 2002a), followed their Tolteca guides for thirteen days (Yoneda, 2002b), arrived to the city of Cholula, and defeated the Tolteca enemies, the Olmeca-Xicallanca. As reward for their services the Chichimeca-Cuauhtinchantlacas (the mapmakers' ancestors) were given the title of teuchtli and allowed to settle in the immediacies of the mountain range of Amozoc-Tepeaca, where after surveying the valley they founded Cuauhtinchan (Reyes, 1977; Yoneda, 2005).
Additionally, the Map tells the story of the tensions between Cuauhtinchantlacas and Popollocas, their claims to the lands of the alteptl of Cuauhtinchan, and their ultimate defeat by the Mixteca Lord 13, who pursued and killed Teuchtlecozauhqui (Kirchhoff et al., 1976). After this the Cuauhtinchantlaca survivors took refuge in Matlazinco, south of Cuauhtinchan in the bank of the Atoyac River near the current town of San Juan of Tzictlacoya (Kirchhoff et al., 1976).
Cave, City, and Eagle's Nest
From 2002 to 2007 research on this manuscript was conducted at Harvard University. The work was carried through the Moses Mesoamerican Archive in the Department of Anthropology and the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies at Harvard University. The Mexican American historian of religions David Carrasco was responsible for organizing the five-year study at Harvard that resulted in Cave, City, and Eagle's Nest, edited by Carrasco and his former student and colleague Scott Sessions. For a useful history of this project see the introduction to the book written by the co-editors. Carrasco did a lecture tour about the MC2 Codex in 2008 and 2009.
See also
Some interesting internal and external links to indigenous manuscripts and studies on these documents are:
Further reading
Traditional knowledge gis
Sinckan Manuscripts
Aztec Codices
Maithili Karna Kayasthak Panjik Sarvekshan
Ramírez Codex
Nahuatl orthography
References
Boone, E. H. (2000). Stories in red and black: pictorial histories of the Aztecs and Mixtecs. Texas: University of Texas Press.
Botero, J. M. (2006). “Leader of serpents, the fall of the eagle”: The Map of Cuauhtinchan No. 2 as the Script of a Play . Master in Liberal Arts Thesis, Harvard University.
Cosgrove, D. (2002). Introduction: Mapping Meaning. In D. Cosgrove (Ed.), Mappings (pp. 1–23). London: Reaktion Books Ltd.
Harley, J. B. (1991). The New History of Cartography. Unesco Courier, 44, 10-15.
Kirchhoff, P, Güemes, L, & Reyes, L. (1976). Historia Tolteca Chichimeca. Mexico: IMA-SEP-CISINAH.
Reyes, L. (1977). Cuauhtinchan del siglo XII al XVI: Formación y desarrollo histórico de un señorio prehispánico. Wiesbaden: Franz Steiner Verlag GMBH.
Yoneda, K. (2002a). Cultura y cosmovisión Chichimecas en el mapa de Cuauhtinchan No. 2. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, Vol. 1, Universidad Autonoma de Mexico, Mexico.
Yoneda, K. (2002b). Los caminos de Chicomoztoc a Cholollan: Una migración Chichimeca (siglo XII). The Journal of Intercultural Studies, 29(2002), 90-116.
Yoneda, K. (2005, May 19). Mapa de Cuauhtinchan #2 Cambridge Meeting [Glifos y mensajes del Mapa de Cuauhtinchan 2]. Harvard University, Cambridge.
Wake, E. (2007). The Serpent Road: Colonial Iconic Script and the Historical Narrative of Mapa de Cuauhtinchan No. 2. In D. Carrasco (Ed.), The cave, the city, and the eagle's nest: An interpretative journey through the MC2. In press
Maps of the history of Mexico
Mesoamerican documents
16th-century maps and globes
Spacecraft operating in the inner Solar System usually rely on the use of power electronics-managed photovoltaic solar panels to derive electricity from sunlight. Outside the orbit of Jupiter, solar radiation is too weak to produce sufficient power within current solar technology and spacecraft mass limitations, so radioisotope thermoelectric generators (RTGs) are instead used as a power source.
History
The first practical silicon-based solar cells were introduced by Bell Labs in April 1954. They were initially about 6% efficient, but improvements began to raise this number almost immediately. Bell had been interested in the idea as a system to provide power at remote telephone repeater stations, but the cost of the devices was far too high to be practical in this role. Aside from small experimental kits and uses, the cells remained largely unused.
This changed with the development of the first US spacecraft, the Vanguard 1 satellite. Calculations by Dr. Hans Ziegler demonstrated that a system using solar cells recharging a battery pack would provide the required power in a much lighter overall package than using just a battery. The satellite was powered by silicon solar cells with ≈10% conversion efficiency.
The success of the Vanguard system inspired Spectrolab, an optics company, to take up the development of solar cells specifically designed for space applications. They had their first major design win on Pioneer 1 in 1958, and would later be the first cells to travel to the Moon, on the Apollo 11 mission's ALSEP package. As satellites grew in size and power, Spectrolab began looking for ways to introduce much more powerful cells. This led them to pioneer the development of multi-junction cells that increased efficiency from around 12% for their 1970s silicon cells to about 30% for their current gallium arsenide (GaAs) cells. These types of cells are now used almost universally on all solar-powered spacecraft.
Uses
Solar panels on spacecraft supply power for two main uses:
Power to run the sensors, active heating, cooling and telemetry.
Power for electrically powered spacecraft propulsion, sometimes called electric propulsion or solar-electric propulsion.
For both uses, a key figure of merit of the solar panels is the specific power (watts generated divided by solar array mass), which indicates on a relative basis how much power one array will generate for a given launch mass relative to another. Another key metric is stowed packing efficiency (deployed watts produced divided by stowed volume), which indicates how easily the array will fit into a launch vehicle. Yet another key metric is cost (dollars per watt).
To increase the specific power, typical solar panels on spacecraft use close-packed solar cell rectangles that cover nearly 100% of the Sun-visible area of the solar panels,
rather than the solar wafer circles which, even though close-packed, cover about 90% of the Sun-visible area of typical solar panels on Earth. However, some solar panels on spacecraft have solar cells that cover only 30% of the Sun-visible area.
Implementation
Solar panels need to have a lot of surface area that can be pointed towards the Sun as the spacecraft moves. More exposed surface area means more electricity can be converted from light energy from the Sun. Since spacecraft have to be small, this limits the amount of power that can be produced.
All electrical circuits generate waste heat; in addition, solar arrays act as optical and thermal as well as electrical collectors. Heat must be radiated from their surfaces. High-power spacecraft may have solar arrays that compete with the active payload itself for thermal dissipation. The innermost panel of arrays may be "blank" to reduce the overlap of views to space. Such spacecraft include the higher-power communications satellites (e.g., later-generation TDRS) and Venus Express, not high-powered but closer to the Sun.
Spacecraft are built so that the solar panels can be pivoted as the spacecraft moves. Thus, they can always stay in the direct path of the light rays no matter how the spacecraft is pointed. Spacecraft are usually designed with solar panels that can always be pointed at the Sun, even as the rest of the body of the spacecraft moves around, much as a tank turret can be aimed independently of where the tank is going. A tracking mechanism is often incorporated into the solar arrays to keep the array pointed towards the sun.
Sometimes, satellite operators purposefully orient the solar panels to "off point," or out of direct alignment from the Sun. This happens if the batteries are completely charged and the amount of electricity needed is lower than the amount of electricity made; off-pointing is also sometimes used on the International Space Station for orbital drag reduction.
Ionizing radiation issues and mitigation
Space contains varying levels of electromagnetic radiation as well as ionizing radiation. There are 4 sources of radiations: the Earth's radiation belts (also called Van Allen belts), galactic cosmic rays (GCR), solar wind and solar flares. The Van Allen belts and the solar wind contain mostly protons and electrons, while GCR are in majority very high energy protons, alpha particles and heavier ions. Solar panels will experience efficiency degradation over time as a result of these types of radiation, but the degradation rate will depend strongly on the solar cell technology and on the location of the spacecraft. With borosilicate glass panel coverings, this may be between 5-10% efficiency loss per year. Other glass coverings, such as fused silica and lead glasses, may reduce this efficiency loss to less than 1% per year. The degradation rate is a function of the differential flux spectrum and the total ionizing dose.
Types of solar cells typically used
Up until the early 1990s, solar arrays used in space primarily used crystalline silicon solar cells. Since the early 1990s, Gallium arsenide-based solar cells became favored over silicon because they have a higher efficiency and degrade more slowly than silicon in the space radiation environment. The most efficient solar cells currently in production are now multi-junction photovoltaic cells. These use a combination of several layers of indium gallium phosphide, gallium arsenide and germanium to harvest more energy from the solar spectrum. Leading edge multi-junction cells are capable of exceeding 39.2% under non-concentrated AM1.5G illumination and 47.1% using concentrated AM1.5G illumination.
Spacecraft that have used solar power
To date, solar power, other than for propulsion, has been practical for spacecraft operating no farther from the Sun than the orbit of Jupiter. For example, Juno, Magellan, Mars Global Surveyor, and Mars Observer used solar power as does the Earth-orbiting, Hubble Space Telescope. The Rosetta space probe, launched 2 March 2004, used its of solar panels as far as the orbit of Jupiter (5.25 AU); previously the furthest use was the Stardust spacecraft at 2 AU. Solar power for propulsion was also used on the European lunar mission SMART-1 with a Hall effect thruster.
The Juno mission, launched in 2011, is the first mission to Jupiter (arrived at Jupiter on July 4, 2016) to use solar panels instead of the traditional RTGs that are used by previous outer Solar System missions, making it the furthest spacecraft to use solar panels to date. It has of panels.
The InSight lander, Ingenuity helicopter, Tianwen-1 orbiter, and Zhurong rover all currently operating on Mars also utilize solar panels.
Another spacecraft of interest were Dawn which went into orbit around 4 Vesta in 2011. It used ion thrusters to get to Ceres.
The potential for solar powered spacecraft beyond Jupiter has been studied.
The International Space Station also uses solar arrays to power everything on the station. The 262,400 solar cells cover around of space. There are four sets of solar arrays that power the station and the fourth set of arrays were installed in March 2009. 240 kilowatts of electricity can be generated from these solar arrays. That comes to 120 kilowatts average system power, including 50% ISS time in Earth's shadow.
Future uses
For future missions, it is desirable to reduce solar array mass, and to increase the power generated per unit area. This will reduce overall spacecraft mass, and may make the operation of solar-powered spacecraft feasible at larger distances from the sun. Solar array mass could be reduced with thin-film photovoltaic cells, flexible blanket substrates, and composite support structures. Solar array efficiency could be improved by using new photovoltaic cell materials and solar concentrators that intensify the incident sunlight. Photovoltaic concentrator solar arrays for primary spacecraft power are devices which intensify the sunlight on the photovoltaics. This design uses a flat lens, called a Fresnel lens, which takes a large area of sunlight and concentrates it onto a smaller spot, allowing a smaller area of solar cell to be used.
Solar concentrators put one of these lenses over every solar cell. This focuses light from the large concentrator area down to the smaller cell area. This allows the quantity of expensive solar cells to be reduced by the amount of concentration. Concentrators work best when there is a single source of light and the concentrator can be pointed right at it. This is ideal in space, where the Sun is a single light source. Solar cells are the most expensive part of solar arrays, and arrays are often a very expensive part of the spacecraft. This technology may allow costs to be cut significantly due to the utilization of less material.
Gallery
See also
For solar arrays on the International Space Station, see ISS Solar Arrays or Electrical system of the International Space Station
Ingenuity Mars 2020 helicopter runs on batteries powered by solar panels
Nuclear power in space
Photovoltaic system
Solar cell
Space-based solar power
References
Spacecraft components
Solar power
Photovoltaics
Solar power and space
Protesilaus stenodesmus is a species of butterfly of the family Papilionidae. It was first described by Walter Rothschild and Karl Jordan in 1906. It is found in south-eastern Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina.
Description
Antenna black. Frons laterally white. Forewing distally transparent, the bands thin, interspace between band 1 and 2 half as wide again as that between bands 2 and 3; hindwing longer than in Protesilaus protesilaus and Protesilaus telesilaus, usually slightly yellowish, strongly dentate, median band of the under surface somewhat curved, placed nearer to the extremity of the cell than in protesilaus and telesilaus. Dorsal edge of the harpe not dilated.
Status
A common species, usually mistaken for Protesilaus protesilaus and P. telesilaus.
References
External links
butterfliesofamerica.com
Butterflies described in 1906
Papilionidae
The year 1682 in music involved some significant events.
Classical music
Heinrich Ignaz Franz von Biber – Plaudite tympana
Jacques Bittner – Pièces de luth
John Blow – Ode for New Year's Day
Marc-Antoine Charpentier
Quam dilecta, H.186
In nativitatem Domini canticum, H.393
Les plaisirs de Versailles, H.480
Andrea Grossi – Sonate a 2–5 instromenti
Johann Sigismund Kusser – Composition de musique suivant la méthode françoise
Carlo Mannelli – Sonate a tre, Op.2
Alessandro Melani – Concerti Spirituali, Op.3
Georg Muffat – , a collection of sonatas
Johann Rosenmüller – Sonatae à 2,3,4 e 5 stromenti da arco et altri
Robert de Visée –
Neu Leipziger Gesangbuch
Opera
Domenico Gabrielli – Flavio Cuniberto
Jean-Baptiste Lully – Persée
Births
January 17 – Jean-François Dandrieu, composer (died 1738)
April 3 – Johann Valentin Rathgeber, German composer (died 1750)
April 16 – Jean-Joseph Mouret, French composer (died 1738)
September 13 – Theodor Christlieb Reinhold, composer (died 1755)
Christian Ferdinand Abel, German violist (died 1761)
Santiago de Murcia, composer for guitar (died 1737)
Deaths
February 25 – Alessandro Stradella, Italian composer (born 1639; murdered)
Francis Sempill, Scottish writer of ballads (born c.1616)
References
17th century in music
Music by year
Sarıhalil, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Metropolitans may refer to:
Sports
New York Metropolitans (1880–1887), a New York baseball team
New York Mets (1962–present), a Major League Baseball team
Seattle Metropolitans (1915–1924), a Seattle ice hockey team
Bydgoszcz–Toruń Metropolitans (BiT Mets) (2012–present), a Bydgoszcz-Toruń bi-polar agglomeration American football reserve team of Angels Toruń and Bydgoszcz Archers
Metropolitans 92, a basketball team currently playing in France's top men's division, LNB Pro A
Other uses
Metropolia, or metropolis, Christian term for the jurisdiction under a Metropolitan bishop, who might also be known as a Metropolitan.
See also
Metropolitan (disambiguation)
Ekaterina Svirina () is a Russian former ice dancer. She is the 1993 World Junior champion with Sergei Sakhnovski. With later partner Vladimir Leliukh, she is the 1996 Nebelhorn Trophy champion.
Results
With Sakhnovski
With Leliukh
References
Navigation
Russian female ice dancers
Living people
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Goodwill Games medalists in figure skating
Year of birth missing (living people)
Competitors at the 1994 Goodwill Games
Virginia Claire Wigmore (born 6 June 1986) is a New Zealand singer and songwriter. Featured on the Smashproof single "Brother" in 2009, Wigmore went on to release four albums Holy Smoke (2009), Gravel & Wine (2011), Blood to Bone (2015) and Ivory (2018), with the first three having been chart-toppers on the New Zealand Albums Chart. She is known for her high pitched and raspy voice.
Career
International Songwriting Competition
Inspired by David Gray's album White Ladder, Wigmore wrote her first song, "Angelfire", at the age of 14. Two years later her father died of cancer and Wigmore stopped writing and playing music. She went to Argentina on an exchange program to teach at a kindergarten. On her return to New Zealand, she wrote "Hallelujah", a tribute to her father. Her sister entered the song in the US-based International Songwriting Competition in 2004, and Wigmore beat 11,000 songwriting aspirants from 77 countries to become the youngest and only unsigned Grand Prize winner in the history of the competition. She also won the Teen category with "Angelfire".
Hallelujah was my way of telling my family I had dealt with dad's passing and honestly, I didn't want to share these feelings with anyone else. I wanted the moment for myself and my family.
— Gin Wigmore
Extended Play
Extended Play was Wigmore's first EP. It was produced by Tony Buchen (Blue King Brown, The Whitlams, Macromantics, Kid Confucius) and contains the tracks "Hallelujah", "These Roses", "SOS", "Under My Skin", and "Easy Come Easy Go". Australian musician John Butler played ukulele on song "SOS". Released in 2008, the EP peaked at number ten in the New Zealand charts. It was certified Platinum in New Zealand on 2 May 2010, selling over 15,000 copies.
Extended Play was released in Australia on 2 August 2008 by Island Records. Wigmore was the first artist signed with Island Records, a partner company with Universal Music Group, Australia. She toured with Australian artist Pete Murray on his national tour in August/September 2008. Wigmore toured in 2008, including at the Cross-Town Revue in Auckland, and in December 2008, toured with musicians John Mellencamp and Sheryl Crow in New Zealand. Her hit single "Under My Skin" was featured on an Air New Zealand advertising campaign, Nothing to Hide.
Wigmore featured in the 2009 song and video of "Brother" by new group Smashproof, also from Auckland.
Holy Smoke
In 2009, Wigmore released her debut full-length album Holy Smoke, recorded with The Cardinals of Ryan Adams & the Cardinals fame. The first single from the album, "Oh My", debuted on the New Zealand Singles Chart at number twenty-one on 24 August 2009, moving to number seven the following week. It peaked at number four.
Three other singles were released during 2010, "I Do" charted at no. 14 on the Official New Zealand Singles Chart, while third single "Hey Ho" missed out on a top 20 position by charting just outside at no. 21. The fourth single taken from Holy Smoke was "Too Late For Lovers", and despite hitting no. 3 on the NZ40 Airplay chart, the single failed to crack the national Top 40. During the week of 30 May 2010, all four of Wigmore's singles from Holy Smoke appeared on the NZ40 Airplay Chart 'Too Late For Lovers' #7, 'Oh My' #23, 'Hey Ho' #24, 'I Do' #37
The single "Oh My" is the theme track for the series The Almighty Johnsons. Wigmore's single "Hey Ho" appeared during the closing scenes of the Weeds Season 6 Finale. In September 2011, Home Improvement Retailer Lowe's began a new brand campaign featuring Wigmore's single "Don't Stop". Her song "Stealing Happiness" appeared in the TV movie "Tangiwai".
Gravel & Wine
Wigmore travelled for two months in Mississippi and Alabama to get a Southern United States inspiration for her second album which would be recorded in California under producer Butch Walker. In September 2011, Wigmore revealed the title and release of her new album Gravel & Wine on her official Facebook page. The first single "Black Sheep" was released 26 September 2011, debuting at #13 in the Official New Zealand Music Chart. The album was released on 7 November 2011. It debuted atop the New Zealand charts, and at #29 on the Australian Albums Chart. Wigmore also released music videos for "Man Like That" and "If Only".
"Black Sheep" appeared in episode 12, season 8 of television series Grey's Anatomy, in episode 2, season 2 of Teen Wolf, in episode 5, season 5 of The Good Wife, and in episode 1 season 1 of Wynonna Earp. She appeared singing it on Gift of Revenge, a segment of ABC's television show Revenge season 2, episode 7. The song was also used in television commercials for Guinness Black Lager and Nissan Rogue Midnight Edition (2017) in the United States.
"Kill of the Night" was also featured during season 2 of Teen Wolf, along with the series Pretty Little Liars and 666 Park Avenue, and AMC during its annual airing of Halloween movies and shows titled FearFest.The track was also the theme song to the 2016 E4 and Netflix mini series Crazyhead. Commercials with the song include Alfa Romeo in Australia, Nationwide Insurance in the United States, and a worldwide short by Johnnie Walker.
Wigmore was featured in a Skyfall tie-in commercial from Heineken performing the song "Man Like That", which also featured James Bond portrayer Daniel Craig and Bond girl Bérénice Marlohe.
Gravel & Wine was released in the U.S. on 2 April 2013, and Wigmore appeared on the entire 2013 Vans Warped Tour.
Blood to Bone
On 14 August 2014, Wigmore had confirmed she had begun studio production on her third LP. Throughout 15 to 22 August, Wigmore had worked in West Hollywood. But on 25 August 2014, Wigmore posted a picture of the beginning of her thirteen-day studio work at Blakeslee Recording Studios in North Hollywood, California. Stephen Rusch is engineering the album. On 29 January 2015, Wigmore posted the album cover and title of her the third LP, Blood to Bone, which was scheduled for release by Island Records on 26 June 2015. It was Wigmore's third straight chart-topper in New Zealand, and also debuted at #13 at the ARIA Charts, her biggest Australian performance. In the United States, Blood to Bone came out in August, and entered the Billboard Alternative Albums chart the following month.
Her song "New Rush" was featured on the soundtrack of FIFA 16. On 6 June 2015, she released a new promotional single entitled "Willing To Die" featuring the American rapper Logic & the Australian rapper Suffa of The Hilltop Hoods. The song samples the Alan Lomax recording "Rosie", which David Guetta also sampled on his track "Hey Mama", released in March 2015.
Ivory
On 2 September 2016, Wigmore announced on Facebook she had begun work on her fourth studio album. Later on 3 November, Wigmore dropped "Dirty Mercy", the lead single from her upcoming fourth album, which she had expected to release in 2017. Wigmore said that she started working in May, and soon came up with ten new songs, while described the album as "a very eclectic mash of styles as I seem to struggle at settling for one particular genre of music with my albums." Also in November, Wigmore started another North American tour, beginning at the Corona Capital festival in Mexico City, and extending to cities in the United States up until December.
In 2017, she was a presenter at TEDxScottBase, filmed in New Zealand's Antarctic research facility. There Wigmore revealed another new song, "Thoughts of You".
On 26 June, Wigmore released the album's second single "Hallow Fate". The song was inspired by an artist's individuality in the music industry. Later in the summer she released the promotional single, "Beatnik Trip"
On 16 November, Wigmore released the promotional single "Cabrona", along with the announcement that her fourth album was titled Ivory. Released in April 2018, the album was named after Wigmore's son, even if all the songs were written prior to his birth.
Others
In addition, Gin has collaborated with Air New Zealand, with songs such as "Tomorrow" on the "Where to Next" ad campaign; her hit single, "Under My Skin", for "Nothing to Hide"; and, most recently, her rendition of My Little Corner of the World on the "a Fantastical Journey" flight safety video in 2017.
Personal life
Wigmore was born in Auckland, New Zealand to Peter and Adrienne Wigmore. She has two older siblings: brother Oliver Wigmore and sister Lucy Wigmore, a professional actress known for starring as Justine Jones in the long-running New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street and a role in Underbelly: Razor. She married Jason Butler, ex-lead singer of the band Letlive and currently lead singer of Fever 333, during a private ceremony in Hawaii in September 2014. The couple's first child, Pascal Nashoba Butler, was born on 7 September 2017. Her second son, Izaiah River Butler, was born on 20 March 2020.
Wigmore is vegetarian and, in 2015, was shortlisted for SAFE's "New Zealand's Hottest Vegetarians" award.
Wigmore and her husband reside in Palm Springs, California, where they operate a boutique hotel.
Tours
Tour with Jimmy Barnes (2009)
Holy Smoke Tour (2010)
The Grave Train National Tour (2010)
Gin Wigmore (2011)
The Winery Tour (2012)
Vans Warped Tour – United States (2013)
Homegrown Festival NZ (2014)
New Rush NZ Tour (2015)
Blood to Bone Tour (2015)
Willing to Die U.S. Tour (2016)
Let it Ride U.S. Tour (2016)
Ivory U.S. Tour (2018)
Ivory NZ Tour (2019)
Gin Wigmore with Tami Neilson and Hollie Smith — New Zealand (2020)
Summer Concert Tour NZ (2021)
Peachy Keen Festival (2021)
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
"—" denotes releases that did not chart or were not released in that territory.
Singles
Notes
As featured artist
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Gin Wigmore official website
Interview with New Zealand's Sunday Star Times
Island Records
Radio NZ interview with Kim Hill
1986 births
Living people
Alternative rock musicians
Women rock singers
Island Records artists
New Zealand women pop singers
New Zealand women singer-songwriters
People from Auckland
Pop rock singers
21st-century New Zealand women singers
Dangerbird Records artists
Bach v Longman 2 Cowper 623 (1777) is a landmark judgment regarding copyright. The case related to whether printed music fell within the protection of the Statute of Anne (1710). Lord Mansfield held that published music is protected as 'writing' within the terms of the legislation.
Johann Christian Bach and Karl Friedrich Abel sued publisher James Longman who had been violating the copyright of their works in London.
The only copyright legislation at the time was the Statute of Anne, which was assumed not to cover music.
However, the judge, Lord Mansfield, found that the Statute's preamble referred to "books and other writings." This he felt included written music. His decision allowed for a spate of further cases and a more stable performing environment that allowed the growth of freelance musicians in the 18th century.
Further reading
Sanjek, R., American Popular Music and Its Business: The First Four A Hundred Years, 3 vols. (New York and Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1988)
Hunter, D., 'Music Copyright in Britain to 1800', Music & Letters, 67 (1986): 269–82 (273)
Carroll, M., 'The Struggle for Music Copyright', Florida Law Review, 57 (2005): 907–61
References
Copyright case law
Court of King's Bench (England) cases
1777 in British law
1777 in England
The Piano Sonata in B-flat major, K. 498a (Anh. 136), is a piano sonata in four movements. It was first printed in 1798 by P. J. Thonus in Leipzig on behalf of Breitkopf & Härtel and attributed to Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; an edition printed in c. 1805 already credited it as opus 26 of the Thomascantor August Eberhard Müller (1767–1817). Some publications still attribute it to Mozart, often as Piano Sonata No. 20.
Form
A typical performance lasts for about 19 minutes. The movements are:
The musicologist Alfred Einstein suggested that the Menuetto from this work might be a piano arrangement of the "missing movement" of Mozart's Eine kleine Nachtmusik, K. 525 (1787).
The Andante is an arrangement of the variations movement of the concerto K. 450 in B-flat major, and the Rondo incorporates arrangements of passages from the finales of the B-flat concerti K. 450, K. 456, and K. 595.
Recordings
Vincenzo Balzani: Pagine rare per pianoforte / Wolfgango Amadeo Mozart (1980), Ducale CD 349/350
Transcription for chamber string orchestra recorded by the Hanover Band, Nimbus CD NI5228
See also
Piano Sonata in F major, K. 547a (Mozart)
References
External links
Piano Sonata 498a
Compositions in B-flat major
Compositions by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart published posthumously
Mozart: spurious and doubtful works
"Make It Right" is a song recorded by the British singer, Lisa Stansfield, for the 1994 soundtrack to the American drama series, Beverly Hills, 90210. It was written by Rhett Lawrence, Crystal Bernard and Suzie Benson, and produced by Lawrence and Ian Devaney.
Release
It was released as a promotional single in the United States on 5 September 1994. Therefore, it was not eligible to chart on the Billboard Hot 100. However, "Make It Right" reached number forty-six on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart and sixty four on the Hot R&B Singles chart. The CD single was released in Germany on 2 October 1994 but failed to chart because of lack of promotion and no music video. "Make It Right" was also issued as a mini CD single in Japan on 23 November 1994. The song was remixed by R. Kelly, Kenny "Dope" Gonzalez and Rhett Lawrence. "Make It Right" was not included on any of Stansfield's albums.
Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard described the song as a "Stansfield jam that is stronger than anything she has offered in a long while." He noted that she "excels amid a flurry of jack/funk beats and whispery backing vocals. Her fluid vocal tones flow freely over a hummable melody." Dave Sholin from the Gavin Report commented, "School's almost in session, and it coincides with release of the sequel to the Beverly Hills 90210 Soundtrack: Volume 2 The College Years. Lisa Stansfield is a brilliant choice to pair with this song. R. Kelly's re-mix is the one for Top 40."
Track listings
German CD maxi single
"Make It Right" (Album Version) – 3:57
"Make It Right" (R. Kelly Remix) – 4:04
"Make It Right" (R. Kelly Groove Remix) – 3:42
"Make It Right" (R. Kelly Extended Groove Remix) – 5:19
"Make It Right" (Rhetro G-Mix) – 4:16
Japanese CD single
"Make It Right" (R. Kelly Remix) – 4:04
"Make It Right" (R. Kelly Extended Groove Remix) – 5:19
US promotional CD single
"Make It Right" (Album Version) – 3:57
"Make It Right" (Alternate Bridge) – 3:57
US promotional CD maxi single
"Make It Right" (Kenny Dope Remix) – 3:58
"Make It Right" (Kenny Dope Extended Remix) – 5:58
"Make It Right" (Single Version) – 3:57
"Make It Right" (R. Kelly Remix) – 4:04
"Make It Right" (R. Kelly Extended Groove Remix) – 5:19
"Make It Right" (Rhetro G-Mix) – 4:16
Charts
References
Lisa Stansfield songs
1994 singles
Songs written by Rhett Lawrence
Songs written by Crystal Bernard
1994 songs
Song recordings produced by Rhett Lawrence
Ukrainian Football Amateur League 2001 was the sixth season of the national amateur football competition in Ukraine since their reorganization in 1997.
Overview and format
This season competition consisted of four stages with 35 teams participating. First two stages were organized in regional principal in groups of four or five and were played in two rounds where each team could play another at its home ground. The semifinals and finals, on the other hand, were played in one round. During the season several teams withdrew, while others successfully applied for a professional status.
On the first stage each group winners and their immediate runners-up were to advance to the next part of the competition. Due to few teams joining the professional competition the format was adjusted and to the second stage only eleven teams advanced. The second stage was split in four groups where first two places were advancing to the semifinals. The semifinals, in their turn, were split in two groups where first two teams were advancing to the winners final of four and the last two teams—to the losers final of four. The finals were cut short as Shakhtar Luhansk earned the maximum points after just two games and thus securing the season's title with the.
Note: ZALK stands for the Zaporzhian Aliuminum Plant (Kombinat in Ukrainian).
KZEZO stands for the Kakhovkan Factory (Zavod) of Electro-Welding Equipment (Elektro-Zvariuvalnoho Obladnannia).
Teams
Location map
First stage
Teams that applied to the 2001-02 Second League discontinuing their further participation in the competition: SKA-Orbita Lviv, Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk, and Dnister Ovidiopol.
Group A
Group B
Note: SKA-Orbita Lviv decided to join Druha Liha.Sokil Radyvyliv withdrew.
Group C
Group D
Group E
Note: Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk decided to join Druha Liha.SVKh Danika Simferopol and KDPU Mekhanizator Komyshuvate withdrew. KDPU Mekhanizator Komyshuvate results were annulled.
Group F
Note: Olympik Kharkiv withdrew and its results were annulled.Batkivschyna Kryvyi Rih qualified for the Second Stage, but later withdrew.
Group G
Note: Ekina Almazna withdrew and its results were annulled.
Group H
Second stage
Group 1
Group 2
Note: Yavir VolynLis Tsuman withdrew and its results were annulled.
Group 3
Note: Zemliak Myrhorod replaced Batkivschyna Kryvyi Rih.
Group 4
Note: Tyras-2500 Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi withdrew.
Semifinals
Group 1
Group 2
Final Group
Note: No further games were necessary as the champion was identified.
A permission to apply for the Second League for the next 2002-03 season was granted to Shakhtar Luhansk, Vuhlyk Dymytrov, and Systema-KKhP Cherniakhiv.
Ukrainian Football Amateur League seasons
Amateur
Amateur
Jacquelynne Sue Eccles (born 1944) is an American educational psychologist. She is the Distinguished Professor of Education at the University of California, Irvine and formerly the McKeachie/Pintrich Distinguished University Professor of Psychology and Education at the University of Michigan.
Career
Eccles holds a Ph.D. from University of California, Los Angeles. Her work has focused on topics related to social development, student motivation, and gender roles in education. Among her most noteworthy research contributions are the expectancy-value theory of motivation and the concept of stage-environment fit.
Honors and awards
She received the Kurt Lewin Memorial Award in 1999, the James McKeen Cattell Fellow Award in 1996 and the E. L. Thorndike Award in 2005. She was awarded the APA Distinguished Scientific Award for the Applications of Psychology from the American Psychological Association in 2017.
Selected publications
Eccles, J. S., Midgley, C., Wigfield, A., Buchanan, C. M., Reuman, D., Flanagan, C., & Mac Iver, D. (1993). "Development during adolescence: The impact of stage-environment fit on young adolescents' experiences in schools and in families". American Psychologist, 48(2), 90.
Eccles, J. S., & Barber, B. L. (1999). "Student council, volunteering, basketball, or marching band what kind of extracurricular involvement matters?". Journal of Adolescent Research, 14(1), 10–43.
Wigfield, A., & Eccles, J. S. (2000). "Expectancy–value theory of achievement motivation". Contemporary Educational Psychology, 25(1), 68–81.
Eccles, J. S., & Wigfield, A. (2002). "Motivational beliefs, values, and goals". Annual Review of Psychology, 53(1), 109–132.
References
University of Michigan faculty
American women psychologists
American psychologists
1944 births
Living people
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
American women academics
21st-century American women
The Epigoni (, Epigonoi, "progeny") is an ancient Greek tragedy written by the Greek playwright Sophocles in the 5th century BC and based on Greek mythology.
According to myth, Polynices and the Seven against Thebes attacked Thebes because Polynices' brother, Eteocles, refused to give up the throne as promised. All but one (Adrastus) of the seven would-be conquerors were killed. Their children swore vengeance and attacked Thebes. This was called the war of the Epigonoi ("the offspring, the next generation"); the story had been told, before Sophocles, in the lost epic Epigonoi. These Epigonoi defeated and killed (or drove out) Laodamas, son of Eteocles, and conquered Thebes, installing Thersander on the throne. All of the Epigonoi but Aegialeus, the son of Adrastus, or else Alcmaeon, son of Amphiaraus, survived this battle.
Amphiaraus had known that the attack against Thebes was doomed to fail and had not wanted to partake, but was coerced to do so by his wife Eriphyle, who had been bribed by Polynices. Amphiaraus had instructed his son Alcmaeon to avenge him against his mother, and Alcmaeon killed her, either before or after the war of the Epigonoi, depending on the version of the myth. Alcmaeon was then pursued by the Erinyes, similar to the fate of Orestes after killing his mother Clytemnestra.
The play was lost for centuries, except for a few fragments, but in April 2005, classicists at Oxford University, employing infrared technology previously used for satellite imaging, discovered additional fragments of it. The fragment translates to the following:
Speaker A: … gobbling the whole, sharpening the flashing iron.
Speaker B: And the helmets are shaking their purple-dyed crests, and for the wearers of breast-plates the weavers are striking up the wise shuttle's songs, that wakes up those who are asleep.
Speaker A: And he is gluing together the chariot's rail.
Several fragments had been definitively assigned to Epigoni prior to this find. One was translated by Hugh Lloyd-Jones as "Most calamitous of sons, what a word have you uttered." This was apparently stated by Eriphyle to Alcmaeon shortly before he killed her. Another fragment has a similar theme: "O woman whose shamelessness has stopped at nothing and has gone yet further, no other evil is or ever will be worse than a woman who was born to give pain to mortals."
Another fragment presents an exchange between Alcmaeon and Adrastus, Eriphyle's brother and thus Alcmaeon's uncle. In this exchange Alcmaeon remarks that Adrastus "is the brother of a woman who killed her husband." Adrastus retorts by accusing Alcmaeon of murdering "the mother who gave [him] birth." A remark in Philodemus' book about music leads scholars to believe that the dispute between Alcmaeon and Adrastus was somehow resolved through the power of music.
Another fragment posits the view that "for victims of envy find that ill repute wins out over shameful rather than over honorable actions." And an additional fragment notes that someone (unnamed in the fragment) will no longer live in Argos.
In addition to the fragments assigned to Epigoni, there are seven extant fragments assigned to a play by Sophocles entitled Eriphyle. Many scholars believe that Eriphyle is just an alternate title for Epigoni, in which case these seven fragments would apply to Epigoni. These fragments include such advice as (again as translated by Lloyd-Jones) "Maintain restraint in speech, as it is proper to old age," and "The only possessions that are permanent are those of excellence." However, it is possible that Eriphyle is a separate play from Epigoni, in which case it is possible that both were part of a connected trilogy, with the other tragic play in the trilogy being Alcmaeon and the satyr play being Amphiaraus.
There are other fragments that may belong to Epigoni but are uncertain. For example, a one sentence fragment of Sophocles (fragment 958) telling of the death of Amphiaraus – that the ground of Thebes opened up to receive him and his arms and his horses and chariot – has been variously assigned to Epigoni, Eriphyle, Alcmaeon or to Amphiaraus.
References
Plays by Sophocles
Seven against Thebes
Lost plays
Sardarabad () may refer to:
Places
Sardarabad, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari, Iran
Sardarabad, East Azerbaijan, Iran
Sardarabad, Gilan, Iran
Sardarabad, Hamadan, Iran
Sardarabad, Razan, Hamadan Province, Iran
Sardarabad, Kermanshah, Iran
Sardarabad, Andika, Khuzestan Province, Iran
Sardarabad, Shushtar, Khuzestan Province, Iran
Sardarabad, Delfan, Lorestan Province, Iran
Sardarabad, Khorramabad, Lorestan Province, Iran
Sardarabad, Markazi, Iran
Sardarabad, North Khorasan, Iran
Sardarabad, West Azerbaijan, Iran
Sardarabad Rural District, in Khuzestan Province, Iran
Media
Sardarabad (weekly), Armenian weekly published in Spanish and Armenian in Buenos Aires, Argentina
See also
Sardarapat (disambiguation), places in Armenia
The Barbados Royals are a women's cricket team that compete in the Women's Caribbean Premier League and The 6ixty, representing Barbados. The formation of the team was announced in March 2022, aligned with the equivalent men's team, playing their first match in August 2022.
The team's first squad was announced in June 2022, with the side captained by Hayley Matthews. The side won the inaugural edition of The 6ixty.
History
On 14 March 2022, Cricket West Indies announced their intention to hold the first Women's Caribbean Premier League, to run alongside the men's tournament, which began in 2013. Barbados Royals were one of three teams announced to be taking part in the tournament, aligned with one of the men's teams. The team's squad was announced on 16 June 2022, with Hayley Matthews announced as captain of the team. The inaugural Women's Caribbean Premier League is scheduled to begin on 31 August 2022.
On 22 June 2022, it was announced that a T10 tournament would precede the Women's CPL, taking place from 24 to 28 August, known as The 6ixty and involving the three teams competing in the main tournament. The side won the inaugural edition of The 6ixty, qualifying second in the group stage before beating Trinbago Knight Riders in the final by 15 runs. The side finished second in the initial group stage of the inaugural Women's Caribbean Premier League, before losing to Trinbago Knight Riders in the final by 10 runs.
Players
Current squad
As per 2022 season. Players in bold have international caps.
Seasons
The 6ixty
Women's Carribean Priemer League
See also
Barbados Royals
Barbados women's national cricket team
References
Cricket in Barbados
Women's Caribbean Premier League teams
Cricket clubs established in 2022
Kaya (Turkish: Rock) is designed and developed by Otokar as a mine-protected vehicle (MRAP). It is based on the proven Unimog 500 chassis for high level cross-country mobility.
Otokar Kaya comes in two primary variants:
The first being the armoured personnel carrier (APC) with armoured driver's cabin in the front and armoured troop compartment in the back that can carry 10 fully equipped soldiers. Due to its flexible design, the APC variant can be adapted into an ambulance or a command post vehicle.
The second variant is a cargo carrier with protected driver's cabin but without the troop compartment in the back, instead having an unprotected flatbed cargo area.
External links
Otokar
Armoured cars
Armoured fighting vehicles of Turkey
Kaya
is a retired Japanese amateur boxer. He won a bronze medal at the 1974 Asian Games and competed at the 1976 Olympics, where he was eliminated in the first bout.
1976 Olympic results
Below is the record of Noboru Uchiyama, a Japanese light flyweight boxer who competed at the 1976 Montreal Olympics:
Round of 32: lost to Brendan Dunne (Ireland) referee stopped contest in the second round
References
1954 births
Living people
Boxers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Japan
Japanese male boxers
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Japan
Boxers at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Light-flyweight boxers
Lars-Börje "Bulan" Eriksson (born 21 October 1966) is a Swedish former alpine skier. He surprisingly won a bronze medal in the super-G competition at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. Later he also won two World Cup victories, one in super-G and one in giant slalom. He finished his skiing career in 1992, after having struggled with an injury from a bone fracture during downhill training in the 1991 World Championships.
World Cup victories
References
1966 births
Swedish male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Sweden
Medalists at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in alpine skiing
Olympic bronze medalists for Sweden
People from Åre Municipality
Living people
Sportspeople from Jämtland County
Eching am Ammersee is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany. It has a size of 6.15km2.
Situated at the northern shore of the Ammersee at an elevation of 541m, it borders the Naturschutzgebiet "Ampermoos" and the wooded recreation area "Weingarten".
Districts
Eching
Gießübl
History
Eching belonged to the Electorate of Bavaria and was part of the Hofmark Greifenberg of the Freiherrn von Perfall. Its current form was established in the Gemeindeedikt of 1818.
Population
Politics
Mayor
Mayor since May 1996 is Siegfried Luge (CSU) (born 1943). The last election was on 15 March 2020.
Town Council
For the first time after 36 years CSU and the local grouping "Bürgerblock" had separate lists in the election. The "Bürgerblock" won 9 seats, CSU won 3.
References
Landsberg (district)
Ammersee
Day of Wrath () is a 1943 Danish drama film directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and starring Lisbeth Movin, Thorkild Roose and Preben Lerdorff Rye. It is an adaptation of the 1909 play Anne Pedersdotter by Hans Wiers-Jenssen, based on a 16th century Norwegian case. The film tells the story of a young woman who is forced into a marriage with an elderly pastor after her late mother was accused of witchcraft. She falls in love with the pastor's son and also comes under suspicion of witchcraft.
The film was produced during the Nazi Occupation of Denmark, and Dreyer left the country for Sweden after its release. It has received very positive reviews, despite initial criticisms for slow pacing.
Plot
In a Danish village in 1623, an old woman known as Herlof's Marte is accused of witchcraft. Anne, a young woman, is married to the aged local pastor, Absalon Pedersson, who is involved with the trials of witches, and they live in a house shared with his strict, domineering mother Meret. Meret does not approve of Anne, who is much younger than her husband, being about the same age as the son from his first marriage. Anne gives Herlof's Marte refuge, but Marte is soon discovered in the house, though she is presumed to have hidden herself there without assistance. Herlof's Marte knows that Anne's mother, already dead at the time of the events depicted, had been accused of witchcraft as well, and had been spared thanks to Absalon's intervention, who aimed at marrying young Anne. Anne is thus informed by Herlof's Marte of her mother's power over people's life and death and becomes intrigued in the matter.
Absalon's son from his first marriage, Martin, returns home from abroad and he and Anne are immediately attracted to each other. She does not love her husband and thinks he does not love her. Under torture, Herlof's Marte confesses to witchcraft, defined among other evidence as wishing for the death of other people. She threatens to expose Anne if Absalon does not rescue her from a guilty verdict, begging him to save her as he saved Anne's mother. Marte, after pleading with Absalon a second time, does not betray his secret and is executed by burning with the villagers looking on. Absalon feels his guilt over having saved Anne's mother, but leaving Marte to burn. Anne and Martin, clandestinely growing closer, are seen as having changed in recent days, fueling Meret's suspicion of Anne's character. Anne is heard laughing in Martin's company by her husband, something which has not occurred in their time together. Absalon regrets that he married Anne without regarding her feelings and true intentions, and tells her so, apologizing for stealing her youth and happiness.
A violent storm erupts while Absalon is away visiting a dying young parishioner, Laurentius. He had been cursed by Herlof's Marte during her interrogation and she foretold an imminent death. Meanwhile, Anne and Martin are discussing the future, and she is forced to admit wishing her husband dead, but only as an "if" rather than it actually happening. At that moment Absalon, on his way home, feels "like the touching of Death itself." On Absalon's return, Anne confesses her love for Martin to her husband and tells him she wishes him dead. He collapses and dies, calling Martin's name. Anne screams. The following morning Martin is overcome by his own doubts. Anne declares that she had nothing to do with his father's death, which she sees as providential help from above to release her from her present misery and unhappy marriage. At Absalon's funeral, Anne is denounced by Meret, her mother-in-law, as a witch. Anne initially denies the charge, but when Martin sides with his grandmother she is faced with the loss of his love and trust, and she confesses on her husband's open coffin that she murdered him and enchanted his son with the Devil's help. Her fate appears sealed.
Cast
Production
Day of Wrath was Dreyer's first film since Vampyr (1932). He had spent the previous eleven years working as a journalist and unsuccessfully attempting to launch such film projects as an adaptation of Madame Bovary, a documentary on Africa and a film about Mary Stuart.
Dreyer had first seen Wiers-Jenssen's play Anne Pedersdotter in 1925 and had wanted to adapt it to the screen for several years. It differs slightly from the original play, such as the scene where Anne and Martin first meet and kiss. In Wiers-Jenssen's play they are hesitant and shy, while in Dreyer's film they are bluntly sexual.
Dreyer's producers had wanted him to cast Eyvind Johan-Svendsen in the role of Absalon, but Dreyer thought the actor was too much of "a Renaissance man" and preferred to cast an actor that could project the austerity that he wanted. Lisbeth Movin was cast after being asked to meet with Dreyer. She was not allowed to wear any make-up, with Dreyer preferring the realistic look.
In one scene, Anna Svierkier's character is burnt at the stake. To depict it, Svierkier was tied to a wooden ladder, and Dreyer left her there while the rest of the cast and crew went for lunch, over the objections of Preben Lerdorff Rye and Thorkild Roose. When they returned, Svierkier was perspiring profusely, which is visible in the film.
Although both this film and most of Dreyer's other films have been criticized as being too slow, Dreyer explained that neither his pacing nor his editing were slow, but that the movements of the characters on the screen were slow in order to build tension.
Release
The film premiered at the World Cinema in Copenhagen on 13 November 1943. Dreyer always denied the film as being analogous to persecution of Jews. However, on the advice of many of his friends he left Denmark on the pretext of selling Day of Wrath in foreign markets and spent the rest of the war in Sweden shortly after the film's release.
The film premiered in the United States in April 1948. In Region 1, The Criterion Collection released the film on DVD in 2001, in a boxset with Dreyer's Ordet (1955) and Gertrud (1964).
Reception
On its Copenhagen release, it received poor reviews and was unsuccessful financially, with many Danes complaining about the film's slow pace. It later gained a better critical reputation after World War II. Many Danes saw a parallel between the witch burning and the persecution of Jews during the Nazi occupation, which had begun on 29 August. While Dreyer denied the film was about the Nazis, during the war it had resonated with the Danish resistance movement.
The film also received negative criticism in the United States in 1948. Variety wrote that "the picture is tedious to the extreme," and that its "chief trouble lies in the gratingly plodding pace. And the heavy story, unlightened by the slightest sign of comedy relief." Bosley Crowther of The New York Times called the film "slow and monotonous" despite having "intellectual force."
However, from some reviewers, the film received immediate praise. The New Yorker called the film "one of the best ever made." A. Bertrand Channon called the film a "masterpiece" that will be "discussed long after Greer Garson, Bette Davis, and Ida Lupino have joined the company of Ruth Chatterton, Norma Talmadge, and Norma Shearer." Life magazine called it "one of the most remarkable movies of recent years" and noted that a campaign by a group of critics led to the film being shown again four months later in August 1948.
Years after its release, film critic Robin Wood called it "Dreyer's richest work...because it expresses most fully the ambiguities inherent in his vision of the world." Jean Semolue said that "the interest in Dreyer's films resides not in the depiction of events, nor the predetermined characters, but in the depiction of the changes wrought on characters by events.
Critic Jonathan Rosenbaum wrote that "Day of Wrath may be the greatest film ever made about living under totalitarian rule" and believed it was an influence on the play The Crucible by Arthur Miller. It is often cited in Denmark as the greatest Danish film. Currently, the film has a 100% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 25 reviews, with a weighted average of 8.68/10. The site's consensus reads: "Beautifully filmed and rich with period detail, Day of Wrath peers into the past to pose timelessly thought-provoking questions about intolerance and societal mores".
References
Bibliography
External links
Figuring Out Day of Wrath an essay by Jonathan Rosenbaum at the Criterion Collection
1943 films
1940s historical drama films
Adultery in films
Danish black-and-white films
Danish Culture Canon
Danish films based on plays
Danish historical drama films
1940s Danish-language films
Films about capital punishment
Films about witchcraft
Films directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer
Films scored by Poul Schierbeck
Films set in Denmark
Films set in the 1620s
Incest in film
Witch hunting in fiction
1943 drama films
WR 124 is a Wolf–Rayet star in the constellation of Sagitta surrounded by a ring nebula of expelled material known as M1-67. It is one of the fastest runaway stars in the Milky Way with a radial velocity around . It was discovered by Paul W. Merrill in 1938, identified as a high-velocity Wolf–Rayet star. It is listed in the General Catalogue of Variable Stars as QR Sagittae with a range of 0.08 magnitudes.
Distance
A 2010 study of WR 124 directly measured the expansion rate of the M1-67 nebula expelled from the star using Hubble Space Telescope camera images taken 11 years apart, and compared that to the expansion velocity measured by the Doppler shift of the nebular emission lines. This yielded a distance of , which is less than previous studies, and the resulting luminosity of 150,000 times the Sun () is much lower than previously calculated. The luminosity is also lower than predicted by models for a star of this spectral class. Previous studies had found distances of to , with corresponding luminosities of , as expected for a typical WN8h which is a very young star just moving away from the main sequence. The distance to WR 124 calculated from the parallax published in Gaia Data Release 2 is . Gaia Early Data Release 3 gives a similar parallax, which would suggest a distance .
Physical characteristics
With an assumed visual absolute magnitude of −7.22 and 3.1 magnitudes of extinction, WR 124 would be away. The temperature of around means that most of its energy is emitted at ultraviolet wavelengths, the bolometric luminosity is and the radius is . The mass is calculated from evolutionary models to be .
WR 124 is measured to still be about 15% hydrogen with most of the remaining mass being helium. A young highly massive and luminous WN8h star would still be burning hydrogen in its core, but a less luminous and older star would be burning helium in its core. The result of modelling the star purely from its observed characteristics is a luminosity of and a mass of , corresponding to a relatively young hydrogen-burning star at around . In either case, it has only a few hundred thousand years before it explodes as a type Ib or Ic supernova.
The mass loss rate is – per year, depending on the distance and properties determined for the star.
Nebula
WR 124 is surrounded by an intensely hot nebula formed from the star's extreme stellar wind. The nebula M1-67 is expanding at a rate of over and is nearly 6 light-years across, leading to the dynamical age of 20,000 years. M1-67 has little internal structure, though large clumps of material have been detected, some of which have 30 times the mass of Earth and stretch out up to . If placed in the Solar System, one of these clumps would span the distance from the Sun to Saturn.
External links
http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/ap981109.html
http://hubblesite.org/newscenter/archive/releases/1998/38/image/a
References
Wolf–Rayet stars
Runaway stars
Sagitta (constellation)
Sagittae, QR
Merrill's star
094289
The Australian Tapestry Workshop (formerly known as the Victorian Tapestry Workshop) is a not-for-profit organisation that employs weavers to create tapestry pieces and promotes tapestry creation though collaboration with contemporary artists. Founding director of the workshop, Sue Walker, described role of the workshop to be "the fostering of artistic collaboration rather than the development of a subservient technical skill".
History
Established in 1976 as the Victorian Tapestry Workshop, the Australian Tapestry Workshop was the product of years of research and planning by Lady Joyce Delacombe and Dame Elisabeth Murdoch supported by Premier and self-appointed Minister for the Arts Rupert Hamer. The two women formed a committee to explore the feasibility of the workshop in 1974 beginning with a study of the local art scene and including research into the methods employed by overseas tapestry workshops. It was agreed that if such a place were to exist in Australia it would have to engage weaver's artistic as well as their technical abilities. The workshop was modelled on the Dovecot Studios in Edinburgh, Scotland, where artists and weavers collaborated to create tapestries. State funding was secured by June 1975 and the workshop was opened on 24 February 1976.
Name change
The name of the Victorian Tapestry Workshop was changed to the Australian Tapestry Workshop in 2010.
About
The Australian Tapestry Workshop employs weavers to create unique tapestry pieces using the traditional Gobelin technique of tapestry weaving. It has collaborated with over 300 artists since its conception and created over 400 tapestries.
The building
The Australian Tapestry Workshop building in South Melbourne, Victoria was constructed in 1885 by architect Thomas James Crouch of Crouch and Wilson, and updated by Peter Carmichael in 1976 and Peter Williams in 1999. It is a fine example of a Victorian Free Gothic style building and is included in the now defunct Register of the National Estate. The building originally served as drapery establishment Harcourt and Parry Emporium and the Patross Knitting Mills, the title of which is still painted on the façade.
Significant projects
In 1988 the Australian Tapestry Workshop worked with Arthur Boyd to create a 9.18 x 19.9 m tapestry for the Reception Hall of Parliament House in Canberra. It is currently the second largest tapestry in the world.
Some other notable collaborations between artists and the Australian Tapestry Workshop include the translation of works by John Coburn, Jon Cattapan, and John Olsen into tapestry.
References
Further reading
External links
Australian Tapestry Workshop - official site
Australian artisans
Non-profit organisations based in Victoria (Australia)
Tapestry artists
Textile arts of Australia
Textile arts organizations
The 1st Raider–Paratrooper Brigade "El Alamein" (, abbrev. 1η ΤΑΞ ΚΔ-ΑΛ), is a brigade-sized formation of elite Greek light infantry and special operations forces.
The formation is more commonly referred to as the Raider Forces (), and a soldier belonging to the Brigade a Raider ().
History
Sacred Squadron
The nucleus of the Raider units was the Sacred Squadron (Ieros Lochos), a Free Greek unit of commandos attached to the Allied 1st Special Air Service (1 SAS) Brigade during the Second World War. Its members consisted of mainly officers and NCOs who had fled to North Africa after the fall of Greece to Axis forces. After its formation in 1942, the Sacred Squadron, along with a unit of Free French troops and British commandos, formed the basis of L Detachment, a component of the SAS which specialised in hit-and-run raids on Axis airfields, ports and fuel dumps throughout North Africa.
The Sacred Squadron was later transferred to the Greek theatre of operations, where they recaptured several eastern Aegean islands from Axis forces. After the liberation of Greece from German occupation, a proposal was made for the reformation of the Hellenic Armed Forces under British guidance. This proposal included the establishment of a small, highly trained, special warfare unit.
Mountain Raider Companies
When the Greek Civil War broke out in 1946, the Greek Government formed a special warfare unit, primarily to help Greek royalist capture territory which was still in the hands of communist-inspired guerrillas. Mountain Raider Companies (), commonly known by their acronym, LOK (ΛΟΚ), were formed on 20 January 1947 and began operations almost immediately in Greece's mountainous terrain.
The Raider Squadron was formed at Vouliagmeni, Athens in August 1947 and took part in civil war operations in Thessaly, Central Greece, Epirus, West Macedonia and Euboea. The IV Raider Squadron was established at the port city of Volos, Thessaly in December 1947 and operated in all regions of Greece during the Civil War. The V Raider Squadron was formed in April 1949 and took part in Civil War operations until December 1949. By 1949, the Raider squadrons were so successful against the communist insurgents that the Raider Forces Command was expanded to two brigades. III Raider Squadron, also formed in 1949, was redesignated as an amphibious-capable unit in 1963, while I Raider Squadron, disbanded at the end of the Civil War, was reactivated in 1968, and later re-formed as an amphibious unit in 1974, after the Turkish invasion of Cyprus.
In the late-1960s, the Greek Central Intelligence Service (KYP), and the CIA became secretly involved with training and arming the . A tool of the KYP and CIA, a LOK detachment played a part in the 1967 Greek coup d'état by storming and securing the Army General Staff buildings at Cholargos, Athens.
Raider Forces
After the fall of the Papadopoulos regime, and the establishment of a democratic republic in 1975, the LOK were dismantled and re-formed as the Raider Forces (), and placed under the command of the Hellenic Army's Special Forces Command (). A further restructuring of the Greek Army in 1996 saw the amalgamation of all Raider Forces units into the current brigade formation.
Uniform and unit insignia
1st Raider–Paratrooper Brigade soldiers wear the standard-issue 'Greek Lizard' camouflage battle dress uniforms (BDU) of the Hellenic Army. Members of the elite Special Paratrooper Detachment (ETA) and the VII Amphibious Raider Squadron (Ζ′ ΜΑΚ) may occasionally wear non-standard issue BDUs depending on mission requirements.
All members of the brigade wear the unit insignia depicting a winged sword, representative of the "deadly, silent and swift" nature of special forces operations. A scroll runs across the sword and wings with the motto "Who Dares Wins" (), a tribute to the Free Greek Special Forces that served with the 1 SAS Brigade during World War II. The unit flash is emblazoned with ('Raider Forces'). While on operations, low-visibility patches are worn.
All Raiders wear the green beret with the national emblem on the left.
Structure
1st Raider–Paratrooper Brigade in Rendina, Macedonia
1st Raider Regiment (1ο ΣΚ)
II Raider Squadron (Β΄ ΜΚ)
IV Raider Squadron (Δ΄ ΜΚ)
V Raider Squadron (Ε΄ ΜΚ)
14th Signal Company (14 ΛΔΒ)
2nd Paratrooper Regiment (2ο ΣΑΛ)
1st Paratrooper Squadron (1η ΜΑΛ)
2nd Paratrooper Squadron (2η ΜΑΛ)
18th Signal Company (18 ΛΔΒ)
Special Paratrooper Detachment
Members of the Special Paratrooper Detachment (a HALO/HAHO-qualified long-range reconnaissance patrol (LRRP) unit are all professional NCOs and officers. They are the brigade's contribution to the Defence Ministry's Joint Special Operations Command, along with the Hellenic Navy's DYK, and the Hellenic Air Force's 31 SROS and Z' MAK.
See also
Operation Niki
Manolis Bikakis
References
External links
Greek Raiders, Special Weapons Magazine, October 2013
Hellenic Army General Staff - Official Site
Brigades of Greece
Special forces of Greece
The Veneration of the Tree of Life is a Manichaean fresco in Cave 38 (Krenweidell No. 25) of the Bezeklik Caves in Turpan, Xinjiang, China, that depicts a Manichae tree of life worship scene. According to the teachings of this religion, there is a tree of life growing in the Kingdom of Light. It has three trunks, which symbolize the East, West, and North of the Kingdom of Light.
Overview
This fresco was discovered in the early 20th century and was already badly damaged. In order to facilitate research, the German archaeologist Albert Grünwedel drew a black-and-white line sketch, followed by the French archaeologist Joseph Hackin copied color pictures.
The center of the picture depicts a tree of life with three trunks. The tree has luxuriant branches and leaves, fragrant flowers in full bloom, and numerous fruits. There are huge bunches of grapes hanging down from the branches. The whole tree looks like a huge canopy. The pool under the tree may be the Qibao Incense Pond, with two birds in the pool looking at the worshiping crowd. On the left and right sides of the trunk, there were six people saluting the tree of life. Four of them were kneeling in the front and two standing in the back. They are well-dressed and wear richly decorated high crowns. Among them are angels with wings, believers, and other gods. The angel's name, praise, and vows are Uighur, written in the pool and in the sidebar under the painting.
Below the incense pond, there is a Uyghur script written in Uighur letters in vertical lines, similar to the prayers: "This is a gathering of the patron saints", "I, Savit, in front of the peacock portrait, write all this, I hope not There is no more sin, I hope [...] be protected", "Otukan Ingesakank (and) Quartluk Tan Misu Kea, I hope they are protected [...] I humbly finish After all this [...] I wish to have peace. Please forgive me for my sins.” Although some of the contents of the prayers involve frescoes, these words are not left by the original author.
See also
Sogdian-language Manichaean letter
References
Manichaean art of East Central Asia
Turpan
Murals
Culture in Xinjiang
Topallı, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suárez were the defending champions, but did not compete this year.
Émilie Loit and Åsa Svensson won the title by defeating Petra Mandula and Patricia Wartusch 6–3, 6–1 in the final. It was the 6th title for Loit and the 15th title for Svensson in their respective doubles careers.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Tournament Profile (ITF)
2003 Abierto Mexicano Telefonica Movistar
Doubles
New Market Presbyterian Church is a historic building located in the heart of New Market, Alabama. For 130 years, the church has been a pillar to the community. The Late Gothic Revival-style church was built in 1888, and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Church History
The National Register of Historic Places plaque in front of the Sanctuary reads: "Mary Miller deeded land in 1849 to serve both Methodist and Cumberland Presbyterian congregations. The original building burned and the Methodists in 1882 sold their interest in a second building. This second church destroyed by a tornado in 1884. Present building erected in 1888. In 1906 the Cumberland Presbyterians left to form a new church, and the remaining members affiliated with the First Presbyterian Church, USA."
The physical building is located at 1723 New Market Road in New Market, Alabama.
Historical Architecture
According to New Market Presbyterian's National Register of Historic Places Registration form, the building is in "near-original condition, including the clear cylinder-glass of the lancet windows." The Gothic style pews were originally in the Marysville Presbyterian Church (Marysville, Alabama). The "seven-plane barrel-vaulted wooden ceiling" is rumored to be a gift from the church's building contractor. The ceiling's design consists of "narrow boards in large half-bond rectangles divided by wide borders of the same material in herringbone and soldier patterns." The interior wood is naturally finished and varnished. The Sanctuary's suspended stove fluke was removed around 1980 and replaced with central heating and cooling.
References
External links
See also:
Presbyterian churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1888
Churches in Madison County, Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Madison County, Alabama
Kappa- Hefutoxin 1 and 2 are toxins from the venom of the Asian forest black scorpion Heterometrus fulvipes with a unique structure. It blocks the potassium channels Kv1.2 and Kv1.3 and slows the activation of Kv1.3.
The kappa- Hefutoxin 1 and 2 (κ- hefutoxin1/2) are toxic components in the venom of Heterometrus fulvipes that belongs to the family scorpionidae. It is also known as the Asian Forest Black Scorpion and is distributed in South India, Indonesia and Malaysia.
Chemistry
The structure of the toxin is unique because it is made up of two anti-parallel helices linked by two disulfide bridges without β- sheets. The κ- hefutoxin1 consists of 22 residues and with an amidated C terminus and is the shortest scorpion toxin reported so far. The κ- hefutoxin2 is built up of 23 residues with free C-terminus.
Target and mode of action
The toxin blocks the voltage-gated potassium channel Kv1.2 and not only blocks the Kv1.3 channels but also slows down their activation kinetics. The blocking effect is most effective when the K+ ions flow inward thus at a negative potential.
References
Neurotoxins
Ion channel toxins
Scorpion toxins
Kebila is a town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 23,580.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
In classical drama, the epitasis () is the main action of a play, in which the trials and tribulations of the main character increase and build toward a climax and dénouement. It is the third and central part when a play is analyzed into five separate parts: prologue, protasis, epitasis, catastasis and catastrophe.
In modern dramatic theory, the dramatic arc is often referred to, which uses somewhat different divisions but is substantially the same concept overall.
Drama
Ancient Greek theatre
South Korean singer and actress Bae Suzy, known mononymously as Suzy, has released two extended plays, seven singles, and four promotional singles.
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Collaborations
Soundtrack appearances
Other charted songs
Promotional singles
Songwriting and composing credits
Music videos
See also
Miss A discography
References
Discographies of South Korean artists
Leptosema is a genus of flowering plants from the legume family Fabaceae. According to the Australian Plant Census, species of Leptosema occur in the Northern Territory, Western Australia, South Australia and Queensland.
Species
Leptosema comprises the following species:
Leptosema aculeatum Crisp
Leptosema anomalum (Ewart & Morrison) Crisp
Leptosema bossiaeoides Benth.
Leptosema chambersii F.Muell.
Leptosema daviesioides (Turcz.) Benth.
Leptosema uniflorum (Benth.) Crisp
Species names with uncertain taxonomic status
The status of the following species is unresolved:
Leptosema aphyllum (Hook.) Crisp
Leptosema cervicorne Crisp
Leptosema chapmanii Crisp
Leptosema macrocarpum (Benth.) Crisp
Leptosema oxylobioides F.Muell.
Leptosema tomentosum (Benth.) Crisp
Leptosema villosum Crisp
References
Mirbelioids
Fabales of Australia
Rosids of Western Australia
Fabaceae genera
Nemacerota igorkostjuki is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in southern edge of Tibet.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Matsumuraeses falcana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Nepal, China, Taiwan, Japan and Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1900
Grapholitini
Moths of Japan
Anoualerpeton is an extinct genus of lissamphibian in the family Albanerpetontidae. It is the oldest and most primitive albanerpetontid known. Fossils have been found of two different species, Anoualerpeton priscus from the Middle Jurassic (Bathonian) aged Forest Marble and Kilmaluag formations of England and Scotland, and Anoualerpeton unicus from Late Jurassic-Early Cretaceous (Tithonian-Berriasian) Ksar Metlili Formation of Morocco. A. unicus is the only named albanerpetontid from Gondwana.
Etymology
The name "Anoualerpeton" is composed of Anoual, the name of a city in the eastern High Atlas (Morocco), in whose relative proximity the type material of the type species Anoualerpeton unicus was found, and the ancient Greek word ἑρπετόν herpeton, which means 'creeping animal" and is often used in the generic names of fossil amphibians. The epithets "priscus" and "unicus" mean 'old' and 'unique', which refers to the fact that Anoualerpeton priscus is geologically the oldest albanerpetontid and Anoualerpeton unicus the only albanerpetontid that occurs on the former large southern continent of Gondwana.
Morphology
Anoualerpeton does not have any unique features (autapomorphies), but is characterized by a mosaic of features that occur either in Albanerpeton but not in Celtedens or in Celtedens but not in Albanerpeton. Thus, the occlusal margin of maxillary and dental teeth is convex in labial and lingual view, respectively, and the teeth in the middle third of the row are the longest, both of which are otherwise only known from the species Albanerpeton nexuosus. The processus internasalis of the azygic frontal, i.e. the end of the bone resulting from the fusion of the originally paired frontal structures, which is flanked by the nasal bone and points towards the tip of the snout, tapers to a point. The lateral edges of this process are designed as a kind of groove into which the edges of the nasalia engage (tongue-and-groove), both of which occur in Albanerpeton but not in Celtedens. In addition, the length-width ratio of the frontal is relatively large and the frontal is bell-shaped rather than triangular in dorsal and ventral view, features which Anoualerpeton shares only with Celtedens but not with Albanerpeton.
The two Anoualerpeton species differ primarily in the location of the suprapalatal pit. This is a depression in the inner side (lingual side) of that part of the premaxillary which reaches up to the roof of the skull (pars dorsalis). In Anoualerpeton priscus, the suprapalatal fossa lies in the medial edge of the external nasal opening. In Anoualerpeton unicus, however, it lies further mediad, outside the border of the external nasal opening.
Locality
As is common for Albanerpetontids, the remains of Anoualerpeton all come from so-called microvertebrate localities, i.e. isolated, relatively small bones obtained by slurrying and sieving samples of the sedimentary rock in which they were embedded.
The older species Anoualerpeton priscus originates from the Kirtlington Mammal Bed ("Kirtlington mammal layer") in the lowest part of the Forest Marble Formation of the Bathonian of Central England. The Kirtlington Mammal Bed is the most productive microvertebrate deposit of the Kirtlington Quarry, a limestone quarry west of Kirtlington, about 15 kilometers north of Oxford. It consists of a weakly consolidated clayey marl, which was probably deposited in a swampy environment and contains, among other things, teeth of dinosaurs and early mammaliaformes. The material from Kirtlington, classified as Anoualerpeton priscus, was formerly assigned to the genera Albanerpeton or Celtedens. In 2020 a connected pair of premaxillae similar to those of A. priscus were reported from the Kilmaluag Formation of the Isle of Skye, Scotland. The deposit is equivalent in age to the Kirtlington Mammal Bed, and is thought to have been deposited in a coastal lagoon.
The younger species Anoualerpeton unicus, which is also a type species of the genus, was identified in the microvertebrate fauna of the Ksar Metlili Formation in the eastern High Atlas. The locality is located in the south of the Talsint province of Morocco, about 100 kilometers east of the city of Anoual. The deposit is located in a lens of non-marine limestone embedded in marine sediments in the upper part of the so-called Couches Rouges ("red layers"). These marine sediments have been uncertainly dated by coccolithophorids to the Berriasian, but have also been considered Tithonian. Also in Ksar Met Lili dinosaurs can be found and, due to the lower geological age, also representatives of the mammalian crown group (Mammalia).
Phylogeny
From Daza et al. 2020.
References
Albanerpetontidae
Prehistoric amphibian genera
Late Jurassic amphibians
Middle Jurassic amphibians
Jurassic amphibians of Europe
Cretaceous amphibians of Africa
Fossil taxa described in 2003
Tucket's Ride is the third novel in The Tucket Adventures by Gary Paulsen. Now two years after Francis Tucket was abducted by the Pawnee and then saved by the Mountain Man Jason Grimes. He is now trying to get to Oregon via Mexico and gets tangled with armies pursuing the Mexican War. It was published in 1997 by Delacorte Press.
It was later turned into a five-part omnibus, entitled Tucket's Travels, along with the rest of the novels in The Tucket Adventures by Random House and released in 2003.
References
Gary Paulsen - Tucket's Ride
Novels by Gary Paulsen
1997 American novels
Western (genre) novels
Novels set in Mexico
Mexican War of Independence
Sergey Vladimirovich Obraztsov (, 5 July (O.S. 22 June), 1901 – 8 May 1992) was a Soviet and Russian puppeteer who is credited by the Encyclopædia Britannica with "establishing puppetry as an art form in the Soviet Union." Puppet theaters in many countries owe their establishment to Obraztsov's influence. His collection of exotic puppets was the largest in Russia and one of the largest in the world.
Obraztsov was born on 22 June 1901 in Moscow into the family of a schoolteacher and a railroad engineer. Between 1922 and 1931, he worked as an actor with Vladimir Nemirovich-Danchenko in one of the studios of the Moscow Art Theatre. During this period, he staged several vaudeville-style puppet shows before going on to set up the State Central Puppet Theatre in Moscow in 1931.
His theatre toured more than 350 cities in the USSR and 90 cities in foreign countries. During his numerous tours abroad, Obraztsov helped to popularize artistic puppetry in the United States, Britain, and other countries. One of his best known shows, An Unusual Concert (1946), satirized bad performers. Besides more than 70 plays for children and grown-ups that he staged in his theatre, Obraztsov also directed the first short-length puppet film under the title Looking at a Polar Sunset Ray in 1938, and also a number of documentaries. In his later years, Obraztsov became enthusiastic about finger puppets. He was also skilled in puppeteering with his bare hands.
Sergey Obraztsov was the President of the International Union of Puppeteers (1976–1984, and from 1984 the President Emeritus), a teaching professor of the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts (from 1973), and a member of the Writers' Union of the USSR. Obraztsov authored an autobiography and a monograph on Chinese puppet theatre. He was awarded the USSR State Prize in 1946, named People's Artist of the USSR in 1952, and a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1971. Obraztsov died on 8 May 1992 and was buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery.
The Obraztsov Foundation, established in 1998 by his family members and the Obraztsov Puppet Theatre, was aimed at preserving his rich creative legacy.
In September 2001, the Sergey Obraztsov Theatre (Moscow State Puppet Theatre named after Obraztsov) hosted a week-long centennial celebration which included an international array of performers.
Books by Obraztsov
My Profession (1950) Foreign Languages, Moscow. Translated from the Russian by Ralph Parker and Valentina Scott. Contains many sepia plates of puppets plus a biography of Sergei Obraztsov.
IMPRESSIONS OF LONDON: On What I Saw, Learned and Understood During Two Visits to London (1957) Sidgwick & Jackson, London
The Chinese Puppet Theatre (1961) Faber & Faber Limited, UK.
References
External links
Obraztsov's site
Article about Obraztsov
Biography of Sergey Obraztsov
Soviet male actors
Russian male actors
Russian and Soviet theatre directors
People's Artists of the USSR
Heroes of Socialist Labour
UNIMA presidents
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
1901 births
1992 deaths
Russian puppeteers
Arcadia DeVille is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Her first appearance was in X-Force vol. 1 #83.
Fictional character biography
Arcadia Deville is a mutant with the ability to alter reality. As a child, the Damocles Foundation held Arcadia captive and did experiments on her. She used her reality-altering powers to create a fantasy world where adventured for years, until she was released by Ulysses Dragonblood. They fled and eventually stopped in Kentucky where they mistook Cannonball for a threat until members of the Damocles Foundation known as the Sword noticed their fight and tried to capture them.
Arcadia saw that Cannonball had a photograph of X-Force (Siryn, Danielle Moonstar, Warpath, Meltdown and Sunspot) and used her powers to summon his friends, but the Sword took advantage of the confusion and defeated X-Force. Cannonball and Meltdown stopped the Sword, and Arcadia changed some of them into crystal so that she could smash them. Moonstar touched Arcadia trying to stop her, but Arcadia's power went into Moonstar and shared Arcadia's powers with her. Ulysses stopped Arcadia, and the Sword members reverted to their normal forms. Ulysses and Arcadia continued on the run with the Sword as prisoners on their own ship.
Arcadia began having dreams about the Demon Bear. She and Ulysses went to Sledge's junkyard because they knew that the Damocles Foundation intended to activate a Gatherer of the Celestials. X-Force also came to the junkyard, and then they all went to the Damocles Foundation's Brazilian base, where they freed the captured Selene and Sunspot. They stopped Odysseus Indigo from reawakening the Gatherer, but when Selene took possession of the Gatherer, Moonstar and Arcadia used their powers together to destroy it.
Arcadia, Ulysses and Sledge went back to the junkyard, but her out of control powers created the Demon Bear which attacked. Arcadia went to find Moonstar in San Francisco, but the Demon Bear followed her, and being near to Moonstar caused their powers to become uncontrollable again, and they were both trapped inside the Demon Bear. They learned that Arcadia's powers had created the bear, so they used their powers to destroy the bear.
Absorbing the bear's energy was too much for Arcadia and she lost control of herself, becoming replaced by one of her creations from childhood which had come to life, until X-Force, Risque and Ulysses released Arcadia.
Powers and abilities
Arcadia Deville can alter reality using images in her mind, and her powers have allowed her to teleport people, and also change people into another substance or another type of creature. The effects caused by her powers end when she is not conscious.
References
External links
Fictional characters who can manipulate reality
Marvel Comics characters who can teleport
Marvel Comics mutants
Marvel Comics superheroes
A volumetric display device is a display device that forms a visual representation of an object in three physical dimensions, as opposed to the planar image of traditional screens that simulate depth through a number of different visual effects. One definition offered by pioneers in the field is that volumetric displays create 3D imagery via the emission, scattering, or relaying of illumination from well-defined regions in (x,y,z) space.
A true volumetric display produces in the observer a visual experience of a material object in three-dimensional space, even though no such object is present. The perceived object displays characteristics similar to an actual material object by allowing the observer to view it from any direction, to focus a camera on a specific detail, and to see perspective – meaning that the parts of the image closer to the viewer appear larger than those further away.
Volumetric 3D displays are technically not autostereoscopic, even though they create three-dimensional imagery visible to the unaided eye. This is because they display do not generate stereoscopic images; They naturally provide focally-accurate holographic wavefronts to the eyes. Due to this, they have accurate characteristics of material objects such as focal depth, motion parallax, and vergence.
Volumetric displays are one of several kinds of 3D displays. Other types are stereoscopes, view-sequential displays, electro-holographic displays, "two view" displays, and panoramagrams.
Although first postulated in 1912, and a staple of science fiction, volumetric displays are still not widely used in everyday life. There are numerous potential markets for volumetric displays with use cases including medical imaging, mining, education, advertising, simulation, video games, communication and geophysical visualisation. When compared to other 3D visualisation tools such as virtual reality, volumetric displays offer an inherently different mode of interaction, providing the opportunity for a group of people to gather around the display and interact in a natural manner without having to don 3D glasses or other headgear.
Types
Many different attempts have been made to produce volumetric imaging devices. There is no officially accepted "taxonomy" of the variety of volumetric displays, an issue which is complicated by the many permutations of their characteristics. For example, illumination within a volumetric display can either reach the eye directly from the source or via an intermediate surface such as a mirror or glass; likewise, this surface, which need not be tangible, can undergo motion such as oscillation or rotation. One categorization is as follows:
Swept-volume display
Swept-surface (or "swept-volume") volumetric 3D displays rely on the human persistence of vision to fuse a series of slices of the 3D object into a single 3D image. A variety of swept-volume displays have been created.
For example, the 3D scene is computationally decomposed into a series of "slices", which can be rectangular, disc-shaped, or helically cross-sectioned, whereupon they are projected onto or from a display surface undergoing motion. The image on the 2D surface (created by projection onto the surface, LEDs embedded in the surface, or other techniques) changes as the surface moves or rotates. Due to the persistence of vision, humans perceive a continuous volume of light. The display surface can be reflective, transmissive, or a combination of both.
Another type of 3D display that is a candidate member of the class of swept-volume 3D displays is the varifocal mirror architecture. One of the first references to this type of system is from 1966, in which a vibrating mirrored drumhead reflects a series of patterns from a high-frame-rate 2D image source, such as a vector display, to a corresponding set of depth surfaces.
An example of a commercially available Swept-volume display is the Voxon Photonics VX1. This display has a volume area that is 18cm * 18cm * 8cm deep and can render up to 500 million voxels per second. Content for the VX1 can be created using Unity or using standard 3D file types such as OBJ, STL and DICOM for medical imaging.
Static volume
So-called "static-volume" volumetric 3D displays create imagery without any macroscopic moving parts in the image volume. It is unclear whether the rest of the system must remain stationary for membership in this display class to be viable.
This is probably the most "direct" form of volumetric display. In the simplest case, an addressable volume of space is created out of active elements that are transparent in the off state but are either opaque or luminous in the on state. When the elements (called voxels) are activated, they show a solid pattern within the space of the display.
Several static-volume volumetric 3D displays use laser light to encourage visible radiation in a solid, liquid, or gas. For example, some researchers have relied on two-step upconversion within a rare-earth-doped material when illuminated by intersecting infrared laser beams of the appropriate frequencies.
Recent advances have focused on non-tangible (free-space) implementations of the static-volume category, which might eventually allow direct interaction with the display. For instance, a fog display using multiple projectors can render a 3D image in a volume of space, resulting in a static-volume volumetric display.
A technique presented in 2006 does away with the display medium altogether, using a focused pulsed infrared laser (about 100 pulses per second; each lasting a nanosecond) to create balls of glowing plasma at the focal point in normal air. The focal point is directed by two moving mirrors and a sliding lens, allowing it to draw shapes in the air. Each pulse creates a popping sound, so the device crackles as it runs. Currently it can generate dots anywhere within a cubic metre. It is thought that the device could be scaled up to any size, allowing 3D images to be generated in the sky.
Later modifications such as the use of an neon/argon/xenon/helium gas mix similar to a plasma globe and a rapid gas recycling system employing a hood and vacuum pumps could allow this technology to achieve two-colour (R/W) and possibly RGB imagery by changing the pulse width and intensity of each pulse to tune the emission spectra of the luminous plasma body.
In 2017, a new display known as the "3D Light PAD" was published. The display's medium consists of a class of photoactivatable molecules (known as spirhodamines) and digital light-processing (DLP) technology to generate structured light in three dimensions. The technique bypasses the need to use high-powered lasers and the generation of plasma, which alleviates concerns for safety and dramatically improves the accessibility of the three-dimensional displays. UV-light and green-light patterns are aimed at the dye solution, which initiates photoactivation and thus creates the "on" voxel. The device is capable of displaying a minimal voxel size of 0.68 mm3, with 200 μm resolution, and good stability over hundreds of on–off cycles.
Human–computer interfaces
The unique properties of volumetric displays, which may include 360-degree viewing, agreement of vergence and accommodation cues, and their inherent "three-dimensionality", enable new user interface techniques. There is recent work investigating the speed and accuracy benefits of volumetric displays, new graphical user interfaces, and medical applications enhanced by volumetric displays.
Also, software platforms exist that deliver native and legacy 2D and 3D content to volumetric displays.
Artistic use
An artform called Hologlyphics has been explored since 1994, combining elements of holography, music, video synthesis, visionary film, sculpture and improvisation. Whilst this type of display may render visual data in a volume, it is not an addressable display and capable of only lissajous figures, such at those generated by bouncing a laser off a galvo or speaker cone.
Technical challenges
Known volumetric display technologies also have several drawbacks that are exhibited depending on trade-offs chosen by the system designer.
It is often claimed that volumetric displays are incapable of reconstructing scenes with viewer-position-dependent effects, such as occlusion and opacity. This is a misconception; a display whose voxels have non-isotropic radiation profiles are indeed able to depict position-dependent effects. To-date, occlusion-capable volumetric displays require two conditions: (1) the imagery is rendered and projected as a series of "views," rather than "slices," and (2) the time-varying image surface is not a uniform diffuser. For example, researchers have demonstrated spinning-screen volumetric displays with reflective and/or vertically diffuse screens whose imagery exhibits occlusion and opacity. One system created HPO 3D imagery with a 360-degree field of view by oblique projection onto a vertical diffuser; another projects 24 views onto a rotating controlled-diffusion surface; and another provides 12-view images utilizing a vertically oriented louver.
So far, the ability to reconstruct scenes with occlusion and other position-dependent effects have been at the expense of vertical parallax, in that the 3D scene appears distorted if viewed from locations other than those the scene was generated for.
One other consideration is the very large amount of bandwidth required to feed imagery to a volumetric display. For example, a standard 24 bits per pixel, 1024×768 resolution, flat/2D display requires about 135 MB/s to be sent to the display hardware to sustain 60 frames per second, whereas a 24 bits per voxel, 1024×768×1024 (1024 "pixel layers" in the Z axis) volumetric display would need to send about three orders of magnitude more (135 GB/s) to the display hardware to sustain 60 volumes per second. As with regular 2D video, one could reduce the bandwidth needed by simply sending fewer volumes per second and letting the display hardware repeat frames in the interim, or by sending only enough data to affect those areas of the display that need to be updated, as is the case in modern lossy-compression video formats such as MPEG. Furthermore, a 3D volumetric display would require two to three orders of magnitude more CPU and/or GPU power beyond that necessary for 2D imagery of equivalent quality, due at least in part to the sheer amount of data that must be created and sent to the display hardware. However, if only the outer surface of the volume is visible, the number of voxels required would be of the same order as the number of pixels on a conventional display. This would only be the case if the voxels do not have "alpha" or transparency values.
See also
Holography
Volumetric Haptic Display
Volumetric video
Volumetric printing
Virtual retinal display
Display device
3D display
Zebra Imaging
Autostereoscopy
Multiscopy
Vergence-Accommodation Conflict
References
Footnotes
Further reading
Blundell, B.G., (2011). "About 3D Volumetric Displays", Walker & Wood Ltd. . (http://www.barrygblundell.com, PDF file).
Blundell, B.G., (2011). "3D Displays and Spatial Interaction: Exploring the Science, Art, Evolution, and Use of 3D Technologies,Volume I: From Perception to Technologies", Walker & Wood Ltd. . (http://www.barrygblundell.com, PDF file).
Blundell, B.G. and Schwarz, A J (2007). "Enhanced Visualization: Making Space for 3D Images", John Wiley & Sons. .
Blundell, B.G. and Schwarz, A J (2006). Creative 3-D Displays and Interaction Interfaces: A Transdisciplinary Approach, John Wiley & Sons. . (http://www.barrygblundell.com, PDF file).
Blundell, B. G. and Schwarz, A. J. (2000). Volumetric Three-Dimensional Display Systems, John Wiley & Sons. (http://www.barrygblundell.com, PDF file).
Favalora, G. E. (2005, Aug.). "Volumetric 3D Displays and Application Infrastructure," Computer, 38(8), 37-44. Illustrated technical survey of contemporary and historic volumetric 3-D displays. IEEE citation via ACM
Funk, W. (2008). "Hologlyphics: Volumetric image synthesis performance system," Proc. SPIE, vol. 6803, SPIE — Int'l Soc. for Optical Eng., Stereoscopic Displays and Applications XIX. PDF at author site
Halle, M. (1997). "Autostereoscopic displays and computer graphics," Computer Graphics, ACM SIGGRAPH, vol. 31, no. 2, (pp. 58–62). A thoughtful and concise overview of the field of 3-D display technologies, particularly non-volumetric displays. HTML and PDF
Hartwig, R. (1976). Vorrichtung zur Dreidimensionalen Abbildung in Einem Zylindersymmetrischen Abbildungstraum, German patent DE2622802C2, filed 1976, issued 1983. One of the earliest patent references for the rotating helix 3-D display.
Honda, T. (2000). Three-Dimensional Display Technology Satisfying 'Super Multiview Condition.' In B. Javidi and F. Okano (Eds.), Proc. Three-Dimensional Video and Display: Devices and Systems, vol. CR76, SPIE Press, (pp. 218–249).
Langhans, K., Bezecny, D., Homann, D., Bahr, D., Vogt, C., Blohm, C., and Scharschmidt, K.-H.(1998). "New Portable FELIX 3D Display," Proc. SPIE, vol. 3296, SPIE — Int'l Soc. for Optical Eng., (pp. 204–216). Includes a thorough literature review of volumetric displays.
Lewis, J. D., Verber, C. M., and McGhee, R. B. (1971). A True Three-Dimensional Display, IEEE Trans. Electron Devices, 18, 724-732. An early investigation into so-called solid-state 3-D displays.
Roth, E. (2006). Volumetric Display based on Inkjet-Technology, PDF (Archived 03-14-2012: )
External links
Dragon O - a commercially available Interactive Volumetric LED Display composed of 50cmx50cmx3m plugin modules. Positioned for audiovisual interactive experiences and installations
Volumetric Motion Picture and 3D Digital Film Forum
VisualCube — a small volumetric display composed of 6x6x6 voxels, each represented by a 2-color LED
Voxiebox — a commercially available swept-volume based volumetric display positioned for gaming and entertainment applications
Volumetric Displays — Summary of history, practical issues, and state of the art up until March 1996
The Return of the 3D Crystal Ball — A comprehensive article on Actuality Systems' Volumetric technology including an interview, pictures and a movie
Felix3D Display — Some examples for volumetric displays
Interactive 360° Light Field Display — by USC Institute for Creative Technologies
QinetiQ Autostereo 3D Display Wall — Press Release from 2004, perhaps discontinued as no further references found
SPIE / IS&T Stereoscopic Displays and Virtual Reality Applications annual global conference
Diffraction Influence on the Field of View and Resolution of Three-Dimensional Integral Imaging
Display technology
3D imaging
Alvaiázere () is a municipality in the district of Leiria in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 7,287, in an area of 160.48 km2.
The municipality is bordered by the municipalities of Ansião (to the north), Figueiró dos Vinhos (to the northeast and east), Ferreira do Zêzere (to the southeast), Ourém (to the southwest) and Pombal (to the west). The present Mayor is Paulo Delgado Morgado, elected by the Social Democratic Party. The municipal holiday is on June 13.
Origin of the name Alvaiázere: from the Arabic word "Al-Baiaz" (the falconer); lands of the falconer. Manuel Vieira da Silva Borges e Abreu, 1st Baron of Alvaiázere was the main physician of King John VI of Portugal.
Parishes
Administratively, the municipality is divided into 5 civil parishes (freguesias):
Almoster
Alvaiázere
Maçãs de Dona Maria
Pelmá
Pussos São Pedro
Climate
References
External links
Municipality official website
Towns in Portugal
Populated places in Leiria District
Municipalities of Leiria District
The Neonatal Resuscitation Program is an educational program in neonatal resuscitation that was developed and is maintained by the American Academy of Pediatrics. This program focuses on basic resuscitation skills for newly born infants.
With the rollout of the seventh edition of the Neonatal Resuscitation Program to reflect the 2016 American Academy of Pediatrics guidelines for resuscitation, the course format has changed considerably. In the past, a full-day course incorporated lecture, written testing and hands-the classroom time required for the course and allows instructors to focus on the practical skills needed to resuscitate the neonate. The program is intended for healthcare providers who perform resuscitation in the delivery room or newborn nursery. Providers who take the Neonatal Resuscitation Program are diverse in their scope of practice. The course outline is flexible to allow providers to complete specific modules directly related to their practice.
Lesson modules
Overview and principles of resuscitation
Initial steps in resuscitation
Use of resuscitation devices for positive-pressure ventilation
Chest compressions
Tracheal intubation
Medication
Special considerations
Resuscitation of babies born pre-term
Ethics and care at the end of life
References
Medical credentials
Emergency medical procedures
Emergency medicine courses
Emergency life support
United States
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation
Ava Boutilier (born November 16, 1999) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for the New Hampshire Wildcats in the NCAA.
Career
Boutilier originally began playing hockey as a defender in the Charlottetown Minor Hockey Association, but quickly got asked to switch to goaltender after her team's goalie got injured. At the bantam AAA level, she played on the Charlottetown Abbies boys' team, winning a provincial title in 2014 and being named Hockey PEI Female Player of the Year in 2014. In 2015, she was named one of the top-six Canadian goalies under the age of 18.
In 2017, she moved to the United States to attend the University of New Hampshire, serving as the starting goaltender for the university's women's ice hockey programme. She was forced to miss most of the 2018–19 season after suffering a shoulder injury. She finished the 2019–20 season with the third highest save percentage of all Hockey East goalies, being named Hockey East Defender of the Week four times. She was named Wildcats captain ahead of the 2020–21 season.
Personal life
At the University of New Hampshire, she served as co-president of the Student-Athlete Advisory Committee in 2020–21. She previously graduated from Colonel Gray High School in Charlottetown.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Canadian expatriate ice hockey people in the United States
Canadian women's ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey people from Prince Edward Island
New Hampshire Wildcats women's ice hockey players
Sportspeople from Charlottetown
The 2016 PSA Men's World Squash Championship is the men's edition of the 2016 World Championship, which serves as the individual world championship for squash players. The event took place in Cairo, Egypt from 27 October to 6 November 2016. Karim Abdel Gawad won his first World Championship title, defeating Ramy Ashour in the final.
Prize money and ranking points
For 2016, the prize purse was $325,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:
Seeds
Draw and results
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 1
Section 2
See also
World Championship
2016 Women's World Open Squash Championship
References
External links
PSA World Championship page
World Squash Championships
M
Squash tournaments in Egypt
International sports competitions hosted by Egypt
2016 in Egyptian sport
Sports competitions in Cairo
Binkoz is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Mark Wheatley (born May 27, 1954) is an American illustrator, writer, editor, and publisher in the comic book field. Wheatley's comic book and pulp creations include Breathtaker, Mars, and Blood of the Innocent, all illustrated with his frequent collaborator Marc Hempel. Wheatley has written books, comic books, and television shows, and his illustrations have appeared in magazines, books, comic books, and games.
Biography
Wheatley came from the world of fandom, having published fanzines in the early 1970s.
Insight Studios
In 1978, Wheatley founded the Baltimore-based Insight Studios as a design, illustration, and art production studio; he was joined by Marc Hempel in 1980. Since then, Insight has expanded into publishing and has become home for many notable creators, including Frank Cho.
Wheatley has worked as an editor and art director for a number of publishers, and is the inventor of color production technology for comics.
Film & Television
Breck Eisner is set to direct the upcoming Hollywood film adaptation of Blood of the Innocent, a comic book series Wheatley co-created with Rickey Shanklin and Marc Hempel. Inferno Entertainment has acquired underlying rights to the series and is funding development and production of the feature, which is being co-produced with Circle of Confusion.
Awards
Wheatley has won the Inkpot, Speakeasy, and Mucker awards, and has been nominated for the Harvey and Ignatz awards.
Bibliography
Writer
Mars (First Comics, 1984–1985)
Blood of the Innocent (WaRP Graphics, 1985)
Breathtaker (DC Comics, 1990)
Black Hood (DC/Impact Comics, 1991–1992)
Radical Dreamer (Black Ball Comics, 1994; Mark's Giant Economy Size Comics!, 1995)
Argus (DC Comics, 1995)
Titanic Tales (Insight Studios, 1998)
Jimgrim and the Devil at Ludd (Insight Studios, 1999)
Hammer of the Gods (co-written with Michael Avon Oeming; Insight Studios, 2001)
Frankenstein Mobster (Image Comics, 2003)
Artist
Be An Interplanetary Spy (Byron Preiss Visual Publications/Bantam Books)
Find the Kirillian (1983; story by Seth McEvoy; art by Marc Hempel and Wheatley)
The Galactic Pirate (1983; story by McEvoy; art by Hempel and Wheatley)
Robot World (1983; story by McEvoy; art by Hempel and Wheatley)
Monsters of Doorna (1983; story by McEvoy; art by Hempel and Wheatley)
Jonny Quest (Comico, 1986–1988)
Blood of Dracula (Apple Comics, 1987–1988; also editor, 1987–1991)
9/11: Emergency Relief (Alternative Comics, 2002)
1001 Nights of Snowfall (DC/Vertgo, 2006)
Notes
References
Wheatley bio at Lambiek's Comiclopedia
External links
Wheatley interview at Ugo
American cartoonists
American illustrators
Artists from Baltimore
Living people
1954 births
Saves the World is the second studio album by American band Muna, released through RCA Records on September 6, 2019. The album was promoted by the singles "Number One Fan", "Who", "Stayaway", and "Taken", receiving positive reviews.
Background
After supporting English singer Harry Styles during his 2017–2018 tour, the band took a hiatus until lead singer Katie Gavin concocted the opening verse of the song "Number One Fan" six months later, starting the album's songwriting process. According to guitarist Josette Maskin, the album title represents the band's belief that "saving yourself is the key to saving the world". Maskin also said Saves the World was meant to evoke optimism in listeners.
Music and lyrics
Saves the World is a pop, alternative rock, synth-rock, indie pop, synth-pop, electropop, alt-pop, and power pop album. Thematically autobiographical, Saves the World has been described as "an emotional excavation." Its lyrics depict explorations of "addiction", "alienation", "romantic desolation", and "cycles of abusive behavior". The band approached the album with the intention of crafting a minimalist sound, with musically shorter sentences in comparison to those in their first album.
Release and promotion
"Number One Fan" was released as the lead single from the album on June 7, 2019, followed by the releases of "Who" and "Stayaway" on June 28 and August 16, respectively. Saves the World was released on September 6, 2019. Muna embarked on a tour within the United States from September to October 2019 in promotion of the album.
Critical reception
Saves the World garnered "rave reviews" upon its release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album holds an average score of 82 based on eight reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
In a perfect five-star review, Alexandra Pollard of The Independent asserted that Saves the World set up the band to joining "the ranks of those who have brazenly borrowed their sound". Rolling Stones Jonathan Bernstein awarded the album four stars out of five and praised its "concise and clever" yet "never overly precious" songwriting. Writing for Pitchfork, Eve Barlow highlighted how the album was "as sentimental as it is versatile". Marcy Donelson of AllMusic commented that while the album's lyrics were more effective than its hooks, it contained "a handful of low-key anthems".
Saves the World placed on several critics' lists of the best albums of 2019. It was ranked as the 41st best by Billboard, the 33rd by The Guardian, the 15th by The Independent, and included on an unranked list by Paper.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2019 albums
RCA Records albums
Muna (band) albums
Alternative rock albums by American artists
Electronic rock albums by American artists
Yana Alborova (; born 24 January 1994) is a Russian-Uzbekistani foil fencer, now representing Uzbekistan internationally. In 2015, she won the silver medal in the women's foil event at the 2015 European Games held in Baku, Azerbaijan. She also won the gold medal in the women's team foil event.
In 2017, she won the silver medal in both the women's individual foil and women's team foil events at the 2017 Summer Universiade held in Taipei, Taiwan.
Since 2019 Alborova has been representing Uzbekistan. She competed in the women's foil event at the 2019 World Fencing Championships held in Budapest, Hungary without winning a medal. She was eliminated in her first match by Kata Kondricz of Hungary.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Russian female foil fencers
Fencers at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in fencing
European Games gold medalists for Russia
European Games silver medalists for Russia
Universiade medalists in fencing
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
Uzbekistani female foil fencers
Apprehension () is a 1982 East German drama film written and directed by Lothar Warneke and starring Christine Schorn.
The film was entered into the main competition at the 39th edition of the Venice Film Festival.
Plot
Cast
Christine Schorn as Inge Herold
Hermann Beyer as Dieter Schramm
Wilfried Pucher as Joachim
Mike Lepke as Mike
Christoph Engel as Mann in Beratungsstelle
Sina Fiedler as Frau in Beratungsstelle
Cox Habbema as Brigitte
Jörg Hermann as Fürsorger
Traute Sense as Inges Mutter
References
External links
1982 drama films
1982 films
Films directed by Lothar Warneke
East German films
German drama films
1980s German-language films
1980s German films
Kelley Spur is a rock spur east of Spear Spur on the south side of Dufek Massif in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and United States Navy air photos, 1956–66, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Samuel Kelley, a photographer with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 on several Operation Deep Freeze deployments between 1964 and 1970.
References
Ridges of Queen Elizabeth Land
Mountain spurs
Lolita Yermak (, born 22 March 1996) is a Ukrainian ice dancer. With her partner Oleksiy Shumsky, she is the 2014 International Cup of Nice bronze medalist.
With former partner Alexander Liubchenko she won Tirnavia Cup (2010) gold medalist, Ice Challenge Graz (2010) silver medalist.
Career
Yermak competed with Taras Semotiuk early in her career. In 2010, she made her ISU Junior Grand Prix debut partnered with Alexander Liubchenko. They competed together for two seasons.
In 2012, Yermak teamed up with Oleksiy Khimich. They were sent to the 2013 World Junior Championships, where they placed 25th.
Later in 2013, Yermak teamed up with Oleksiy Shumsky and began competing on the senior level. They won the bronze medal at the Ukrainian Championships in December 2013 and silver medal in December 2014. Their first international medal, bronze, came at the Cup of Nice in October 2014. In February 2015 they were sent to the Winter Universiade, where they placed 9th.
Programs
(with Shumsky)
Competitive highlights
CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Shumsky
With Khimich
With Liubchenko
References
External links
Ukrainian female ice dancers
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kharkiv
Competitors at the 2015 Winter Universiade
21st-century Ukrainian women
20th-century Ukrainian women
Lacey Schuckman is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Strawweight division. She has fought in Invicta FC and Strikeforce.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–10
| Rosa Acevedo
| Decision (unanimous)
| SCL 62: Unbroken
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 11–10
| Molly McCann
| Decision (split)
| Cage Warriors 82: Pimblett vs. Narimani
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Liverpool, United Kingdom
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 11–9
| Mizuki Inoue
| Submission (armbar)
| Invicta FC 15: Cyborg vs. Ibragimova
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:41
| Costa Mesa, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–8
| Jenny Liou
| TKO (punches)
| Invicta FC 12: Kankaanpää vs. Souza
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:53
| Kansas City, Missouri, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10–8
| Brenda Gonzalez
| Decision (unanimous)
| Mosley Showdown/Swarm Entertainment: SuperBrawl 1
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Phoenix, Arizona, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–7
| Melissa Myers
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Fight to Win: Animals
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:35
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–7
| Amber Stautzenberger
| Decision (unanimous)
| XKO 20
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Arlington, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–6
| Jody Lynn Reicher
| Submission (armbar)
| SCL Thunderdome 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:28
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–6
| Darla Harris
| Decision (unanimous)
| SCL Thunderdome
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 7–6
| Michelle Waterson
| Decision (split)
| Invicta FC 3: Penne vs. Sugiyama
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Kansas City, Kansas, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 7–5
| Ayaka Hamasaki
| Submission (armbar)
| Invicta FC 2: Baszler vs. McMann
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:45
| Kansas City, Kansas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–4
| Michelle Blalock
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| ROF 42: Who's Next
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:02
| Broomfield, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–4
| Patricia Vidonic
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| The Beatdown 8: Battle of the Badges 2
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:04
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–3
| Diana Rael
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| RMBB Bad Girlz Gone Wild
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:08
| Sheridan, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 5–3
| Carla Esparza
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| NMEF Ladies Night: Clash of the Titans 8
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:37
| Castle Rock, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–2
| Alyx Hess
| TKO (punches)
| Ring Wars
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:37
| Gillette, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–2
| Avery Vilche
| Decision (unanimous)
| NMEF Annihilation 24: Clash of the Titans 7
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:00
| Greeley, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–2
| Jeri Sitzes
| TKO (punches)
| Strikeforce Challengers: Kennedy vs. Cummings
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 2:18
| Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–1
| Jess Taylor
| Submission (punches)
| Fearless Fighting Championships
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:43
| Superior, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–1
| Tammie Schneider
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| C3 Fights
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:59
| Newkirk, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 1–1
| Lisa Higo
| Decision (unanimous)
| HOOKnSHOOT GFight 2009 Grand Prix
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:00
| Evansville, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Mariah Reed
| Decision (unanimous)
| HOOKnSHOOT GFight 2009 Grand Prix
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:00
| Evansville, Indiana, United States
|
See also
List of current Invicta FC fighters
List of female mixed martial artists
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Denver
Mixed martial artists from Colorado
American female mixed martial artists
Atomweight mixed martial artists
Strawweight mixed martial artists
21st-century American women
Andrew Peter Sundberg (January 6, 1941 – August 30, 2012) was an advocate for defending the rights of Americans living outside of the United States. He lived in the United States only a small portion of his life.
Early life and education
Sundberg was born in Hackensack, New Jersey to Edward Bernard Sundberg and Ruth Wildbush Sundberg, the second of three children. His father was an engineer who was called back into the Air Force during the Korean War, and the family was often stationed abroad. Sundberg attended junior high school in Tajikawa, Japan and high school in Wiesbaden, Germany, before the family returned to live in Chicago. He was winner of a scholarship in the National Merit Scholarship Program.
Sundberg was a 1962 graduate in engineering from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. At Navy he was on the GE College Bowl team beating Army in 1960, and he captained the team in 1961. While at Annapolis, Sundberg was a founder of the Naval Academy Foreign Affairs Conference (NAVFAC).
After graduation from the Naval Academy, he won a Rhodes Scholarship (1963) for studies at Oxford University, where he obtained a master's degree in politics, philosophy and economics.
Career
Military
Andy Sundberg served as a naval officer on board U.S. combat ships in Cuban waters during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 and in the Gulf of Tonkin during the Vietnam War in 1967-68, until he was diagnosed with a career-ending medical condition.
Business
In 1968, after his retirement from the military, Sundberg and his wife moved to Geneva, Switzerland, which became their permanent home. After working briefly at the Battelle Institute in Geneva, he founded an international business consultancy which provided analysis to clients in many different economic sectors. He carried out a wide range of individual and multi-client studies and assignments in many different industries for more than fifty major corporations. Among others, he served as a consultant to the African Development Bank, the International Labor Organization, the United Nations Center for Science and Technology for Development (in North America, Europe, Japan, and Vietnam), the Foreign Aid Ministry of West Germany (in Brazil, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Singapore, and Jordan), and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (in Russia and the other republics of the former Soviet Union)
A lifelong entrepreneur, he also launched and brought to market one of the first internet service providers in the Geneva area in the early 1990s.
Advocate
The consuming cause of Andy Sundberg's adult life was the defense of the interests of overseas American citizens vis-à-vis the U.S. Government in Washington, D.C.
American Children's Citizenship Rights League
In 1977, because of the citizenship situation of his own daughters, he gathered together a group of like-minded Americans living in Europe, and they formed the American Children's Citizenship Rights League (ACCRL), which campaigned to change a feature of U.S. citizenship legislation (which Sundberg dubbed the “Cinderella” clause) under which young Americans born to families living overseas would lose their citizenship unless they resided in the United States for a fixed number of years before reaching a certain age.
The efforts of the ACCRL were successful; with the help of Rep. Robert McClory (R-IL), the law was changed in 1978 to permit children born abroad to American citizens to retain United States citizenship acquired at birth.
American Citizens Abroad
In 1978 Sundberg and others from the ACCRL founded a broader non-partisan, non-profit organization, American Citizens Abroad (ACA) (americansabroad.org), to represent the interests of overseas Americans on a range of issues beyond just citizenship, including voting rights, Social Security, Medicare, representation and taxation. Sundberg headed the organization until 1990, and remained on its Executive Committee until shortly before his death.
Overseas Americans Academy
In 2008 Sundberg and a group of like-minded individuals founded the Overseas Americans Academy, to write discussion papers and speak out on issues related to American affairs and overseas Americans. Sundberg remained its Secretary and principal spokesman until his death.
Political activities
Andy Sundberg was fascinated with the American political process from childhood. He often recounted the story of how, as a young boy of eleven, he and his sister strolled around Capitol Hill in Washington, DC, walked into the office of Secretary of State Dean Acheson, and charmed their way in to speak with Acheson himself.
The Overseas Citizens' Voting Rights Act (Pub.L. 94-203), signed into law by President Gerald Ford on January 2, 1976, gave American civilians resident abroad the right to vote in federal elections. Both major parties established overseas committees. Sundberg helped found both Democrats Abroad - Switzerland and Republicans Abroad Switzerland.
He was worldwide Chairman of Democrats Abroad from 1980 to 1985, and a member of the Democratic National Committee from 1981 to 1989.
In the early 1980s, while living in Geneva, he flew regularly to Washington where he served on the staff of the Chief Deputy Majority Whip in the U.S. House of Representatives.
In 1988 he became known worldwide when he ran for President of the United States as a candidate in the overseas Democratic Party primary; he came in third after winning the vote in five countries. His presidential campaign raised the awareness of issues and policies affecting overseas American citizens.
Associations
Starting at university and during his entire life, Sundberg brought people together into many different organizations, political, literary, historical and others. He created in Geneva, among others, the Adam Smith Society, the Burlamaqui Club, and the Overseas American Academy.
In 2007 he organized a celebration for the 500th anniversary of the creation of the first map which mentioned the name America, in the French town of Saint-Dié where the map had been drawn up.
In 2011 he organized an important celebration in Geneva for the 250th anniversary of the birth of Albert Gallatin (1761-1849), a Swiss from Geneva who emigrated to the United States and became the Secretary of the Treasury under President Thomas Jefferson.
He was an active member of Liberal International from 1984 until his death and worked with the Committee on Migration of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe for more than a decade.
Sundberg was also a life member of the American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars.
Shortly after Sundberg's death, another of his cherished initiatives finally came to fruition: a report was published by a Working Group of Americans living in Switzerland, which had organized a series of widely attended Town Hall Meetings held in different Swiss cities earlier in 2012. This extensive and impassioned review of how various U.S. policies impact citizens abroad was aimed at getting these issues onto the radar screens of Washington policy-makers. Sundberg was a moving force behind this exercise, and the final report may be considered his memorial.
Personal life and death
Andrew Sundberg married Chantal Messan of Chambéry, France, whom he met while at Oxford, on December 24, 1966. They had two daughters and one granddaughter.
Andrew Sundberg died of post-operative complications on August 30, 2012 in Geneva, Switzerland.
Memorial announcements appeared in the Swiss news-agency, Ellen Wallace's blog Geneva Lunch, Victoria Ferouge's blog, the Website of the Federation of American Women's Clubs Overseas. and in Swiss Romande's leading newspaper .
Honors
Sundberg was awarded American Citizens Abroad's Eugene Abrams Citizenship Award in 2008, in acknowledgment of his lifetime contributions to the cause of improving the status and increasing appreciation of overseas Americans.
He was also awarded a lifetime achievement by the Paris-based Association of Americans Resident Overseas (www.aaro.org) in 2012. The presentation of the award was made to his widow in January 2013. He was made an honorary member of FAWCO, the Federation of American Women's Clubs Overseas, in recognition of his work on behalf of children born to American women overseas who were not eligible for United States citizenship.
See also
American Citizens Abroad
Publications
"The expatriate employee: A comparative survey on how eight countries treat their citizens working abroad and the resulting cost impact on companies". Business International S.A. and Consultex S.A., Geneva, 1979. 276 pp.
"History of US Taxes Abroad from 1787 to 2001", 2011
References
External links
United States Naval Academy Foreign Affairs Conference
1941 births
2012 deaths
People from Hackensack, New Jersey
United States Naval Academy alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
American activists
American emigrants to Switzerland
Military personnel from New Jersey
A general election is a set of simultaneous elections that collectively determine the entire elected membership of a parliament.
General election may also refer to:
U.S. voting:
General election (U.S.), periodically scheduled election to single office
General election, biennial simultaneous elections to United States House of Representatives
Gwynfor Lloyd Williams (30 May 1925 in Kidwelly, Carmarthenshire – 18 July 2007) was a schoolmaster at Millfield School who played first-class cricket in a few matches for Somerset in 1955.
Educated at Christ College, Brecon and Oxford University, where he represented the university at table tennis, Williams made a few appearances as a right-handed batsman for Glamorgan's Second XI in the Minor Counties in the early 1950s. In 1955, he played the three first-class matches at the Weston-super-Mare festival for Somerset, batting in the middle order for the matches with Surrey and Glamorgan and opening the batting against Hampshire. All three matches, on a pitch that Wisden Cricketers' Almanack called "spiteful", were lost heavily by Somerset and in two of them the side was dismissed for 36 all out and 37 all out, the two lowest totals of the season. Only against Glamorgan did Williams make runs: his 24 in the first innings was the highest in a total of 108. In six first-class innings, he made just 30 runs.
Williams was a housemaster at Millfield for many years and also played club cricket for Bath Cricket Club.
References
1925 births
2007 deaths
People educated at Christ College, Brecon
Welsh cricketers
Somerset cricketers
People from Kidwelly
Vrettos is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Christos Vrettos (1894–1973), Greek athlete
Ioannis Vrettos, Greek long-distance runner
Nikos Vrettos (born 1995), Greek footballer
Spyros Vrettos (born 1960), Greek poet
Greek-language surnames
Congregation Yetev Lev D'Satmar () is a large Satmar Hasidic synagogue located at Rodney Street in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. It was constructed to replace the previous main Satmar synagogue on Bedford Avenue, which could no longer accommodate its growing membership. It is now the main synagogue for followers of Zalman Teitelbaum, son of the deceased Satmar rebbe Moshe Teitelbaum.
The monument of the Sigeter Rebbe, Yekusiel Yehuda Teitelbaum (1808–1883), spells Yetev with two yuds, whereas the Congregation Yetev Lev D'Satmar on Rodney Street spells Yetev with only one.
See also
Congregation Yetev Lev D'Satmar (Hooper Street, Brooklyn)
References
External links
קהל יטב לב דסאטמאר (in Yiddish)
Hasidic Judaism in New York City
Hasidic synagogues
Orthodox synagogues in New York City
Satmar (Hasidic dynasty)
Synagogues in Brooklyn
Williamsburg, Brooklyn
Yiddish culture in New York City
Sibirila is a commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The principal town lies at Manankoro. In 1998 the commune had a population of 14,012.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Hendrick may refer to:
People
Hendrick (given name), alternative spelling of the Dutch given name Hendrik
Hendrick (surname)
King Hendrick (disambiguation), one of two Mohawk leaders who have often been conflated:
Hendrick Tejonihokarawa (1660–c.1735), one of the "Four Mohawk Kings"
Hendrick Theyanoguin (1692–1755), Mohawk leader associated with Sir William Johnson
Other uses
Hendrick Cottage, a building in Simsbury, Connecticut, United States
Hendrick's Gin, Scottish gin brand
Hendrick Health System, American healthcare provider
Hendrick Island, large erosional feature in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States
Hendrick Manufacturing Company, American perforated metal manufacturer
Hendrick Motorsports, American stock car racing team
See also
Hendricks (disambiguation)
Hendrich (disambiguation)
Hendrik (disambiguation)
Henrick
Shepard R. Hurwitz is an American orthopedic surgeon who is both author and coauthor of over 100 peer reviewed articles. He works at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. He obtained his medical degree through the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and was a practitioner in several university health systems for 38 years. Currently he holds a faculty position at the University of North Carolina- Chapel Hill and is a past executive director of the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery. In 2011 he was presented with the 2011 VOS Career Award.
References
External links
Shepard Hurwitz at AAOS
Living people
20th-century births
American orthopedic surgeons
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chankiri may be:
the Khmer name of Samanea saman, a species of tree
an alternative Anglicisation of the name of Çankırı, a city in Turkey
St. Mark's Lutheran Church is a congregation of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod in Elberta, Alabama established in 1908. It is noted for its historic church on the east side CR 83, which was built in 1927 and added to National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
External links
Lutheran churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County, Alabama
Churches completed in 1927
Churches in Baldwin County, Alabama
Christian organizations established in 1908
20th-century Lutheran churches in the United States
Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod churches
Tegal Buleud is a coastal district within Sukabumi Regency in West Java, Indonesia, about south of the city of Sukabumi. At an altitude of approximately , the town is a major ricefield, with a hot climate than the surrounding highlands. Tegal Buleud is also a destination for surfing and fishing. Rubber production is a major industry in the area.
Currently being constructed is the steel industry in cibeureum, desa buni aish. It is the biggest industry in the south of Sukabumi Regency.
Populated places in West Java
Sukabumi Regency
Wolfgang Ewald (26 March 1911 – 24 February 1995) was a Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career
On 18 August 1940, known as The Hardest Day, twelve Messerschmitt Bf 109s from 2. Staffel of Jagdgeschwader 52 (JG 52—52nd Fighter Wing), led by Ewald, attacked RAF fighters out in the open at RAF Manston. After two passes, the Germans claimed ten fighters and three Bristol Blenheim bombers destroyed. In fact, just two No. 266 Squadron Supermarine Spitfire fighters were destroyed with another six Hawker Hurricane fighters damaged but repairable. A single Hurricane was also destroyed.
On 23 July 1942, Ewald was given command as Gruppenkommandeur (group commander) of III. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 3 "Udet" (JG 3—3rd Fighter Wing). He replaced Major Karl-Heinz Greisert who was killed in action the day before. Ewald was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () on 9 December 1942.
On 14 July 1943 during the Battle of Kursk, Ewald was shot down in his Bf 109 G-6 (Werknummer 20220—factory number) by Soviet flak northeast of Belgorod. He was temporarily replaced by Hauptmann Leo Eggers and Hauptmann Karl-Heinz Langer before command of III. Gruppe was officially given to Hauptmann Walther Dahl on 20 July. Ewald was taken prisoner of war and was held until 1949.
Summary of career
Aerial victory claims
According to Spick, Ewald was credited with 78 aerial victories claimed in an unknown number combat missions. This figure includes one aerial victory during the Spanish Civil War, two during the Battle of France and Britain and further 75 aerial victories on the Eastern Front. Matthews and Foreman, authors of Luftwaffe Aces — Biographies and Victory Claims, researched the German Federal Archives and found documentation for 65 aerial victory claims, plus two further unconfirmed claims. This number includes one claim during the Spanish Civil War, one over the Western Allies, and 63 on the Eastern Front.
Awards
Aviator badge
Spanish Cross in Gold with Swords (14 April 1939)
Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe
Iron Cross (1939) 2nd and 1st Class
Honour Goblet of the Luftwaffe on 21 September 1942 as Hauptmann and Gruppenkommandeur
German Cross in Gold on 3 October 1942 as Hauptmann in the III./Jagdgeschwader 3
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 9 December 1942 as Major and Gruppenkommandeur of the III./Jagdgeschwader 3 "Udet"
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Luftwaffe 1939–1945 History
TracesOfWar.com
1911 births
1995 deaths
Condor Legion personnel
German Air Force personnel
German military personnel of the Spanish Civil War
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
German World War II flying aces
Luftwaffe pilots
Military personnel from Hamburg
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Shot-down aviators
Udaya Tara Nayar is a film journalist in India.
Early life
Udaya Tara Nayar was born in Trivandrum on 15 August 1947 as the fifth child of Shri S Ayyappan Pillai, Commissioner of Trivandrum Corporation, and Jebalabai. She had her initial schooling at Holy Angels Convent, Kunnukuzhi, Trivandrum. Her father moved to Mumbai after he retired and Udaya Tara Nayar continued her schooling in Mumbai at St Anthony's High School, Chembur. She graduated in English Literature and French from the University of Mumbai as a student of Ramnarain Ruia College in 1966.
Career
Early career
Udaya Tara Nayar began her journalism career in 1967 at Screen, under the mentorship of editor Shri S S Pillai, her paternal uncle. Pillai fostered an ethic of writing "from her conscience, adhering to facts and truths , treating all as equal, not hurting anyone, taking a detached, objective approach." This helped Mrs Nayar earn a reputation for being unbiased and balanced in her writing.
In 1995, Mrs Nayar launched the Screen Awards, the first awards of the Hindi cinema industry to be judged by a jury representing all sectors and crafts of the industry. Under her leadership, the Screen Awards became noted for their fairness and freedom from manipulation and bias.
In 1996, Mrs Nayar left Screen to pursue personal commitments. In her absence, the publication changed from a broadsheet format to a magazine format. Mrs Nayar returned in 1998 as editor, and restored the broadsheet format.
In 2000, Mrs Nayar once again left Screen to help raise her grandchildren. It was at this time that Dilip Kumar approached her to write his biography, The Substance and the Shadow, which made the Amazon bestseller list within two weeks of its publication.
Awards and honours
Mrs Nayar has won the following honours, recognitions and awards for her contribution to cinema journalism:
Head of the National Jury for Books in the National Film Awards three times 1996, 1998 and 2004.
Member of the Script Advisory Committee of Children's Film Society, India in 1998-1999.
Member of the Advisory Council of Film and Television Institute of India in 1998-1999.
Head of the Jury for the Aravindan Awards in Kerala.
Honoured by the Chief Minister of Kerala, Shri A.K. Antony as a Global Malayalee in 2000, an award bestowed on distinguished Malayalees for their contribution to social betterment.
The Best Junior Citizen award by the South Bombay Jaycees Committee in 1989 for creating a healthy trend in clean journalism.
The Salaam Bombay Magazine award for the Best Cinema Journalist in 1989.
The K.A. Abbas Memorial Award for Excellence in Film Journalism in 1989.
The Priyanka Gandhi Award for Excellence in Film Journalism and championing of clean film journalism in 2004, given by the World of Priyanka Gandhi magazine.
The 50th National Film Awards, presented by Directorate of Film Festivals, were announced by a committee headed by Prakash Jha, Rajiv Mehrotra and Udaya Tara Nayar for the feature films, non-feature films and books written on Indian cinema.
Personal
Mrs Nayar is married to V V Nayar, a pharmaceutical executive. They have one daughter, Vasanthamalini, and two grandchildren. , Mrs Nayar is writing a book of short stories set in the southern India of her youth, dedicated to her grandchildren.
References
External links
Uday Tara Nayar interview. Glamsham.com
Indian film critics
Journalists from Kerala
1947 births
Living people
Indian women critics
Writers from Thiruvananthapuram
Women writers from Kerala
20th-century Indian journalists
20th-century Indian women writers
Indian women journalists
The 2013 Ironman World Championship was a long distance triathlon competition that was held on October 12, 2013 in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii. The event was won by Belgium's Frederik Van Lierde and Australia's Mirinda Carfrae. It was the 37th edition of the Ironman World Championship, which has been held annually in Hawaii since 1978. The championship is organized by the World Triathlon Corporation (WTC).
Championship results
Men
Women
Carfrae broke Chrissie Wellington's course record of 8:54:02 set in 2009. She also lowered her own marathon course record of 2:52:09 set in 2011.
Qualification
For entry into the 2013 World Championship race, amateur athletes were required to qualify through a performance at an Ironman or selected Ironman 70.3 race. Entry into the championship race could also be obtained through a random allocation lottery or through the Ironman's charitable eBay auction. The division of athletes was divided into professional, age group, physically challenged, and hand cycle divisions.
For professional triathletes, the 2013 championship season marked the third year of a point system that determined which professional triathletes would qualify for the championship race. To qualify, points were earned by competing in WTC sanctioned Ironman and Ironman 70.3 events throughout the qualifying year. For the 2013 championship race that period is September 1, 2012 to August 31, 2013. The top 50 male and top 35 female pros in points at the end of the qualifying year qualified to race in Kona. An athlete's five highest scoring races were counted in the point totals. At least one Ironman race must have been completed and only three Ironman 70.3 races count towards an athlete's overall point total. Prior champions received an automatic entry for the Championship race for a period of five years after their last championship performance provided that they competed in at least one full-distance Ironman race during the qualifying year. Their entry did not count toward the number of available qualifying spots.
The Ironman 2013 series consisted of 27 Ironman races plus the 2012 Ironman World Championship which was itself a qualifier for the 2013 Championship.
Qualifying Ironmans
2013 Ironman Series results
Men
*Swim shortened to 1.5k due to weather conditions.
Women
*Swim shortened to 1.5k due to weather conditions.
YWC Sports purchase
In June 2013, World Triathlon Corporation purchased YWC Sports, a private company that organizes triathlons and endurance sport events in Denmark. YWC Sports was contracted by the Challenge Family, a competing brand of WTC's Ironman races, to produce the long distance triathlon races Challenge Copenhagen and Challenge Aarhus. However, Challenge Family CEO Felix Walchshöfer did not wish to have WTC produce a Challenge licensed event and therefore terminated YWC's agreement stating that the sale to WTC constituted a breach of contract. As a result, the Challenge Copenhagen race, which was scheduled to race in August 2013, was rebranded as Ironman Copenhagen and 50 qualifying spots were offered up for the 2013 Ironman World Championships. Challenge Aarhus was replaced by Ironman 70.3 Aarhus and took place in June 2014.
References
External links
Ironman website
Professional Triathlete Qualifying Rules
Ironman World Championship
Ironman
Sports competitions in Hawaii
2013 in sports in Hawaii
Triathlon competitions in the United States
Mookda Narinrak (มุกดา นรินทร์รักษ์; born 1996) or known as Mook (มุก) is an actress, model and dancer in Thailand. She is mostly known for her roles in Mussaya (2017), Suparburuth Jom Jorn (2019), So Wayree (2020) and Ku Kaen Saen Ruk (2021). She is the winner of Miss Teen Thailand 2011.
Early life
Mookda Narinrak is born on 26 July 1996 in Ranong province, Thailand. She went to Pichai Ratana Carmi Secondary School for her high school education. She also attended University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce (UTCC) majoring in Communication Arts.
Career
She competed in Miss Teen Thailand in 2011 and she was the winner for that year. She also participated in another show that is TO BE NUMBER ONE IDOL 2012 CONTEST and won for dance team category. Other than that she's also working as a model for Japan Magazine Ray from 2013 to 2014, where she worked both in Bangkok and Tokyo as a professional runway model. In 2016, she signed a contract with Channel 7 to become one of the actresses. Her debut drama was in Kamin Gub Poon, where she is paired with Bank Arthit Tangwiboonpanit.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Music video appearances
FilmographyMC
Television
20 : ทุกวัน เวลา น.-น. ทางช่อง () ร่วมกับ
Online
2018 : Ep.1 ฮาน่า มุกดา พลอย On Air YouTube:PHM Channel ร่วมกับ Hana Lewis, Randapa Muntalumpa
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Mookda Narinrak on Channel 7
1996 births
Living people
Mookda Narinrak
Mookda Narinrak
Mookda Narinrak
Mookda Narinrak
Thai television personalities
Mookda Narinrak
Female YouTubers
Alfie Sean Devine (born 1 August 2004) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Tottenham Hotspur.
Early life
Devine was born on 1 August 2004 in Warrington. He is the son of former rugby league Sean Devine, who played for St Helens from 1986 to 1991, and Oldham from 1992 to 1993.
Club career
Devine was an academy player of Liverpool. He was released when he was 11 and, four months later, he joined Wigan Athletic. He made his under-23 debut aged 15, and was part of the team that beat Tottenham Hotspur in the fourth round of the 2019–20 FA Youth Cup, coming on as a late substitute. He started in the quarter-final against Manchester United at Old Trafford. He was signed by Wigan on 6 June 2020. However, Wigan went into administration less than a month later, and he was then sold to Tottenham Hotspur on 28 July for around £300,000.
Devine played in the U23 match against Chelsea in December 2020, where he made a tackle on Danny Drinkwater and became involved in a physical confrontation with Drinkwater. Both players were sent off.
On 10 January 2021, Devine made his senior debut for Tottenham in the third round match of the FA Cup against Marine. He came on as a substitute at the start of the second half and scored a goal, capping a 5–0 win for Tottenham. His debut at 16 years and 163 days made him the youngest player to have played for Tottenham in a senior game, breaking the record previously held by his under-18 teammate Dane Scarlett.
International career
Devine represented England at under-16 level, playing at the Sportchain AGS Cup in December 2019; the tournament was won by Spain, but he was named player of the tournament.
On 2 September 2021, Devine made his debut for the England U19s during a 2–0 victory over Italy U19s at St. George's Park.
On 17 June 2022, Devine was included in the England U19 squad for the 2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship. He scored in their opening group game against Austria. Devine started in the final as England won the tournament with a 3-1 extra time victory over Israel on 1 July 2022.
Career statistics
Honours
England U19s
UEFA European Under-19 Championship: 2022
References
External links
2004 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Warrington
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
England youth international footballers
is a railway station on the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the Nishikigawa Railway, a third-sector railway company.
Lines
The station is served by the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line and is located 5.4 km from the start of the line at .
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on 18 March 1993 as an added station on the existing track of the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 4 passengers daily.
References
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1993
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Şeyhli, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
God's Not Dead may refer to:
God's Not Dead (album), a 2011 album by the Newsboys
Newsboys Live in Concert: God's Not Dead, a 2012 live album by the Newsboys
"God's Not Dead (Like a Lion)", a song by the Newsboys
God's Not Dead, a series of Christian films:
God's Not Dead (film), a 2014 Christian film
God's Not Dead 2, a 2016 sequel
God's Not Dead: A Light in Darkness, a 2018 sequel
God's Not Dead: We The People, a 2021 sequel
See also
"Bart's Not Dead", an episode of The Simpsons referencing the Christian film series
God is dead (disambiguation)
Isabelle van Randwyck known as Issy van Randwyck (born in Hong Kong) is an English singer and actress. She is a former member of British comedy singing group and satirical cabaret act Fascinating Aïda.
Biography
Of Dutch descent, Baroness Isabelle van Randwyck grew up in Kent and was educated at Sibton Park, West Heath Girls' School and Queensgate, London. She appeared as the only "real" girl in the drag cabaret at Madame Jojo's from 1989 to 1991. She was vocalist alongside Hugh Lindsay (equerry to HM The Queen) in the Sweatband. In 1990 she was a featured vocalist, along with Robin Wright, on a dance version of "California Dreamin'" by the studio group The Midnight Shift, reaching no 1 in the Hi Energy charts. She sang with the jazz harmonica player Larry Adler from 1991, touring worldwide with him. She can be heard on his tribute album The Glory of Gershwin, produced by George Martin. As an actress she has appeared at the Royal National, the West End and Regents Park Open Air theatres (nominated for an Olivier Award for Best Supporting Performance for the latter's production of Kiss Me, Kate). She was cast in many television series including Waiting for God, Spooks, Trial & Retribution, Numbertime, and in the films The Danish Girl,Blithe Spirit and Christopher and His Kind. She is the curator of The Festival at Hampstead Theatre, a drama and literary festival started in 2015.
She was also a part of Fascinating Aïda for five years from 1994 to 1999, and was nominated for two Olivier Awards for Best Entertainment.
Personal life
She is married to the director Edward Hall, with whom she worked on Spooks, Kingdom, Trial & Retribution and Partners in Crime. They have two daughters, Georgia and Savannah. Her father-in-law was the late Sir Peter Hall. Both van Randwyck and her elder daughter appeared in the TV series Kingdom in early 2008.
Selected theatre
Dirty Dancing – Aldwych Theatre
The Go-Between – Apollo Theatre
For Services Rendered – Watermill Theatre
Raving, No Naughty Bits and A Further Education – Hampstead Theatre
Aladdin – Guildford Panto, O2 and Richmond Theatre
A Little Night Music - (Petra) and Once in a Lifetime – Royal National Theatre
The boyfriend'' – (Lady Brockhurst) – Menier Chocolate Factory, 2019
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
English stage actresses
British cabaret performers
English television actresses
English people of Dutch descent
The E6 European long distance path or E6 path is one of the European long-distance paths from the northwest tip of Finland through Sweden, Denmark, Germany and Austria to the Adriatic coast in Slovenia. A second section starts again in Greece to finish in Turkey.
Finland
Responsible organisation: None
European Ramblers' Association doesn't take the responsibility for E6 in Finland, because of no ERA Member Organisation in this country.
Some of the places passed on the north-to-south route include:
Kilpisjärvi, Finland
Kemi, Finland
Tampere, Finland
Turku, Finland
Mariehamn, Finland
Sweden
Responsible organisation: Svenska Turistforeningen
Some of the places passed on the north-to-south route include:
Grisslehamn, Sweden (reached by ferry)
Stockholm, Sweden
the lake country of S Sweden
Malmö, Sweden
Denmark
Responsible organisation: Dansk Vandrelaug
Route
The E-path starts in Kastrup Airport in Copenhagen and follows the southern side of Copenhagen towards Roskilde.
An alternate E6 starts in Helsingør and follows Nordsjællandsruten to Roskilde. It goes through North Zealand and passes nationalpark Kongernes Nordsjælland.
From Roskilde the E-path follows partly the trail Skjoldungestien to Ringsted.
From Ringsted to Korsør the E-path follows its own track.
In Korsør you take the train over Great Belt to Nyborg, where the E-path continues south towards Svendborg, where it follows the trail Øhavsstien on the southern part of Fyn.
Take the ferry from Svendborg to Ærøskøbing on the island Ærø and continue along Øhavsstien to Søby.
Take the ferry from Søby to Fynshav, where you continue south to meet the Leading Quality Trail Gendarmstien.
Follow Gendarmstien, passing Sønderborg and Gråsten towards Kruså.
The E-path is well documented on Waymarked Trails
The E-path is not well marked on Fyn !
External links
European Ramblers Association data on E6 in Denmark
Germany
Responsible organisation: Deutsche Wanderverband
Some of the places passed on the north-to-south route include:
Kiel, Germany
Lübeck, Germany
Fichtelgebirge, Germany
Dreisesselberg, Germany
Austria
In Austria the E6 follows the routes of Nordwaldkammweg (from Dreisesselberg to Nebelstein) and Nord-Süd-Weitwanderweg 05 (North-South-Trail) to Eibiswald near the Slovenian border.
Some of the places passed on the north-to-south route include:
Upper Austria:
Bad Leonfelden
Freistadt
Lower Austria:
Nebelstein
Spitz an der Donau (200 m, the lowest point in Austria)
Melk
Lackenhof / Ötscher
Styria:
Mariazell
Hochschwab (2277 m, the highest point in Austria)
Leoben
Gleinalpe
Koralpe
Eibiswald
External links
European Ramblers Association data on E6 in Austria
Slovenia
Some of the places passed on the north-to-south route include:
Radlje ob Dravi
Koper
Strunjan
Greece
Some of the places passed on the north-to-south route include:
Igoumenitsa, Greece
Florina, Greece
Alexandroupoli, Greece
Turkey
Some of the places passed on the north-to-south route include:
Dardanelles, Turkey
External links
E6 at the European Ramblers' Association
Waymarkedtrails.com
Kommission for European Footpaths in Slovenia
Interactive map of E6 in Slovenia (Slovene language)
Hiking trails in Germany
European long-distance paths
Hiking trails in Slovenia
Thrinaxodon Col () is a rock col 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) southeast of Rougier Hill. The col is along the ridge that trends southward from Rougier Hill in the Cumulus Hills, Queen Maud Mountains. The name was proposed to Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1971 by geologist David H. Elliot of the Ohio State University Institute of Polar Studies. The col is a very important fossil (vertebrate) locality at which several specimens of the mammal-like reptile Thrinaxodon were found.
Paleontological sites of Antarctica
Mountain passes of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Peter Lawrence Naoya Sugiyama (April 19, 1943–June 10, 2007) was a Palauan politician.
Personal life
Sugiyama's father was a Japanese immigrant. He moved to Koror in 1914 at the invitation of his uncle, after the Japanese Empire seized control of the islands as part of its World War I invasion of German New Guinea (which control would later be formalised by the League of Nations as the South Seas Mandate). He began his new life there as a teacher, but would go on to manage a fruit packing company and a cafe. He married Rosang Sayoko Serek, the daughter of a local chieftain.
Peter Sugiyama himself was born to Hayato and Rosang on April 19, 1943. After completing his early education at Koror Elementary School and Mindszenty Intermediate School, he went overseas to continue his education, first to Xavier High School on Weno (then also part of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, now a municipality of Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia) and then the University of Guam, where he studied political science and history (BA 1967) and then sociology and public administration (BA 1968). In 1982, he was a witness to the shooting death of Bedor Bins, which occurred during an assassination attempt on his son Roman Bedor; the assassins also fired a shot at Sugiyama himself, but missed.
Sugiyama was married to fellow politician Akiko C. Bedor Sugiyama. She was the first woman elected to the Palau National Congress, and in 2005 also became one of the first, along with Vicki Kanai, after Governor Theodosia Blailes of Angaur in 1993, to be elected as a state governor.
Political career
On public bodies
Beginning in 1970, Sugiyama served in leadership positions on a number of public bodies, including:
Vice Chairman of the Palau Economic Development Planning Council
Vice Chairman of the T.T. Coconut Processing Council
Chairman of the Palau Public Lands Authority
Executive Director of the Palau Community Action Agency
In his position on the CAA, he ran a program to help Palauans develop fishing and agricultural skills to earn income, and expressed opposition to port development in Koror due to its potential environmental effects.
In elected office
Sugiyama was first elected to public office in 1979, serving thereafter as:
Delegate to the First Palau Constitutional Convention, 1979
Member of the Seventh Palau Legislature, 1980
Senator (Koror) in the First Senate of Palau
Senator (Fourth Senatorial District) in the Third Senate of Palau, 1989–1992
Senator (Fourth Senatorial District) in the Fourth Senate of Palau, 1993–1996
Senator (Second Senatorial District) in the Fifth Senate of Palau, 1996–1999
During his last term, he was elected President of the Senate, from January 1993 to November 1996.
2000 presidential campaign
Sugiyama ran for president in the 2000 election. During his tenure as Senate president, he had been a loyal supporter of outgoing president Kuniwo Nakamura, and hoped to be next in line after Nakamura stepped down at the end of his second term due to term limits. However, in July 2000, Nakamura announced his support for his vice president Tommy Remengesau's presidential campaign. With this strong support, Rememgesau thus came in first in the primaries; out of 9,221 votes cast, he took almost 43% (4,000 votes), against just 22% (2,050) for second-place Sugiyama, with the rest distributed among minister of education Billy Kuartei, senator Santos Olikong, and Angaur governor Ben Roberto. The three other losers in the primaries threw their weight behind Sugiyama for the general elections, and he managed to significantly narrow the gap between himself and Remengesau. In the end, out of 10,718 votes (an 81% turnout), Sugiyama lost by a margin of 674 votes.
Death
After a long battle with illness, Sugiyama died on June 10, 2007. He was survived by his wife, two sons (Clarence and Wayne), one daughter (Sarah Lynn), two sisters (Michie and Yosie), and four brothers (Nobuya, John Takaya, George, and Singeru).
References
1943 births
2007 deaths
Palauan politicians of Japanese descent
Presidents of the Senate of Palau
University of Guam alumni
People from Koror
Inchara Rao made her debut in Kannada films in 2007 with Mano Murthy-composition, "Nanna Stylu Berene" from Geleya. Her rise to prominence came with the release of the song "Kareyole" from RangiTaranga (2015). The song fetched her a Filmfare Award.
Kannada film songs
2007
2013
2015
2016
2017
2018
Other languages
References
Rao, Inchara
Kannada film songs
The National Prize for Exact Sciences () was created in 1992 as one of the replacements for the National Prize for Sciences under Law 19169. The other two prizes in this same area are for Natural Sciences and Applied Sciences and Technologies.
It is part of the National Prize of Chile.
Jury
The jury is made up of the Minister of Education, who calls it, the Rector of the University of Chile, the President of the , a representative of the Council of Rectors, and the last recipient of the prize.
Winners
1993, Servet Martínez and Eric Goles (mathematics)
1995, Claudio Bunster (physics)
1997, María Teresa Ruiz (astronomy)
1999, José Maza Sancho (astronomy)
2001, (physics)
2003, Carlos Conca (mathematics)
2005, (physics)
2007, (physics)
2009, Ricardo Baeza Rodríguez (mathematics)
2011, (mathematics)
2013, Manuel del Pino (mathematics)
2015, Mario Hamuy (astronomy)
2017, Guido Garay Brignardello (astronomy)
2019, Dora Altbir (nanoscience and nanotechnology)
See also
CONICYT
List of astronomy awards
List of computer science awards
List of mathematics awards
List of physics awards
References
1992 establishments in Chile
Awards established in 1992
Chilean science and technology awards
Mathematics awards
Physics awards
Astronomy prizes
Computer science awards
Information science awards
1992 in Chilean law
Arbitrary inference is a classic tenet of cognitive therapy created by Aaron T. Beck in 1979. He defines the act of making an arbitrary inference as the process of drawing a conclusion without sufficient evidence, or without any evidence at all. In cases of depression, Beck found that individuals may be more prone to cognitive distortions, and make arbitrary inferences more often. These inferences could be general and/or in reference to the effectiveness of their medicine or treatment. Arbitrary inference is one of numerous specific cognitive distortions identified by Beck that can be commonly presented in people with anxiety, depression, and psychological impairments.
Arbitrary inferences tend to derive from emotional disturbances one experienced and gave a distorted meaning. Most of the time that distorted meaning involves blaming the self. In the book Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy a book by David D. Burns, a student of Aaron T. Beck, discusses more in detail the cognitive distortions. Burns explains arbitrary inference or "jumping to conclusions" with two of the most common examples of arbitrary inference: "Mind Reading" and "The Fortune Teller Error". When "Mind Reading" in arbitrary inference, one will believe other's are thinking negatively about them. When "Mind Reading," one is so convinced others are thinking negatively about them, they do not even bother confirming. This acts as a self-fulfilling prophecy when the person avoids or counterattacks the other person, and as a result creating a tension that would not exist had they not applied the inference. In "The Fortune Teller Error" one would imagine something failing or bad happening, and suddenly they are convinced it will happen, despite the irrationality of it. Similarly to "Mind Reading" it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.
According to Beck (1967), a person goes through life with detrimental schemas and pessimistic point of view, they reinforce their harmful thoughts. People's prior beliefs also tend to reinforce that way of thinking, like when they focus on information that is in alignment with their belief and disregard equally relevant facts that do not align with their schemas. These schemas that dominate the cognitive processes consist of 1) Feeling inadequate and faulty, 2) Believing all actions and experiences will lead to failure, and 3) The future is discouraging. Over time, these thought processes become automatic. Without time to reflect on the cognitive process, one believes that their illogical reasoning to their conclusion is valid. Attributing the negative and distorted meaning of an event results in latent schemas that are later activated by events and influence how information from the event is processed. When a person creates an arbitrary inference it intervenes and is seen as effective response to the event.
In a 2003 study attempting to understand cognitive processes like arbitrary inference on depression, researchers compared 42 patients with chronic depression, 27 patients with major depressive disorder (non-chronic), and 24 patients that had never been psychiatrically ill before. The study included the Attributional Style Questionnaire, a ruminative response style questionnaire, the Schema Questionnaire, and the Dysfunctional Attitude Scale. While studies showed that both of the depressed groups were significantly elevated in every cognitive measure compared to the control group, the depressed group scored higher in the attributional style.
Moreover, Beck has also studied the relationships between cognitive distortions and idiosyncrasies, where the inferences made could be based more on one's own personality rather than on a depressive state of emotions. This research shows that while common in those with depression, inferences can be made in any number of cases. The main issue covered, however, is how these can negatively affect someone's personal schema when coupled with the already negative emotions brought about by anxiety or depression.
Cognitive Therapy for Arbitrary Inference Aaron T. Becks approach to helping people with arbitrary inference is to ask them questions about the inference. Beck Leads the people to think about the rationality of the automatic thoughts that happen when one is using arbitrary inference as an explanation to an event. By studying what people thought of themselves when they were depressed, Beck and his associates were able to develop this form of therapy to offer a change in self-opinion.
Moreover, different approaches have also been taken in cognitive therapy for these inferences, such as Cognitive Bias Modification (CBM). This involves modification of Beck's original theory on depression, coming up with positive views and feelings for situations, as opposed to negative ones. The point of the study was to show that simply thinking positively about something allows one to correctly attribute a situation, rather than ‘arbitrarily' drawing false conclusions.
In Other Studies
Other scientists have also applied Beck's principle of arbitrary inference in studies on emotion in depressive patients. These studies showed that, in support of Beck's model on depression, arbitrary inferences were some the most common thoughts during the exercises. This lends to the necessity of cognitive therapy, especially for couples, so as to lessen some of these thoughts.
Studies done on CBM (Cognitive Bias Modification) have shown that changing the views one has on the world or on specific events can lead to a decrease in stress and an increase in confident performance. Lester and associates research methods on how to adequately cope with stress or even reduce its effects, and in the scope of Beck's research on inferences, they concluded that positive thinking and correct attributions can lead one to live a healthier lifestyle.
Some sources have also referenced this phenomenon in counseling, as one of the cognitive distortions proposed by Beck. Among others, arbitrary inference is one of the distortions that causes a person to misrepresent or misinterpret a scenario, which can especially cause problems among couples.
Beck's theories on depression, specifically about arbitrary inferences, have also been examined by researchers, to prove their validity or their usefulness. This research came before Beck officially published his theory of arbitrary inference in the 1970s, when his theory of cognitive therapy was still being argued. Researchers examined his theory, along with those of Bergin and Ullmann, to test their applicable nature to the subject of cognitive therapy. In doing so, Beck's thoughts were generally justified, with the research concluding that of the many distortions discussed in the studies, arbitrary inference was one of the commonly present distortions found in participants. Since then, Beck's theory has been widely used, more so than Ellis' Technique of Irrational Beliefs, also called the ABC method or rational emotive behavior therapy.
Examples
One member of a married couple who does not receive a text back from his or her significant other promptly could conclude, "He or she must be cheating", or someone who has been feeling down on a rainy day could conclude, "I have seasonal depression".
In media, using an arbitrary inference is a common hyperbolic way to express oneself, especially when feeling more anxious or depressed. A person may receive requests to spend time with someone else, and in this state, they may assume it is because something is wanted, that they are going to be used. There is little to no evidence that this is the case, but the person infers that it is so, regardless.
See also
Jumping to Conclusions
Cognitive Therapy
References
Cognitive therapy
Inference
Ignorance
And We Were Lovers is a 1967 studio album by Shirley Bassey. The album featured Bassey's first recording of "Big Spender', the single subsequently hit #21 on the charts.
And We Were Lovers was recorded in America and in England. The American release replaced "On a Clear Day You Can See Forever" with "Walking Happy", which was not available in the UK until the release of a compilation album The Shirley Bassey Collection II in the mid-1970s. A different version of "Big Spender", produced by Kenneth Hume and arranged by Marty Paich, also appeared only on the US issue. These two recordings are included as bonus tracks on a 2005 BGO Records release that has a remastered And We Were Lovers and I've Got a Song for You on a single CD in stereo.
Track listing
Side One.
"And We Were Lovers" (Jerry Goldsmith, Leslie Bricusse)
"Summer Wind" (Hans Bradtke, Henry Mayer, Johnny Mercer)
"Somebody Like Me" (Wayne Carson Thompson)
"It Must Be Him" (Seul Sur Son Étoile) (Gilbert Bécaud, Maurice Vidalin, Mack David)
"Big Spender" (Dorothy Fields, Cy Coleman)
Side Two.
"The Impossible Dream" (Mitch Leigh, Joe Darion)
"Dommage, Dommage" (Too Bad, Too Bad) (Paul Vance, Lee Pockriss)
"On a Clear Day You Can See Forever" (Alan Jay Lerner, Burton Lane)
"If You Go Away" (Ne Me Quitte Pas) (Rod McKuen, Jacques Brel)
"That's Life" (Dean Kay, Kelly Gordon)
Personnel
Shirley Bassey – vocal
Marty Paich – arranger, conductor (Tracks 1,3,4,7,9,10)
Ernie Freeman - arranger, conductor (Tracks 2,5,6,8)
References
Shirley Bassey on Official Charts
Shirley Bassey albums
1967 albums
United Artists Records albums
Albums produced by Norman Newell
Albums conducted by Marty Paich
Albums arranged by Marty Paich
Albums conducted by Ernie Freeman
Albums arranged by Ernie Freeman
Adam Kyler Petty (July 10, 1980 – May 12, 2000) was an American professional stock car racing driver. He was the fourth generation from the Petty family to drive in races in the highest division of NASCAR racing, mostly in what was then known as the NASCAR Busch Series. He was believed to be the first young fourth-generation athlete in all of modern American professional sports.
Early life
Petty was raised in High Point, North Carolina into stock car racing "royalty." The son of Kyle Petty, he was widely expected to become the next great Petty, following in the footsteps of his father, grandfather Richard, and great-grandfather Lee.
Racing career
Petty began his career in 1998, shortly after he turned 18, in the ARCA Re/Max Series. Like his father Kyle, he won his first ARCA race, driving the #45 Pontiac at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
Petty moved to NASCAR Busch Series full-time in 1999, driving the No. 45 Chevrolet. Petty finished sixth in his first Busch Series race at Daytona and had the best finish of fourth place at Fontana, though he also failed to qualify for three of the Busch races. Petty finished the 1999 season 20th overall in points.
Petty Enterprises planned to have Petty run a second Busch season in 2000, while giving him seven starts in the 2000 NASCAR Winston Cup Series, in preparation for a full Winston Cup campaign in 2001. He struggled early in the Busch season, but managed to qualify in his first attempt at Winston Cup during the DirecTV 500 at Texas Motor Speedway on April 2. He qualified 33rd and ran in the middle of the pack most of the day before his engine expired, forcing him to finish 40th. Adam never got to race alongside his father. Kyle failed to qualify and eventually relieved an ill Elliott Sadler, but Adam was already out of the race. Lee Petty, Adam's great-grandfather, and 3-time NASCAR Champion, lived to see his Winston debut, but died just three days later.
Death
On May 12, 2000, in a practice session for the Busch 200 race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, which would have been his 48th career Busch Series start, Petty's throttle had stuck wide open going into the third turn of the track, causing the car to hit the outside wall virtually head on, killing Adam instantly as he developed a basilar skull fracture. He was only 19 years old.
Petty's death, along with 1998 Winston Cup Rookie of the Year Kenny Irwin Jr.'s in the same corner at the same track eight weeks later, led NASCAR to mandate the use of a kill switch on the steering wheel and the adoption of the Whelen Modified Tour restrictor plate for the September Cup race; which was abandoned following the race, in where Jeff Burton led all the laps to win. Both adjustments addressed the cause of the deadly accidents, with the exception of course of the basilar skull fractures suffered by both drivers. At Texas Motor Speedway, Truck Series driver Tony Roper died on October 14, 2000 of a similar skull fracture. Mandatory use of the HANS or Hutchens device (designed to prevent the rapid-deceleration head-and-neck movements associated with the injuries and skull fractures associated with the Petty, Irwin, Jr., and Roper deaths) was mandated by NASCAR in October 2001, following the later deaths of seven-time Winston Cup champion Dale Earnhardt on the last lap of the Daytona 500 on February 18, 2001 and ARCA RE/MAX Series competitor Blaise Alexander during ARCA EasyCare 100 at Charlotte Motor Speedway on October 4, 2001, both of which died from the same fatal skull injuries. NASCAR also adopted the SAFER barriers in 2002; drivers had requested installation of soft walls prior to the September New Hampshire Cup race.
Adam's father Kyle Petty, who had driven the No. 44 Hot Wheels-sponsored Pontiac Grand Prix Winston Cup car at the time of his son's fatal crash at New Hampshire, chose to take over Adam's No. 45 car in the Busch Series for the remainder of 2000, with Steve Grissom taking the wheel of the blue no. 44 Pontiac. He then used the No. 45 in the Cup Series throughout the rest of his driving career during most of the 2000s decade. Kyle Petty later admitted he struggled with a personal depression during the 2001 Cup Series season about the loss of his son, which partly resulted in his poor finish in the 2001 Cup standings, but inspiring him to keep on driving the 45 car paying his tributes to Adam.
Legacy
In October 2000, five months after Petty's death, his family partnered with Paul Newman and the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp to begin the Victory Junction Gang Camp in Randleman, North Carolina as a memorial to Petty. The camp has received support from many NASCAR drivers, teams, and sponsors, including Cup Series sponsor Sprint, which has placed a replica of Petty's 1998 car in the camp. The camp began operation in 2004 and is an official charity of NASCAR.
Petty also appears as a special guest driver in the video games NASCAR 2000, NASCAR Rumble, NASCAR 2001 and NASCAR Arcade. Both NASCAR 2001 and NASCAR Heat include tributes to both him and Irwin Jr.
In December 2013, Adam's brother Austin named his newborn son after Adam in tribute.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Winston Cup Series
Busch Series
Craftsman Truck Series
ARCA Bondo/Mar-Hyde Series
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
References
External links
1980 births
2000 deaths
American Speed Association drivers
ARCA Menards Series drivers
NASCAR drivers
Sportspeople from High Point, North Carolina
Petty family
Kyle Petty
Richard Petty
Racing drivers from North Carolina
Racing drivers who died while racing
Sports deaths in New Hampshire
Sportspeople from Trenton, New Jersey
Corey Davis (born July 14, 1985) is a former American football offensive lineman. He was originally signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at James Madison.
References
External links
Georgia Force bio
AFL stats
1985 births
Living people
People from Lynwood, California
American football offensive linemen
Buffalo Bills players
Georgia Force players
James Madison Dukes football players
Milwaukee Iron players
Players of American football from California
Players of American football from Virginia
Sportspeople from Hampton, Virginia
Sportspeople from Los Angeles County, California
Molgramostim is a recombinant granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor which functions as an immunostimulator.
References
Immunostimulants
Ferdinand Kolarik (4 October 1937 – 6 January 2021) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1963.
References
External links
1937 births
2021 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Luis Domingos Antonio Cazengue (born August 11, 1969), nicknamed Luizinho, is a former Angolan footballer who began his career in Angola, and played primarily in Portugal.
Playing career
Cazengue began his career with Atlético Petróleos de Luanda in the Girabola. During his tenure with Luanda he won the Girabola league title five times from 1986 to 1990, and won the Taça de Angola in 1987, and 1992. In 1992, he went abroad to Portugal to sign with Lusitano G.C.of the Segunda Liga. In 1993, he had a tenure with C.D. Fátima. The following season, he signed with S.C. Braga of the Primeira Liga, where he appeared in 26 matches and scored two goals. After his tenure in the Primeira Liga he spends time with SC Lamego, Académico de Viseu FC, Clube Caçadores das Taipas, Lusitânia F.C., and F.C. Oliveira do Hospital. In 2002, he was loaned to Toronto Supra of the Canadian Professional Soccer League. He made his debut on August 29, 2002 in a match against Durham Flames, and scored a goal in a 5-2 victory. Unfortunately during his tenure with Toronto the club finished last in the Eastern Conference, and failed to clinch a postseason berth.
International career
Cazengue was selected for the Angola national football team roster for the 1996 African Cup of Nations. He made an appearance in the tournament against South Africa, where Angola lost the match to a score of 1-0.
Honours
Club
Petro Atlético
Girabola: 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990
Taça de Angola: 1987, 1992
References
1969 births
Living people
Angolan footballers
Angolan expatriate footballers
Angola international footballers
1996 African Cup of Nations players
Atlético Petróleos de Luanda players
Lusitano G.C. players
C.D. Fátima players
S.C. Braga players
S.C. Lamego players
Académico de Viseu F.C. players
SC Toronto players
Canadian Professional Soccer League (1998–2005) players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Angolan expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Angolan expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Association football forwards
Clube Caçadores das Taipas players
F.C. Oliveira do Hospital players
The Giant is a London plane tree, located in the city Chojna, Poland. It is one of the thickest trees in the country.
The name of the tree in Polish – Olbrzym – means a very large, huge thing (even a person).
The Giant is about 300 years old, according to the dendrochronological research, and once stood in the Viereck'scher Garten. It is a monumental, 35 m tall tree with a trunk circumference of 1066 cm (in 2014, at the narrowest place, 0.45 m high). Its circumference at breast height (CBH) is 11 m (in 2015).
This plane has a large, probably multistemmed, ellipsoid trunk. It forks at heights of 2.5 and 5 m, creating a large crown.
The tree is preserved by the local government because it had been set on fire several times. Since 2011 it is fenced to protect it from birds and insects.
In 2012, it was judged among the best trees in the competition for tree of the year in Poland.
The Giant Plane is the third thickest tree in Poland, and the largest and oldest London plane in the country.
References
Further reading
Paweł Zarzyński, Robert Tomusiak, Krzysztof Borkowski, Drzewa Polski, PWN, Warszawa, 2016,
Krzysztof Borkowski, Polskie drzewa, Wyd. DALPO, Poznań, 2014,
Paweł Zarzyński, Robert Tomusiak, 90 drzew - Okazy niezwykłe Centrum Informacyjne Lasów Państwowych, Warszawa, 2014,
See also
Bartek oak
Bażyński Oak
Jagiełło Oak
Individual trees in Poland
Natural monuments of Poland
Landmarks in Poland
Flora of Poland
Individual plane trees
Andrés Ingi Jónsson (born 16 August 1979) is an Icelandic MP, representing Reykjavík North as a member of the Pirate Party. He was first elected to the Alþingi in 2016 as a member of the Left-Green Movement and again in 2017, later leaving the party in protest.
He has an MA in War, Violence and Security from the University of Sussex and a BA in Philosophy from the University of Iceland. After his studies, he worked as a journalist and a committee secretary for the Constitutional Council.
Political focus
Andrés Ingi joined the Left-Green Movement during the 2009 Icelandic financial crisis protests and took a seat on the party's ticket for the 2009 elections. During the time of the 2009-2013 left-wing government, Andrés worked as the political advisor to both the Minister of Health and the Minister for the Environment. He first took a temporary seat in parliament in the summer of 2015, as a substitute for Steinunn Þóra Árnadóttir, later winning a permanent seat in the 2016 elections.
In April 2019, Andrés proposed a bill to hold a referendum on withdrawal from NATO membership. In late-2019, he left the party in protest over the government coalition agreement, stating that "often compromises have fallen far short of our ideals."
In October 2020, he proposed a bill to lower the voting age in Iceland to 16. In November 2020, he announced he would be introducing a bill to lower the speed limit in urban areas from 50 km/h to 30 km/h. In December 2020, he proposed a bill to make menstrual products free in Iceland. The bill was defeated in Parliament by a vote of 27 against to 26 for.
In January 2021, he called to amend the law on gender recognition to abolish the 9,000 ISK fee. Later that month, he supported a bill that would have made Holocaust denial illegal in Iceland. After sitting as an independent for a year and a half, he joined the Pirate Party in February 2021. In May 2021, he criticised the Directorate of Immigration for evicting refugees who had refused to participate in pre-deportation COVID screening from refugee centres.
References
Andres Ingi Jonsson
Andres Ingi Jonsson
Andres Ingi Jonsson
Living people
Alumni of the University of Sussex
Andres Ingi Jonsson
1979 births
"Make Love" is a hip hop song by American rapper Gucci Mane and Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. The song was released as a single on February 23, 2017, by Young Money Entertainment and Atlantic Records as the first single from Mane's eleventh studio album Mr. Davis.
It debuted and peaked at number 78 on the US Billboard Hot 100. On April 19, Mane released the music video for "Make Love". Following the release of the track, critics suggested that the track may have contained attacks directed at Minaj's enemies, most notably Remy Ma, who released the diss track, "Shether", aimed at Minaj, two days after "Make Love" was released.
Background
The collaboration marks the first time after seven years Mane and Minaj were on a song together. The song also marks the first time the pair worked together since they exchanged heated words on Twitter in 2013.
On February 23, 2017, Mane announced on his Twitter that he was dropping the "hardest song of the year" at midnight. A music video soon followed.
On the track, Minaj takes shots at Remy Ma, who previously released "Money Shower" which was allegedly aimed at Minaj.
Critical reception
The song received highly positive reviews from critics, most comparing Minaj's verse to her "Monster" verse. Vanessa Okoth-Obbo of Pitchfork praised the song, saying "Gucci's already claiming this is the 'hardest song of the year', and his swaggering verses find him extolling his fame, wealth, and finer things in life". Daniel Kreps of Rolling Stone wrote "Minaj appears on the second half of 'Make Love' to deliver a feisty verse that takes aim at an unnamed challenger to her throne: 'You see, silly rabbit / To be the queen of rap / You gotta sell records / You gotta get plaques / S, plural / Like the S on my chest / Now sit your dumb ass down / You got an 'F' on the test', she says on the track." The Musical Hype gave the track a three and half star rating, stating "'Make Love' truly has little to do with sex… Gucci flexes ('Damn, who colder than me?'). Nicki shuts it down ('I rep Queens where they listen to a bunch of Nas / I'm a yes and these b*tches is a bunch of nahs'). This isn't totally new from the ATL rapper or his partner-in-crime, but it works out sensationally all in all." The Fader's Will Bundy called the song "a bar-heavy banger with a twinkly melodic loop that feels a little like a throwback to 'Freaky Gurl'". Bundy also stated: "for the record, Nicki is going hard, and it kinda feels personal".
Music video
The music video was directed by Eif Rivera. On March 27, 2017, Minaj surprised her fanbase with the "Make Love" visual release date on Twitter. The following day, the video was uploaded on Mane's Vevo. The video primarily shows Mane and Minaj, with Minaj seen delivering her verse seated on an oversized pool float unicorn. Meanwhile, Gucci is shown driving around his mansion, relaxed, listening to his music.
Charts
Certifications
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Gucci Mane songs
Nicki Minaj songs
Songs written by Gucci Mane
Songs written by Nicki Minaj
Songs written by Southside (record producer)
Kysorychi (, ) is a village located in Rivne Oblast, Ukraine. Before the 1939 Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland, the village was named Kisorycze and was located in Gmina Kisorycze, Sarny County, Wołyń Voivodeship in the eastern part of the Second Polish Republic. The biggest employer in the area was a glass factory in Rokytne (Рокитне) 8 km north of town, employing 400 workers.
World War II
The village was one of hundreds of sites of mass killings during the wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia between 1942 and 1945. Polish families were murdered there by UPA death squads aided by the local Ukrainians; as in the case of the Żołnowski family, choked to death with a rope by their own neighbors. The eye-witness account was provided by the Żołnowski wife, who survived by pretending to be dead. The local Polish teacher Felicja Masojada, with Kasper Koziński and his Ukrainian wife Hanka and maid Cita, were ambushed on the road. Hanka (the Ukrainian) was sent home, but the rest were led into the forest by a death squad (sotnia) of Hrytsko Kashketsyuk, Ivan Kulpach "Tryhub", Ivan Shelyuk, Ivan Voloshyn, and Kostyantyn and Semen Kovalchuk, where the women were hanged upside down and dismembered.
See also
History of Poland (1939–1945)
Historiography of the Volyn tragedy
References
Andrzej Mielcarek, Strony o Wołyniu 2003-2008
OUN-UPA. Formacje zbrojne. Nacjonalistyczne formacje zbrojne Maksyma Borowcia „Tarasa Bulby" from Władysław and Ewa Siemaszko, Ludobójstwo.
Magdalena Żuraw, Na pohybel Lacham 20 July 2008
Villages in Rokytne Raion, Rivne Oblast
Africultures is a publication of arts and culture about and from Africa and its diasporas. Based in Paris, it was founded in 1997 under the impetus of Olivier Barlet by journalists and academics such as Virginie Andriamirado, Gérald Arnaud, Tanella Boni, Sylvie Chalaye, Christophe Cassiau-Haurie, Fayçal Chehat, Soeuf Elbadawi, Boniface Mongo-Mboussa, etc. The magazine is managed by the association Africultures and it is published by L'Harmattan. Since 2012 the documentation produced by the magazine and its database made of over 45,000 biographies of artists and 55,000 description of books, music, films and institutions has been released under the open Creative Commons attribution share alike license.
In July 2007 it launched, 10 years after its creation, another organ, Afriscope, devoted to news on the same field, arts and culture related to Africa and African diasporas, while also covering topics related to social life.
Africultures now focuses its activity on its website. In 2021, it exceeded 10,000 news or reflection articles, videos and podcasts.
Content of the publication
Every issue of the Africultures journal is devoted to a specific topic.
Initially published monthly on 96 and then 128 pages in 13x21.5 cm format, Africultures became a quarterly magazine from issue 54 of January–March 2003 onwards, with approximately 250 pages in 16x24 cm format. Co-published by the publisher L'Harmattan and the association Africultures, it published 106 issues until 2017.
Africultures maintains an online archive of artists, films, music, books and institutions based in or working in Africa and the Caribbean. The multilingual archive released with the Creative Commons attribution share alike license is on the Africultures website and on SPLA Sud Planète, a joint multilingual collaboration among international partners. SPLA Sud Planète has produced national portals of cultural information for Burkina Faso, Mali and Cameroon.
Free License
Since 2012, its entire database, entitled Sudplanète (spla / Southplanet), the largest in the world on the subject, of more than 80,000 biographies of artists and descriptions of books, records, films and DVD's, shows and cultural organisations and institutions, is published under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike License. It is managed and owned collectively by the partners who contribute to and use it.
Book collections
Africultures manages a collection within the L'Harmattan publishing house: the Africultures library.
Furthermore, in co-publication with Africultures and Filigrane Edition, Afriphoto is a collection of 12x16.5 cm albums on African photographers, including Mamadou Konaté, Malick Sidibé, Abel Sumo Gayvolor, Isaac Bruce Hudson Vanderpuje, Ganiyu Owadi, Gerald L. Annan-Forson, Philippe Koudjina, Francis Nii Obodai Provençal, Paul Kabré, Germain Kiemtoré, Zaynab Toyosi Oduns, Bill Akwa Bétoté, Omar D., Emeka Okereke, Mathe Kebofhe, Philippe Koudjina, Fouad Hamza Tibin, Mohamed Yahia Issa, Bruno Boudjelal and Gabriel Fasunon.
Afriscope publishing
A free magazine, Afriscope, is designed by the editorial staff of Africultures and distributed for the first time on 12 July 2007, during a concert at the Place de la Bastille. While Africultures aims to be a publication for in-depth analysis and reflection, the free magazine (bimonthly) is devoted to current events. The articles are written by journalists, and also cover, beyond arts and culture, more social and everyday issues like citizenship, fight against discrimination, employment, education, health, etc. The editor-in-chief is Anne Bocandé. Its founder Ayoko Mensah said: "The creativity of contemporary artists from Africa or its diaspora and the initiatives of citizens of African origin go almost unnoticed. We want to change this. With this free magazine, we offer an accessible medium, able to reach the general public, beyond identity and social divides.”
This complementary publication receives financial support from a number of organisations and local authorities, in particular the Ile-de-France Region, the National Agency for Social Cohesion and Equal Opportunities (Acsé) and the Paris City Hall. This illustrated 32-page magazine in 21x29.7 cm format, distributed mainly in cultural venues in Ile-de-France, is published until issue 53 in December 2017.
Specialised sites
Through its relations with structures or initiatives in Africa, the Africultures association has developed specialised websites, interactive thematic portals now owned by the respective associations: Africiné with the African Federation of Film Critics (FACC), Afrilivres which presents non-academic titles published by French-speaking African publishers grouped together in the Cotonou-based Afrilivres association, Afrithéâtre which presents a detailed analysis of a large number of plays by African playwrights, AfriBD which brings together information on African comics.
The collectively owned Sudplanète database (shortened to SPLA) also includes cultural portals for all ACP countries. It operates as a wiki and allows any artist or cultural organisation to enter and update their information via forms accessible on the "self page".
References
1997 establishments in France
African literature
Literary magazines published in France
French-language magazines
Magazines established in 1997
Magazines published in Paris
Quarterly magazines published in France
Louis Roy (20 July 1959 – disappeared 23 June 2000), better known as "Mélou", was a Canadian outlaw biker and gangster, said to have been the richest Hells Angel in Quebec.
Gangster
Roy was born and grew up in Trois-Rivières. He was a member of the Saint-Éloi-based Missiles outlaw biker gang, which later became the Satan's Guard club of Saguenay. Roy founded and led Satan's Guard with Richard "Crow" Émond as his second-in-command, and the club became the dominant gang in the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region by eliminating any rivals. In October 1984, Satan's Guard blew up the van of Omer Gagnon, president of the El Conquatcheros gang in Chicoutimi. Two independent drug dealers were also targeted in a car bombing in Maria-Chapdelaine in October 1990. Satan's Guard "patched over" to join the Hells Angels on 14 June 1991. Roy became the president of the Angels' Trois-Rivières chapter, which forged a close alliance with the Rizzuto family of Montreal. Roy also forged a close friendship with Maurice "Mom" Boucher. The crime journalist André Cedilot called Roy the second most powerful Hells Angel in Quebec after Boucher, saying: "He was one of the most influential members of the Hells Angels". Roy's status as the richest Hells Angel was due to the fact that he had almost a monopoly on the drug trade in Trois-Rivières. Roy was also very active in selling cocaine throughout Quebec, making him into of the most important drug dealers in la belle province.
In November 1994, Roy hired Serge Quesnel via Quesne's lawyer to work as a hitman for the Hells Angels. After his release from prison, Quesnel's lawyer introduced to Roy. Roy told Quesnel that in exchange for working as a hitman, he would be paid $500 dollars per week with a commission of at least $10, 000 dollars per murder. Roy told Quesnel that his commissions would depend on the degree of difficulty of the murders with commissions of $50, 000 dollars to be paid for those who were well guarded. Quesnel wrote in his 2003 memoirs Testament d'un tueur des Hells that: "Mélou was the richest Angel in Quebec, and I was his protégé. We travelled together, and I could see that he was among the most powerful members of the 'profession'. He carried a booklet with the names, addresses, license plate numbers and descriptions of fifty or so undesirable individuals. When I saw it, I realized that the Trois-Rivières Hells Angels were very powerful".
Roy gave Quesnel $2, 000 dollars in cash as an advance payment and promised him $8, 000 more if he killed Jacques Ferland. Ferland was a chemist in Quebec City who manufactured PCP for the Rock Machine. Quesnel killed Ferland in his Quebec City house on 30 January 1995. On 27 February 1995, Quesnel killed Claude "The Peak" Rivard, a Montreal drug dealer who worked for the Pelletier clan who were allied with the Rock Machine. On 23 March 1995, Quesnel killed Richard "Chico" Delcourt, a Montreal drug dealer who refused to work with either the Rock Machine or the Hells Angels. Quesnel later testified that he had committed all these murders on Roy's orders. Roy offered Quesnel $50, 000 dollars in cash if he could kill Gilles Lambert, an important leader of the Rock Machine. Quesnel was arrested in April 1995 before he could make the attempt on Lambert's life.
After Quesnel became a délateur (informer) following his arrest in April 1995, Roy was arrested and charged with three counts of first-degree murder along with Sylvain "Baptiste" Thiffault, the vice-president of the Trois-Rivières chapter. After his arrest, Roy was replaced as Trois-Rivières chapter president by Richard "Crow" Émond. On 25 June 1995, Roy became a founding member of the Angels' elite Nomad chapter. Besides for Roy, the other members of the Nomad chapter were Walter Stadnick, Maurice Boucher, Donald "Pup" Stockford, David "Wolf" Carroll, Gilles "Trooper" Mathieu, Richard "Bert" Mayrand, Pierre Laurin, Richard "Rick" Vallée, André Chouinard, Michel Rose, Denis "Pas Fiable" Houle, Normand Robitaille, Normand "Biff" Hamel, and René "Balloune" Charlebois. Roy was considered to be one of the abler Hells Angels and was included in the Nomad chapter for that reason.
On 4 April 1997 while Roy and Thiffault were being driven in an armored car to the courthouse to hear the verdict in the murder case against them, the duo were most surprised to share the same car with Robert Hardy of the Rock Machine. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Roy and Thiffault beat up Hardy during their ride to the courthouse. When the car arrived, the bloodied and battered body of Hardy fell out, who had to be rushed to the hospital to save his life. Quesnel turned out to be a very poor witness for the Crown, and the trial ended with both Roy and Thiffault acquitted on all counts.
Following his acquittal, Roy returned to Trois-Rivières. The Trois-Rivières chapter maintained several puppet clubs such as the Jokers of Saint-Jean, the Blatnois of Mauricie and the Rowdy Crew of Lanaudière. Following Roy's release, six members of the puppet gangs suddenly disappeared, never to be heard or seen from again. At the same time, Roy sent out Hells Angels to search the houses of the vanished members, removing various items over the protests of the girlfriends and wives of the missing men.
On 23 August 1997, Roy survived an attempted murder by the contract killer Gérald Gallant outside his parents' motel, the Motel Royal in Jonquière, where he resided. Gallant waited in a swamp near the motel's parking lot, and emerged with two loaded revolvers when he saw Roy returning. Roy was alerted by the sound of Gallant's wet shoes as he approached, and he was able to evade most of the hitman's gunfire but suffered a wound to the chest. Gallant, who fled the scene when he ran out of ammunition, was paid $20,000 by Rock Machine member Marcel "Le Maire" Demers for the failed assassination. Prior to the shooting, Gallant's mistress and accomplice Jacqueline Benoît had rented a room at the motel to carry out surveillance on Roy.
The informer Dany Kane mentioned in his notes to his police handlers that Hells Angel David Carroll had told him that Boucher had reached an agreement with Vito Rizzuto that price of cocaine in Canada was to be $50,000 per kilogram. Kane also reported that the penalty for selling cocaine below that price was to be death. Kane reported that a gang within the gang called La Table consisting of Boucher, Denis Houle, Michel Rose, Normand Robitaille and André Chouinard set the prices for drugs in Quebec in consultation with the Mafia. Carroll mentioned to Kane that Boucher wanted Roy to join La Table, which he refused to, leading to Carroll to express the hope there would be no issues caused by this refusal. Finally, Kane mentioned that both Boucher and Rizzuto were very annoyed that Roy persisted with selling cocaine below $50,000 per kilogram, and wanted him to join La Table.
Disappearance
On 23 June 2000, Roy disappeared after departing to attend a party at the house of Boucher's father to celebrate the 5th anniversary of the founding of the Nomads. Roy had frequently ignored Boucher's orders by selling cocaine for less than $50,000 per kilogram, which was reported to have angered Boucher, but Roy believed that his status as a founding member of the Nomad chapter gave him immunity from being punished. In July 2001, Elias Lekkas of the West End Gang testified that Roy went from Boucher household to a meat-processing plant owned by Gerald Matticks. Roy was then bound, gagged and while still alive ran through a meat-grinding machine.
The Mafiosi Andrew Scoppa – who was a member of the Rizzuto family – in his posthumously published 2022 book La Source confirmed that Roy's cause of death was being run through a meat-grinder. Scoppa was murdered on 21 October 2019 in Montreal, being found shot dead in front of a store at 4744 Saint-Jean Boulevard. However, Scoppa was interviewed several times between October 2014-October 2019 by journalists Félix Séguin and Éric Thibault, where he spoke frankly about his underworld activities on the condition that the interviews be only published after his death. In an interview with Séguin and Thibault , Scoppa stated that Rizzuto had made a secret deal with Boucher that in exchange for throwing the full support of the Rizzuto family against the Rock Machine and killing the pro-Rock Machine Rizzuto family capo Paolo Gervasi that Boucher would in exchange would have Roy killed. Scoppa maintained that Boucher had tolerated Roy selling cocaine below $50,000 per kilogram as a way to pressure Rizzuto to act against Gervasi, who had taken a very pro-Rock Machine line. Gervasi ran a strip-club, the Castel Tina, along with his son Salvatore, where members of the Rock Machine always had reserved tables and were allowed to wear their gang colors.
The Rock Machine had been supported financially by the Dark Circle, a group of outwardly 'respectable' Montreal businessmen who covertly engaged in organized crime, hence the name. The Dark Circle supplied the money that allowed the Rock Machine to buy cocaine and to hire hitmen. In 1998, Salvatore Brunnetti, a prominent Montreal restaurateur and a member of the Dark Circle, defected over to the Hells Angels. Brunnetti provided the Angels with the names and addresses of the other members of the Dark Circle, whom the Angels then proceeded to hunt down. The end of the Dark Circle had largely driven the Rock Machine out of the drug business by depriving them of capital. By 2000, the Gervasis were the only people still willing to sell the Rock Machine drugs. Scoppa stated that Boucher's attitude was both sides had to take care of their own "garbage" and that he would only have Roy killed if Rizzuto had Gervasi killed, which led to an agreement being struck along that line. Salvatore Gervasi was killed on 22 April 2000, being found shot dead inside of his parked automobile. According to Scoppa, Roy went to Boucher's party and then went to the meat factory to meet Matticks. Scoppa stated that Roy was self-confident as he was with his friends and had no fears about the meeting at the meat factory. After his arrival at the factory, he was seized by his so-called "friends" who proceeded to run him through the meat grinder while still alive. In return, Rizzuto had an attempt made against the life of Paulo Gervasi 4 August 2000. Paulo Gervasi become estranged from Rizzuto following the murder of his son and the attempt on his own life, causing him to drift to the sidelines of the Rizzuto family. On 19 January 2004, Gervasi was killed outside of a bakery in the St. Leonard district of Montreal.
After his disappearance, Roy's assets were all divided up by his fellow Nomads like as if he had never existed. Other members of the Hells Angels who had vanished and later turned out to be still be alive such as the hitman Paul "Fon Fon" Fontaine and Richard Vallée were still listed on the membership lists of the Angels, but Roy's name was abruptly removed from the membership lists in June 2000. Paul Cherry, the crime correspondent of The Montreal Gazette, wrote that Roy's sudden and unexplained removal from the Hells Angels membership lists indicated that he was dead.
The police believe it was no accident that at the same time that Roy vanished in late June 2000, that Luc Bordeleau of the Hells Angels puppet gang, the Rockers, was suddenly promoted up to be a "prospect" with the Hells Angels proper. Roy's girlfriend, Rosalba Guerrera, never reported him missing. When Sûreté du Québec detectives questioned her on 3 August 2000, she stated: "It's been 15 years that I've been with a [member of the] Hells. I live in that world and I know how it works. Now, I'm going to try and rebuild my life". On 12 December 2000, the account that Roy had with the Nomad "bank" in Montreal was terminated, with the money being divided amongst the other Nomads, which was a strong sign that Roy was no longer with the Hells Angels. Regardless of his precise fate, Roy was never seen or heard from again after going to Boucher's party. Roy's blue Mercedes-Benz was found parked on the street near the house of Boucher's father several days after his disappearance, covered in unpaid parking tickets. It is generally accepted that Roy is dead.
See also
List of people who disappeared
Books
.
References
1959 births
2000 deaths
2000s missing person cases
2000 murders in North America
20th-century Canadian criminals
21st-century Canadian criminals
Canadian drug traffickers
Canadian male criminals
Hells Angels
Male murder victims
Missing gangsters
Missing person cases in Canada
Murdered Canadian gangsters
People acquitted of murder
People from Trois-Rivières
People murdered by Canadian organized crime
The Atlanta Braves are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Atlanta. They play in the National League East division. They were based in Milwaukee and Boston before moving to Atlanta for the 1966 season. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Atlanta Braves have used 22 different Opening Days starting pitchers in their 57 seasons in Atlanta. The 22 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 15 wins, 23 losses and 19 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
Hall of Famer Phil Niekro holds the Atlanta Braves' record for most Opening Day starts, with eight. Greg Maddux had seven for the team and Julio Teherán was featured six consecutive times from 2014 to 2019. Rick Mahler had five while Tom Glavine and John Smoltz have each made four Opening Day starts for the Braves. Maddux has the record for most wins in Atlanta Braves Opening Day starts, with five. Mahler has the highest winning percentage in Opening Day starts (1.000), with four wins and no losses with one no decision. All of Mahler's four victories were shutouts, including three in consecutive years (1985 to 1987) by identical scores of 6–0. Niekro has the record for most losses in Atlanta Braves Opening Day starts, with six.
From 1972 through 1980, the Braves lost nine consecutive Opening Day games. In those games, their starting pitchers had a record of no wins, six losses and three no decisions. Niekro had five of the losses during this streak, and Carl Morton had the other. Morton, Gary Gentry and Andy Messersmith had no decisions during the streak. One of the most famous Opening Day games in baseball history occurred during this stretch. That was the game on April 4, 1974, against the Cincinnati Reds at Riverfront Stadium, when Hank Aaron hit his 714th career home run to tie Babe Ruth's all-time record. Carl Morton was Atlanta's starting pitcher for that game, and received a no decision.
Overall, Atlanta Braves Opening Day starting pitchers have a record of 4–5 with four no decisions at Atlanta–Fulton County Stadium, their original home ball park in Atlanta. They have a 3–3 record with three no decisions at their second home park in Atlanta, Turner Field. At their current home park of Truist Park, originally named SunTrust Park, they have a 0–1 record with one no decision. This gives the Atlanta Braves' Opening Day starting pitchers a combined home record 7–9 with eight no decisions. Their away record is 8–14 with eleven no decisions. The Braves went on to play in the World Series in 1991, 1992, 1995, 1996, 1999 and 2021, winning the 1995 and 2021 iterations. John Smoltz was the Opening Day starting pitcher in 1991, Tom Glavine in 1992 and 1999, Greg Maddux in 1995 and 1996, and Max Fried in 2021. They have a combined Opening Day record of 3–2 in years that the Atlanta Braves played in the World Series.
Key
Pitchers
Footnotes
Tony Cloninger had one Opening Day start for the Atlanta Braves in 1966. He also had one Opening Day start for the Milwaukee Braves in 1965, giving him a total of two Opening Day starts for the Braves' franchise.
References
General
Specific
Opening day starters
Lists of Major League Baseball Opening Day starting pitchers
The 39th Venice Biennale, held in 1980, was an exhibition of international contemporary art, with 33 participating nations. The Venice Biennale takes place biennially in Venice, Italy. No prizes were awarded this year or in any Biennale between 1968 and 1986.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1980 in art
1980 in Italy
Venice Biennale exhibitions
Béatrice Martin (; born September 22, 1989), better known by her stage name Cœur de pirate (; French for Pirate's Heart), is a Canadian singer-songwriter and pianist. A francophone from Montreal, she sings mostly in French and has been credited in Montreal Mirror with "bringing la chanson française to a whole new generation of Quebec youth".
Career
Early beginnings
Born in the province of Quebec, Martin started playing the piano when she was only three years old. She entered the Conservatoire de musique du Québec à Montréal at age nine and studied there for five years.
At age 15, she played as a keyboardist in the post-hardcore band December Strikes First, which starred her best friend, Francis, who would later become the subject of the song "Francis" on her debut album. Martin had a brief stint as keyboardist for Bonjour Brumaire from late 2007 to April 2008.
2007–2009: Debut album and first success
In a report broadcast on French television, Martin explained that she chose the name "Cœur de pirate" to appear not "as an isolated musician, but to get a band identity from the start". She initially called herself Her Pirate Heart, but translated the name to French when she stopped writing songs in English. She released her debut album Cœur de pirate on September 16, 2008, on Grosse Boîte. Described as "rather simple" musically, it mostly featured her voice and piano playing along with some minor additional instrumentation.
In February 2009, Martin attracted wider media attention when a photographer from Quebec City, Francis Vachon, used the song "Ensemble" as the soundtrack to a viral video on YouTube entitled "Time lapse of a baby playing with his toys", leading to coverage on Good Morning America, Perez Hilton's website, The Globe and Mail, and elsewhere.
2009–2011: Side projects Pearls and Armistice
In March 2009, Martin released a song in English, "One for Me", under the name Pearls on MySpace. In a later interview she described the project as a joke and said she did not plan to continue it, though she did not rule out the possibility of releasing music in English at a later date.
In June 2009, she made a special appearance on CBC Radio's Q radio show. She performed her single "Ensemble" and a new song, "Place de la République".
Martin performed with Jay Malinowski of Bedouin Soundclash in May 2010 on Q and talked about collaborating with him in the future. She was later featured in a Bedouin Soundclash song, "Brutal Hearts", on the album Light the Horizon. Martin, Malinowski, and several members of the American rock band The Bronx subsequently collaborated on a five-song EP under the band name Armistice, which was released on February 15, 2011.
Martin contributed a new song, "La Reine", to the 2010 edition of CBC Radio 2's Great Canadian Song Quest.
2011 to present
On March 27, 2011, Martin revealed via her Facebook page that she was to return to the studio to commence work on her second album the following day. Her second album, Blonde, was released on November 7, 2011, in both digital and hard copy versions. "Adieu" and "Golden Baby" were released as singles from this LP.
After announcing her pregnancy in February 2012, Martin stopped touring during the second half of the year and gave birth to a daughter in September. In early 2013, Martin returned from her hiatus with a music video for "Place de la République", the first for which she acted as director, and an international tour beginning in March.
In 2013 she recorded music for the fifth season of the Canadian drama series Trauma, with a soundtrack album released on January 14, 2014.
In 2014 she composed the soundtrack for the Ubisoft Montreal's video game production Child of Light. The soundtrack includes a song, "Off to Sleep", sung in English.
In April 2015, she released the single "Carry On" in both English and French. Both versions of the song appeared on her album, titled Roses. The music video for it was filmed in the Ruins of St Raphael's Church, South Glengarry, Ontario.
On August 12, 2015, it was announced by PR Newswire that Martin has signed a record contract with American record imprints Cherrytree and Interscope Records. Upon signing, she made a statement on Facebook: "It feels wonderful to have Cherrytree Records/Interscope Records join the team," "When I first started listening to music seriously, my musical heroes were all on Cherrytree. I'm sure I'll feel right at home. Huge thanks to Martin Kierszenbaum for believing in me. I can't wait to discover what's in store as I embark on this new adventure."
On June 1, 2018, she released the album En cas de tempête, ce jardin sera fermé, her fourth album which also marks the tenth anniversary of her career.
On April 30, 2021, she released Perséides, her fifth album.
Collaborations
Martin has appeared in concert with French singer Julien Doré, performing a duet of the Rihanna hit "Umbrella". In 2009 she recorded a new version of her song "Pour un infidèle", with Doré featured as the male vocalist. They appeared together in the video for the song, styled as a 1960s-era celebrity couple.
Martin contributed vocals on "Brutal Hearts", the fourth track on the 2010 Bedouin Soundclash album Light the Horizon. Frontman Jay Malinowski and Martin subsequently collaborated under the band name Armistice, releasing a five-track self-titled album on February 11, 2011. In 2010 Martin also contributed vocals to the second track of David Usher's Mile End Sessions album, titled "Everyday Things".
She also appeared in Peter Peter's eponymous debut album Peter Peter in the song "Tergiversate".
Martin co-wrote the song "Jet Lag" with Simple Plan and a demo was recorded with her voice. The final version was recorded with Marie-Mai. The final version is shorter.
She appears on the track "Voila les anges", a cover of the song recorded originally in 1988 by Gamine on the 2012 album Couleurs sur Paris by Nouvelle Vague.
Martin contributed vocals for "Peace Sign" by Canadian synth-pop artist Lights, on the acoustic version of her 2011 album Siberia, released on April 30, 2013.
Martin also contributed vocals on "Suicide Bomber" and "All This (And More)" on the album "Shape Shift with Me" by punk band "Against Me!"
Personal life
On February 29, 2012, Martin announced on Twitter and Facebook that she was expecting a girl with her fiancé, Alex Peyrat, a tattoo artist. Martin and Peyrat were married later that year on July 26 and their daughter Romy was born on September 4.
On June 16, 2016, in an op-ed for Vice magazine's Noisey, Martin came out as queer as a response to the shooting at Pulse, a gay club in Orlando. The following day, she announced that she was filing for divorce from her husband. At the time, she was known to be in a relationship with Laura Jane Grace, who fronts Against Me!, although they later broke up. Martin and Peyrat remarried in March 2017, but were divorced again in 2018.
On August 17, 2021, Martin announced her second pregnancy with partner Marc Flynn.
Discography
Cœur de pirate (2008)
Blonde (2011)
Trauma (2014)
Child of Light (2014, soundtrack for video game Child of Light)
Roses (2015)
En cas de tempête, ce jardin sera fermé (2018)
Perséides (2021)
Impossible à aimer (2021)
Awards
Cœur de pirate received a 2009 CBC Radio 3 "Bucky" award determined by listener votes. Her song "Comme des enfants" received the 2009 "Bucky" award for "Best Reason to Learn French". In 2010, Martin won the International Achievement Award at the Francophone SOCAN Awards in Montreal. Martin won the 2014 Original Light Mix Score, New IP award by National Academy of Video Game Trade Reviewers for her work on the video game Child of Light.
Félix Awards
The Félix Awards are presented by the Association du disque, de l'industrie du spectacle québécois to artists from Quebec. Martin has won four awards from 13 nominations.
|-
| rowspan="3" | 2009
| rowspan="2" | Cœur de pirate
| Debut Artist of the Year
|
|-
| Female Singer of the Year
|
|-
| Cœur de pirate
| Pop Album of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan="4" | 2010
| rowspan="3" | Cœur de pirate
| Female Singer of the Year
|
|-
| Concert of the Year
|
|-
| Quebec Artist Most Celebrated Outside of Quebec
|
|-
| "Pour un infidèle"
| Music Video of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan="2" | 2011
| rowspan="2" | Cœur de pirate
| Quebec Artist Most Celebrated Outside of Quebec
|
|-
| Female Singer of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan="7" | 2012
| rowspan="2" | Cœur de pirate
| Female Singer of the Year
|
|-
| Quebec Artist Most Celebrated Outside of Quebec
|
|-
| rowspan="2" | Blonde
| Pop Album of the Year
|
|-
| Best-Selling Album of the Year
|
|-
| "Adieu"
| Pop Song of the Year
|
|-
| "Golden Baby"
| Music Video of the Year
|
|-
| Cœur de pirate (with Howard Bilerman)
| Album Producer of the Year
|
|}
Juno Awards
|-
| 2009
| Cœur de pirate
| rowspan=2| Francophone Album of the Year
|
|-
| 2012
| Blonde
|
|-
| 2016
| Cœur de pirate
| Fan Choice
|
|-
| 2019
| En cas de tempête, ce jardin sera fermé
| rowspan=2| Francophone Album of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan=2| 2022
| Impossible à aimer
|
|-
| Perséides
| Instrumental Album of the Year
|
|}
Victoires de la Musique
The Victoires de la Musique is an annual French award ceremony. Martin has won one award from four nominations.
|-
| rowspan="2" | 2010
| Cœur de pirate
| Group or Artist Newcomer of the Year (Public Vote)
|
|-
| "Comme des enfants"
| Original Song of the Year
|
|-
| 2011
| Cœur de pirate
| Female Artist of the Year
|
|-
| 2012
| Blonde
| Album of the Year
|
|}
Canadian Independent Music Awards
Martin has been nominated for five Canadian Independent Music Awards, of which she has won one.
|-
| 2009
| Cœur de pirate
| Favourite Francophone Artist/Group
|
|-
| 2010
| Cœur de pirate
| Favourite Solo Artist
|
|-
| rowspan="3" | 2012
| rowspan="2" | Cœur de pirate
| Francophone Artist/Group or Duo of the Year
|
|-
| Solo Artist of the Year
|
|-
| "Adieu"
| Video of the Year
|
|}
References
External links
Coeur de Pirate Interview on YouTube
1989 births
Living people
Canadian women pop singers
Canadian indie pop musicians
Canadian pop pianists
Canadian singer-songwriters
French-language singers of Canada
French Quebecers
LGBT singers from Canada
LGBT songwriters
Melodica players
Queer musicians
Queer women
Singers from Montreal
21st-century Canadian pianists
21st-century Canadian women singers
Félix Award winners
21st-century LGBT people
Juno Award for Francophone Album of the Year winners
The 2004 NCAA Skiing Championships were contested at the Sugar Bowl Ski Resort in Truckee, California from March 10–13, 2004 as part of the 51st annual NCAA-sanctioned ski tournament to determine the individual and team national champions of men's and women's collegiate slalom and cross-country skiing in the United States.
New Mexico, coached by George Brooks, won the team championship, the Lobos' first co-ed title and first overall. It was New Mexico's first team NCAA championship in any sport.
Venue
This year's championships were contested at the Sugar Bowl Ski Resort in Truckee, California. The event was hosted by the University of Nevada, Reno.
These were the first NCAA championships hosted at Sugar Bowl and the second in the state of California (1962 and 2004).
Program
Men's events
Cross-country, 10 kilometer freestyle
Cross-country, 20 kilometers classical
Slalom
Giant slalom
Women's events
Cross-country, 5 kilometer freestyle
Cross-country, 15 kilometers classical
Slalom
Giant slalom
Team scoring
DC – Defending champions
Debut team appearance
See also
List of NCAA skiing programs
References
2004 in sports in California
NCAA Skiing Championships
2004 in alpine skiing
2004 in cross-country skiing
NCAA Skiing Championships
College sports in California
Skiing in California
The Electoral Registration (Northern Ireland) Act 2005 (c 1) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It expired on 24 February 2006.
Baroness Amos said that the Bill for this Act was introduced because the government was concerned that only 85% of those eligible to vote in Northern Ireland were included in the electoral register (compared to 93% in Great Britain).
Parliamentary debates
The Bill for this Act passed through its stages in the House of Lords on the following dates:
The Bill received its Second and Third Reading in the House of Commons on 24 February 2005.
Restoration to electoral register of names previously removed
This section read:
"the 1983 Act"
This means the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Temporary modifications of s. 10A of Representation of the People Act 1983
This section modified section 10A of the Representation of the People Act 1983.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
External links
The Electoral Registration (Northern Ireland) Act 2005, as amended from the National Archives.
The Electoral Registration (Northern Ireland) Act 2005, as originally enacted from the National Archives.
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 2005
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning Northern Ireland
2005 in Northern Ireland
The Two Peoples Bay and Mount Manypeaks Important Bird Area is a 261 km2 tract of coastal and subcoastal land east of the city of Albany in south-west Western Australia. It is an important site for the conservation of several rare and threatened birds.
Description
The Important Bird Area (IBA) contains a 50 km length of coastal heathland habitat. It encompasses the Two Peoples Bay, Mount Manypeaks, Arpenteur and Bald Island Nature Reserves, together with Waychinicup National Park and adjacent unprotected land with suitable habitat. It has a temperate climate supporting dense shrubland and heathland subject to occasional wildfires. It also contains a series of coastal wetlands, comprising Moates, Gardner and Angove Lakes, as well as Coffin Island which, with Bald Island, supports seabird colonies.
Birds
The site has been identified as an IBA by BirdLife International because it contains almost the entire population of noisy scrub-birds, a large proportion of western bristlebirds and most of the western subspecies of western whipbirds. It also supports over 1% of the world populations of flesh-footed shearwaters and, probably, of great-winged petrels, as well as significant numbers of Carnaby's black cockatoos, Australasian bitterns, western rosellas, red-capped and rock parrots, red-winged fairywrens, western spinebills, western thornbills, white-breasted robins and red-eared firetails. Hooded plovers are regularly seen. Mammals found in the IBA include Gilbert's potoroos, quokkas, western ringtail possums, honey possums, western brush wallabies and quendas.
References
Great Southern (Western Australia)
South coast of Western Australia
Important Bird Areas of Western Australia
Sri Jayadev College of pharmaceutical sciences is a college in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India providing Pharmacy education since 1983.
About Us
Sri Jayadev College of pharmaceutical sciences being among the oldest institution in Odisha providing diploma, Degree & P.G courses in Pharmacy. The all above courses are approved by All India Council for Technical Education and affiliated to Biju Patnaik University of Technology, Pharmacy Council Of India. Diploma wing of sri jayadev college of pharmaceutical sciences is closed. Now college only provides B.pharm and M.pharm courses.
Academics
For D.Pharm, B.Pharm & M.Pharm.
References
External links
Sri Jayadev College of pharmaceutical sciences
Pharmacy schools in India
Universities and colleges in Bhubaneswar
Science and technology in Bhubaneswar
Colleges affiliated with Biju Patnaik University of Technology
Educational institutions established in 1983
1983 establishments in Orissa
Robert Clifford Levy, Jr. is a Canadian politician and judge. He represented the electoral district of Kings South in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1984 to 1988. He was a member of the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party.
Levy first attempted to enter politics in the 1979 federal election, finishing third as the New Democratic Party candidate in Annapolis Valley—Hants. He ran again in the 1980 federal election, but again finished third. In the 1981 provincial election, Levy ran in the Kings North riding, placing second behind Progressive Conservative incumbent Edward Twohig. In January 1984, Levy was nominated as the NDP candidate for a byelection in Kings South resulting from the resignation of MLA Harry How. On February 21, 1984, Levy finished second in the byelection, losing to Progressive Conservative candidate Paul Kinsman by 917 votes. In the 1984 election, Levy ran again in Kings South, defeating Kinsman by 21 votes. Levy was nominated to seek re-election in 1988, but resigned the day before the election was called when Nova Scotia Premier John Buchanan appointed him a family court judge.
References
Living people
Nova Scotia New Democratic Party MLAs
Judges in Nova Scotia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Gregor Hoop (born 22 May 1967) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Liechtenstein male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Liechtenstein
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Galkantai (formerly , ) is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 12 people. It is located from Tiskūnai, between the Nevėžis river and the road "Vilainiai-Krekenava".
History
Galkantai has been known since the 17th century. At the end of the 19th century it was a property of the Wejsberg, Ławrynowycz and Pietrusiewicz families in the former Sirutiškis manor property.
Demography
References
Villages in Kaunas County
Kėdainiai District Municipality
Lalsawta is a politician from Mizoram. He is currently the President of the Mizoram Pradesh Congress Committee in Mizoram.
Career
Mr Lalsawta was the former finance minister of Mizoram from 2013 to 2018 and the Mizoram Pradesh Congress Committee vice president before becoming President. He has successfully contested the Mizoram Legislative Assembly polls in 1993, 2008 and 2013.
References
Mizoram politicians
Mizo people
Living people
1962 births
Mizoram MLAs 1993–1998
Mizoram MLAs 2008–2013
Mizoram MLAs 2013–2018
Alan Michael Clark Hutchison (26 February 1914 – 21 March 1993) was a Scottish politician. He served as a Member of Parliament for the Unionist Party and the Scottish Conservatives.
He was the son of George Clark Hutchison MP and brother of Ian Clark Hutchison MP.
Hutchison was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge. He became a barrister, called to the bar at Gray's Inn in 1937. He was political officer and assistant secretary to the government of Aden 1948–54.
Hutchison contested Motherwell in 1955 and was Member of Parliament for Edinburgh South from a 1957 by-election to 1979, preceding Michael Ancram.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
External links
1914 births
1993 deaths
Unionist Party (Scotland) MPs
Scottish Conservative Party MPs
People educated at Eton College
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Edinburgh constituencies
Cremastobombycia ignota is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Illinois, Texas, Kentucky, Maine, New York, Massachusetts, Washington and Ohio in the United States.
The wingspan is 6.5-7.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Elephantopus species (including Elephantopus carolinianus), Helianthus species (including Helianthus annuus and Helianthus giganteus), Ridania alternifolia, Verbesina species (including Verbesina alternifolia and Verbesina virginica). They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a rather large tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. The loosened epidermis becomes much wrinkled in the later stages, and the mine is distinctly visible on the upper surface as a tubercular swelling. The larva, which is pale in the earlier stages, becomes dark brown just before pupation. The dense white elongate cocoon, ornamented with longitudinal ridges, is suspended in the mine at each end by two silken threads.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Cremastobombycia at microleps.org
Lithocolletinae
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1873
Taxa named by Heinrich Frey
Taxa named by Jacob Boll
Leaf miners
In the men's 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup total score, for each participating athlete the points earned in all Individual, Sprint, Pursuit and Mass start competitions held during the season are added up with the two lowest scores subtracted at the end of the season to give that athlete's final score. This includes the results from the Biathlon World Championships 2020 (held between the World Cup stages in Pokljuka and Nové Město).
2018–19 Top 3 standings
Events summary
Standings
In each event places 1 to 40 (1 to 30 in a Mass start) are awarded points, a victory being worth 60 points. The full point system is shown in the table on the right. In a Mass start event only 30 athletes are allowed to participate and the points awarded for ranks 22 to 30 differ from the system used in other events. Equal placings (ties) give an equal number of points. An athlete's total World Cup Score is the sum of all World Cup points earned in the season, minus the points from 2 events in which the athlete got their worst scores. Ties in this score are broken by comparing the tied athletes' number of victories. If this number is the same for the athletes in question, the number of second places is compared, and so on. If a tie cannot be broken by this procedure, it remains a tie.
References
Overall Men
ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 13B (ARL13B), also known as ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 2-like 1, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ARL13B gene.
Function
This gene encodes a member of the ADP-ribosylation factor-like family. The encoded protein is a small GTPase that contains both N-terminal and C-terminal guanine nucleotide-binding motifs. This protein is localized in the cilia and plays a role in cilia formation and in maintenance of cilia.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the ARL13B gene are associated with the Joubert syndrome.
References
External links
Further reading
Bayramoğlu is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
The 1964–65 Danish 1. division season was the eighth season of ice hockey in Denmark. Five teams participated in the league, and KSF Copenhagen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1964 in Danish sport
1965 in Danish sport
Noémie Saglio (born 1 March 1982) is a French film director and screenwriter.
Filmography
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
French film actresses
French film directors
21st-century French actresses
French women film directors
French women screenwriters
French screenwriters
Karl-Åke Asph (born 2 February 1939) is a Swedish cross-country skier who competed during the 1960s. He won a gold medal in the 4 × 10 km relay at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. He was born in Avesta.
Cross-country skiing results
Olympic Games
1 medal – (1 gold)
External links
Database Olympics profile
1939 births
Living people
People from Avesta Municipality
Cross-country skiers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Swedish male cross-country skiers
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Sweden
Solomon Page (born February 27, 1976) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and San Diego Chargers. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the second round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He played college football at West Virginia University.
Early years
Page was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where he played football at Brashear High School and was an All-city selection at defensive tackle. After graduating from high school, he spent a year at Hargrave Military Academy improving his grades.
College career
He accepted a football scholarship from West Virginia University. As a red-shirt freshman, he played offensive lineman, earning the starting left tackle job and grading out at 84% consistency. He blocked for fellow freshman Amos Zereoué, becoming just the 11th freshman since 1980 to earn a spot in the Mountaineer Club for players who grade at least 80 percent.
As a sophomore, he earned All-Big East honors for an offense that amassed 4,602 yards. As a junior, he was an All-Big East selection while grading out at 89% consistency for an offense that generated 5,546 total yards. He declared after the season for the NFL Draft.
During his career at West Virginia, Page helped to anchor an offensive line that helped the offense produced at least 300 yards in each of his final 21 career games. He contributed to All-American running back Zereoué becoming the school and Big East's all-time leading rusher (4,054) yards, quarterback Marc Bulger becoming the school's career passing yards leader (5,995) and wide receiver David Saunders becoming the school's career leader in receiving yards. Page was an athletic coaching education major.
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Page was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the second-round (55th overall) of the 1999 NFL Draft. During training camp he was moved to offensive guard.
He made his NFL debut against the Arizona Cardinals on October 3, which was also his first professional start, as a right tackle replacement for injured starter Erik Williams. Beginning on November 21, Page started five consecutive games at left guard replacing injured starter Larry Allen. As a rookie, he contributed to the Cowboys offensive line allowing just 24 sacks, the second fewest in the NFL, while allowing one or fewer sacks in nine-of-16 games. In addition, the offensive line helped running back Emmitt Smith to his highest single-season rushing total (1,397) since 1995.
In 2000, Page began the season as the starting right guard and was part of an offensive line that surrendered 35 sacks, with only 12 teams allowing fewer on the season. In the opener against Philadelphia, he started the game at right guard but was shifted to right tackle after start Williams was ejected. Later in the season on December 10, against the Washington Redskins Page started at guard but moved to right tackle again when Williams suffered a neck injury early in the second half.
In 2001, he was moved to right tackle to replace Williams who had left via free agency to play for the Baltimore Ravens. He was part of an offensive line that helped the Cowboys finish third in the league in rushing with 136.5 yards-per-game. The offensive line also helped Emmitt Smith rush for a league record 11th consecutive 1,000-yard season, while he also moved into second place on the NFL's all-time career rushing list with 16,187 career yards. The offensive line also allowed just 34 sacks in 447 pass plays on the season. Just 12 teams allowed fewer sacks for the year and only eight teams lost fewer yards due to sacks than the 190 lost by the Cowboys.
It is believed 2002 was the first time an NFL franchise had five African American starters on their offensive line, when the Cowboys lined up rookie center Andre Gurode, tackles Flozell Adams and Page, guards Larry Allen and Kelvin Garmon. That season, he started in 15 games (10 at right tackle and 5 at right guard). He also became part of history as the starting guard on the Cowboys offensive line that helped Emmitt Smith eclipse Walter Payton as the NFL's all-time leading rusher, playing against the Seattle Seahawks on October 27.
San Diego Chargers
On June 5, 2003, he was signed by the San Diego Chargers as a free agent, reuniting with Hudson Houck who was his offensive line coach with the Cowboys. In his one season with the Chargers, he played in eight games (missed eight with a sprained left ankle injury), with seven starts at right guard, helping the team rush for 2,146 and pass for 3,226, sixth and 22nd in the league respectively.
Detroit Lions
On July 27, 2004, he was signed as a free agent by the Detroit Lions. He was waived on August 23.
New York Giants
On August 25, 2004, he signed with the New York Giants as a free agent. He was released on September 5.
Personal life
Page is currently an offensive line coach at Carrollton Christian Academy in Carrollton, Texas.
References
1976 births
Living people
Players of American football from Pittsburgh
American football offensive guards
American football offensive tackles
West Virginia Mountaineers football players
Dallas Cowboys players
San Diego Chargers players
High school football coaches in Texas
Hargrave Military Academy alumni
Urvashi Dholakia is an Indian television actress who played the iconic villain Komolika in the long running television series Kasautii Zindagii Kay and won the sixth season of Bigg Boss.
Early life
Dholakia was born on 9 July 1978 to a Punjabi mother and a Gujarati father.
Personal life
She married at age 17 and had twin boys, Kshitij and Sagar, at age 18; she has raised them as a single mother.
Career
Early career (1985–2000)
Dholakia made her acting debut at 6 in a TV commercial for Lux soap with Revathi. As a child she appeared as Rajlaxmi in the Doordarshan TV series Shrikant. Her first TV adult role was in Doordarshan's Dekh Bhai Dekh as Shilpa followed by Waqt Ki Raftar.
Widespread recognition (2000–2011)
The 2000s decade came as a golden period in bringing Dholakia to the top list of most popular actresses up until then, as she achieved a lot of universal acclaim and awards success for her great performances in the Ekta Kapoor shows Ghar Ek Mandir, Kabhii Sautan Kabhii Sahelii, Kasautii Zindagii Kay and Kahiin To Hoga.
Among these, the character of Komolika in Kasautii Zindagii Kay (2001–2008), one of the longest running television series at that point, went on to be opined by many reviews as the most iconic villain till date, winning her a number of recognitions. Since then, Dholakia and Kapoor have collaborated many times.
Bigg Boss and more (2013–2019)
In 2012, she participated in Colors TV's Bigg Boss 6 and on 12 January 2013, she emerged as the winner of the season. As of 2017, she is featured in Colors TV's historical fantasy series Chandrakanta as Queen Iravati.
Television comeback (2022–present)
Dholakia in 2022 again came back to fiction genre in Naagin 6 as Urvashi.
Television
Movies
Awards
See also
List of Indian television actresses
References
External links
Living people
Indian television actresses
Contestants on Indian game shows
Indian child actresses
Indian soap opera actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
Actresses in Hindi television
Punjabi people
Gujarati people
Bigg Boss (Hindi TV series) contestants
1979 births
Big Brother (franchise) winners
Bucakköy is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Khone-ye Div (pers خانه دیو, also known as: Khune-ye Div) – An archaeological site located in Iran, in the Razavi Khorasan Province (historical land of Khorasan). It is located on top of a rocky spur, in the Rivand mountain range, in the watershed of the river of the same name
Archaeological research
The excavations began in 2008 on behalf of the Polish Centre of Mediterranean Archaeology University of Warsaw, the Institute of Archaeology (now Faculty of Archaeology) of the University of Warsaw and the Iranian Center for Archaeological Research. The Polish-Iranian expedition was co-directed by dr Barbara Kaim (Polish side) and dr Hassan Hashemi (Iranian side). The stone structure studied at the site is Chahartaq (chahar tagh), which means four arches in Persian, a type of object characteristic of temple and palace architecture of the Sasanian period]. Chahar tagh is an equilateral building consisting of four arches or cradle vaults supported by corner pillars, the central part is covered by a dome. Thus, inside, a cross-plan room is created.
The site is located approximately two kilometres from the settlement, the remains of which were identified through surface survey carried out in 2010. The first season of research made it possible to learn the plan of the structure and confirm the hypothesis that it is a Chahartaq. The entrance was located on its north-eastern side and was preceded by a narrow corridor. The furnishings discovered in the main room indicate that it may have been a Zoroastrian fire temple, but the key installation, the fire altar, was not found due to extensive damage. Instead, fragments of a large platform were identified which may be its remains. In the following seasons (2009-2010) further soundings were carried out and chronological phases were established, and further objects were identified in the vicinity of the structure. To the east of the building, a square tank carved in the rock was discovered, which served for storing water - its walls were covered with gypsum plaster, which underwent conservation work. The conservation work also included plaster covering the staircase within a room of unknown purpose, which was adjacent to the north-eastern side of the building.
References
External links
Khune-ye Div
Notes
Archaeological sites in Iran
Fire temples in Iran
Iran
Lee Hun (; born 29 April 1986) is a South Korean football forward, who played for Gyeongnam FC in K-League.
Club career statistics
External links
1986 births
Living people
Association football forwards
South Korean footballers
Gyeongnam FC players
K League 1 players
Footballers from Seoul
The Theatre Eduardo Brazão () is a theatre in the civil parish of Gulpilhares e Valadares, in the municipality of Vila Nova de Gaia, in the Portuguese district of Porto.
History
The theatre was inaugurated in 1928, a project of Alexandre Marta da Cruz, accompanied by its world premiere performance by the Companhia de Amélia Rey Colaço - Robles Monteiro. The original building was inspired by Odeon theatre in Porto.
Following work in the 1960s, the characteristics of the main hall were destroyed. But, these public works little helped the theatre, which was closed at the end of the 1970s.
By 1992, the building was already in a state of ruin and acquired by the municipal council of Vila Nova de Gaia. Beginning in the 2006s, reconstruction of the structure was undertaken, under the direction of Joaquim Massena.
References
Notes
Sources
Eduardo Brazao
Theatre Eduardo Brazao
Valadares (Vila Nova de Gaia)
Tourist attractions in Porto District
Alhaji Shehu Ladan (21 September 1952 – 04 October 2011) was a Nigerian lawyer, philanthropist and oil and gas management strategist from Kaduna State who has contributed to the socio-economic activities of the state and Nigeria at large in different capacities. He was the immediate past Group Managing Director of NNPC in Nigeria.
Biography
Personal life and education
Alhaji Shehu Ladan was married to Hajiya Aishahtu Shehu Ladan and together they gave birth to 8 children; Umar Shehu Ladan, Yakubu Shehu Ladan, Ruakayya Shehu Ladan, Abubakar Shehu Ladan, [./Https://m.guardian.ng/tag/muktar-shehu-ladan/ Mukhtar Shehu Ladan], Mubarak Shehu Ladan, Amina Shehu Ladan and Bashir Shehu Ladan.
Late Ladan had his early education at N.A Primary School Tudun Wada before proceeding to Sheikh Sabah College (now Sardauna Memorial College) in Kaduna where he obtained his WASC. He obtained his bachelor (LLB) and masters (LLM) Law degrees at Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria. He is also an alumnus of Harvard Business School, Oxford University and University of Dundee.
Career
After being called to the bar, Ladan served his National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) primary assignment in the State Ministry of Justice, Kano. After NYSC, Ladan served as Staff Solicitor of the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria. He was later Company Secretary/Legal Adviser Kaduna State Rural Electrification Board (REB) and Assistant Director Federal Legal Aid Council of Nigeria, Jos.
Ladan was appointed to Kaduna State executive council in 1987 as Commissioner of Education. In 1989, he was appointed Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice. During his tenure as education commissioner, he founded and established the Nuhu Bamalli Polytechnic Zaria (formerly Kaduna State Polytechnic). He also sponsors research and publications and indigent students from all parts of the state to the institution.
Ladan moved to the oil and gas industry in 1990. He held various positions in the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), rising to the position, Group General Manager of Human Resources in 2004. In 2006, he was appointed the Deputy Managing Director/CEO of Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) Ltd, a joint venture company that has NNPC, Shell, Total and Agip as shareholders. In October 2007, he was appointed Group Executive Director (GED) Commercial and Investment of NNPC. And in April 2010 he was appointed the Group Managing Director after a brief recess from the industry.
Awards and honors
Patron, National Association of Polytechnics (NAPS)
Kaduna State Amirul Hajj (1990)
Distinguished Merit Award by Arewa Youth Forum
Member, Kaduna State Economic Council
Member, Federal University Of Technology Akure Governing Council
Continental Distinguished Leadership Service and Merit Award, African Youth Congress
Life Fellow, African Youth Congress
African Nation Builders Gold Award
President Kaduna Forum
Distinguished Service Merit Award by Northern Youth Forum
Long Service Award by NNPC
Award of Excellence by NUPENG
Fellow, Nigerian Institute of Management
Fellow, Institute of Industrialists and Cooperate Management
Member, Institute of Directors
Member, Chartered Institute of Arbitrators
Member Petroleum Training Institute
Honorary fellow of Nuhu Bamalli Polytechnic Zaria (formerly Kaduna State Polytechnic)
Police Community Relations Award by Kaduna State Police Command
Prestigious Award by Less Privileged Organization for his immense contributions
Member Zazzau Emirate Committee on Development
Distinguished Merit Award by Zazzau Youth Development Association
Traditional Title of CIGARIN (The Conqueror) Zazzau by Emir of Zazzau
References
1952 births
2011 deaths
Ahmadu Bello University alumni
Alumni of the University of Dundee
Harvard Business School alumni
20th-century Nigerian lawyers
People from Kaduna State
State attorneys general in Nigeria
This is a list of all the bus routes in Athens, Greece. There are three types of buses in Athens: Diesel buses, natural gas (CNG) buses and trolleybuses.
Symbolism
2005-Today
Trunk Routes
The trunk routes were created in 1995 as part of an attempt to create a bus rapid transit system in Athens. They actually were renamings of existing routes in order to have a common special numbering based letters and a common number when using the same street to exit the city centre. For example, all routes using the number 8 (A8, B8, Γ8) are passing from Patission street with a common start at Polytechneio. There were also express routes, whose name started with the letter E, that were special express rush-hour alterations of the A-lettered route of a certain line (for example route E7 followed the exact same path as route A7, but it was not calling on some stops). The main goal of these lines was to remove a vast number of bus routes from the Athens city center, which was heavily affected by traffic congestion at the time. With the creation of trunk routes most of the bus routes were relocated in suburbs. For example, routes "538 Kanigos-Kifissia and "508 Kanigos-Agios Stefanos" used to have a common start at Kanigos Square and then followed Kifissias Avenue until Kifissia, where 538 was turning in Kifissia whilst 508 continued further north to Agios Stefanos. After the trunk route system these routes were renamed to "A7 Kanigos-Kifissia" and "508 Kifissia-Agios Stefanos". Many routes like 508 had their starts moved to suburbs where a trunk route finished. This scheme was created only for distant suburbs of Athens such as Agios Stefanos, Vouliagmeni, Paiania, Ano Liossia and Mandra. In suburbs near the city centre, such as Ilioupoli, Vyronas, Psychiko and Galatsi, there was not any factual change on the bus routes. The routes initially had a distinct colour for each line but after 1998-1999 they practically had no difference from a normal bus route. These routes were heavily overshadowed by the metro system after its opening in 2000. In 2007, after the metro extension to Egaleo opened, the metro system had practically taken over the role of a trunk route. After 2011, when ETHEL (Athens Bus Company) and ILPAP (Athens Trolleybus Company) merged to avoid bankruptcy (both companies were heavily affected from the financial crisis) and formed OSY, many of these routes were discontinued and they were completely replaced by the metro system. Today only 19 of the 45 initial trunk routes are still in service (not counting the express routes).
Express Routes
This list does not contain express trunk routes. These routes are listed in the trunk routes section.
0XX Routes
These routes serve the Athens city centre.
1ΧΧ Routes
These routes serve Agios Dimitrios, Alimos, Anavyssos, Argyroupoli, Elliniko, Glyfada, Nea Smyrni, Palaia Fokaia, Palaio Faliro, Saronida, Vari, Voula and Vouliagmeni. (Route 100 was an exception, as it served the Athens city centre.)
2XX Routes
These routes serve Dafni, Ilioupoli, Kesariani, Vyronas, Ymittos and Zografou. (Line 200 was an exception as it served the Athens city centre).
3XX Routes
These routes serve Anthoussa, Artemis, Gerakas, Glyka Nera, Koropi, Marathonas, Nea Makri, Pallini, Peania, Pikermi, Rafina and Spata. (Line 300 is an exception as it serves Piraeus).
4XX Routes
These routes serve Agia Paraskevi, Halandri, Holargos, Melissia, Nea Penteli, Papagou, Penteli and Vrilissia.
5XX Routes
These routes serve Agios Stefanos, Anixi, Dionysos, Drosia, Ekali, Kifissia, Kryoneri, Lykovrysi, Maroussi, Metamorfossi, Nea Erythrea, Pefki, Rodopoli and Stamata
6XX Routes
These routes serve Filothei, Galatsi, Iraklio, Nea Halkidona, Nea Filadelfia, Nea Ionia and Psychiko
7XX Routes
These routes serve Agioi Anargyroi, Acharnes, Ano Liossia, Fyli, Ilion, Kamatero, Peristeri, Petroupoli and Thrakomakedones
8XX Routes
These routes serve Agia Varvara, Aspropyrgos, Drapetsona, Egaleo, Elefsina, Erythres, Haidari, Keratsini, Korydallos, Magoula, Mandra, Nikea, Oinoi, Perama, Rentis, Tavros and Vilia.
9XX Routes
These routes serve Kallithea, Moschato and Piraeus
Trolleybus Lines
These lines were operated by ILPAP until 2011. Most of these lines run on the same path as lines of the old Athens Tramway.
References
Bus transport in Greece
Bus routes
Bus
Joudeh George Joudeh Murqos (; born March 1, 1959) was the Palestinian minister of tourism in the First Haniyeh Government (2006–2007). He was the only Christian minister of the government.
See also
Palestinian government of March 2006
Palestinian Christians
References
1959 births
Living people
Palestinian Christians
Government ministers of the Palestinian National Authority
Durbin Feeling (; April 2, 1946August 19, 2020) was a Native American (Cherokee Nation) linguist who wrote the first Cherokee–English dictionary. He is considered the greatest modern contributor to the preservation of the endangered Cherokee language.
Early life
Feeling was born on April 2, 1946, to Jeff and Elizabeth Feeling in the Little Rock community east of Locust Grove, Oklahoma. Cherokee was his first language; he learned English when he was in the first grade. He began to read Cherokee syllabary when he was 12 years old.
Feeling graduated from Chilocco Indian School (a Native American boarding school) in 1964 and earned an associate's degree from Bacone College in 1966. He was drafted into the Army in 1967 and served as a door gunner during the Vietnam War. He began to write in Cherokee syllabary when corresponding with his mother while he was in Vietnam. He was awarded a Purple Heart, and he was honorably discharged in 1970.
Career
Durbin began his work with the Cherokee language when he returned from Vietnam. In 1975, Feeling co-wrote the first Cherokee–English dictionary. It remains the "standard publication for Cherokee language reference".
Feeling earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from Northeastern State University in 1979 and earned a master's degree in social sciences from the University of California, Irvine in 1992.
Feeling taught Cherokee at universities including the University of Oklahoma, the University of Tulsa, and the University of California. He authored or contributed to many books and research articles about Cherokee. His materials for Cherokee language learners remain widely used, and many Cherokee language teachers learned directly from Feeling.
Feeling worked for the Cherokee Nation from 1976 to 2020, including in its language translation and technology department. In the 1980s, he added the Cherokee syllabary to a word processor. He also contributed to the addition of the Cherokee syllabary to Unicode, which allows it to be widely available on computers and smartphones.
Personal life and death
Feeling was a Baptist lay minister.
He died August 19, 2020.
Influence and legacy
For his contributions to the preservation of the Cherokee language and Cherokee culture, Feeling was named a Cherokee National Treasure by the Cherokee Nation. He was also awarded an honorary doctorate by Ohio State University. Cherokee Nation Principal Chief Chuck Hoskin, Jr. has described Feeling as "a modern-day Sequoyah" (referring to the creator of the Cherokee syllabary) and said that "[e]verything we are doing for language revitalization is because of Durbin.” In 2019, the Cherokee Nation chose Feeling as the first signatory of the Cherokee Language Speakers Roll.
The Cherokee Nation's planned language learning center will be named the Durbin Feeling Language Center in his honor. The Sam Noble Museum holds the Durbin Feeling Collection, containing his extensive Cherokee-language materials, including letters written in Cherokee to and from members of Feeling's family.
On August 4, 2021, the United States Senate Senate Committee on Indian Affairs passed the Durbin Feeling Native American Language Act of 2021. The Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation Chuck Hoskin, Jr. remarked "This bill is named in honor of the largest contributor to the Cherokee language since Sequoyah, the late Durbin Feeling, who advocated tirelessly for Native language and revitalization efforts. No one is more worthy of this honor than Durbin."
Selected works
Feeling, Durbin. Cherokee–English Dictionary. Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma, 1975.
Feeling, Durbin. A structured approach to learning the basic inflections of the Cherokee verb. Neff Publishing Company, 1994.
Pulte, William, and Durbin Feeling. "Morphology in Cherokee Lexicography." Making dictionaries: Preserving indigenous languages of the Americas (2002): 60.
Feeling, Durbin, ed. See-say-write: Method of Teaching the Cherokee Language. Cherokee Nation, Indian Adult Education, 2002.
Feeling, Durbin, et al. "A handbook of the Cherokee verb: a preliminary study." Tahlequah, Okla.: Cherokee Heritage Center (2003).
Feeling, Durbin, et al. "Why revisit published data of an endangered language with native speakers? An illustration from Cherokee." Language Documentation & Conservation 4 (2010): 1-21.
Herrick, Dylan, Marcellino Berardo, Durbin Feeling, et al. "Collaborative documentation and revitalization of Cherokee tone." Language Documentation & Conservation 9 (2015): 12-31.
Feeling, Durbin. Cherokee Narratives: A Linguistic Study. University of Oklahoma Press, 2018.
References
Cherokee language
Linguists from the United States
1946 births
2020 deaths
People from Mayes County, Oklahoma
Military personnel from Oklahoma
Northwestern State University alumni
University of California, Irvine alumni
Writers from Oklahoma
Translation dictionaries
American lexicographers
American translators
Cherokee writers
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Alumni of Native American boarding schools
Language teachers
Bacone College alumni
University of Oklahoma faculty
University of Tulsa faculty
University of California faculty
United States Army soldiers
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
Acrocercops argentigera is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Papua New Guinea. It was described by A. Diakonoff in 1955.
References
argentigera
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1955
The Ministry of Justice of Bahrain was established shortly after Bahrain achieved independence in 1971, to replace the Department of Justice. The Ministry oversees all administrative aspects related to the court system in the country while keeping contact with the Supreme Council of the Judiciary and all relevant bodies in the justice system and law enforcement.
In 2005, the name of the Ministry was changed to Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Endowments due to the added task of regulating and supervising political affiliations.
All members of the Al Khalifa royal family are members of the civil judiciary.
List of ministers
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Bahrain
References
Justice
Justice ministries
Kyoto Gaidai Nishi High School (KGN) is a 3-year (grades 10, 11, and 12) article one private high school in the city of Kyoto, Japan. KGN is one of four institutions overseen by the board of Governors (BOG) of Kyoto University of Foreign Studies (KUFS). All institutions share the common philosophy of World Peace through Languages, though KGN was founded on the principles of futohfukutsu. There is no direct translation of this term; however, KGN states the following from the scriptures of Nisshinkan:
No matter what difficulties are involved in doing what you need to do and what you have to do, be firm with the mental spirit. As long as you are human, you will be accompanied by struggles. When you do encounter struggles, proceed without fuss and without panic, and you will overcome your struggles and grow as an individual.
Through the principles of futohfukutsu, KGN aims to cultivate strong (tsuyoku), reasonable (tadashiku), and knowledgeable (akaruku) students to contribute towards a developing society through a love of learning, moral principles, and the nourishment of 'self expression' and 'foresight'.
KGN's student population of about 950 (fluctuates year by year) mostly commute from within Kyoto City and surrounding communities, with students also commuting from neighboring prefectures Shiga, Osaka, Hyogo and Nara. There is a small student population of returnee students (students who have lived and studied outside Japan for an extended period of time) and students of mixed ethnical backgrounds. Students are provided an array of extracurricular activities in both sports and culture. KGN also strives to provide students with opportunities to explore a range of topics and interests that would not be covered in conventional high school curricula. Since 1990, all grade 12 students of the International & Cultural Studies course participate in the Kansai High School Model United Nations, whose General Assembly is conducted in English. As a result of this and other activities, KGN was recognized as a UNESCO School in 2013 and was chosen to represent Kyoto Prefecture at the 2014 World Youth Forum on Education for Sustainable Development. In 2017, KGN was recognized as a Tokyo 2020 Olympic & Paralympic Education School.
In 2018, 75% of KGN's graduates moved on to a 4-year university and 15% to a 2-year vocational college. 3% moved into the workforce. Every year, a very small number of students attend college outside Japan.
KGN currently offers students 4 tracks of study from which to choose: College Preparatory (Tokushin)
Course, International and Cultural Studies (IC) Course, General Academic (GA) Course, and Sports Education Course.
Courses offered
Global Tokushin Course
The Global Tokushin Course is an advanced academic course for students whose primary focus is to move on to a four-year university, with either a focus in liberal arts or sciences.
International and Cultural Studies Course
The IC Course is an English co-emersion course with faculty of both Japanese and foreign teachers, and is designed for students who have an interest in foreign language and in engaging in foreign relations as a profession, either domestic or abroad. About a third of IC course students are admitted to KUFS every year.
General Academic Course
The GA Course is designed for students who require additional support in academic studies, or who wish to focus extensively on extracurricular club activities.
Sports Education Course
The Sports Education Course is designed for students who focus extensively on scholastic athletic competition, with additional studies in various athletic-related fields.
International Exchange Program
Students are offered opportunities to both study abroad and become hosts for students studying in Japan. As of 2016, KGN is engaged in sister-school relationships with 6 institutions in New Zealand and Canada, offering 1-month, 6-month, and 1-year opportunities to live and study abroad. KGN is also partnered with institutions in Malaysia, the United States, and Australia, offering short-term opportunities for either studying abroad or international exchange through various social media outlets. Also, a handful of students from around the world have experienced both short-term and long-term stays at KGN with students' families as hosts through various institutions such as the Rotary Club and AFS Intercultural Programs.
Kansai High School Model United Nations
Kansai High School Model United Nations ( Japanese: ), abbreviated as KHSMUN, is a model united nations project administered by the Course of International and Cultural Studies at Kyoto Gaidai Nishi High School in Kyoto, Japan, which includes a multi-day conference held annually at the Kyoto International Conference Center (ICC Kyoto) in Kyoto, Japan. Participants of the conference are high school students from various high schools within and around the Kansai region of Japan. The first conference was held in 1991 at Kyoto University of Foreign Studies with 2 high schools participating, and has since then grown to include over 250 participants representing 12 high schools. The conference is divided into two commissions, and is conducted mostly in English. with an opening ceremony, bloc/committee meetings, a poster session, and 3 General Assembly sessions.
Kansai High School Model United Nations is the first MUN conference in Japan developed for high school students learning English as a foreign language (EFL).
History
The conference was originally known as the Kyoto High School Model United Nations, which began as a capstone project for year three students at then Kyoto Nishi High School (Now Kyoto Gaidai Nishi High School) as part of the curriculum for the Course of International and Cultural Studies. The first conference was held in 1991 at Kyoto University of Foreign Studies with 2 high schools participating, Kyoto Nishi High School and Kansai International High School (known as International Academy of Technology at the time). The number of participating schools grew to 5 in its second year in 1992. The conference saw its largest number of participating schools in 2012, with 13 schools represented by 330 participants.
In 2002, the conference was held for the first time at the ICC Kyoto. The conference returned to Kyoto University of Foreign Studies in 2004, but was held again at the ICC Kyoto in 2006, and has been the conference's venue since then.
In 2010, UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador Dr. Agnes Chan was the keynote speaker for the conference's 20th anniversary opening ceremony.
In 2011, Kyoto Gaidai Nishi High School was awarded The Kyoto Private School Promotion Association Award ( Japanese: ) for its Kansai High School Model United Nations project, recognizing the multi-day conference as an optimal learning method aimed at EFL learners.
In 2015, president of the United Nations Association of Japan and UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador Sen Sōshitsu XV was the keynote speaker for the conference's 25th anniversary opening ceremony.
In 2020, due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, the conference was held online for the course of 7 weeks. The conference returned to a 3-day format in 2021, but remained online
References
High schools in Kyoto Prefecture
First Cut was initially a strand of thirty half-hour primetime documentaries commissioned by Channel 4 Commissioning Editor for Documentaries, Sarah Mulvey. It was added to the schedule to replace the old Alt-TV show, which launched many documentary makers' careers including Marc Isaacs, Olly Lambert, Emily James, Tina Gharavi, Paul Berczeller and Morgan Matthew. First Cut aimed to access the brightest and best new talent, allowing young directors to showcase their talent before being given further opportunities on Channel 4's flagship documentaries Cutting Edge and Dispatches.
After the completion of the initial two series (30 episodes), First Cut was commissioned for a third series which began on Friday, 9 January 2009, with a documentary entitled "The Hunt For Britain's Tightest Person".
Series 1 (2007-2008)
Series 2 (2008)
Series 3 (2009)
References
4Talent: First Cut
BFI Film & TV Database
2007 British television series debuts
2009 British television series endings
2000s British documentary television series
Channel 4 documentary series
English-language television shows
A Place Where We Could Go is the first album by Jeremy Jay, released by K Records. It was produced by K founder and former Beat Happening frontman Calvin Johnson. It was well received by Pitchfork. In his review, Marc Hogan compared him to David Bowie. Hogan also mentioned that Jay's spoken-sung vocals, recalled the solo work of Jonathan Richman, with a certain punk sensibility.
The album was released on vinyl and CD.
Track listing
All tracks by Jeremy Jay
"Nite Nite" – 0:06
"Heavenly Creatures" – 4:10
"Beautiful Rebel" – 2:33
"The Living Dolls" – 2:54
"Escape to Aspen" – 2:19
"Till We Meet Again" – 2:40
"A Place Where We Could Go" – 2:43
"While the City Sleeps" – 3:08
"Hold Me in Your Arms Tonite" – 2:43
"Someone Cares" – 2:42
Personnel
Larissa James – photography
Jeremy Jay – guitar, piano, vocals, producer
Calvin Johnson – producer, engineer, mixing
Chris Sutton – drums
Nick Zwart – assistant engineer
References
2008 albums
Jeremy Jay albums
K Records albums
Redemption is an essential concept in many religions, including Judaism, Christianity and Islam.
Christianity
In Christian theology, redemption (Greek: apolutrosis) refers to the deliverance of Christians from sin. It assumes an important position in salvation because the transgressions in question form part of a great system against which human power is helpless. Leon Morris says that "Paul uses the concept of redemption primarily to speak of the saving significance of the death of Christ." In the New Testament, "redemption" and related words are used to refer both to deliverance from sin and to freedom from captivity. In Christian theology, redemption is a metaphor for what is achieved through the Atonement; therefore, there is a metaphorical sense in which the death of Jesus pays the price of a ransom, releasing Christians from bondage to sin and death.
Most evangelical theologians and Protestant denominations reject Origen's argument that God paid the ransom price of redemption to Satan.
Hinduism
A concept similar to redemption in Indian religions is called prāyaścitta, which it is not related to theological sense of sin, but to expiation and personal liberation from guilt or sin. However the end goal of a being is moksha or liberation from karma, resulting in the end of the cycle of birth and death. By attaining moksha, the Atma (self or soul) merges back into Paramatma (God), just as a wave merges back into the ocean.
Islam
In Islam, redemption is achieved by being a Muslim and doing not action that would forfeit one's identification with Islam, being of sincere faith (iman) and doing virtuous actions. Muslim sinners need turn to a merciful God in repentance and carry out other good deeds, such as prayer (salah) and charity, for redemption. In certain instances, redemption is also linked to seeking forgiveness from the person that has been wronged by us, and obtaining their forgiveness in addition to seeking forgiveness from God directly. As a result of this view of redemption, Muslims have criticized alternative views on redemption, especially the Christian doctrine of original sin.
Judaism
In the Torah, redemption (Hebrew ge'ulah) referred to the ransom of slaves (Exodus 21:8).
The concept of redemption is a legal and transactional one in halakha, including various sacrifices at the Temple in Jerusalem:
Blood
Mating
Sales and borrowing
Some specific items like the Red Heifer
The concept also applies to redemption of real property such as fields and houses, stock animals, such as donkeys, produce, and specific items such as tefillin. It also means the liberation of an estate in real property from a mortgage.
Redemption also applies to individuals or groups: an Israelite slave, an Israelite captive, and the firstborn son pidyon haben, () or redemption of the first-born son,<ref>Eugene Joseph Cohen Guide to ritual circumcision and redemption of the first-born son Volume 1 - 1984 "The Redemption of the First-Born - A mother's first-born is to be dedicated to the service of God, in accordance with the verse, "Sanctify the first-born who opens the womb."1 This sanctification was the result of an historical event."; Michele Klein A Time to Be Born: Customs and Folklore of Jewish Birth 2000-Page 224 "They have attributed healing properties to the stick.54 REDEMPTION OF THE FIRST-BORN SON A first child has special significance for both parents, and this was as true in biblical times as today, but then only when the child was male"; Mark Washofsky Jewish living: a guide to contemporary reform practice 2001-Page 148 "Redemption of the First-born Son (Pidyon Haben)- In Jewish tradition, the first-born son is to be "redeemed" from God. This originates in the belief that God "acquired" the Israelite first-born by sparing them from makkat bekhorot"; Ruth Langer To Worship God Properly: Tensions Between Liturgical Custom and Halakhah in Judaism (Monographs of the Hebrew Union College Series) 2005-Page 73 "Redemption of the First Born."</ref> is a mitzvah in Judaism whereby a Jewish firstborn son is redeemed from God by use of silver coins to a kohen. It is from these three cases that the concept of exilic redemption is derived because the People Israel are considered God's 'firstborn' derived from Jacob, who are God's slaves forever, but are currently held captive, even while they reside in the modern state of Israel.
In Rabbinic Judaism, redemption refers to God redeeming the Israelites from their exiles, starting with that from Egypt. This includes the final redemption from the present exile.
In Hasidic philosophy parallels are drawn between the redemption from exile and the personal redemption achieved when a person refines his character traits, although there is no source for this in the Talmud. Rather the Messianic redemption is linked to observing Shabbat, Jewish prayer, and the promise of redemption for those looking toward Mount Zion, the last being the original cultural source of 'Zionism'. As such, the original intent of Zionism was the redemption process by which the Land of Israel that has been pledged to the Israelites is reclaimed, accomplished through a payment of the debt owed to God as a fulfillment of the conditions set out in the Torah.
See also
Baptism
Easter
Good Friday
Penitence
Salvation
Redemptive suffering
References
External links
Redemption, BBC Radio 4 discussion with Richard Harries, Janet Soskice and Stephen Mulhall (In Our Time'', Mar. 13, 2003)
Salvation
Religious terminology
This list of recipients of the Democracy Service Medal covers recipients of the National Endowment for Democracy's Democracy Service Medal. The Medal was established in 1999 and awarded annually, sometimes to more than one person.
Recipients
2016: Tenzin Delek Rinpoche (Tibet) (Posthumous)
2013: Vytautas Landsbergis (Lithuania)
2012: Madeleine K. Albright (USA), George P. Shultz (USA)
2011: Laura Pollán, Cuba; Jean Bethke Elshtain, USA; Floribert Chebeya, Democratic Republic of the Congo
2010: Vin Weber, USA; the Dalai Lama, Tibet; Francis Fukuyama, USA
2009: Leszek Kołakowski, Poland
2008: Max Kampelman, USA; Tom Lantos, USA
2007: Morton I. Abramowitz, USA; Emmanuel Kampouris, USA; Václav Havel, Czech Republic
2006: Thomas R. Donahue, USA
2005: John C. Whitehead, USA; John Richardson, Jr., USA
2004: Bob Graham, USA; Seymour Martin Lipset, USA; Matthew McHugh, USA
2003: Enrique Bolaños, Nicaragua; Donald M. Payne, USA
2002: Chen-Wu Sue-jen, Taiwan; Jan Nowak, Poland; Paula J. Dobriansky, USA
2001: John Brademas, USA; Fred Iklé, USA; Richard Lugar, USA; Stephen Solarz, USA
2000: John B. Hurford, USA
1999: Lech Walesa, Poland; Lane Kirkland, USA; Alexandr Vondra, Czech Republic; Martin Butora, Slovakia
References
Lists of award winners
Awards established in 1999
American awards
1999 establishments in the United States
WUWM (89.7 FM, "Milwaukee's NPR") is the flagship National Public Radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is owned and operated by the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee and licensed to the Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System. A unit of the UW-Milwaukee College of Letters and Science, the station transmits from the WITI TV Tower in Shorewood, and is based on the seventh floor of Chase Tower in downtown Milwaukee, moving there from facilities in the nearby Shops of Grand Avenue in mid-January 2010.
WUWM airs programming from NPR, Public Radio International, American Public Media, and also airs BBC World Service in the overnight hours, with much of the weekend entertainment programming scheduled purposefully to avoid duplication with Wisconsin Public Radio's WHAD (90.7). WUWM also airs considerable amounts of local programming and also fills airtime with adult album alternative music, including a weekly program hosted by longtime Milwaukee radio personality (and early WUWM staff member) Bob Reitman called It's Alright Ma, It's Only Music.
Until December 2013, the station broadcast in HD Radio. It operated an automated AAA station on its second HD channel known as The Deuce. The HD transmitter broke down in December 2013, and WUWM opted not to replace it due to lack of demand. According to the station's general manager at the time, Dave Edwards (who was also the chairman of the NPR board), the HD2 stream attracted very little listenership over the air, and only 200 listeners per week online. With little outside of a small jump in audio quality on the main signal to justify the technology, station officials concluded it was not worth the effort to bring the HD transmitter back online.
History
WUWM signed on the air in September 1964. Originally a student laboratory, it took on a more professional look with the formation of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. It was a charter member of NPR in 1971, and remained independently operated from what was then known as the Wisconsin Educational Radio Network, even after the same year's merger of the Wisconsin State University system and the University of Wisconsin into the combined University of Wisconsin System.
However, its signal was largely limited to the area around the UW-Milwaukee campus and Milwaukee's East Side. That changed in 1978, when WITI donated space on its tower, giving it a fairly decent signal to Milwaukee itself and much of the metropolitan area. It was originally limited to 1,500 watts due to a glut of stations on the lower end of the FM dial in the Chicago-Milwaukee-Madison axis. However, a change in FCC regulations gave priority to fully qualified public radio stations. It gradually increased its power to 15,500 watts, giving it a signal comparable to the other major stations in Milwaukee. It became an all-news station in 1988, predating the trend towards all-news programming on major-market NPR stations.
References
External links
WUWM official website
NPR member stations
UWM
Radio stations established in 1964
WUWM
Milwaukee County, Wisconsin
Public broadcasting in Wisconsin
UWM
Diana Mae Sowle ( Laumer; June 19, 1930 – October 19, 2018) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Charlie Bucket's mother in the 1971 film Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
Early life
Born as Diana Mae Laumer in Chico, California, she was one of five siblings. She attended Chico High School, and appeared in school plays, where she became interested in drama. She graduated in 1949, and attended the University of Denver, after which she appeared in the play "The Drunkard". She did voice-over for American plays and appeared in theater in Germany.
Career
Film roles
Diana is best known for playing Mrs. Bucket, Charlie Bucket's mother, in the 1971 film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory and her performance of "Cheer Up Charlie" in that film, although her singing voice was dubbed by Diana Lee. Sowle joined the cast in Germany, where it was filmed. Apart from Chocolate Factory, her only other screen roles were cameos in Clear and Present Danger and Guarding Tess, both in 1994.
Video game
Sowle also gave voice to "Agatha" and other characters in the 2008 video game Fallout 3.
Theatre
She frequently performed in the long-running play Shear Madness at the Kennedy Center, portraying socialite Eleanor Shubert. Her last-known appearance was in May–June 2013. In mid-2012, she appeared in a production of Love Letters, opposite actor Larry Storch in Farmville, Virginia, to benefit the Tom Mix Rangers.
Personal life
Sowle lived in Germany for about 20 years starting in 1960 and had other homes, including one in Maryland (in the Washington, D.C., area). She was a mother of two and grandmother of four. Her husband Bill Sowle worked for the CIA and died in 2013. She ran a free tutoring program for underprivileged children in Washington D.C. for almost a quarter-century.
Death
Sowle died of natural causes on October 19, 2018. She was 88 years old.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
References
External links
Arlington National Cemetery
1930 births
2018 deaths
People from Chico, California
American film actresses
American stage actresses
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from California
Zachary Taylor Shafer (July 13, 1866 – October 27, 1945) was a Major League Baseball player in the 19th century.
Career
Shafer was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1866. He started his professional baseball career in 1884, when he played for the Altoona Mountain City, Kansas City Cowboys, and Baltimore Monumentals of the Union Association. He appeared in 60 games that season, mostly as an outfielder, and had a batting average of .203.
Shafer spent the next five years in the minor leagues. In 1887, he batted a career-high .364 for Oshkosh of the Northwestern League. In 1890, he made it back to the majors with the American Association's Philadelphia Athletics. He was a second baseman for Philadelphia and batted .172 with 21 RBI in 69 games. That was his last season in professional baseball.
Shafer was 5'7" and weighed 155 pounds. He was the brother of fellow baseball player Orator Shafer.
Taylor Shafer died in Glendale, California, in 1945.
References
External links
1866 births
1945 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Major League Baseball second basemen
Major League Baseball right fielders
Altoona Mountain Citys players
Kansas City Cowboys (UA) players
Baltimore Monumentals players
Philadelphia Athletics (AA) players
Haverhill (minor league baseball) players
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
Oshkosh (minor league baseball) players
St. Paul Apostles players
Toledo Black Pirates players
Baseball players from Philadelphia
Reflexivity might mean:
Reflexivity (grammar)
Reflexivity (social theory)
Self-reflexivity (see Self-reference)
See also
Reflectivism
Reflexive (disambiguation)
Reflexive operator algebra
Reflexive pronoun
Reflexive relation
Reflexive space
Reflexive verb
Sesquilinear form
Body Parts is the debut studio album by Prophet Posse, a collaboration side-project of Three 6 Mafia with members of its then-label, Prophet Entertainment. The Prophet Posse group was known as a larger, "offshoot" version of Three 6 Mafia, as it included each member of Three 6 Mafia as well as all the artists signed to Prophet Entertainment. All the artists featured on the album were Prophet Entertainment artists with the exception of guest act Dayton Family. The album was released on February 24, 1998, by Prophet Entertainment and distributed through S.O.H. Distributors Network.
Track listing
All tracks are produced by DJ Paul and Juicy J
Charts
References
1998 debut albums
Three 6 Mafia albums
Prophet Entertainment
Albums produced by DJ Paul
Albums produced by Juicy J
Imelda Kennedy is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2006. She was a member of the Kilkenny team that won the All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship in 1994, and won All Ireland Club Championship medals with St Lachtain's, Freshford in 2004, 2005 and 2006 and All Ireland titles with Kilkenny at minor level, as well as two Leinster junior medals, two All-Ireland club medals, four Leinster Club medals and eight county championships with her club.
She won All Ireland medals at second-level college and Féile na nGael level.
References
External links
Profile in Cúl4kidz magazine
Living people
Kilkenny camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
John Michael Seigenthaler ( ; born December 21, 1955) is an American news anchor and a member of
the George Foster Peabody Awards board of jurors. He is well known as a former weekend anchor and correspondent for both NBC and MSNBC. He is the son of newspaper journalist John Lawrence Seigenthaler, and named for his father. He is best known for his eight-year tenure as weekend anchor of NBC Nightly News. In July 2008, Seigenthaler joined his family company Seigenthaler Public Relations, but continued to be based in New York. From 2013–2016 he worked for the now defunct Al Jazeera America as its evening news anchor.
Life and career
Seigenthaler is a graduate of Father Ryan High School and Duke University, where he received a bachelor of science degree in public policy in 1978.
Seigenthaler began his television news career in 1980 as a writer and producer at WNGE-TV (now WKRN-TV) in Nashville, Tennessee. From 1981-90, he reported and produced for WSMV-TV, Nashville and also hosted a weekday public affairs show. From there he moved to KOMO-TV in Seattle, where he anchored the weekend evening news.
In January 1992, he married KOMO weeknight anchor Kerry Brock, who later joined him at the Weekend Anchor Desk at KOMO. Then he moved back to Nashville, where he co-anchored the evening news for WKRN-TV.
In September 1999, he became the main temporary co-host on Weekend Today with Soledad O'Brien. He returned in 2003, following the death of David Bloom.
In 1996, he was one of the rotating Sunday anchors, became main Sunday anchor in 1998. Seigenthaler served as the anchor for the weekend edition of NBC Nightly News for more than seven years of his 11-year tenure with NBC News. Seigenthaler announced during his April 1, 2007 newscast that it was his final broadcast as anchor of the weekend edition of NBC Nightly News. He also hosted the television shows Lockup and MSNBC Investigates on MSNBC. NBC News President Steve Capus said Seigenthaler's contract was not renewed because the network could no longer afford the luxury of employing a staff member whose primary duty was anchoring the weekend evening news programs. The network announced in October 2006 that job cuts and consolidation of operations would slice some $750 million from parent NBC Universal's budget by 2008.
After NBC, he worked for the Associated Press until joining Seigenthaler Public Relations in July 2008. In 2013 he began work for Al Jazeera America as the anchorman for its one-hour prime time news broadcasts at 8pm eastern and 11pm eastern time.
Seigenthaler lives in Weston, Connecticut with his wife and son.
Journalism awards
Two-time Emmy Award recipient
Recipient of the Robert F. Kennedy Television News award
Recipient of the National Headliner Award
Recipient of the American Bar Association Award
Iris Award winner
Recipient of the Al Neuharth Award
Bibliography
References
External links
American broadcast news analysts
American television reporters and correspondents
Place of birth missing (living people)
News & Documentary Emmy Award winners
Sanford School of Public Policy alumni
People from Nashville, Tennessee
1955 births
Living people
Al Jazeera people
NBC News people
Television anchors from Seattle
CNBC people
People from Weston, Connecticut
Peter Mountain (3 October 1923 – 11 January 2013) was an English violinist. During his career he played in several British orchestras; interested in music education, he was leader of the BBC Training Orchestra, and an academic at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama.
Life
Mountain was born in Shipley, West Yorkshire, and aged 16 he won a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music, where he studied under the violinist Frederick Grinke. In 1943 he was conscripted into the Royal Marines Band; in 1945 to 1946 he led a services orchestra on a tour of south-east Asia.
In 1947 he joined the Boyd Neel String Orchestra, and later was a founding player of the Philharmonia Orchestra. He was also a chamber musician, and performed as a duo with his wife Angela Dale, a pianist: the duo continued through his career.
He was appointed leader of the Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra in 1955. In 1966 he returned to London, joining the London Philharmonic Orchestra as principal second violin; in London he also played with the English Chamber Orchestra and other ensembles.
In 1968 the BBC Training Orchestra (later known as the Academy of the BBC), based in Bristol, was founded, and Mountain was appointed leader. The conductor was Meredith Davies, and its members were recently graduated orchestral professionals. The orchestra closed in 1975. In that year he became head of strings at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow. During this period of his career he was chief string coach of the National Youth Orchestra of Scotland from its formation in 1979, and was guest leader of orchestras including the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra. He was chairman of the Scottish Society of Composers; he commissioned works from its members for himself and his wife to play. He remained at the Academy until retirement in 1990.
Retiring to West Yorkshire, Mountain became head of strings for Bradford Education. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Bradford. His wife died in 2004; he gave up playing and teaching, afterwards writing and arranging music. Two volumes of autobiography were published: Scraping a Living (2007) and Further Scrapings (2009). He died in 2013, survived by a son and two daughters.
References
1923 births
2013 deaths
People from Shipley, West Yorkshire
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
Academics of the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland
English classical violinists
20th-century classical violinists
Concertmasters
Royal Marines personnel of World War II
Mario Sossi (6 February 1932 – 6 December 2019) was an Italian magistrate and politician. He was a prosecutor against members of the October 22 Group, and was captured by members of the Red Brigades on 18 April 1974 in Genoa. He was released on 22 May of the same year following a prisoner swap with the Italian government.
References
1932 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Italian politicians
People from Imperia
Royal Cercle Sportif La Forestoise was a Belgian football club from the municipality of Forest, Brussels. It was founded in 1909 and received the matricule n°51 following its registration to the FA in 1911. The club first reached the first division in 1926 but it was yet too weak to survive at that level and was back in the second division for the next season.
The best years of the club were the 1940s since it played 4 seasons at the top level (1942 to 1947, missing the 1944–45 season due to World War II). The Green and White achieved their best ranking in 1944 with a 10th position.
In 1996 it merged with Royal Uccle Léopold F.C. to become Royal Léopold Uccle Forestoise and the matricule n°51 was consequently erased.
Honours
Belgian Second Division:
Winners (1): 1941–42
Notable players
Raymond Braine, Belgian international, won several championships in Belgium and Czechoslovakia
Florent Lambrechts, Belgian champion in 1929 and 1931, top scorer of the Belgian championship in 1936 with 36 goals
References
RSSSF Archive
Belgian football clubs history
Association football clubs established in 1909
Defunct football clubs in Brussels
Association football clubs disestablished in 1996
1909 establishments in Belgium
1996 disestablishments in Belgium
Defunct football clubs in Belgium
Organisations based in Belgium with royal patronage
Belgian First Division A clubs
The Solomon Islands first participated at the Olympic Games in 1984, and has sent athletes to compete in every Game of the Olympiad since then. The nation has never won an Olympic medal and never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
To date, no athlete competing for the Solomon Islands has ever won an Olympic medal.
The National Olympic Committee for the Solomon Islands was created in 1983 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for the Solomon Islands at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for the Solomon Islands
Solomon Islands at the Commonwealth Games
Solomon Islands at the Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
The Wapiti River is a river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It rises in the northern extremity of the Stuart Mountains in Fiordland National Park, the top of its watershed being part of the main divide. Two branches feed Lake Sutherland, (elevation ) the outflow of which flows southwest to Lake Thomson. A further reach of the river heads east to Lake Hankinson, which is separated from the North West Arm of the Middle Fiord of Lake Te Anau by a final stretch of the river.
The river is named for the Wapiti (Cervus canadensis), an introduced deer species found in Fiordland. Lake Wapiti lies a few kilometres from the Wapiti River, but is in a separate catchment, that of the Doon River feeding the West Arm of the Middle Fiord.
A tramping track connecting Lake Te Anau to George Sound via the Henry Pass follows the Wapiti River from its mouth as far as the head of Lake Thomson, thereafter turning west up a tributary named Rugged Burn.
References
Rivers of Fiordland
The Independent Label Market is an open market founded by Joe Daniel and Katie Riding that provides a venue for the proprietors of over 160 independent record labels to sell their products to the public. The market also provides an opportunity for listeners to meet the founders of record labels and some of the artists.
History
The Independent Label Market was first set up in May 2011 on Berwick Street, London, United Kingdom, and has since returned twice a year to Old Spitalfields Market. The market is held in conjunction with the London Brewers Market.
The market also launched in Brooklyn, New york in October 2011, Silverlake, Los Angeles in November 2012, Toronto in June 2013,. and Glasgow in October 2013.
Some of the labels that take part in the market include Rough Trade, Mute, XL, Domino, Fabric, 4AD, DFA Records, Angular Records, R&S, Infectious, Bella Union and Fool's Gold. Notable appearances at the market's stalls include Diplo, Gilles Peterson, Coldcut, Daniel Miller, Simon Raymonde, Erol Alkan, Tim Burgess and Edwyn Collins.
Many recordings on vinyl are to be found at the market stalls. As well, some artists have made special releases available exclusively at the various markets. Some examples of these have been: 200 signed copies of Portishead's ‘Chase the Tear' 12” where all profits from the sales went to Amnesty International, Young Turks auction of the only copy of a Jamie xx remix of Radiohead's ‘Bloom', Richard Russell's 20 hand-made rave/grime/garage/jungle/dubstep mixtapes for the XL stall, and the only signed copy of Elton John's “Are You Ready For Love” on pink, half speed cut 220gsm vinyl.
Labels
The labels that have taken part in the markets are:
References
External links
facebook.com/independentlabelmarket
twitter.com/IndieLabelMkt
“How to set up an Indie Label Market” The Guardian, [retrieved 22/04/2013]
2011 establishments in the United Kingdom
Independent record labels
National Construction Rentals is the largest supplier of temporary fencing in the United States. Started by Dick Mooneyham in 1962, the company rents equipment such as fencing, barricades, restrooms, mobile storage, and temporary fencing to commercial and residential customers. The equipment is used for construction, events, and emergency response.
History
Dick Mooneyham purchased Republic Fence in 1962 and renamed the company Rent A Fence Company. By 1970, the company had renamed itself National Rent A Fence. In 1984, the name was changed to National Construction Rentals and now has locations in 41 states.
References
External links
Business services companies established in 1962
Privately held companies based in California
Such Late, Such Warm Autumn () is a 1981 Ukrainian film directed by Ivan Mykolaychuk.
Plot
The Bukovynian peasant Rusnak leaves the poor Bukovynian lands and goes to Canada with his little daughter Orissa - maybe he is lucky there? And now Rusnak, using the services of "Intourist", goes to his land, where he was once happy.
References
External links
Watch film
Soviet-era Ukrainian films
1981 films
Ukrainian drama films
Katja Pettersson is a Swedish designer who has worked and studied within a broad spectrum of design.
Biography
Before studying industrial design at the University College of Arts, Crafts and Design (Konstfack) she worked in theatres and with textiles. In 2003, during her studies, she founded the design group FRONT together with three other students, Sofia Lagerkvist, Charlotte von der Lancken and Anna Lindgren. FRONT has exhibited work at the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the Victoria and Albert Museum and Design Museum in London, and the Nationalmuseum in Stockholm; they were awarded the Designer of the Future prize at Art Basel Miami in 2007.
In 2009, she left FRONT to move closer to the furniture industry, and created The Fifty Fifty Projects with industrial designer Anders Landström. Since then she has been working as an independent designer, investigating design projects which combine design with a social commitment and an interest in the working conditions and production conditions of designers: The Fifty Fifty Projects operates on a business model which shares profits 50/50 between designers and the company.
Pettersson is currently a Senior Lecturer in Industrial design at Konstfack. She previously had a similar position at Beckmans College of Design in Stockholm, Sweden.
References
External links
Front website
The Fifty Fifty Projects website
Swedish designers
Date of birth unknown
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Big Apple Softball League (BASL) is an LGBT softball league located in the New York City area. The league is open to all skill levels and abilities, and to all people regardless of race, religion, age, race, religion, gender expression or sexual orientation. The league plays its regular season from late April through early August and holds its playoffs in August. Teams from this league also compete in tournaments in the US and Canada, including the NAGAAA's Gay World Series.
History
The league was founded in 1977 as The Manhattan Community Athletic Association (MCAA). In its first season the league consisted of 12 teams. The winner that season was the Ramrod Bar and Grill team. The Ramrod team flew to San Francisco to take on the Badlands of the San Francisco Community Softball League to play in the first Gay World Series in front of a crowd as large as 5,000 people. Badlands defeated Ramrod, two games to none.
In 1980, the league changed its name to its current name. At this point in the league's history, there were 16 teams. In 1981, the league moved to an arc pitch style of softball play to conform to the North American Gay Amateur Athletic Alliance (NAGAAA).
In 1994, the league hosted the Play for Life tournament on the 4th of July Weekend, a benefit for HIV research.
In 2007, the league celebrated its 30th season of play and is made up of 39 teams, spread across 5 divisions by skill level.
In 2009, BASL introduced the Women+ Division, which has now blossomed into two divisions, Mousseau (named after Jody Mousseau - longtime player and board member) and Green-Batten (named after Cynthia Green and Scott Batten - who both helped in the development of all-female teams prior to the creation of the Women's Division).
Participation at the NAGAAA & ASANA World Series
In 1977, the bar owner of the San Francisco Badlands Bar together with BASL Founder Chuck Dima and other NY bar owners arranged to send the New York Ramrod team to San Francisco to play a three-game series at James P. Lang Field in what was called, and what has now become, the first Gay World Series.
The Big Apple Softball League has also had a great deal of history with the tournament. In 1984, The New York Falcons were disqualified by the NAGAAA for having a straight-identified player on the team. The NAGAAA stated, at that time, that the tournament was for LGBTQ players only. This squabble at the World Series was noted in an article in the LGBT newsmagazine The Advocate. The next year, the NAGAAA changed its rules to allow straight-identified players.
The league hosted the 1986 World Series and has had a great deal of success at the tournament. In 29 NAGAAA Tournaments, The BASL has earned 3 wins and several overall Top 5 finishes.
League Events
Big Apple Softball is a Social League and hosts several events and fundraisers throughout the year. Their league-wide events are their HoliGay Party, All-Star Game, Opening Party and Closing Party. They also host several smaller, team or division-wide events that are more popular throughout the playing season.
Teams also travel to tournaments throughout the country including traveling to Las Vegas, Orlando, Kansas City, Austin, Philadelphia, Boston & Providence, Rhode Island.
The league today
The league currently hosts two playing seasons. A shortened Fall Season that has two divisions and a longer Spring season that has over 30 teams in over 5 divisions, sectioned off by gender-identity and desired competition level. Almost all the teams in the league are now sponsored by at least one organization such as a local business or bar. Some sponsors include Boxers bar, GYM Sportsbar, Dive Bar & Prudential Insurance.
References
About the Big Apple Softball League
Big Apple Softball League History
External links
Big Apple Softball League — official website
LGBT sports organizations in the United States
Softball competitions
The Kaska or Kaska Dena are a First Nations people of the Athabaskan-speaking ethnolinguistic group living mainly in northern British Columbia and the southeastern Yukon in Canada. The Kaska language, originally spoken by the Kaska, is an Athabaskan language.
The Kaska Dena constituted five local bands:
Tu tcogotena (Tu'tcogotena) or Tu cho gha nugga dhal (″Big Water Dwellers″) are the Dena people that occupy the Tucho (Frances Lake) and the Tucho Tue (Frances River) area stretching to the Hyland and Smith rivers. They hunted also the Too-Ti (Liard) and Tucho Tue (Dease River) areas. Also known as McDame Post Kaska or Fort McDame Kaska because they traded at the McDame Post (Fort McDame) trading post (at the mouth of McDame Creek into the Dease River); also referred to as Frances Lake Kaska in some sources.
Ki stagotena (Ki'stagotena) or Tsetotena (Tsay tow tena) (″Mountain Dwellers″) dominated the south and south east of the Natitu a gotena Kaska. Their traditional range included the valleys of the Dease River south from Net I tue to the northern part of Dease Lake where a natural divide separated them from the inland neighbours. Ki stagotena living along Duna za (McDames), meaning “pure place where people stay”, above its junction with the Dease River was also known as Ozanna, “people of the same blood”. Also known as Dease River Kaska.
Espatodena (E)spa'totena) or Espa tah dena (″Dwellers Among the Wild Goats″) and Gata otena (″People Who Hunt Rabbits″) are concentrated within a range east of the Tu tcogotena Kaska north of Tsa Tue (Beaver River) and the Nahanni River. They also hunted at the junction of the Atsonne Tue (Moose Dung Water River/Coal River) and Tyagacho (Big River/Liard).
Naatitu a gotena (Natitu?a'gotena) or Na aw ti to a gotena (″Dwellers at a Sharp Mountain Where a Little River Starts″) occupied the head water country portion of the Liard River called Net I Tue, down to the Canyon above Daylu (Lower Post) which means “a place where we gather to trade”. They made seasonal migrations to the salmon runs at Tu disdis Tue (Pelly River) which means “you can see clearly into the deep water”. Seasonal fishing also was done at Tuts Algua (Watson Lake) or Lu cho, and game was harvested along Agedze Tue (Hyland River) which means “too much game”. The Tu tcogotena Kaska also used the Hyland River and called it Bath-o-too-a (Dangerous River). Since their trading center was traditionally located at Daelyu, the "Lower Post" trading post was officially opened there in 1876, and they were therefore referred to as Lower Post Kaska; in some sources they are also referred to as Upper Liard Kaska.
Tse lona (Tse'lona) or Tsay lona (″Mountain Top″) populated the area south and east of the Ki stagotena. They lived and hunted the Rocky Mountain trench headwaters and valleys, the Kechika range over to the Toad River area and north to the Flat River. Some families in this group are known as Tse Ts iyinetena/Tse Tsiyinetena or “Wolf People of the Mountains”. Before the Hudson Bay post of “Ghee House” was open in 1880, Tse lona Kaska would trade at Fort Nelson and therefor also known as (Fort) Nelson Kaska.
Kaska Dena communities and First Nations include:
Ross River, Yukon (Ross River Dena Council)
Watson Lake and Upper Liard, Yukon (Liard River First Nation)
Good Hope Lake, British Columbia (Dease River First Nation)
Lower Post, British Columbia near Watson Lake (Kaska Nation)
The Kwadacha First Nation (Fort Ware) belongs to the Kaska Dena tribal council but consists of Sekani people.
Kaska Dena also live in British Columbia communities of Fireside and Muncho Lake, between Watson Lake and Fort Nelson along the Alaska Highway. Historically the Kaska people have had a respectful relationship with the land and the environment. Kaska took part in the traditional First Nations seasonal round, following game like caribou and other seasonal food like berries. They used waterways like the Liard River and Frances River to travel from Dease Lake to Frances Lake. They also had several established bush trails for travelling.
By one account, the name of the asbestos-mining ghost town Cassiar is believed to be a variant of Kaska, the town being named for the Kaska people; by another account, the word the name Cassiar derives from is a Kaska word either for a black bird, or for the fibrous asbestos ore upon which the town was built.
After colonization of Yukon, the building of the Alaska Highway, and the government's attempts at assimilation, the Kaska people have lost much of their culture. This includes a substantial loss of the Kaska language. Lower Post was the location of the residential school that the Kaska children had to attend until it closed in 1975.
In 2005, the film One of Many by the French filmmaker Jo Béranger (original French title, Voyage en mémoires indiennes, 2004) profiled Sally Tisiga, a Kaska person, in search of her cultural identity.
References
External links
Kaska Dena Council
In the United States Army and United States Air Force, a Gold Bar Recruiter (GBR) is a newly-commissioned second lieutenant who has been ordered to active duty on permissive Temporary Duty (PTDY) orders to assist the Professor of Military Science (or Aerospace Science, as applicable) and the Recruiting Operations Officer (ROO) with training and recruiting duties.
This position typically begins 60 to 140 days before the BOLC B report date. A Gold Bar Recruiter adds a new perspective and energy to an ROTC battalion because of their recent familiarity with high school, college, and cadet life. If a "Gold-Bar" is in the National Guard, he/she may request extensions of their tour for up to 180 days providing their National Guard unit is willing to allow such an extension. Active duty officers may not receive such an extension, as their position at BOLC have already been reserved through their active duty units.
"Gold Bar" refers to the insignia of a second lieutenant in the United States Armed Forces: a single gold bar. The analogous position for the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps is Permissive Temporary Additional Duty (PTAD).
References
Gold Bar Recruiter
National Guard Gold Bar Recruiter
https://web.archive.org/web/20070724122518/http://www.rotc.monroe.army.mil/helpdesk/appointment%20and%20commissioning%20-1/gold%20bar%20recruiter.htm
Reserve Officers' Training Corps
Military recruitment
Robert Hamilton (1650–1701), second baronet of Preston, was one of the leaders of the Scottish Covenanters. He was the son of Sir Thomas Hamilton, and brother of Sir William, first baronet of Preston. Hamilton was educated at Glasgow University under Professor Burnet. He attached himself to the cause of the Covenanters, and appears in command at Drumclog and Bothwell Brig. After the defeat he retired to Holland, where he remained with his brother-in-law, Gordon of Earlston, till the Revolution of 1688. He declined to recognise title of Prince of Orange, on the ground that he was not a Covenanted sovereign. He was arrested in Edinburgh for being concerned in the second Sanquhar Declaration of August, 1692, issued by the "United Societies". On liberation, he left his testimony afresh against backsliding in Church and State, and becomes as far as one person could be the main stay of "the afflicted Remnant." He died, unmarried, aged 51.
Early life
He was the younger son of Sir Thomas Hamilton of Preston Tower, a Royalist, who fought as lieutenant-colonel at the battle of Dunbar in 1650, and at the battle of Worcester, in the cause of the Stuarts. After his death in 1672 a baronetcy was conferred in 1673 on his eldest son. Sir William. He then took part in the expedition of Archibald Campbell, 9th Earl of Argyll in 1685, escaped to Holland, accompanied the Prince of Orange to England in 1688, but died at Exeter, when the troops were on the march to London.
Robert Hamilton, the younger son, was educated at the University of Glasgow under the care of Gilbert Burnet, whose sister was his step-mother. He began to attend conventicles, and became an extreme Covenanter.
Campaign of 1679
Along with Thomas Douglas and Hackston of Rathillet he, in 1679, drew up what became known as the "Rutherglen declaration", which they intended on 29 May, the king's birthday, to nail to the market-cross of Glasgow. The advance of the troops of John Graham of Claverhouse prevented that, and Rutherglen, about two miles to the east of Glasgow, was chosen instead. They extinguished the bonfire in the king's honour and lit another, where they proceeded to burn all the acts of parliament and royal proclamations made since the Restoration. They then retired towards Evandale and Newmilns, preparing to hold an armed convention on the following Sunday at Loudoun Hill.
Battle of Drumclog
Claverhouse, who had gone to Rutherglen, came suddenly in sight of the gathering. Sending away their women and children the covenanters drew up in battle array on the farm of Drumclog, a little to the east. Nominally Hamilton was in command, but the experienced officers, such as Hackston and Cleland, led the separate detachments of the Covenanters, defeating Claverhouse was due.
Hamilton, however, showed some energy after the fight. In a vindication of his conduct, 7 December 1685, published in Faithful Contendings displayed, for having put to death one of the prisoners after the battle with his own hand, he asserted that before the battle began he had given out the word that "no quarter should be given".
Battle of Bothwell Bridge
The troops had barricaded Glasgow, and the Covenanters were easily repulsed. They halted at the position occupied on the previous night, but on Claverhouse advancing towards them retreated to Hamilton. As Claverhouse was too weak to attack them here, they formed a camp, and according to Hamilton numbered within a week five or six thousand men. Hamilton took all the credit for the victory at Drumclog, and assumed command without ceremony. Time was spent in harangues and theological disputes.
After the withdrawal of the government forces to Stirling the Covenanters advanced to Glasgow, where they are stated to have robbed the archbishop's house, to have pulled down the ornaments of the cathedral, and to have defaced several of the monuments, but having done so they fell back on their old position. The arrival in the camp of John Welch, with a reinforcement of men from Ayr, introduced a disturbing element. Welch was prepared to accept a compromise with the government by which both episcopacy and presbyterianism should be tolerated. He was therefore denounced by the Hamilton party as an Erastian, and the dispute raged till the appearance of the government forces under the Duke of Monmouth. Welch and others, though much in the minority, drew up a declaration, which they presented on 22 June in the hope that it would lead to at least a suspension of hostilities. The declaration is known as the Hamilton declaration, in reference to the town where it was drawn up. Sir Robert Hamilton, in name of the army, also signed a petition to Monmouth, and afterwards, when taunted with this, said that he had been ensnared into the subscription by the belief that it was Donald Cargill's work.
When the Hamilton declaration was presented, the armies were drawn up facing each other on opposite banks of the River Clyde at Bothwell Bridge. Monmouth refused to consider terms until they had laid down their arms. Hamilton occupied himself with the erection of a gigantic gibbet, around which was placed a cartload of new ropes, but as soon as the action began his courage ebbed away. He ordered Hackston to retire when the bridge was attacked, and himself 'rode off with the horse' and 'allowed the foot to shift for themselves,' thus 'leaving the world to debate whether he acted most like a traitor, coward, or fool'.
Hamilton's courage was doubted. Burnet, in a passage omitted from the earlier editions of his Own Time,' calls him an 'ignominious coward,' and Robert Wodrow speaks of his behaviour at Bothwell Bridge as 'ill conduct, not to say cowardice.' During the attack on Glasgow he is said to have waited the issue in a place of safety. In any case he was incompetent as a commander, and displayed feebleness.
Later life
Hamilton fled to Holland, whereupon he was outlawed, and sentenced to be executed whenever apprehended. While in Holland he acted as commissioner 'to the persecuted true presbyterian church in Scotland,' and in this capacity he visited Germany and Switzerland. In 1683 he prevailed on the presbytery of Groningen to ordain James Renwick, who had studied at the university there, as minister to the presbyterian church in Scotland.
At the Glorious Revolution in 1688 Hamilton returned to Scotland, and, his attainder having been reversed, succeeded in that year to the baronetcy on the death of his brother Sir William. He declined to claim his brother's estates, on the ground that it would involve the "acknowledging an uncovenanted sovereign of these covenanted nations". He was unmarried and privately took measures for securing the entailed settlement of the family inheritance on the issue of his brother's daughter Anne, by her husband Thomas, son of Sir James Oswald. On 20 October 1686 a letter had been sent to Hamilton by the united societies stating that they had information ready to be proven 'that he had countenanced the Hamilton declaration which he and his party since had cried out so much against; that he had signed a petition to Monmouth in name of the army ; that he had received large sums of money from good people in Holland for printing the testimonies of the sufferers, and yet greater for the support of the suffering party in Scotland, of which he had given no accounts'. On his return to Scotland he continued, however, to retain his influence with the extreme Covenanters. On 9 November 1689 he protested against the 'compliance at Hamilton,' by which it was agreed by a section of the covenanters to form the Cameronian regiment, of which William Cleland was appointed colonel.
Suspected of having drawn up and published the Sanquhar declaration of 18 August 1692, Hamilton was arrested at Earlstown on 10 September, and for some months he was detained a prisoner at Edinburgh and Haddington. He was several times brought before the privy council for examination, but, although declining to acknowledge their jurisdiction or the authority of William and Mary, received his liberty on 15 May 1693, and was permitted to remain unmolested till his death, 20 October 1701.
Bibliography
The Believer's Farewell to the World, or an Elegie on the Death of that much honoured &c. Gentleman Sir Robert Hamilton, 1701;
Faithful Contendings displayed;
Howie's Scots Worthies;
Wodrow's Sufferings of the Church of Scotland;
Burnet's Own Time;
Napier's Life of Viscount Dundee;
Burton's Hist, of Scotland
References
Citations
Other sources
Attribution
1650 births
1701 deaths
Covenanters
Baronets in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
"The Vulture (Acts I & II)" is a song by the British hardcore punk band Gallows, released as the first single from their second album, Grey Britain. On the UK Singles Chart, it reached a peak of number 56.
Former Gallows frontman Frank Carter told Kerrang!: "I was thinking about all the forgotten children who die before their parents, and this song is about one of those poor bastards becoming Death's apprentice."
Track listing
CD Version
The Vulture (Act II)
Digital version
The Vulture (Act II)
The Vulture (Acts I & II)
Music video
The music video for "The Vulture (Acts I & II)" was released on 26 March 2009. It involves the band playing one scene in formal attire, integrated with another scene with the band stripped, covered in blood.
References
External links
Music video
2009 singles
Gallows (band) songs
2009 songs
Warner Records singles
Music videos directed by Adam Powell
Federica Trota is an Italian wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
1968 births
Italian female curlers
Italian wheelchair curlers
Nicaragua first participated at the Olympic Games in 1968, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then, except the 1988 Games which they did not attend due to athletic and financial considerations. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
To date, no athletes from Nicaragua have won an Olympic medal, although the baseball team finished in fourth place at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The National Olympic Committee for Nicaragua was created in 1959 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Nicaragua at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Nicaragua
Nicaragua at the Paralympics
References
External links
La Matanza ('The Slaughter' in Spanish) is a partido (county or department) located in the urban agglomeration of Greater Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
This provincial subdivision had 1,775,272 inhabitants (at the 2010 Census) in an area of . Its capital city is San Justo, which is located around from the City of Buenos Aires.
History
The origin of the name is uncertain. Is believed to reference a confrontation that Diego, the brother of conquistador Pedro de Mendoza, had with the Querandí tribe in 1536, where he and 22 soldiers that were with him died. This area and the river were named La Matanza (The Slaughter) probably in his name, sometimes using the plural form (Matanzas). The oldest document in which the name of La Matanza appears is dated 29 July 1603.
The partido was named Pago until 1730, then Partido de Matanza y Pozos (Partido of Slaughter and Wells): it was then a largely underpopulated rural area, and was led by a two-mayor system. In 1784, the partido was divided in two into La Matanza and Cañada de Morón (Morón Gully). In 1856, the capital city San Justo was founded.
In the 20th century, its population dramatically increased with the influx of the European immigration first and the internal migration later to the surroundings of the City of Buenos Aires, followed by migrants from neighbouring countries (mainly Bolivia and Paraguay) by the end of the century.
Population
According to the Argentine census bureau, the INDEC, the population was 1,121,298 in 1991, 1,255,288 in 2001 and 1,772,130 in 2010. With an estimate of over 2 million by 2020, it is the most populated partido in the Province of Buenos Aires and the most populated municipality in the country.
Administrative subdivisions
La Matanza Partido is divided into sixteen subdivisions or localidades:
Aldo Bonzi
Ciudad Evita
González Catán
Gregorio de Laferrere
Isidro Casanova
La Tablada
Lomas del Mirador
Rafael Castillo
Ramos Mejía
San Justo (seat)
Tapiales
Veinte de Junio
Villa Celina
Villa Luzuriaga
Villa Madero
Virrey del Pino
Notes and references
External links
Municipality of La Matanza
National University of La Matanza
El1 Digital, a local newspaper
Partidos of Buenos Aires Province
States and territories established in 1784
1976 Macanese legislative election was held in Portuguese Macau on 11 July 1976, returning 17 members of the Legislative Assembly of Macau, with 6 directly elected by electorates, 6 indirectly elected by special interest groups and 5 appointed by the Governor.
Carnation Revolution in 1974 by the left-leaning military officers overthrew the Portuguese Government. The new government started the transition to democracy and decolonization in various colonies, including Macau which the sovereignty could be handed back to China. Democratic reforms were implemented in the city, such as the introduction of democratic elected seats in the Legislative Assembly through the newly enacted Organic Statute of Macau.
This was the first election after the legislature was revamped. Only those with Portuguese nationality or the descendants of Portuguese people were eligible to vote, and hence the Chinese cannot elect the members. Five out of six directly elected seats were won by Macau-born Portuguese, of which 4 were from Association for the Defense of Macau Interest led by conservative Carlos d'Assumpção, and 1 from Democratic Centre of Macau led by radicals supporting handover of Macau.
Governor José Eduardo Martinho Garcia Leandro then appointed five other members to the Legislative Assembly.
On 9 August 1976, the new Legislative Assembly convened its first meeting, with influential pro-Beijing businessman Ho Yin as the acting chair. A day later, Carlos d'Assumpção, the leader of the largest parliamentary faction, was elected the President of the Legislative Assembly, a position which he would hold until his death in 1992.
Elected and appointed members
Results
Results are as follows:
Direct election
|- style="text-align:center;"
! class="unsortable"|
! style="text-align:center;" |Political affiliation
! style="text-align:right;" |Popular votes
! style="text-align:right;" |% of Votes
! style="text-align:right;" |Change in% of vote
! style="text-align:right;" |Seats
! style="text-align:right;" |Net changein seats
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Association for the Defense of Macau Interests (ADIM) || 1,497 || 54.96 || || 4 || 4
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Democratic Centre of Macau (CDM) || 458 || 16.82 || || 1 || 1
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Study Group for Community Development of Macau (GEDEC) || 464 || 17.03 || || 1 || 1
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Independent Group of Macau (GIMA) || 305 || 11.12 || || 0 ||
|-
! colspan="7" |
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Valid votes || 2,724 ||
! !! !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Invalid votes || 43 ||
! !! !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Blank votes || 79 ||
! !! !!
|- class="unsortable"
! colspan="2" |Total and Turnout !! 2,846 !! 78.04 !! !! 6 !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Eligible voters || 3,647 ||
! !! !!
|}
Indirect election
References
1976 elections
1976 in Macau
Elections in Macau
July 1976 events
Adaptive cruise control (ACC) is an available cruise control advanced driver-assistance system for road vehicles that automatically adjusts the vehicle speed to maintain a safe distance from vehicles ahead. As of 2019, it is also called by 20 unique names that describe that basic functionality. This is also known as Dynamic cruise control.
Control is based on sensor information from sensors. Such systems may use a radar or laser sensor or a camera setup allowing the vehicle to brake when it detects the car is approaching another vehicle ahead, then accelerate when traffic allows it to.
ACC technology is regarded as a key component of future generations of intelligent cars. The technology enhances passenger safety and convenience as well as increasing road capacity by maintaining optimal separation between vehicles and reducing driver errors. Vehicles with autonomous cruise control are considered a Level 1 autonomous car, as defined by SAE International. When combined with another driver assist feature such as lane centering, the vehicle is considered a Level 2 autonomous car.
Adaptive cruise control does not provide full autonomy: the system only provides some help to the driver, but does not drive the car by itself.
History
1992: Mitsubishi was the first to offer a lidar-based distance detection system on the Japanese market called Debonair. Marketed as "distance warning", this system warns the driver, without influencing throttle, brakes, or gearshifting.
1995: Mitsubishi Diamante introduced laser "Preview Distance Control". This system controlled speed through throttle control and downshifting, not by applying the brakes.
1997: Toyota offered a "laser adaptive cruise control" (lidar) system on the Japanese market Celsior. It controlled speed through throttle control and downshifting, not by applying the brakes.
1999: Mercedes introduced "Distronic", the first radar-assisted ACC, on the Mercedes-Benz S-Class (W220) and the CL-Class.
1999: Jaguar began offering a radar-based ACC system on the Jaguar XK (X100).
1999: Nissan introduced laser ACC on the Japanese market Nissan Cima.
1999: Subaru introduced world's first camera-based ACC on the Japanese-market Subaru Legacy Lancaster.
2000: BMW introduced radar "Active Cruise Control" in Europe on the BMW 7 Series - E38.
2000: Toyota was the first to bring laser ACC to the US market in late 2000, with the LS 430 Dynamic Laser Cruise Control system.
2000: Toyota's laser ACC system added "brake control", that also applies brakes.
2001: Infiniti introduced laser "Intelligent Cruise Control" on the 2002 Infiniti Q45 Third generation F50 and 2002 Infiniti QX4.
2001: Renault introduced ACC on the Renault Vel Satis (supplied by Bosch)
2002: Lancia introduced radar ACC (by Bosch) on the Lancia Thesis
2002: Volkswagen introduced radar ACC, manufactured by Autocruise (now TRW), on the Volkswagen Phaeton.
2002: Audi introduced radar ACC (Autocruise) on the Audi A8 in late 2002
2003: Cadillac introduced radar ACC on the Cadillac XLR.
2003: Toyota shifted from laser to radar ACC on the Celsior. The first Lexus Dynamic Radar Cruise Control and a radar-guided pre-collision system appeared on the Lexus LS (XF30) US market facelift.
2004: Toyota added "low-speed tracking mode" to the radar ACC on the Crown Majesta. The low-speed speed tracking mode was a second mode that would warn the driver and provide braking if the car ahead stopped; it could stop the car, but would then deactivate.
2005: In the United States, Acura introduced radar ACC integrated with a Collision avoidance system (Collision Mitigation Braking System (CMBS)) in the model year 2006 Acura RL.
2005: Mercedes-Benz S-Class (W221) upgraded ACC to completely halt the car if necessary (now called "Distronic Plus" on E-Class and most Mercedes sedans.
2006: Volkswagen Passat B6 introduced radar ACC supplied by Autocruise and TRW, functioning from . It supported additional functions AWV1 and AWV2 to prevent collisions by using the brake system.
2006: Audi introduced full speed range ACC plus on the Audi Q7. In low-speed mode, it warns the driver of a potential collision and prepares emergency braking as needed. The system was supplied by Bosch.
2006: Nissan introduced "Intelligent Cruise Control with Distance Control Assist" on Nissan Fuga. It pushes the gas pedal against the foot when the navigation system observes an unsafe speed. If the Autonomous cruise control system is used, the Distance Control Assistance reduced speed automatically and warned the driver with an audible bell sound.
2006: September 2006 Toyota introduced its "all-speed tracking function" for the Lexus LS 460. The radar-assisted system maintained continuous control from speeds from and is designed to work under stop/go situations such as highway traffic congestion.
2007: BMW introduced full-speed Active Cruise Control Stop-and-Go on the BMW 5 Series (E60).
2008: Lincoln introduced radar ACC on the 2009 Lincoln MKS.
2008: SsangYong Motor Company introduced radar "Active Cruise Control" on the SsangYong Chairman
2008: Volkswagen Passat CC, B6 and Touareg GP. The ACC system was updated to support a full auto stop and added Front Assist function to prevent collisions working separately of ACC. Front Assist cannot brake automatically, it only increases the pressure in the brake system and warns the driver.
2008: Volkswagen Golf 6 introduced ACC with lidar.
2009: Hyundai introduced radar ACC on Hyundai Equus in Korean market.
2009: ACC and CMBS also became available as optional feature for the 2010 Acura MDX Mid Model Change (MMC) and the newly introduced model year 2010 Acura ZDX.
2010: Ford debuted its first ACC on the sixth generation Ford Taurus (option on most models, standard on the SHO)
2010: Audi introduced a GPS-guided radar ACC on Audi A8#D4
2010: Volkswagen Passat B7, CC. Update of ACC and updated Front Assist. Introduced emergency braking, named "City". The car could brake automatically to prevent a collision.
2010: Jeep introduced ACC on the 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee
2012: Volkswagen made ACC standard on the Volkswagen Golf MK7 SE and above.
2013: Mercedes introduced "Distronic Plus with Steering Assist" (traffic jam assist) on the Mercedes-Benz S-Class (W222)
2013: BMW introduced Active Cruise Control with Traffic Jam Assistant.
2014: Chrysler introduced full speed range radar "Adaptive Cruise Control with Stop+" on the 2015 Chrysler 200.
2014: Tesla introduced autopilot feature to Model S cars, enabling semi-autonomous cruise control.
2015: Ford introduced the first pickup truck with ACC on the 2015 Ford F150.
2015: Honda introduced its European CR-V 2015 with predictive cruise control.
2015: Volvo began offering ACC on all its models.
2017: Cadillac introduced its Super Cruise semi-autonomous feature in the model year 2018 CT6 (for cars produced on or after 6 September 2017). The system used onboard radar and cameras along with lidar mapping data, allowing the driver to go hands-free on limited-access highways.
2017: Toyota introduced its safety sense on all models as a standard feature. Toyota Safety Sense™ P (TSS-P) includes DRCC (dynamic radar cruise control) that uses a front-grille-mounted radar and a forward-facing camera that is designed to detect a vehicle in front and automatically adjust the vehicle's speed to help maintain a pre-set distance behind a vehicle ahead.
Types
Laser-based systems do not detect and track vehicles in adverse weather conditions nor do they reliably track dirty (and therefore non-reflective) vehicles. Laser-based sensors must be exposed, the sensor (a fairly large black box) is typically found in the lower grille, offset to one side.
Radar-based sensors can be hidden behind plastic fascias; however, the fascias may look different from a vehicle without the feature. For example, Mercedes-Benz packages the radar behind the upper grille in the center and behind a solid plastic panel that has painted slats to simulate the look of the rest of the grille.
Single radar systems are the most common. Systems involving multiple sensors use either two similar hardware sensors like the 2010 Audi A8 or the 2010 Volkswagen Touareg, or one central long range radar coupled with two short radar sensors placed on the corners of the vehicle like the BMW 5 and 6 series.
A more recent development is the binocular computer vision system, such as that introduced to the US market in model year 2013 by Subaru. These systems have front-facing video cameras mounted on either side of the rearview mirror and use digital processing to extract depth information from the parallax between the two cameras' views.
Assisting systems
Radar-based ACC is often sold together with a precrash system, which warns the driver and/or provides brake support if there is a high risk of a collision. Also in certain cars, it is incorporated with a lane maintaining system which provides a power steering assist to reduce steering input burden on corners when the cruise control system is activated.
Multi-sensor systems
Systems with multiple sensors can practice sensor fusion to integrate the data to improve safety and/or driving experience. GPS data can inform the system of geographic features such as a freeway offramp. A camera system could notice driver behavior such as brake lights and/or a turn signal. This could allow the following car to interpret a turn signal by an exit as not requiring the following car to slow down, as the leading car will exit. Multi-sensor systems could also take note of traffic signs/signals and not, e.g., violate a red light while following a vehicle that crossed before the signal changed.
Predictive systems
Predictive systems modify vehicle speed based on predictions of other vehicles' behavior. Such systems can make earlier, more moderate adjustments to the predicted behavior, improving safety and passenger comfort. One example is to predict the likelihood of a vehicle in a neighboring lane moving in front of the controlled vehicle. One system predicts a lane change up to five seconds before it occurs.
Regulations and norms
Adaptive cruise control is regulated by european norm ISO 15622 Intelligent transport systems — Adaptive cruise control systems — Performance requirements and test procedures.
According to this standard, an ACC is partial automation of longitudinal vehicle control to reduce the
workload of the driver on roads where non-motorized vehicles and pedestrians are prohibited. It does not deal with stationary objects.
According to this standard, ACC includes two classes of systems: the FSRA (full speed range) and the LSRA (limited speed range).
Vehicle models supporting adaptive cruise control
The three main categories of ACC are:
Vehicles with Full Speed Range 0MPH are able to bring the car to a full stop to and need to be re-activated to continue moving with something like a tap of the gas pedal.
Vehicles with Traffic Jam Assist / Stop & Go auto-resume from standstill to creep with stop and go traffic.
Vehicles with Partial cruise control cuts off and turns off below a set minimum speed, requiring driver intervention.
Vehicles with fully automated speed control can respond to traffic signals and non-vehicular on-road activity.
Mercedes Distronic Plus
In 1999, Mercedes introduced Distronic, the first radar-assisted adaptive system, on the Mercedes-Benz S-Class (W220) and the CL-Class. Distronic adjusts the vehicle speed automatically to the car in front in order to always maintain a safe distance to other cars on the road.
In 2005, Mercedes refined the system ("Distronic Plus") making the Mercedes-Benz S-Class (W221) the first car to receive the upgraded system. Distronic Plus could now completely halt the car if necessary on most sedans. In an episode of Top Gear, Jeremy Clarkson demonstrated the effectiveness of the system by coming to a complete halt from motorway speeds to a round-about and getting out, without touching the pedals.
In 2016, Mercedes introduced Active Brake Assist 4, the first emergency braking assistant with pedestrian recognition.
One crash caused by Distronic Plus dates to 2005, when German news magazine "Stern" was testing Mercedes' original Distronic system. During the test, the system did not always manage to brake in time. Ulrich Mellinghoff, then Head of Safety, NVH, and Testing at the Mercedes-Benz Technology Centre, stated that some tests failed because the vehicle was tested in a metallic hall, which caused problems with radar. Later iterations received an upgraded radar and other sensors, which are not disrupted by a metallic environment. In 2008, Mercedes conducted a study comparing the crash rates of Distronic Plus vehicles and vehicles without it, and concluded that those equipped with Distronic Plus have an around 20% lower crash rate.
See also
Autonomous car
Cooperative Adaptive Cruise Control
IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Society
Intelligent car
Lane centering
Lane departure warning system
Precrash system
References
External links
Cooperative Adaptive Cruise Control: Human Factors Analysis—Federal Highway Administration
Advanced driver assistance systems
Automotive technology tradenames
is a monorail station operated by the Tokyo Tama Intercity Monorail Company in Higashiyamato, Tokyo, Japan.
Lines
Sakurakaidō Station is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line and is located 0.7 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kamikitadai Station.
Station layout
Sakurakaidō Station is a raised station with two tracks and two side platforms. It has a standardized station building of the monorail line.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Surrounding area
The station is above Tokyo Metropolitan Route 43 (Imokubo-Kaidō). Other points of interest include:
Morinaga Milk Industry, Tokyo Tama Plant / Yamato Plant
Casio Hitachi Mobile Communications, Tokyo Plant
Sakura Kaidō
History
The station opened on November 27, 1998 with the opening of the line
References
External links
Tama Monorail Sakura-Kaidō Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1998
Railway stations in Tokyo
Tama Toshi Monorail
Higashiyamato, Tokyo
Upper Denton is a small village and civil parish in the north of Cumbria, England, about 1 km north of the A69 road linking Haltwhistle and Brampton. The population of the civil parish when taken at the Census of 2011 was less than 100. Details are included in the parish of Nether Denton. The village is situated on the line of the Roman Stanegate road which ran from Corbridge (Coria) to Carlisle (Luguvalium). Just 1 km to the north across the river Irthing is Birdoswald fort on Hadrian's Wall. Nearby villages include Gilsland, Greenhead and Lanercost.
The church was built using Roman stones including a re-used Roman arch, believed to have been removed from Birdoswald fort across the river to the north. The old roofless Bastle house just to the east of the church was at one time a Vicarage.
An accident at the level crossing on 24 December 1970 led to a Department of the Environment report. The level crossing is automated even though there are very few residences on the north side of the line, and the road north of the line is a dead end.
See also
Listed buildings in Upper Denton
References
External links
Cumbria County History Trust: Upper Denton (nb: provisional research only – see Talk page)
Pictures, and brief details, of the church
GENUKI page
Birdoswald Fort, Hadrian's Wall (English Heritage)
Villages in Cumbria
City of Carlisle
Civil parishes in Cumbria
The Fencing Association of India (FAI) is the governing body for the sport of fencing in the India and is recognized by the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) as one of its National Sports Association members. It is affiliated to the Asian Fencing Confederation, Commonwealth Fencing Federation and Fédération Internationale d'Escrime (FIE). It was founded in 1974 and recognized by Indian Government in 1997.
Competitions
The association has been holding national competitions in Sub-Junior (1999) Jaipur Rajasthan, Cadet (2004) Cheenai Tamilnaidu, Junior (1992), and Senior (1986) categories, both for boys/men and girls/women.
State and Services federations
There are currently 30 state associations and 2 services associations (SSB and SSPB) affiliated with the Fencing Association of India.
Andhara State Fencing Association
Arunachal Pradesh Fencing Association
Assam Fencing Association
Bihar State Fencing Association
Bengal State Fencing Association
Chandigarh, Dadar & Nagar Haveli Fencing Association
Chhattisgarh Pradesh Fencing Association
Delhi State Fencing Association
The Goa Fencing Association
Amateur Fencing Association of Gujarat State
Haryana State Fencing Association
Himachal Pradesh State Fencing Association
Jharkhand Fencing Association
J & K State Fencing Association
Karnataka Fencing Association
Kerala State Fencing Association
Madhya Pradesh Fencing Association
Maharashtra State Fencing Association
Manipur State Fencing Association
Meghalaya Fencing Association
Mizoram State Fencing Association
Nagaland Fencing Association
Orissa Fencing Association
Pondicherry Armature State Fencing Association
Punjab State Fencing Association
Rajasthan State Fencing Association
Tamil Nadu State Fencing Association
Fencing Association of Tripura
Uttar Pradesh State Fencing Association
Uttarakhand Pradesh Fencing Association
Service Sports Control Board
SSB
See also
Indian Fencing History
References
Fencing in India
Sports governing bodies in India
National members of the Asian Fencing Confederation
1974 establishments in Punjab, India
Sports organizations established in 1974
Albion is an unincorporated community in Ashland County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Albion was originally called Perrysburgh, and under the latter name was laid out in 1830. A post office called Albion was established in 1835, and remained in operation until 1903.
References
Unincorporated communities in Ashland County, Ohio
1830 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1830
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
George Masters (1837-1912) was a zoologist, active in Australia during the 19th century.
Biography
Born in Maidstone, England, to Matilda, née Terry, he was trained as a gardener by his father, George Masters, before moving to Sydney. Masters began working as a gardener, then collecting insects in Queensland for William John Macleay, with the backing of the zoologist Gerard Krefft, later taking a position with the Australian Museum as an assistant curator.
Works
George Masters was a zoölogical collector, primarily of birds, but also of snakes and other animals. Masters also made a significant contribution to entomology, making large collections of insects available for research. He journeyed to remote regions to obtain specimens, including some that will difficult to obtain and are now listed as rare or endangered. His expeditions across the eastern states were extended to South and Western Australia, Tasmania, and Lord Howe Island. Noted collections include a series of specimens of the Queensland lungfish Neoceratodus forsteri, and in Western Australia, Dasyornis longirostris (western bristlebird) and Atrichornis clamosus (noisy scrub bird).
Masters made two collections from Australia's south west for the museum in Sydney, noted as exceptional in a period when they study the birds of the region was lacking. He arrived by ship at King George Sound in 1866 for his first expedition, collecting a single specimen of the cryptic noisy scrub bird and two of the western bristlebird in a total of 281 bird skins. His second expedition (1868–9) was longer and further, journeying from Albany as far as the head of the Pallinup River, returning to Sydney with six more Atrichornis clamosus skins, 10 of Dasyornis longirostris, and eight of Psophodes nigrogularis (western whipbird). These collections also supplemented those of nests and eggs of that state at the Australian Museum, and allowed A. J. North to publish more complete records of its birds oology and nidification in 1889.
He continued collecting for himself, Krefft, Macleay, and others, despite an agreement with the museum to desist from doing so for personal gain.
Masters is said to have gained extensive knowledge of Australian fauna, but avoided recording this in writing. However, Masters observations of Atrichornis clamosus were published and are important records of a rare and little-known bird. His collections are often cited in North's Nests and eggs of birds found breeding in Australia (publ. 1901–14). He served as curator at the Macleay Museum until 1912.
Legacy
Masters is commemorated in the scientific name of a species of Australian venomous snake, Drysdalia mastersii.
References
1837 births
1912 deaths
19th-century Australian zoologists
Zoological collectors
Australian ornithologists
Australian entomologists
Tazawa Bosai Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control. The catchment area of the dam is 1.4 km2. The dam impounds about 3 ha of land when full and can store 248 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1975 and completed in 1993.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
The TCU Horned Frogs men's basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the TCU Horned Frogs men's basketball program in various categories, including points, assists, blocks, rebounds, and steals. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Horned Frogs represent Texas Christian University in the NCAA's Big 12 Conference.
TCU began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1908. However, the school's record book does not generally list records from before the 1950s, as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent. Since scoring was much lower in this era, and teams played much fewer games during a typical season, it is likely that few or no players from this era would appear on these lists anyway.
The NCAA did not officially record assists as a stat until the 1983–84 season, and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season, but TCU's record books includes players in these stats before these seasons. These lists are updated through the end of the 2020–21 season.
Scoring
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
References
Lists of college basketball statistical leaders by team
Statistical
Do Kaliyaan () is a 1968 Indian Hindi-language film directed by R. Krishnan and S. Panju. The film stars Mala Sinha, Biswajeet, Mehmood, Om Prakash and Neetu Singh. It is a remake of the 1965 Tamil film Kuzhandaiyum Deivamum which itself was based on the 1961 American film The Parent Trap, based on Erich Kästner's 1949 German novel Lisa and Lottie ().
Plot
Proud, wealthy, and haughty Kiran meets with down-to-earth middle-class fellow collegian, Shekhar, and after several clashes and misunderstandings, both fall in love and decide to get married. Shekhar meets with Kiran's dominating mom and mousy dad, and is told that he must successfully pass a test that will be put to him through Kiran's mom, to which he agrees and subsequently passes, much to Kiran's delight. The marriage is performed with great pomp and ceremony and Shekhar becomes a ghar jamai. He soon realizes that his presence is next to a lowly servant. He rebels and wants Kiran to leave with him. But Kiran asks him to be patient. Thereafter identical twin girls are born (Ganga and Jamuna). Shekhar still feels that they would be better off living away from Kiran's family, differences arise, and Shekhar moves out with Ganga. Years later, the identical twins Ganga and Jamuna meet at a school outing and both decide to switch places to see how it is like on the other side. Both twins then devise a scheme that will bring their proud grandmother to her heels, and bring their parents together.
Cast
Biswajeet as Shekhar
Mala Sinha as Kiran
Neetu Singh as Ganga / Jamuna (Dual Role) ... Credited as Wonder child Baby Sonia
Mehmood as Mahesh
Om Prakash as Kiran's Father
Nigar Sultana as Kiran's Mother, Kamla Devi
Geethanjali as Menaka (Dance Teacher)
Manorama as Madhumati
Hiralal as Contract Killer
Production
Do Kaliyan was produced by AVM Productions. It is a remake of the studio's own Tamil film Kuzhandaiyum Deivamum (1965), itself based on the American film The Parent Trap (1961). Kuzhandaiyum Deivamum's director duo Krishnan–Panju returned to direct the Hindi remake.
Kutty padmini was acted half of the film . But unfortunately director had a problem with casting kutty padmini. The role was replaced by neetu singh
Soundtrack
Lyrics were by Sahir Ludhianvi.
Release
Do Kaliyan was a major commercial success and, according to film historian Randor Guy, "further brightened the radiant image of Meiyappan and AVM Studios".
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Hindi-language films
1968 comedy films
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
Films based on Lottie and Lisa
Films directed by Krishnan–Panju
Twins in Indian films
Films scored by Ravi
Indian children's films
Risen Peak () is a peak 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) north of Medhovden Bluff in the Gjelsvik Mountains of Queen Maud Land. Mapped from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Risen (the giant).
See also
Gygra Peak
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
The International Straits Commission was an international agency that, under the auspices of the League of Nations, managed the Turkish Straits (the Dardanelles and Bosphorus) from 1923 to 1936.
In the aftermath of World War I and the 1920 Treaty of Sèvres, the Straits were demilitarized and internationalized. In 1923 the Treaty of Lausanne revised the terms of Sevres, and restored Turkish sovereignty, but the Straits remained open unrestricted civilian and military traffic, under the auspices of the International Straits Commission, headed by a Turkish national. This status remained until the 1936 Montreux Convention Regarding the Regime of the Straits, which abolished the Commission and gave full control to Turkey, which was allowed to remilitarize the Straits and forbid traffic to belligerent countries, while restrictions were placed on the passage of warships.
Sources
History of the Republic of Turkey
League of Nations
Turkish Straits
History of the Dardanelles
Bosphorus
1923 establishments in Europe
1936 disestablishments in Europe
Bankhanda is a village in Hapur district in the Indian state Uttar Pradesh, which is located in national capital region The nearest local railway station is Kuchesar Road Chopla.
References
Villages in Ghaziabad district, India
Akdarı is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Kathrine Bomstad (born 3 February 1963) is a Norwegian swimmer. She was born in Narvik, and married to Ricardo Aldabe. She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, in 200 m butterfly, 200 m medley and 400 m medley.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
People from Narvik
Norwegian female medley swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Norway
Swimmers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Norwegian female butterfly swimmers
Sportspeople from Nordland
Glass mullion system or glass fin system is a glazing system in which sheets of tempered glass are suspended from special clamps, stabilized by perpendicular stiffeners of tempered glass, and joined by a structural silicone sealant or by metal patch plates.
Notable examples
I. M. Pei's National Airlines Sundrome at Terminal 6 of JFK Airport was noted for pioneering the use of glass mullions. The airline terminal has since been closed and demolished, after it and the adjacent TWA Flight Center were replaced by a new Terminal 5.
Other buildings employing this system include the Rose Center for Earth and Space, Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts, NASDAQ Marketsite in New York and the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
References
External links
Glass architecture
Melaleuca viridiflora, commonly known as broad-leaved paperbark, is a plant in the myrtle family Myrtaceae, and is native to woodlands, swamps and streams in monsoonal areas of northern Australia and New Guinea. It is usually a small tree with an open canopy, papery bark and spikes of cream, yellow, green or red flowers.
Description
Melaleuca viridiflora is a shrub or small tree usually growing to tall, sometimes twice that height, with white, brownish or grey bark and an open canopy. Its leaves are long, wide, thick, broadly elliptic and aromatic.
The flowers are cream, yellow, yellow-green or occasionally red and arranged in spikes on the ends of branch which continue to grow after flowering and sometimes also in the upper leaf axils. Each spike contains 8 to 25 groups of flowers in threes and is up to long and in diameter. The petals are long and fall off as the flower matures. There are five bundles of stamens around the flower, each with 6 or 9 stamens although the stamens are only weakly joined in bundles. Flowering can occur at any time of the year but most commonly happens in winter. Flowering is followed by fruit which are woody capsules long, scattered along the stem, each containing numerous fine seeds.
Taxonomy and naming
Melaleuca viridiflora was first formally described in 1788 by Daniel Solander, the description published by Joseph Gaertner in De fructibus et seminibus plantarum including a carefully drawn figure of the stamen bundle and fruiting capsules. The description was made during the forced stay of the Endeavour on the banks of the Endeavour River, at the site of the present-day Cooktown, during the first voyage of James Cook. The specific epithet (viridiflora) means "green-flowered", referring to the most common flower colour of this species.
Distribution and habitat
This melaleuca occurs in tropical areas of Australia, including as far south as Maryborough in Queensland, northern parts of Western Australia south to the Dampier Peninsula district, and the northern half of the Northern Territory. It is also found in the southern part of West Papua in Indonesia and southern Papua New Guinea. It grows on the margins of gallery forest, in forest, woodland and swampy plains in a variety of soils.
Ecology
Melaleuca viridiflora forests provide habitat for orchid species including the rare, threatened or endangered Calochilus psednus, Pachystoma pubescens, Eulophia bicallosa and Cardwell midge orchid (Genoplesium tectum). Individual trees often host the epiphytic ant-house plant, (Myrmecodia beccarii).
Plants distributed in south-eastern Florida in 1900 under the name Melaleuca viridiflora have been subsequently identified as Melaleuca quinquenervia.
Uses
Traditional uses
Melaleuca viridiflora is used by Aboriginal Australians for multiple uses. The bark is peeled off in layers and is used for shelter, bedding, containers, storing and cooking food, fire tinder, watercraft, fish traps and wrapping corpses. In traditional medicine, an infusion from leaves was drunk, inhaled or used for bathing to treat coughs, colds, congestion, headache, fever and influenza.
Essential oils
Different populations of this species yield different oils but there are two distinct groups. One is rich in terpenic oil but otherwise highly variable with three distinct chemotypes. Another population is rich in methyl cinnamate with two chemotypes.
Horticulture
Melaleuca viridiflora is a useful and adaptable small tree in cultivation, with the red-flowered form being preferred. It is suitable for tropical and subtropical areas where there is high summer rainfall, especially in heavy clay soils. Its open canopy makes it a useful host tree for epiphytes such as
Dendrobium.
Gallery
References
Bushfood
Flora of Queensland
Medicinal plants
viridiflora
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of New Guinea
Flora of the Northern Territory
Plants described in 1788
Rosids of Western Australia
The Lynching: What They Wouldn't Let Jackie Walker Tell You are a one-person play by British activist Jackie Walker.
Background
The Lynching is a one-woman, 90-minute performance, performed by Jackie Walker and written collaboratively with Norman Thomas. The production focuses on the lives of Walker's activist parents, her own struggles with racism after she came to Britain in the late 1950s, and what happened to her after the Labour Party was enveloped in an antisemitism row. Some of the material on her family also appears in her family memoir Pilgrim State, while her later experience is also covered in the film Witch Hunt.
It is described as "the one woman show about a real-life witchhunt: an attempt to destroy Jeremy Corbyn and an entire political movement." Walker described her treatment by the media as a "political lynching" designed "to smash the most radical political movement we have ever seen". Walker adds: "This show is my chance to tell my side of the story."
Overview
In the show, Walker plays a number of characters including her Jewish communist father, arriving as a refugee in New York around 1918, and her Jamaican-born black civil rights activist mother. Imagining herself on trial for antisemitism, she adopted the character of her mother to put the case for the defence.
Tour
The Lynching had its premiere at Edinburgh Festival Fringe on 4 August 2017.
Reception
In August 2017, the Board of Deputies of British Jews wrote to Edinburgh Council to request that the show be banned from council owned premises.
Alexei Sayle wrote in The Guardian, "Jackie possesses a lovely singing voice and the honed acting skills of a veteran performer, plus the tragic story of her Jewish civil rights campaigner father and her black Jamaican mother, who was wrongly confined to a mental institution in the US, is worth a show in itself. Jackie is also very funny and frank about her own bolshy nature."
Linguist and philosopher Noam Chomsky said: "I wholeheartedly support the right of anyone to criticise Israel without being branded antisemitic. That goes in particular for Jackie Walker".
Lee Levitt of The Jewish Chronicle said the show is an attempt to "justify the views that have made her a controversial figure" and that the opening of her Edinburgh Fringe performance was "greeted by cheers and a standing ovation".
In the Morning Star, Bernadette Hyland described it as "a story which Walker brings to life using song and readings" and "a shocking and sorrowful narrative as we follow her mother and siblings from the US to Jamaica and finally to Britain".
Camden New Journal said of the play, "Billed as a story of black struggle, racism and Jeremy Corbyn, it mixes politics, humour, drama and song, The Lynching invites the audience-as-jury to hear Jackie's mother defend her daughter."
Ben Fishwick of The News said, "Ms Walker's show, The Lynching, sees the audience act as a jury while her mother 'comes to life' defending her actions."
John Gulliver of The Islington Tribune "found it absorbing and revealing".
See also
Antisemitism in the UK Labour Party
Pilgrim State
Witch Hunt (2019 film)
The Lobby (TV series)
References
External links
2017 plays
English-language plays
Plays about race and ethnicity
Plays by Jackie Walker
Ken Koblun is a Canadian musician who during the 1960s played alongside Neil Young in The Jades, the Squires, the Stardusters, and briefly Buffalo Springfield. He replaced Comrie Smith in 3's a Crowd, playing with the band from 1966 to 1967.
Early years
Koblun began his music career as the bassist for the Squires, a teen band formed by Young in the early 60's out of Earl Grey Junior High. After the band broke up, Koblun found work playing bass for various folk musicians. When Stephen Stills and Richie Furay were seeking to start a rock band in Los Angeles, a few months after Koblun had taken a trip to New York City in 1965, they could not find Young, but did succeed in locating Koblun, whom they convinced to come to California to join the group. However, he stayed for only a few days before deciding to return to Canada where he joined up with 3's a Crowd. In January 1967, a replacement was needed for Bruce Palmer, who was fighting possible deportation. Koblun only played with them for about a month before the band decided his personality was undesirable and his bass playing not as good as they anticipated. During that time he did appear in one of the few film clips of the band, doing lip synchronization to "Sit Down, I Think I Love You" on the television show Where The Action Is. Koblun did not record with the band, but Young's epic "Broken Arrow" is dedicated to Koblun in the sleeve notes of Buffalo Springfield Again.
Koblun appeared on the 3's a Crowd album Christopher's Movie Matinée.
He has worked with various musicians such as, Richie Furay, Stephen Stills, Dewey Martin, Donna Warner, David Wiffen, Trevor Veitch, Brent Titcomb, and Richard Patterson.
References
Living people
Canadian bass guitarists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Luc Maria Alfons Pauwels (born 1957) is a Belgian visual sociologist and communication scientist, Professor of Communication Studies at the University of Antwerp, Belgium, and director of its Visual and Digital Cultures Research Center (ViDi). He is known for his work on visual research methods.
Biography
Pauwels obtained his degrees in sociology, communication science and philosophy at the University of Antwerp and the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in the 1970s and 1980s. In 1991 he obtained his PhD in Social and Cultural Sciences at the VU University Amsterdam with the thesis, entitled "Visuele sociologie? : de camera en de verbeelding van de wetenschap en de samenleving" (Visual sociology? : The camera and the imagination of science and society).
After graduation Pauwels started his academic career as associate professor in communication science at the University of Antwerp, Department of Political and Social Sciences, and was lecturer at the Maastricht University. In the new millennium Pauwels was appointed professor at the Department of Communication Studies at the University of Antwerp, Belgium. In Antwerp he also directs the Visual and Digital Cultures Research Center (ViDi).
At the International Communication Association (ICA) Pauwels has been chair of the Visual Communication Studies Division, has been vice president of the International Visual Sociology Association (IVSA), and served on the board of the International Visual Literacy Association (IVLA). Pauwels has also served on the editorial board of the journals Visual Studies from Routledge, Visual Communication from Sage Publications, and the Journal of Visual Literacy (IVLA).
Work
Pauwels research interests are in the fields of "visual sociological research methods, film and image analysis, media analysis, analysis/evaluation of film policy, media historic research of exploitation and media reception." He came into prominence in the late 1990s for his research into "the specifics and the potential of camera-generated images as data (not merely illustration) for anthropological and sociological research."
Pauwels is particularly focussed on contemporary scientific data gathering and scholarly communications, and investigates the impact of traditional visual representational means and new media technologies on its practices. In his early work he started designing research methodologies and typologies of visual social science, and over the years developed these into three specific conceptual frameworks for visual social science.
Visual sociology
Pauwels is among the foremost visual sociologists, who have been "interested in improving visual research methods and committed to broadening and strengthening empirical social science." Seminal work in the field has been done by Howard S. Becker since the 1970s. According to Harper (1986):
Becker related the emerging visual sociology to the ongoing projects of documentarians, reaching back for roots through the work of Robert Frank, the FSA, and the early reformers like Hine and Riis. Becker also analyzed several methodological questions such as sampling, reliability, validity, and the role of theory in visual research.
Other seminal contributions came from Richard Chalfen (1987), who brought forward an anthropologist's perspective, John Grady (1996), who reflected on "the scope of visual sociology," Doug Harper (2000), who wrote on reflected on "reimagining visual methods.", and Pauwels (2000), who promoted the concept of "visual scientific literacy." Grady (2007) recalled Pauwels contribution as follows:
Finally, Pauwels (2000) states that visual sociologists should develop “visual scientific literacy” to fully exploit the research opportunities that the wide range of visual materials and visual methods make possible. Becoming fluent in visual materials requires several competencies, including a detailed knowledge of how the materials were produced, the bodies of knowledge that study what the materials refer to, and the most accurate and effective ways to communicate visual materials.
With these contributions visual sociology was developed into the new millennium into "a broad continuum of interests and applications premised on diverse theoretical foundations, a wide array of research programs, and a varied commitment to sociology as a discipline."
Visual and cultural expressions of websites, 2005
In 2007 Grady characterized the World Wide Web as "a vast bazaar of retailers, fan clubs, family gatherings, and porn sites—to mention some of the most popular venues—which are connected to other sites by explicit links or the insatiable appetite of browsers to devour whatever their search engines might ensnare." In his 2005 article "Websites as visual and multimodal cultural expressions" Pauwels had already detected a growing interest in the scientific research in the web as research object:
The internet is being discovered as a rich resource for researchers in many respects: as a field of study, a research tool and a means for scholarly communication. Several authors have dealt with the implications of transferring established research methods (survey, focus groups, content analysis, interviewing) to online mode, or with the question of how to take advantage of new practices of web users (e.g. chatting) for studying culture... Yet the efforts of researchers to take advantage of the web in each of the indicated areas are not commensurate with the rapid expansion and impact of the online environment on so many aspects of a globalizing society.
In his study Pauwels concluded that "while the Web forms both a unique subject and tool for cultural research... serious methodological problems still need to be overcome before these promising prospects can be realized to their full extent. These problems have to do with getting to know the Web population, and how they relate to the rest of the off-line world, and with developing adequate research tools to disclose the varied verbal and visual nature of the Web."
Conceptual frameworks for visual social science
Over the years Pauwels developed three specific conceptual frameworks for three distinct domains of visual social science:
A Conceptual Framework for Analyzing and Producing Visual Representations in Science
The Integrated Framework for Visual Social Research, and
The Multimodal Framework for Analyzing Web Phenomena
These frameworks have been applied by Pauwels and others in various areas ranging from research into private image production such as family photography, organizational culture and symbolism, Internet phenomena and advertising, and health promotion in South Africa, to the conceptualisation of urban culture, and globalization.
Selected publications
Pauwels, Luc, ed. Visual cultures of science: rethinking representational practices in knowledge building and science communication. UPNE, 2006.
Margolis, Eric, and Luc Pauwels, eds. The Sage handbook of visual research methods. Sage, 2011.
Pauwels, L. (2015) Reframing Visual Social Science: Towards a More Visual Sociology and Anthropology. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press
Articles, a selection:
Pauwels, Luc. "Managing impressions On visually decoding the workplace as a symbolic environment." Visual Studies 11.2 (1996): 62-74.
Pauwels, Luc. "Taking the Visual Turn in Research in Scholarly Communication." Visual Sociology 15.1–2 (2000): 7–14
Pauwels, Luc. "Websites as visual and multimodal cultural expressions: opportunities and issues of online hybrid media research." Media, Culture & Society 27.4 (2005): 604-613.
Pauwels, Luc. "A theoretical framework for assessing visual representational practices in knowledge building and science communications." Visual cultures of science: Rethinking representational practices in knowledge building and science communication (2006): 1-25.
Pauwels, Luc. "Visual sociology reframed: An analytical synthesis and discussion of visual methods in social and cultural research." Sociological Methods & Research 38.4 (2010): 545-581.
Pauwels, Luc. "A multimodal framework for analyzing websites as cultural expressions." Journal of Computer‐Mediated Communication 17.3 (2012): 247-265.
Pauwels, Luc. "Conceptualising the'Visual Essay'as a Way of Generating and Imparting Sociological Insight: Issues, Formats and Realisations," Sociological Research Online 17.1 (2012): 1.
Pauwels, L. (2014) "World cities reframed: a visual take on globalization," Visual Communication, 13(3), August 2014, pp. 389–402
Pauwels, L. (2015) "Participatory Visual Research Revisited: A critical-constructive assessment of epistemological, methodological and social activist tenets." Ethnography, Vol. 16(1) 95–117, Sage.
References
External links
Luc Pauwels : Full Professor of Visual Studies, University of Antwerp.
1957 births
Living people
Belgian sociologists
University of Antwerp alumni
KU Leuven alumni
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam alumni
University of Antwerp faculty
Andrew James Gilmour (born March 1964) is CEO of the Berghof Foundation. He was formerly United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights, until 2019, and also served as Director for Political, Peacekeeping, Humanitarian and Human Rights affairs in the Executive Office of the Secretary-General, from 2012 to 2016.
Family
Andrew Gilmour is the youngest son of the British cabinet minister and political thinker, Lord (Ian) Gilmour of Craigmillar and Lady Caroline Montagu Douglas Scott (daughter of the 8th Duke of Buccleuch). His siblings are the historian Sir David Gilmour, the conductor Oliver Gilmour, the restaurateur Christopher Gilmour, and Jane Pleydell-Bouverie, Festival Director of the Chalke Valley History Festival. He is married to medical doctor and author Emma Williams. They have four children: Archie b.1993, Xan b. 1996, Catriona b. 1999, and Sholto b. 2001.
Education
Gilmour was educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford, where he read Modern History and won the Gladstone Memorial Prize (1986) for his thesis on The Changing Reactions of the British press to Mussolini, 1935–40. He undertook a master's degree at the London School of Economics in Government and International Relations during 1986–7.
UN career
Gilmour joined the United Nations in 1989 and worked in Afghanistan, Iraq, South Sudan, Middle East, West Africa, and the Balkans. In 2016, Ban ki-Moon appointed him UN Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights, a post he held for over three years until the end of 2019, when he left the UN aged 55. During this period he was assigned the role of UN system-wide focal point for dealing with reprisals and intimidation that are carried out, usually by Governments, against individuals or NGOs who have cooperated with or seek to cooperate with the UN on human rights issues. He was a vocal defender of human rights activists who are under growing threats and pressure for their work.
He has spoken out against human rights violations carried out against the Rohingya people of Myanmar, the Palestinians, the Syrian people and victims in many other countries including China, Egypt, Libya and the Philippines. These followed in particular after his visits to Yemen, Democratic Republic of Congo, South Sudan, Kenya, Liberia, Mali, Burkina Faso, Central African Republic, Afghanistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Honduras, and Colombia.
He has also been an advocate in favour of LGBT rights, victims of torture, rape survivors especially among the Yazidis and Rohingya, and indigenous peoples' rights.
Gilmour was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 2020 Birthday Honours for services to human rights.
Publications
Gilmour published a short history of the UN's involvement in the Middle East from 1945 to 2015. He has also published in the Financial Times, the New York Times, the Guardian, Bloomberg, The Nation, and other world publications, including in Africa and Latin America.
He also published “The future of human rights: A view from the UN,” in the Journal of Ethics and International Affairs.
References
1964 births
Living people
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Alumni of the London School of Economics
British humanitarians
British officials of the United Nations
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
The Thomas W. Clyde is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack, normally ported at Deal Island, Maryland. Built at Oriole, Maryland in 1911, the Clyde is one of nineteen surviving skipjacks built before 1912.
She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. She is assigned Maryland dredge number 39.
References
External links
, including photo in 1983, at Maryland Historical Trust
Somerset County, Maryland
Skipjacks
Ships on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
1911 ships
National Register of Historic Places in Somerset County, Maryland
Official name is Borgring
Borrering (1682: Borre Ring; 1877 & 1992: Borrering) also known as Vallø Borgring or Vallo ring-fortress (also Borgringen ved Lellinge, Lellinge Ringborg, Borgring, Borgerring, Borring and other names) is a Danish Viking fortification located on Zealand, east of Gammel [Gl.] Lellingegaard in the parish of Højelse and north-east of Lellinge. The ring sits on land under the Chapter of Vallø (the land and Gl. Lellingegaard has been a part of the estate of Vallø (later Chapter of Vallø) since 1721).
Description
Borrering is circular in shape and spans 145 metres across and thus ranks third among the original, Danish Viking ring fortresses. It featured a 10–11-meter wide rampart and was shielded by a palisade, made by pointed wooden stakes. No fortification moat has been uncovered, but the Ellebækken stream running due west of the fortification might have offered a natural defence as might a small lake to the north/north-east. During the excavation in 2014 the northern and eastern gates were found exactly where they would be expected to be in a trelleborg-type fortification.
Borrering could join the group of trelleborgs which include Trelleborg at Slagelse, Nonnebakken at Odense, Fyrkat at Hobro and Aggersborg next to The Limfjord. These fortifications have all been dated to ca. 980 a.d. However, conclusive dating of Borrering remains to be done.
During the Viking Age the fortress would have enjoyed a strategic, geographical advantage overlooking the intersection of the old high roads from Roskilde and Ringsted extending as far as the two streams in Køge Ådal, which at this time was a ship-ready fjord and one of the best natural ports on Zealand, offering easy access to the Bay of Køge.
Name
Borrering is the name of the fortress as well as the area. The written sources for these dates back to 1682.
The name has been subject to some modification through the ages leading to a plethora of variations in different contexts.
The name may also have been used either to denote the Viking Age fortification itself or the bank immediately east of Gl. Lellingegård:
«the place name with great certitude has moved geographically. Maps from the late 1800s will reveal Borgring or Boring to be the name of a small forest some 300 metres west of the ring fortress.»
In 1682 the name Borrering is also synonymous with Borre Rings Aggere and Borre Rings Agre. An undated land register (pre-1850 ?) supplies the name Borrerings Mark, and a guide from 1860 offers Borgrings Marken. Military and topographical maps through the ages contain versions such as Boring (1897) and Borgring (1911, 1941 and 1983), and a forest map from 1925 uses Borgringen.
In 1875, the variant Borgerring was used.
In 1877 Anders Petersen uses the form Borrering in his book: Vallø og Omegn.
The 3rd and 4th editions of Trap Danmark (Statistisk-topografisk Beskrivelse af Kongeriget Danmark) from 1898 and 1921, respectively, use the name Borgering.
The version Borring appears in an old legend, and is used a few times between 1911 and 1946.
All Danish fortifications used to be registered by the Danish National Museum's Department of Middle Ages even when finds, such as Borrering, were not from that age. The Museum registered the ring fortress as Borrering, and when Harald Andersen submitted an article to the magazine Skalk in 1992 in which he "dragged" the pre-Medieval fortifications out of the darkness, Borrering was consequently referred to in this version:
«Borrering, Højelse parish. Circular embankment/grave about 140 m. across, today used for farming. Find dating from early Roman times.»
«Two major fortresses on Bornholm [....], both from late Iron Age, are clearly refuges while it is less clear if this is also the case with the two remaining fortresses of this magnitude, viz. a circular fortress located just outside Køge, pottery-dated to Roman times, and [....]»
"Borrering, Højelse s. Kredsrund vold/grav, ca 140 m i diam., nu helt nedpløjet. Fund fra ældre romertid." [in Danish]
"To storborge på Bornholm [....] begge dateret til yngre jernalder, er utvivlsomt tilflugtssteder, mens det er mere usikkert, om det samme gælder de to andre anlæg, som endnu er tilbage i denne størrelsesklasse, nemlig en kredsrund borg beliggende tæt uden for Køge, skårdateret til romertid, og [....]" [in Danish]
The name Borrering has therefore been used several times since 1992, e.g. in 2009, 2010 and 2011.
The primary name of Borrering has been recorded by The Department of Nordic Research (Nordisk Forskningsinstitut) at University of Copenhagen, although the department only records instances found on maps and in land registers while ignoring literature and other institutes. Therefore, the versions of the name used by Sophus Müller, Trap Danmark, during the excavations led by Thorkild Ramskou in 1971–72, in the National Museum registry and Harald Andersen are not mentioned. The department has not registered usage of the recent past. This means that the recordings of The Department of Nordic Research as for now is of limited usability as a source to naming convention and usage concerning Borrering over the years - including the recent years.
Lately, other versions have appeared almost supplanting the original name. Especially in 2013–2014 there has been a trend towards new names for the fortress. Borgringen ved Lellinge has been used a few times in 2013–2014, and the shorter version Borgring on several occasions. The Chapter of Vallø stirred waters when, during publication of the preliminary excavation results in September 2014, they wanted to rename the fortress Vallø Borgring. In response to this and following vocal opposition, a Facebook group was created on 8 September 2014 to promote the name Lellinge Ringborg. This version has been used by the Viking Ship Museum in Roskilde.
"Borre" as a name or word has several denotations in Danish, but for this discussion it seems most relevant to consider "fortified site" or just "fortress". So, in terms of naming, Borrering becomes part of a group of pre-historic fortifications that include Borremose fortified settlement in Himmerland, Borreknold on Falster and Borrehoved on Bornholm.
Legends
It is said about the largest church bell in Højelse that ..., upon its inaugural knell, the ancient castle of »Borring« by Lellinge stream sank deep into the earth.
Research history
The place Borre Ring is first mentioned in a 1682 land register as part of Christian V's cadastral map.
The fortress is reportedly outlined on an 1805 land map of Lellingegård.
The fortress was first codified by Sophus Müller in 1875:
«Right to the east of the farm [Gl. Lellingegaard] lies a bank called "Borgerring" and by virtue of its location next to the stream [...]»
although no certain date has been offered.
The US Air Force aerial photo (ortho-photo) from Basic Cover 1954 and provided by COWI shows the fortress as a somewhat blurry shadow on the field.
It was only after echo-photography in November 1970 that it became clear that there might be an actual trelleborg near Lellinge (the circular structure was recognized on a photography by warrant officer Valdemar Ryhl from Air Base Karup).
In 1971–72, the Danish National Museum, represented by Thorkild Ramskou, conducted excavations on the site, but the research technology available at the time left the embankment itself undated. Evidences of settlement and middens were dated to the Roman Iron Age. No evidence of later settlements was found at the excavation site. Prior to work there was a general expectation that the excavation would reveal and document that the fortress ring was from the Viking Age and similar to the other known Viking ring fortresses. This expectation, however, was not satisfied.
Some forty years later, professor Søren Sindbæk of University of Aarhus were working on a major book on Aggersborg, when he recognized a clear pattern to the location of the other fortresses; it soon became clear that there was a fortress missing in eastern Zealand. The trelleborgs are placed a day's march apart, i.e. about 30–40 kilometres. This distance was also apparent between the nearest fortress Trelleborg at Slagelse and the now already known Borrering at Lellinge, which could not previously be counted as a Viking trelleborg.
In 2014 further archeological research by Danish Castle Centre and University of Aarhus and with some important help from Helen Goodchild from University of York showed that Borrering dates back to the 10th century. Remnants of burnt gates were also found possibly suggesting war activity of the kind found in Trelleborg at Slagelse, where nineteen arrows were found inside the fortress. Up until 2014, the fortress has only been mentioned a few times in literature, leaving one of the largest circular fortresses in Denmark in relative obscurity. As yet only minor sections of the fortress have been unearthed.
Despite the geometric plan, in line with other trelleborgs, the gates of Borrering are not perfectly aligned north, east, south and west. The minor dislocation (11°) probably reflects concerns that the fortress would emerge asymmetrical in the landscape if the prevailing building principles were rigorously obeyed.
Excavations will continue in 2015.
Builder
Harald Bluetooth is presumed to be the master builder of the other Danish trelleborg-type fortresses, and it seems plausible that he may indeed have built the ring fortress at Lellinge, too. The fortress remains to be conclusively dated, however, rendering Harald Bluetooth's involvement likely but not proven.
See also
Aggersborg
Borgeby Castle
Fyrkat
Harald Bluetooth
Nonnebakken
Trelleborg (Slagelse)
Viking ring fortress
Vikings
Footnotes
References
External links
Press release from Danish Castle Centre [in Danish]
Newly Discovered Viking Fortress Could Have Been a Launch Point for Invading England, by Rachel Nuwer, Smithsonian.com, 9 September 2014
Vikingeborg fundet ved Køge, Sjællandske Medier, 5. September 2014 [in Danish]
Vikingeborg kan ændre datering af Køge af Katrine Wied, Dagbladet (Sjællandske Medier), 5. September 2014, p. 16-17 [in Danish]
Arkæologer: Flere vikingeborge vil dukke op, Videnskab.dk, 9. September 2014 [in Danish]
Borgring: the discovery of a Viking Age ring fortress, by Helen Goodchild, Nanna Holm and Søren M. Sindbæk, Antiquity, Volume 91, Issue 358, August 2017, pp. 1027-1042
Science Magazine. 2017. "Thousand-year-old Viking fortress reveals a technologically advanced society." Includes a Q&A with Søren M. Sindbæk.
Viking ring fortresses
Forts in Denmark
Archaeological sites in Denmark
Nuno Claro Simões Coimbra (born 7 January 1977), known as Claro, is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Claro was born in Tondela, Viseu District. During his Portuguese career he played almost always in the lower leagues (second division or lower), starting out at local club Académico de Viseu FC. His Primeira Liga input consisted of 13 games with Moreirense F.C. from 2003 to 2005, and in January 2007 he signed with F.C. Paços de Ferreira from lowly S.L. Nelas, but could only be third choice, being released after a few months.
Claro transferred to CFR Cluj of Romania in June 2007, joining a host of compatriots and winning the Liga I title in his debut season, contributing 15 matches. From 2009 to 2011 he made the bulk of his appearances (48), winning another national championship in the former campaign; he was released in June 2013 at the age of 36, but continued to compete in the country, first with ACS Poli Timișoara.
Honours
Paços de Ferreira
Segunda Liga: 1999–2000
Cluj
Liga I: 2007–08, 2009–10, 2011–12
Cupa României: 2007–08, 2008–09, 2009–10
Supercupa României: 2009, 2010
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Viseu District
Portuguese footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
Académico de Viseu F.C. players
AD Fafe players
F.C. Paços de Ferreira players
C.D. Trofense players
Gondomar S.C. players
Moreirense F.C. players
Liga I players
Liga II players
CFR Cluj players
ACS Poli Timișoara players
CSM Slatina footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Romania
George Ross Ihaka (born 1954) is a New Zealand statistician who was an Associate Professor of Statistics at the University of Auckland until his retirement in 2017. Alongside Robert Gentleman, he is one of the creators of the R programming language. In 2008, Ihaka received the Pickering Medal, awarded by the Royal Society of New Zealand, for his work on R.
Education
Ihaka completed his undergraduate education at the University of Auckland, and obtained his PhD in 1985 from the University of California, Berkeley supervised by David R. Brillinger. His thesis was on statistical modelling for seismic interferometry and was titled Rūaumoko, after the god of earthquakes, volcanoes and seasons in Māori mythology.
Career and research
As of 2010, he was working on a new statistical programming language based on Lisp. The Department of Statistics at the University of Auckland started a public lecture series in his honour in 2017.
Personal life
Ihaka is of Ngāti Kahungunu, Rangitāne and Ngati Pākehā (New Zealand European) descent.
References
Living people
New Zealand statisticians
University of Auckland faculty
University of California, Berkeley alumni
R (programming language) people
New Zealand Māori academics
Ngāti Kahungunu people
Māori and Pacific Island scientists
1954 births
Wilfong–Wilson Farm, also known as the Major Wilson House, is a historic farm and national historic district located near Startown, Catawba County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 2 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site and 2 contributing structures. The house was built about 1830, and is a two-story, Federal style frame farmhouse. Also on the property are the contributing log smokehouse, corn crib, and potato house.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1830
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
1830 establishments in North Carolina
Alladin and the Wonderful Lamp, also known by its Telugu-language title Allauddin Adhbhuta Deepam, its Tamil-language title Allavudeenum Arputha Vilakkum, and its Hindi-language title Alladdin Ka Chirag, is a 1957 Indian fantasy film produced by M. L. Pathy on Jai Sakthi Pictures banner and directed by T. R. Raghunath. The film stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Anjali Devi and music jointly composed by S. Rajeswara Rao & S. Hanumantha Rao. It is an adaptation of the story of Aladdin from One Thousand and One Nights and a trilingual, filmed simultaneously in three different languages. Allavudeenum Arputha Vilakkum was released on 29 March 1957, and Allavuddin Adbhuta Deepam followed on 13 April. Alladin Ka Chirag too, came in the same year.
Plot
Once upon on time, there lives a savage warlock Jaffer (S.V.Ranga Rao) who longs to conquer the entire world. Through his friend Yakub (T. S. Balaiah) he learns about a wonderful magic lamp that grants any wish by the ghost prisoned inside and it is stationed at Korakaram caves. To achieve it a young & energetic guy who holds 7 moles on his righthand is required and Jaffer finds out the person is Aladdin (Akkineni Nageswara Rao). Right now Jaffer makes Yakub dumb also forges a statue as Sitara (Rajasulochana), meets Alladin by purporting as his paternal uncle, and propels Alladin towards the caves. After making an adventurous journey, Alladin achieves the lamp, in his return, Jaffer asks to hand over the lamp to which he refuses, so, angered Jaffer locks him inside the cave and quits. At that time, Alladin uses the magical ring given by Jaffer for emergency and arrives home. Thereafter, he narrates the actuality to his mother Fathima (Malathi) as frightened she throws away the lamp which is buried in their backyard. Time passes, and Alladin falls for Bagdad Sultan's only daughter Yasmin (Anjali Devi), one night, he secretly enters the fort but is caught by the soldiers and the Sultan punishes him severely. Looking at her son's pain Fathima approaches Sultan and pleas to couple up Princess with Alladin then Sultan challenges Alladin to gain amass wealth equal to him. At that juncture, Alladin finds the old wonder lamp while Fathima is cleaning it the ghost is released and Alladin turns into a big wheel when Sultan lives up to his promise and espousals Alladin & Yasmin. Here, unfortunately, Jaffer discovers that Alladin is alive, so, in a disguised form, he steals the lamp, imprisons Yasmin, and pulls back Alladin's wealth. At present, Alladin moves in search of Yasmin, with the help of Yakub lands at the fort and spots that Jaffer is threatening Yamin to fulfill his lust. Then, trickily Alladin recoups the lamp, eliminates Jaffer, and bounces back to Bagdad. At last, the Sultan handovers the kingdom to Alladin and he sets the ghost-free as it may not be misused. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note.
Cast
Adapted from Film News Anandan's database:
Akkineni Nageswara Rao as Allavuddin
Anjali Devi as Yasmin
S. V. Ranga Rao as Jaffer
Relangi as Syed
T. S. Balaiah as Yakub
Rajasulochana as Sitara
K. Malathi as Fhathima
G. Shakunthala as Roshanara
Master Anand as young Allavuddin
Soundtrack
The soundtrack composed by S. Rajeswara Rao & S. Hanumantha Rao.
Production
The film is an adaptation of the story of Aladdin from One Thousand and One Nights. It was directed by T. R. Raghunath, produced by M. L. Pathy under Jai Sakthi Pictures, and was simultaneously filmed in Tamil as Allavudeenum Arputha Vilakkum, Telugu as Allavuddin Adbhuta Deepam and in Hindi as Alladdin Ka Chirag. Alladin and the Wonderful Lamp was used as the English title for the trilingual. The screenplay was written by Raghunath and V. Srinivasan. Akkineni Nageswara Rao starred as the title character. R. Sampath was the cinematographer, and S. A. Murugesan worked as editor. The sequence of the song "Seladum Neerodai Meethe" and its Telugu version was shot in Gevacolor, as the censor certificate of this film states as partly coloured. The Telugu version marked the first Telugu film to have colour sequence.
Release
Allavudeenum Arputha Vilakkum was released on 29 March 1957, and Allavuddin Adbhuta Deepam followed on 13 April. Alladin Ka Chirag was released in the same year too.
References
External links
1950s fantasy films
1950s Hindi-language films
1950s multilingual films
1950s Tamil-language films
1950s Telugu-language films
1957 films
Films based on Aladdin
Films directed by T. R. Raghunath
Indian black-and-white films
Indian fantasy films
Indian multilingual films
Black Market Gardening is an album by the British electronica group Fila Brazillia, released on Pork Recordings in 1996.
Track listing
"Obrigado" – 3:53
"Snake Ranger" – 7:55
"Little Dipper" – 6:01
"Blubber Plinth" – 7:37
"Butter My Mask" – 9:14
"Wigs, Bifocals And Nurishment" – 8:08
"Xique-Xique" – 6:48
"Onc Mongaani" – 9:22
"July 23" – 5:14
References
1996 albums
Fila Brazillia albums
Sokourani-Missirikoro is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 88 square kilometers and includes five villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4,478. The village of Sokourani-Missirikoro, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 13 km southwest of Sikasso. The main language spoken in the commune is Senufo.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Letter to Evan is an album by American pianist David Benoit released in 1992, recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #3 on Billboard's Jazz chart.
Track listing
Personnel
David Benoit – acoustic piano (1-11), arrangements and conductor (1-11)
Peter Sprague – guitar (2, 10)
Larry Carlton – guitar (3, 4, 9, 11)
Dori Caymmi – guitar (8)
John Patitucci – bass (1, 2, 4, 6)
Steve Bailey – bass (3, 5, 8, 11)
Charnett Moffett – bass (7)
Dave Enos – bass (10)
Peter Erskine – drums (1, 2, 4, 6, 10)
Terri Lyne Carrington – drums (3, 8, 10), surdo (3, 8, 10), tambourine (3, 8, 10)
Al Foster – drums (7)
Luis Conte – percussion (5, 8)
Michael Fisher – percussion (8), pandeiro (8), whistle (8)
Jim Walker – flute (3)
James Thatcher – French horn (5)
Steve Erdody – cello (3)
Larry Corbett – cello (5)
Production
Producers – David Benoit and Jeffrey Weber
Executive Producers – Dave Grusin and Larry Rosen
Recorded and Mixed by Allen Sides
Mastered by Bernie Grundman at Bernie Grundman Mastering (Hollywood, California).
Music Coordinator – Tim Aller
Production Coordinator – Michael Pollard
Art Production – Richard Veloso
Creative Director – Andy Baltimore
Front Cover Art – Reid Philip Weimer
Graphic Design – Scott Johnson, Sonny Mediana, Andy Ruggirello and Dan Serrano.
Black and White Photography – Bill Loving
Color Photography – Dennis Keeley
Liner Notes – David Benoit
Charts
References
External links
David Benoit-Letter to Evan at Discogs
1992 albums
David Benoit (musician) albums
GRP Records albums
Robert E. Walls (born 1941) is an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the Delaware House of Representatives, representing District 33 from 2006 until 2010, when he was defeated by Republican Harold Peterman in the general election.
References
1941 births
Living people
People from Milford, Delaware
Members of the Delaware House of Representatives
Antonio Rodríguez Basulto (born 16 April 1945) is a Spanish politician and former president of La Rioja between January and May 1983.
References
Presidents of La Rioja (Spain)
1945 births
Living people
The 2007 Test Valley Borough Council election took place on the 3 May 2007. All 48 seats were up for election. 24 seats were needed for a majority, with the Conservatives increasing their majority by three seats. Both independents lost their seats, one to the Conservatives and one to the Liberal Democrats, who in turn lost a seat to the Conservatives.
Results
|-bgcolor=#F6F6F6
| colspan=2 style="text-align: right; margin-right: 1em" | Total
| style="text-align: right;" | 48
| colspan=5 |
| style="text-align: right;" | 34536
| style="text-align: right;" |
|-
Ward results
Abbey
Alamein
Ampfield and Braishfield
Amport
Anna
Blackwater
Bourne Valley
Broughton and Stockbridge
Charlton
Chilworth, Nursling and Rownhams
Cupernham
Dun Valley
Harewood
Harroway
Kings Somborne and Michelmersh
Millway
North Baddesley
Over Wallop
Penton Bellinger
Romsey Extra
St Mary's
Tadburn
Valley Park
Winton
References
2007 English local elections
May 2007 events in the United Kingdom
Test Valley Borough Council elections
2000s in Hampshire
Neuenmarkt is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
City arrangement
Neuenmarkt is arranged in the following boroughs:
References
Kulmbach (district)
Maulana Muhammad Ismail Zabeeh (1913 – 27 September 2001) was a writer, orator, historian and journalist who actively participated in the Pakistan movement (Creation of Pakistan) in 1947. He was a leader of Majlis-e-Ahrar-ul-Islam and a staunch supporter of the two nation theory.
Family origins
Zabeeh hailed from a scholarly family of Hazara. He was born to Maulana Ghulaam Yahya Hazarvi, at Gwalior, British India, in 1913. His studied under various luminaries of his time. They included two famous students of the eminent Maulana Muhammad Qasim Nanotvi.
Educational career
In his early teens, Zabeeh went to the institution headed by his father. At 13 he was studying Arabic language at the Darul Uloom of Deoband when his father recalled him to Jamia Illahiyaat, at Kanpur. He later went to study Jamia Millia at Delhi and studied under Dr. Zakir Hussain.
Efforts for the Pakistan Movement
His sagacity and journalistic talent caught the attention of Muhammad Ali Jinnah who appointed him as the head of the publicity campaign of the India Muslim league in the 1946 elections. Due to his effective and persuasive publicity campaign in favour of Muslim League candidates, they won almost all the 67 Muslim seats in Uttar Pradesh. He also campaigned for the victory of Liaquat Ali Khan, which was acknowledged by the later during his address to a large gathering at Kanpur.
Journalist career
His journalistic career started while he was in his teens, and last until his death at the age of 87. In his early teens, he remained associated with 'Bombay punch' (a humorous mag), 'Paishwa' and 'Maulvi' at Delhi, and published the monthly 'Arif'. He reported the 'Kanpur Riots' at the age of 17 in 1930. He also was publicity secretary of All India Majlis-e-Ahrar-ul-Islam in 1938. Upon arrest of its president Ameer-e-Shariyat Maulana Syed Ata Ullah Shah Bukhari, Zabeeh acted as president of All India Majlis-e-Ahrar-ul-Islam in 1939. In 1941, he started publishing the 'Qaumi Akhbar', an Urdu-language daily, which soon became the leading voice of the uprising against the Britons, in the Muslim struggle for a free homeland. In 1947, he started publishing the Urdu-language daily 'Khursheed' from Karachi, along with Mr. Raees Ahmed. In 1949, he published his first English-language daily the 'Voice of Sindh' from Hyderabad. In 1954, he published the Urdu-language daily, the 'Anjam', which later evolved to 'Mashriq' in the 1960s and for which he was a chief editor.
As a historian
Zabeeh had particular interest in the history of the Indian subcontinent and its civilization. This became evident by the well-researched books he wrote on this subject.
Works
Quran-e- Kareem ke inqilbai faisley (The revolutionary judgements of the Holy Qur'an)
Barr-e-sagheer main musalmanon ke urooj-o-zawaal ka aik aaina (A reflection of the rise and fall of the Muslims of subcontinent)
Arthshastra – Kautilya Chankiya ke ramooz-e-siyasat aur hukumraani
Islamabad – Aik Manzil-e-Muraad
Islamabad – maazi, haal aur mustaqbil (Islamabad – past, present and future)
References
1913 births
2001 deaths
20th-century Pakistani historians
Pakistani male journalists
Pakistan Movement activists
The Hull Vikings were a speedway team from Hull, England, who operated primarily from The Boulevard (stadium) and Craven Park from 1971 to 2005.
History
The team originated as the Hull Angels and were based at Hedon Stadium in Hedon on the outskirts of Hull between 1947 and mid-1949. Their inaugural league season was in the 1948 Speedway National League Division Three where they finished 9th. The team withdrew during the 1949 season and were replaced by the Swindon Robins
When speedway came back to Hull for the 1971 British League Division Two seasons, the team were known as the Vikings and raced at the Boulevard, a long track. The Boulevard was famous as the long time home of Rugby Football League team Hull FC. During the years of racing at The Boulevard, the Vikings had the dubious distinction of being the last league speedway team ever to appear at the famous West Ham Stadium, on 23 May 1972, when they beat the closing West Ham Hammers 40–38. The team raced at the Boulevard for 11 seasons and in 1978 they signed the legendary New Zealander Ivan Mauger, a five times world champion at the time. The team finished third in the league during 1978 and then finished second the following season, during the 1979 British League season. The 1979 season also saw Mauger become the world champion for a record sixth time. Promotional changes, falling crowds and financial problems eventually saw the Vikings demise after the 1981 season.
On 5 April 1995, speedway came back to Hull, this time at Craven Park, the home of the city's other rugby league team, Hull Kingston Rovers. The long speedway track ran inside the greyhound racing track.
Although the Vikings have raced in speedway's top flight, the Elite League in 1999, it was in the Premier League where they enjoyed the most success, racing to the treble in 2004. By becoming Premier League Champions, holders of the Knockout Cup and the Craven Shield, the team became the most successful sporting team in Hull's history, in terms of awards. However, just one year later, in 2005, the club was forced to close its doors due to a spate of crippling financial problems. Although potential new owners have been mooted, the team remains homeless.
The prospect of speedway returning to Hull would require a new venue to be built as The Boulevard was closed in 2009 and demolished in 2010 while Craven Park was redeveloped after the Vikings departure with the speedway track removed and the ground becoming a rectangular sports venue suited to rugby league.
Season summary
Notable riders
World Champions who rode for the Vikings in the 1970s included New Zealanders Ivan Mauger and Barry Briggs, along with Egon Müller from West Germany who rode a single season in Hull in 1976. While Mauger and Briggs had already won World Championships before joining Hull, Müller would not win the title until 1983, though like Mauger he was a World Long Track Champion having won the title in 1974 and 1975.
References
Sport in Kingston upon Hull
Defunct British speedway teams
Lucy Wallace Porter (January 23, 1876 – September 19, 1962), also known as Lucy Bryant Wallace, was an American photographer. In 1912 she married the Harvard medievalist, Arthur Kingsley Porter (1883–1933). His published works included Romanesque Sculpture of the Pilgrimage Roads and Spanish Romanesque Sculpture. He is known to have been an innovative “scholar-photographer” though later critical studies have shown that Wallace Porter was the principal photographer who accompanied him on his travels from 1919 onwards.
Kathryn Brush (University of Western Ontario, Canada) has researched Wallace Porter's contribution to her husband's work and concluded by recognising her as a major photographer in her own right. Brush writes that following their marriage, Wallace Porter went on to produce 'more than two-thirds of the photographs published in his distinguished Romanesque Sculpture of the Pilgrimage Roads.
Upon her death, her estate was bequeathed to Harvard University.
Background and education
Early life
Lucy Wallace Porter was born and raised in Ansonia, Connecticut, the daughter of Thomas Wallace and Ellen Bryant. Her father and uncle co-owned Wallace & Sons, a large factory that produced copper wires for electronics.
Education
She studied art history, music, and the sciences at Miss Porter's Young Ladies' School in Farmington, Connecticut. She then enrolled in Yale's School of Music within one of the first classes to admit women in 1895–1896.
Early career
After leaving school, Wallace Porter went through two years (1897–1899) of specialised study at the Chicago Kindergarten College, an industry that was then considered to be very modern and progressive in America. After beginning her career in New York City schools, in 1906 she resumed her studies in Columbia's Teachers College which was then 'one of America's most forward-looking institutions of its type'. During these years, she specialised in art, history, and literature.
Photographic practice
In 1912 she married the Harvard medievalist, Arthur Kingsley Porter (1883–1933). Wallace Porter does not appear to have any formal training in large-format photography. Rather, it was immediately after her wedding (when the couple sailed for Europe) when she began to experiment with the medium. During this period, Kingsley Porter taught Wallace Porter how to operate a large-format view camera equipped with glass plate negatives. Kathryn Brush (University of Western Ontario, Canada) has researched Wallace Porter's contribution to her husband's work. According to Brush, the lessons were accompanied by the manual Fotografia per i dilettanti (Photography for Amateurs) by Giovanni Muffone.
As Brush writes, 'the caliber of the "student's" photographs quickly exceeded those of her more experienced husband'. Her photography demonstrated a 'superior command of lighting, exposure, and composition', with subject matter encompassing a diverse range of church features. Kingsley Porter, noting Wallace Porter's talents, published 26 of her photographs in his volume of Lombard Architecture that was published by Yale University Press in 1915. During their travels in 1918 and 1919 in France, where Kingsley Porter was commissioned to document damaged medieval churches, Wallace Porter continued to develop her photographic acumen. Kingsley Porter even acknowledged that Wallace Porter's skills were far superior to his in a letter to his brother on May 12, 1919:
Photographs have gone better than before – Lucy runs the cameras exclusively now, and does much better with them than I ever did. She has the large camera, with 8×10 or 5×7 plates, and also a smaller one, which we can carry by hand, which takes 4×5 plates. We are able now to procure all the plates we need, so the photographs are going well. I trust that nothing breaks or gives out, for it is almost impossible to get repairs made.
Wallace Porter's contribution to her husband's publications would continue to have a significant impact on his career. Brush notes that she helped him to 'judge, compare, and envision links among sculptors and sculptures all over Europe, especially in the regions of present-day France, Spain, and Italy'. Wallace Porter was the principal photographer who accompanied him on his travels from 1919 onwards. Kingsley Porter's published works included Romanesque Sculpture of the Pilgrimage Roads (1923) and Spanish Romanesque Sculpture (1928). He is known to have been an innovative “scholar-photographer”. Brush writes that following their marriage, Wallace Porter went on to produce 'more than two-thirds of the photographs published in Romanesque Sculpture of the Pilgrimage Roads'. Brush concluded by recognising her as a major photographer in her own right.
Style
Scholars studying Porter's photographs have noted the direct, front-on view which aligned with the expectations of modern art scholars more than the perspectives of medieval viewers:
In almost all cases, Lucy Porter's photographs proclaim their modernity by representing eleventh- and twelfth-century sculpture separated from its architectural contexts [...] Lucy's post-war photography among the ruins of northern France made her well versed in this modernist practice. Despite the constraints imposed upon her, much of her work from the first half of the 1920s displayed considerable creativity and imagination. She produced a number of images that are striking in their design, artistic quality, and expressiveness, including her now "classic" photograph of the Old Testament prophet Jeremiah carved on the trumeau at Moissac.
Collections and exhibitions
Collections
In 1949 Wallace Porter donated the collection of photographs taken by the couple on their journeys to Europe to Harvard University's Fogg Art Museum. The collection is now held at Harvard's Arthur Kingsley Porter Teaching and Research Collection, Special Collections, Fine Arts Library. By the late 1970s the majority of the Porters' photographic history had been destroyed as a result of the 'deteriorating and highly flammable cellulose nitrate negatives'. Before their removal, 35 mm negatives were made at the Library. Dumbarton Oaks, Harvard's research center in Washington D.C. had also made 2000 prints of photographs featuring Byzantine objects from the original nitrate negatives.
In the late 1980s, an exchange between the Getty Museum and Harvard's visual collections also resulted in some 2000 new prints from the Porters' Collection being made for the Getty.
Photographs attributed to Wallace Porter are also to be found in the Conway Library's collection of architectural photographs at the Courtauld Institute of Art, London. This collection is currently (2020) being digitised as part of the Courtauld Connects project.
Exhibitions
An exhibition titled Camera Woman Along the Medieval Pilgrimage Roads: The Early 20th-Century Photography of Lucy Wallace Porter was held at Harvard University from August to November 2018. It described Porter as 'one of the most influential women photographers in the field of art history during the twentieth century'. The exhibition was curated by Kathryn Brush (University of Western Ontario) and Joanna Bloom (Photographic Resources Librarian, Harvard Fine Arts Library).
Death and legacy
Wallace Porter died on September 19, 1962 at Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. Upon her death, her estate was bequeathed to Harvard.
References
People from Ansonia, Connecticut
1876 births
1962 deaths
Architectural photographers
20th-century American photographers
American women photographers
Photographers from Connecticut
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
20th-century women photographers
20th-century American women artists
The 2000 NAPA 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that was held on November 20, 2000, at Atlanta Motor Speedway in Hampton, Georgia. It was originally scheduled for November 19, but was postponed due to rain and run on Monday. It was the 34th and final race of the 2000 NASCAR season.
Jerry Nadeau, driving the #25 Michael Holigan Chevrolet Monte Carlo for Hendrick Motorsports, won the race. It was his first victory in the Winston Cup Series the only victory he would record during his career.
Following the race, the Winston Cup was formally awarded to series champion Bobby Labonte, the driver of the #18 Interstate Batteries Pontiac Grand Prix for Joe Gibbs Racing. Labonte had won the Winston Cup championship the previous week by finishing 4th in the Pennzoil 400 at Homestead-Miami Speedway, and he followed that up with a 5th place finish in this race.
Background
This race was home to a series of finales. Among them:
This was the final race to be broadcast on ESPN until 2007 and the last one with its broadcast team of Bob Jenkins, Benny Parsons, and Ned Jarrett. Jenkins would remain at ESPN in his role as their lead voice for the Indy Racing League, while Parsons joined NBC Sports for their NASCAR broadcasts. Jarrett, meanwhile, retired from broadcasting after over twenty years covering events for ESPN and CBS.
This would also be the final race in the career of Darrell Waltrip, who called the 2000 season his “Victory Tour” in the #66 Kmart Ford Taurus for Haas-Carter Motorsports.
Wally Dallenbach Jr. also retired from full-time racing after the race, as he had signed to join Parsons as a booth analyst for NBC. He drove the #75 Pizza Hut /TBS (American TV channel) Ford for Galaxy Motorsports in the race.
Scott Pruett, who had joined the Cup Series for 2000 driving the #32 Tide Ford Taurus for PPI Motorsports, finished what would be his only full time season driving in NASCAR; he was released from the team after the season.
Other notes regarding drivers changing teams:
After spending the previous seven seasons as an owner-driver, Bill Elliott ran his final race in his #94 McDonald's Ford Taurus. He sold his team to Ray Evernham, who promptly signed Elliott to pilot one of his two Dodge Intrepids for 2001.
Michael Waltrip ran his last race in the #7 NationsRent Chevrolet for Ultra Motorsports. He would join Dale Earnhardt, Inc. to drive the #15 NAPA Auto Parts Chevrolet in 2001.
Robby Gordon ran his last race for Team Menard in the #13 Turtle Wax Ford, as the team shut down after the season.
Bobby Hamilton ran his last race in the #4 Kodak Chevrolet for Morgan-McClure Motorsports. He would move over to drive the #55 Square D Chevrolet for Andy Petree Racing in 2001 replacing Kenny Wallace, who would take over the #27 Eel River Racing Pontiac from Mike Bliss, whose team failed to qualify for this race.
Buckshot Jones ran his last race for his family owned team in the #00 Crown Fiber Pontiac, as he was signed by Petty Enterprises to join the team for 2001.
Kevin Lepage attempted to qualify the #16 Familyclick.com Ford for Roush Racing, but did not make the field; this would prove to be his final ride in the car and the last full-time race for the #16 until 2003.
In addition, several teams were running their last races with their current manufacturers. Below are teams that were all joining Dodge's effort in NASCAR for 2001.
Bill Davis Racing, which fielded the #22 Caterpillar Pontiac for Ward Burton, the #93 Amoco Ultimate Pontiac for Dave Blaney, and the #23 AT&T Pontiac for Scott Wimmer.
Team SABCO, which fielded the #40 Bellsouth Chevrolet for Sterling Marlin and the #01 Coors Light Chevrolet for Bobby Hamilton Jr. This was also the team's last race with Felix Sabates as sole owner.
Petty Enterprises, which fielded the #43 Cheerios Pontiac for John Andretti and saw Steve Grissom fail to qualify the #44 Hot Wheels Pontiac.
Melling Racing attempted to qualify the #9 Kodiak Ford with Stacy Compton but did not make the field.
Finally, some notable teams were also running their last races with their current sponsors:
Mark Martin's #6 Ford was running its final race with Valvoline sponsorship as the team signed on to sponsor Johnny Benson Jr.'s #10 at MB2 Motorsports. The team picked up sponsorship from Pfizer for 2001, with its Viagra brand promoted (this led to Eel River Racing losing its sponsorship).
Dale Jarrett ran his last race in the #88 with Ford Credit as his primary sponsor; he would begin running with United Parcel Service as his sponsor the next year and would carry that sponsorship for the remainder of his racing career.
John Deere ceased sponsoring the #97 Ford after the race. This left Kurt Busch, who had taken over the ride near the end of the season, sponsorless entering 2001, but he would eventually become identified with his new sponsor Newell Rubbermaid and its Sharpie line of writing implements.
In an unexpected final occurrence, Dale Earnhardt recorded the last top five finish of his racing career as he finished second to Nadeau. The reason this was unexpected was because of his death in the Daytona 500 at the beginning of the following season.
Race report
It wasn't uncommon for a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race in the 1990s to have only three to five cars on the lead lap. If someone spun, didn't hit the wall or anyone else, and could fire it up and get going, there would be no reason to wave a caution flag for multiple laps. Between 8-12 cars on the lead lap was considered to be a typical performance at a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race during the 1990s; a far cry compared to the more than 15 cars on the lead lap at short track in the current NASCAR.
Approximately 14% of the race was run under a caution flag; the average green flag run was 31 laps. Several accidents and oil spills caused eight caution periods for 44 laps. Three hundred and twenty-five laps were completed in 3 hours, 32 minutes and 32 seconds. Jerry Nadeau beat Dale Earnhardt to the finish line by 1.338 seconds to win the race (his first and only victory in Winston Cup competition). ESPN's Bob Jenkins, calling his last Winston Cup event for ESPN, called the finish thus:
As the competitors of the race completed lap 320, Dale Earnhardt finally achieved the feat of completing 10000 laps in a single NASCAR Winston Cup Series season before his death at the 2001 Daytona 500. The race was officially started shortly after 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time and finished at approximately 4:32 PM EST.
Geoff Bodine finished last due to an engine problem on lap 11. Buckshot Jones was the lowest finisher to complete the event, finishing in 37th place, 48 laps behind the lead lap drivers. Jeremy Mayfield had a winning racecar that was forced to leave the race on lap 53 due to engine problems; this performance was typical of his 2000 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season. Darrell Waltrip finishes 34th in his final Cup start and 7 laps behind Jerry Nadeau; even though it was certainly not the "victory tour" that he had planned. For the 2001 season, Waltrip would begin working as a color commentator for Fox Sports' coverage of Winston Cup racing. Waltrip's retirement also ended a rocky relationship between himself and Travis Carter Motorsports that lasted since the 1998 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season.
In the views of certain fans, the final years of Waltrip's NASCAR career had involved him taking a metaphorical back seat to Jeff Gordon; who was a rising star back then. Darrell Waltrip's career with Fox Sports commenced with the Budweiser Shootout on February 11, 2001. The following week, Waltrip provided commentary for the fateful Daytona 500 race in which the death of Dale Earnhardt occurred on that race's final lap. Thankfully, the sport has gotten much safer since Dale Earnhardt was killed behind the wheel in 2001, and drivers like Ryan Newman are still with us. The sport has become more technology-dependent in the 21st century, however, and pure driving skill has been thrown aside in favor of luck-based strategies which involves the use of the ever-advancing technology and complicated mathematics involving angles and estimating the vehicles' maximum velocity.
43 drivers, all born in the United States of America qualified for the NAPA 500, driving either Chevrolet, Ford or Pontiac cars. 13 other drivers failed to qualify, including Dick Trickle, Hut Stricklin, Morgan Shepherd and Hermie Sadler. Individual race earnings for each driver ranged from $180,550 to Jerry Nadeau ($ when adjusted for inflation) to $34,982 to last-place finisher Geoff Bodine ($ when adjusted for inflation). The total purse for the event was $2,336,442 ($ when adjusted for inflation).
Notable crew chiefs who actively participated in this race included Robin Pemberton, Jimmy Fenning, Tony Eury, Sr., Greg Zipadelli, Donnie Wingo, Larry McReynolds, Hut Stricklin, Jeff Hammond among others.
This was the last NASCAR race of the 20th century and of the 2nd millennium. While the price of gasoline and oil would remain cheap throughout the first five years of the 21st century, the constant threat of fossil fuel depletion eventually caused NASCAR to adopt electronic fuel injection as a fuel-saving measure. Concern for the environment also caught the eye of NASCAR officials during the 21st century; they would make an attempt to reduce the carbon footprint that NASCAR elevated during the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s.
The 2000 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season was when the average NASCAR fan could see some changes in the pecking order brewing. Matt Kenseth was an excellent young contender who could compete alongside Steve Park and Dale Earnhardt Junior. Fourteen different drivers would win, which was a substantial number back then.
At least five of the drivers involved in this race are no longer living as of 2020, including Blaise Alexander, Dick Trickle, Dale Earnhardt, Bobby Hamilton, and John Andretti. Only Kurt Busch still remains in the NASCAR Cup Series from this race; making him one of NASCAR's elder statesmen.
Qualifying
Top 20 finishers
Timeline
Section reference:
Start of race: Jeff Gordon started the race with the pole position.
Lap 5: Jerry Nadeau took over the lead from Jeff Gordon.
Lap 11: Geoffrey Bodine had an engine problem, making him the last-place finisher.
Lap 14: Caution due to Geoffrey Bodine's accident, ended on lap 17.
Lap 18: A problematic engine forced Elliott Sadler out of the race.
Lap 21: Caution due to oil on the track, ended on lap 26.
Lap 27: Jeremy Mayfield took over the lead from Jerry Nadeau.
Lap 37: Mandatory competition caution handed out by NASCAR officials, ended on lap 40.
Lap 38: Ward Burton took over the lead from Jeremy Mayfield.
Lap 47: Jeremy Mayfield took over the lead from Ward Burton.
Lap 53: Jeremy Mayfield had to leave the race due to a faulty engine; causing Jerry Nadeau to take over the lead.
Lap 54: Caution due to oil on the track, ended on lap 60.
Lap 55: Scott Wimmer took over the lead from Jerry Nadeau.
Lap 64: Steve Park took over the lead from Scott Wimmer.
Lap 69: Caution due to Michael Waltrip's accident, ended on lap 74.
Lap 82: Dale Earnhardt took over the lead from Steve Park.
Lap 94: Jerry Nadeau took over the lead from Dale Earnhardt.
Lap 111: Caution due to Tony Stewart's accident, ended on lap 115.
Lap 112: Kenny Wallace took over the lead from Jerry Nadeau.
Lap 113: Jerry Nadeau took over the lead from Kenny Wallace.
Lap 122: Mark Martin failed to finish the race because his engine acted up.
Lap 125: Michael Waltrip was involved in a terminal crash.
Lap 130: Caution due to Michael Waltrip's second accident, ended on lap 135.
Lap 195: Buckshot Jones was involved in a terminal crash.
Lap 196: Jerry Nadeau took over the lead from Bobby Labonte.
Lap 257: Ward Burton took over the lead from Jerry Nadeau.
Lap 297: Jerry Nadeau took over the lead from Ward Burton.
Lap 300: Mike Skinner took over the lead from Jerry Nadeau.
Lap 301: Ward Burton took over the lead from Mike Skinner.
Lap 313: Caution due to Scott Pruett spinning out of control in the backstretch, ended on lap 318.
Lap 319: Jerry Nadeau took over the lead from Ward Burton.
Finish: Jerry Nadeau was officially declared the winner of the event.
Standings after the race
References
NAPA
NAPA 500
NASCAR races at Atlanta Motor Speedway
November 2000 sports events in the United States
Redcliffe Nathan Salaman (12 September 1874 – 12 June 1955) was a British physician, pathologist, botanist and potato breeder. His landmark work was the 1949 book The History and Social Influence of the Potato, which established the history of nutrients as a new literary genre.
Early life and education
Salaman was born in Kensington, London, and was the ninth of fifteen children born to Sarah () and Myer Salaman. His father was a wealthy merchant who traded in ostrich feathers at the height of the plume trade. The Salaman family were Ashkenazi Jews, who according to Salaman, migrated to Britain from either Holland or the Rhineland in the early 18th century.
He was educated at St Paul's School, London, where he studied classics and science, and became head boy of the school's Science Side. He obtained a scholarship at Trinity Hall, Cambridge in 1893 and graduated with a first class degree in Natural Sciences in 1896, having studied physiology, zoology and chemistry. he was influenced by Michael Foster and was tutored and advised by the physiologist W. H. Gaskell, who later became a good friend of Salaman. While at Cambridge, he learned German from Solomon Schechter's wife. He moved to the London Hospital in 1896 to study medicine and remained there until he qualified in 1900. He then studied experimental pathology at Würzburg and Berlin in 1901-2 before returning to London.
Research
In 1903, Salaman was appointed Director of the Pathological Institute at the London Hospital, but in 1904 he developed tuberculosis and had to stop practising medicine and spend six months in a Swiss sanitorium. It took him over two years to fully recover from the illness. He purchased a house in Barley, Hertfordshire and, because he could not return to practising medicine, began experimenting in the emerging science of genetics under the guidance of his friend William Bateson. After several failed experiments with a range of animals and seeking advice from his gardener, Salaman decided to experiment with potatoes. Later in his career, commenting on his decision to study potatoes, Salaman noted that he had "embarked on an enterprise which, after forty years, leaves more questions unsolved than were thought at that time to exist. Whether it was mere luck, or whether the potato and I were destined for life partnership, I do not know, but from that moment my course was set, and I became ever more involved in problems associated directly or indirectly with a plant with which I had no particular affinity, gustatory or romantic".
Working in his private garden, he initially set out to cross two potato varieties and establish which traits were dominant and recessive in a similar manner to Gregor Mendel's work on peas, but he soon broadened into other areas. In 1908, he decided to include wild potatoes in his experiments and requested that Kew Gardens provide him with Solanum maglia. Kew's stocks had been incorrectly labelled, however, and Salaman was sent Solanum edinense instead. In 1909, Salaman grew 40 self-fertilised crosses of S. edinense and found that seven of them did not succumb to late blight (Phytophthora infestans). Convinced that resistance to late blight existed in wild species he began to study other species and found that Solanum demissum was also resistant to blight. Salaman started to cross S. demissum with domesticated varieties of potato in 1911 to produce high yielding lines that were also resistant to late blight. By 1914, he had successfully created hybrids and in 1926 he remarked that he had produced varieties with "reasonably good economic characteristics which, no matter what their maturity, appeared to be immune to late blight. Salaman was the first to identify genetic resistance to late blight and S. demissum was still used as a source of resistance in the 1950s. In The Propitious Esculent, John Reader called Salaman's discovery "an important breakthrough, offering real promise ... that it was possible to breed blight-resistant potato varieties". In 1987, it was thought that half of the potato varieties cultivated in Europe contained genes from S. demissum.
In 1910, he published a paper on the inheritance of colour in potato in the first issue of the Journal of Genetics. Later papers in the Journal of Agricultural Science examined male sterility, methods for estimating yields detecting viruses in seed potatoes and a study of how the size of seed tubers affected the yield and size of tubers of the crop. He wrote the book Potato Varieties in 1929.
His research on potatoes was disrupted by the outbreak of the First World War, during which Salaman joined the Royal Army Medical Corps and served in Palestine. Afterwards he was appointed chairman of the potato synonym committee at the National Institute of Agricultural Botany where he was tasked with describing potato varieties and putting an end to the common practice of marketing old and unreliable varieties under new names. His work there culminated in the publication of Potato Varieties in 1926. The same year he persuaded the Ministry of Agriculture to establish the Potato Virus Research Institute in Cambridge, of which he remained a director until 1939. Kenneth Manley Smith was an entomologist at the institute and Frederick Charles Bawden became Salaman's assistant in 1930. Smith and Bawden went on to become renowned plant virologists. In conjunction with Paul A. Murphy of Dublin. a large stock of virus-free potatoes was built up and multiplied in greenhouses, a practice which continued after his death and was adopted in other countries. His research on viruses lead to him being elected to the Royal Society in 1935.
Salaman also took an interest in eugenics with a special interest in Jews and the supposed unique genetic traits. He tried to characterize the typical Jewish face and considered that the separation of Sephardis and Ashkenazis had led to divergent characters. He published these ideas in the first volume of the newly founded Journal of Genetics. His work was critiqued by Harold Laski who called it "scientifically ludicrous" in Biometrika.
The History and Social Influence of the Potato
Salaman authored The History and Social Influence of the Potato first published in 1949, reprinted in 1970, and revised under the guidance of his former doctoral student Jack Hawkes in 1987. A review of the first edition in the British Journal of Sociology noted that it was an "unusual and vastly interesting book which took nine years to write, and a life-time to prepare" combining genetics, history and archaeology. The book covers every aspect of the history of the potato with a particular focus on Ireland, about which he wrote "in no other country can [potato's] influence on the domestic and economic life of the people be studied to greater advantage".
The historian Eric Hobsbawm referred to the work as "that magnificent monument of scholarship and humanity". A 1999 paper in Potato Research noted that because of Salaman's "unprecedented" book, we "know more about the impact of the diffusion of potato on the welfare of people, particularly the poor, than about such consequences following the introduction of any other major food plant."
Personal life
On 23 October 1901, Salaman married Hebrew scholar Nina Ruth Davis, whom he had met four months earlier at the New West End Synagogue. They were engaged ten days after meeting. After living in Berlin for several months, while Redcliffe completed advanced training in pathology, they returned to London, where he assumed the directorship of the Pathological Institute at the London Hospital. They had six children including the pathologist , the doctor Arthur Gabriel Salaman, the engineer Raphael Salaman, the artist Ruth Collet and the singer . They settled in the country, in the village of Barley in Hertfordshire, where they lived with their six children (one of whom died in childhood). Nina Salaman continued to pursue her interest in medieval Hebrew poetry. Despite Barley's distance from London, she maintained a kosher home and Sabbath observance. For the festivals, the family traveled to London, where they stayed with one of Redcliffe's siblings and attended the New West End Synagogue. She took personal responsibility for the Hebrew education of her children until they left for boarding school.
In 1925, Salaman's first wife Nina died. In 1926, he met and married Gertrude Lowy—granddaughter of Albert Löwy—who survived him.
Salaman's paternal granddaughter is Chair of Jewish Voice for Labour Jenny Manson.
References
External links
Personal papers of Salaman
Portraits of Salaman at the National Portrait Gallery
1874 births
1955 deaths
English people of Dutch-Jewish descent
English people of German-Jewish descent
English botanists
British Jewish writers
British non-fiction writers
20th-century British non-fiction writers
People from Kensington
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Burials at Willesden Jewish Cemetery
Redcliffe N. Salaman
Jewish biologists
NVT may refer to:
Norton Villiers Triumph, a defunct British motorcycle manufacturer
Network Virtual Terminal, a telecommunications concept originating in the Telnet protocol
The IATA airport code for the Ministro Victor Konder International Airport in Brazil
Another name for the canonical ensemble, where the number of particles (N) and volume (V) of the system are held constant and the temperature (T) is in equilibrium with that of its heat bath.
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu, a general and later president (1967–75) of the Republic of Vietnam
n.v.t. (neutron, velocity, time), an older term used instead of n/cm² for neutron fluence.
Bistritz may refer to:
Municipalities
The city of Bistrița, the capital city of Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Transylvania, Romania
The town Bystřice nad Pernštejnem (Bistritz ob Pernstein) in the Czech Republic
The town Bystřice pod Hostýnem (Bistritz am Hostein) in the Czech Republic
The town Bystřice (Benešov District) (Bistritz) in the Czech Republic
The municipality and village Bystřice (Frýdek-Místek District) (Bistritz) in the Czech Republic
The municipality and village Bystřice pod Lopeníkem (Bistritz unterm Lopenik) in the Czech Republic
Rivers
Bystřice River, a small Czech river (Bistritz)
Bistriţa River (Siret), river in the Romanian region of Moldavia
Bistrița River (Someș), river in the Romanian region of Transylvania
See also
Bystřice (disambiguation) (Czech)
Bystrzyca (disambiguation) (Polish)
Bystrica (disambiguation) (Slovak)
Bistrica (disambiguation) (Slovene)
Bistritsa (disambiguation) (Бистрица, Bulgarian)
Bistrița (disambiguation) (Romanian)
Beszterce (disambiguation) (Hungarian)
Feistritz (disambiguation) (Austrianised form)
Kuzeyevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Shavyadinsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 127 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Kuzeyevo is located 7 km northwest of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Staroyaksheyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Tanvi Dogra is an Indian television actress best known for portraying Falguni Purohit in Jiji Maa. She is currently portraying Neetii Juneja in Colors TV's show Parineetii.
Career
Dogra started her career by portraying Babita Sharma in Zee TV's Meri Saasu Maa in 2016.
She received recognition through Star Bharat's Jiji Maa which ran from 2017 to 2019 where she played the protagonist Falguni Purohit Rawat.
In 2019, she portrayed Kavya Singhania Mittal in the revenge thriller Ek Bhram Sarvagun Sampanna on Star Plus but quit the series midway.
From 2020 to 2021, she portrayed dual role as Swati Mishra Singh and Babli in &TV's Santoshi Maa.
Since 2022, she is portraying Neetii Juneja in Colors TV's Parineetii alongside Anchal Sahu and Ankur Verma.
Filmography
Television
Special appearances
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Actresses in Hindi television
Indian television actresses
The California Walnut Board or Walnut Marketing Board, founded in 1933, supports the California walnut industry. The organization was originally known as the Walnut Control Board, changing its name to the Walnut Marketing Board in 1962 and to the California Walnut Board in 2008. Its formation was authorized by the Agricultural Adjustment Act (AAA).
Under the AAA, the Walnut Control Board was authorized to assess crops and declare a percentage as surplus. Its 1934 assessment designating 30% of the crop as surplus met with local resistance. In 2009, responding to a request from the Board, the United States Department of Agriculture purchased $30 million of the crop, which was distributed to nutrition assistance programs.
The AAA's application to walnuts was affirmed by Federal Marketing Order 984 in 1948. The USDA and the organization date its foundation to that year. Federal regulations govern its operations. As of 2008, the Board consisted of five grower representatives, four handler representatives, and one member of the public, all serving two-year terms.
The Board continues to implement the Marketing Order. Its activities now include the promotion of walnuts in the US diet, research funding, product grading, and compilation of crop statistics. The USDA oversees its operations.
An analysis of its domestic marketing program, published in 2002, concluded that its cost-benefit ratio was favorable.
References
External links
Official website
Agricultural organizations based in the United States
Agricultural marketing organizations
Marketing boards
Edible nuts and seeds
Agricultural marketing in the United States
This is a list of shopping malls in Serbia.
Shopping malls
The list of shopping malls in Serbia with total gross leasable area (GLA) in square metres (m2):
Retail parks
The list of retail parks in Serbia with total gross leasable area (GLA) in square metres (m2):
Outlet centers
The list of outlet centers in Serbia with total gross leasable area (GLA) in square metres (m2):
See also
List of supermarket chains in Serbia
References
Serbia
Shopping malls
Kenneth Aspestrand (born 1972) is a Norwegian trick shooter with a shotgun. He has shot actively since 1999, and trains on his own private shooting range.
Merits
Current World Record holder of 9 clay targets shot in 1.88 seconds
Current World Record holder of 7 clay targets shot upside down
3rd place European Shotgun Championship
1st and 2nd place Nordic Shotgun Championship
21 Norwegian Shotgun Championship medals
References
1972 births
World record holders in shooting
Norwegian male sport shooters
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jonathan M. Johnson (born 12 July 1955) is an American former basketball player and coach. He was part of the first influx of foreign basketball players in Iceland in the late 1970s. In 1979, he set the single game scoring record in the Icelandic top-tier Úrvalsdeild karla when he scored 71 points for Fram against ÍS. In 1980, he won the Icelandic championship and the Icelandic cup as an assistant coach with Valur.
Early life
Johnson was born and grew up in Los Angeles.
Professional career
In August 1978, Johnson signed as a player-coach with Fram in the Icelandic second-tier 1. deild karla. In his debut on 23 September, he scored 55 points in Fram's 93-81 victory against Ármann in the annual pre-season Reykjavík Basketball Tournament. He led the team to the tournament finals where the team lost to Valur despite Johnson scoring 41 points. On 12 November, he scored 52 points in a victory against KFÍ.
In November 1978, Johnson was loaned to ÍS for their upcoming games against FC Barcelona in the 1978–79 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup. Although Johnson played well and scored 24 points in both games, ÍS suffered a loopsided losses.
At the season's end, Fram finished first in the league and achieved promotion to the top-tier Úrvalsdeild karla. After some uncertainty of his return due to Fram's poor financial situation, Johnson re-signed with the team for the 1979–80 season.
On 17 November 1979, Johnson set the Úrvalsdeild single game scoring record when he scored 71 points in a victory against ÍS. In the beginning of December, tension between Johnson and the team reached a breaking point with Johnson being unhappy with the lateness of his salary while the board of the team was unhappy with his temperament. In the end, Johnson left the team after playing 7 games where he averaged 35.0 points per game.
After his departure from Fram, he served as an assistant coach to Tim Dwyer of Valur where he would win the national championship and the Icelandic cup in March 1980. Alongside assisting Dwyer, Johnson was hired as a player-coach for 2. deild karla club ÍA in December 1979. Johnson re-signed with ÍA the following season and in October 1980 he was loaned to Valur for its upcoming games against Cibona Zagreb in the FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup. After scoring only 14 points in the first game between the teams, Johnson scored a game high 31 points in the second game.
In 1994, Johnson signed with 1. deild karla club Ungmennafélag Selfoss. He was released by the team after appearing in 7 games.
References
External links
Úrvalsdeild statistics at Icelandic Basketball Association
1956 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Iceland
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from California
Basketball players from Los Angeles
Úrvalsdeild karla (basketball) players
Brokedown Palace: Music from the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album for the film Brokedown Palace, released by Island Records on August 10, 1999 (see 1999 in music).
Track listing
"Silence" by Delerium featuring Sarah McLachlan
"Party's Just Begun (Again)" by Nelly Furtado, produced by Brian West
"Policeman Skank" by Audioweb
"Rock the Casbah" by Solar Twins
"Damaged" by Plumb
"Fingers" by Joi
"Contradictive" by Tricky/DJ Muggs
"Leave It Alone" by Moist
"Naxalite" by Asian Dub Foundation
"Even When I'm Sleeping" by Leonardo's Bride
"Bangkok" by Brother Sun Sister Moon
"The Wind" by PJ Harvey
"Deliver Me" by Sarah Brightman
"The Arrest/Darlene Goes Home (Score)" by David Newman
Trivia
The American Alternative band Wild Colonials were asked to record a cover version of the Grateful Dead song "Brokedown Palace" to be used in the film. It was not used due to a problem with sync rights but did appear on the bands film music compilation album Reel Life vol 1 (2000).
References
1999 soundtrack albums
Island Records soundtracks
Pop soundtracks
Rock soundtracks
Drama film soundtracks
Elizabeth Deirdre Doocey, Baroness Doocey, (née O'Keeffe; born 2 May 1948) is a British Liberal Democrat politician and businesswoman. A former chair of the London Assembly, she was created a life peer in 2010 and is now the inaugural chair of the House of Lords Finance Committee.
Personal life
Born Elizabeth Deirdre O'Keeffe in Drumcondra, Dublin, she married Jim Doocey and they have one son, Mark.
Peerage
Dee Doocey was created a life peer on 21 December 2010, as Baroness Doocey, of Hampton in the London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames and sits on the Liberal Democrat benches in the House of Lords.[2] In 2016, the House of Lords appointed her as the inaugural chair of its new Finance Committee. The Committee controls the House of Lords' internal budgets, commissioning the House's annual financial plan and monitoring expenditure. As Chair of the Committee, Baroness Doocey is a member of the House of Lords Commission, which provides high-level strategic and political direction for the House Administration. The Commission and the Finance Committee arose from recommendations of the Lords Leader's Group on Governance, of which Baroness Doocey was a member.
During the 2010-2015 Parliament, she was the Coalition Government's representative on the Criminal Justice Board. She was also a member of the Joint Committee on the Draft Modern Slavery Bill [1], which comprised members of both the House of Commons and House of Lords, and which took written and oral evidence and made recommendations in a report to both Houses. She was a member of the House of Lords Refreshment Committee 2012 to 2015. In 2012, she was a member of the Draft Enhanced Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures Bill (Joint Committee).
London politics
Doocey was a member of the London Assembly from 2004–12. She was originally elected as the fifth person on the Liberal Democrat party list, as a London-wide member of the Assembly. She was re-elected for a second term in 2008 but did not contest the 2012 election. She was chair of the London Assembly from 2010–11, and Deputy Chair from 2011–12. From 2004 to 2010 and again from 2011–12, she was chair of the Assembly's Economic Development, Culture, Sport & Tourism Committee (renamed the Economy, Culture and Sport Committee in May 2011), which was the lead Committee monitoring preparations for the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
From 2005–12, Doocey was a member of the Metropolitan Police Authority, which oversaw the Metropolitan Police. She chaired the MPA's Finance & Resources Committee from 2011 to 2012, and also chaired the MPA's Olympic & Paralympic sub-committee. She represented the Mayor of London on the Home Office Olympic Security Board from 2008–12.
Early political and business career
Prior to her election to the London Assembly, she ran a management consulting business, DD Enterprises. During the late 1970s and early 1980s, Dee Doocey was the Director of Finance at Liberal Party headquarters. She served as a Liberal councillor in the London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames from 1986 to 1994, and was chair of the council's Housing Committee. She served as election agent for Vince Cable in her home constituency of Twickenham from 1992–2015.
References
External links
biography at the site of the House of Lords
Dee Doocey biodata at Liberal Democrats' official website
1948 births
Living people
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Liberal Democrats (UK) councillors
Liberal Democrat Members of the London Assembly
Councillors in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
Liberal Democrats (UK) life peers
People from Drumcondra, Dublin
British people of Irish descent
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Women councillors in England
Roget Rocks () is a small group of rocks 4 nautical miles (7 km) southwest of Spring Point in Hughes Bay, Graham Land. Surveyed by K.V. Blaiklock of Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS).
It is named after Peter Mark Roget (1779–1869), British physician, natural theologian and lexicographer, best known as author of Thesaurus of English words and phrases (London, 1852), a work frequently consulted in connection with Antarctic place-name proposals.
References
Rock formations of Graham Land
Danco Coast
William W. Andrus (July 25, 1821August 28, 1910) was an American politician.
Early life
Andrus was born on July 25, 1821 in Middlebury, New York. In 1822, Andrus moved to Macomb County, Michigan with his father.
Career
Andrus was a physician, a surgeon, and a pharmacist. He was among the earliest physicians in Macomb County. In 1861, Andrus served as postmaster of Utica, Michigan. In 1867, Andrus severed as a delegate from Macomb County in the Michigan constitutional convention. Under President Ulysses S. Grant, Andrus served as Assessor of Internal Revenue in the 5th congressional district. In 1880, Andrus served as the treasurer of Shelby Township, Michigan.
On March 21, 1881, State Senator John T. Rich resigned to fill the vacancy left in the United States House of Representatives left by Congressman Omar D. Conger's resignation. By March 31, Andrus was nominated by the Republicans to fill the vacancy in the state senate left by Rich's resignation, and the Democrats had nominated John N. Mellen of Romeo. In April, Andrus was admitted to the state senate and sworn in. He served in this position until 1882.
In 1895, Andrus was appointed by Governor John T. Rich to the Macomb County jury commission for a term of two years.
Personal life
By October 7, 1898, Andrus' wife had died.
Death
Andrus died on August 28, 1910 in his Utica home.
References
1821 births
1910 deaths
City and town treasurers in the United States
Michigan Republicans
Michigan state senators
People from Wyoming County, New York
People from Utica, Michigan
Michigan postmasters
Internal Revenue Service people
Physicians from Michigan
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American physicians
Althofer or Althöfer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
George Althofer (1903–1993), Australian botanist, nurseryman, author, and poet
Hedda Althofer, fictional character in German television series Samt und Seide
Ingo Althöfer (born 1961), German mathematician
For the 1998–99 season, Carlisle United F.C. competed in Football League Division Three. This season for Carlisle is known for the final day of the season for when Jimmy Glass a goalkeeper signed on an emergency loan from Swindon Town FC (Due to the current goalkeeper being sold) scored on the final day of the season which kept Carlisle in the Football League.
Results & fixtures
Football League Third Division
Football League Cup
FA Cup
Football League Trophy
References
Carlisle United 1998–1999 at soccerbase.com (use drop down list to select relevant season)
11v11
Carlisle United F.C. seasons
Fiduciary Trust Company is a private wealth management firm headquartered in Boston, Mass United States. It serves high-net-worth families, individuals and nonprofits, as well as professional financial advisors and family offices. The firm provides customized wealth management, investment management, and trust and estate settlement services, as well as family office, tax, and custody services.
, Fiduciary Trust had approximately $12.2 billion in assets under supervision The firm is ranked fifth on the Boston Business Journal's 2017 list of the largest independent investment advisors in Massachusetts. Fiduciary Trust Company is not affiliated with the similarly named Fiduciary Trust Company International, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Franklin Templeton Investments.
History
Fiduciary Trust Company was founded in 1885 as a family office, and incorporated as a trust bank in 1928 by Robert H. Gardiner.
By 2017, the firm's parent company, Fiduciary Company, Inc. (FCI), was an independent firm owned by current and former employees, directors and clients. FCI and Fiduciary Trust Company have identical boards of directors. In 2014, the company established the affiliated Fiduciary Trust Company of New England, based in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Fiduciary Trust Company is headquartered in the Fiduciary Trust Building, at 175 Federal Street, Boston, Massachusetts.
Management
Austin V. Shapard has been President and CEO of Fiduciary Trust since 2014. He is the eighth president of the company. His predecessors include: Douglas Smith-Peterson, Daniel Phillips, Gilman Nichols, Edward Osgood, and Robert Gardiner.
References
External links
Financial services companies of the United States
Companies based in Boston
1985 establishments in the United States
1985 establishments in Massachusetts
American companies established in 1985
Financial services companies established in 1985
Companies established in 1985
Jacques Brown (first name pronounced "Jakes") (23 August 1900 – 3 April 1975) was a British radio producer. He produced Much-Binding-in-the-Marsh, The Goon Show, Beyond Our Ken and others for BBC Radio.
He was born Solomon Jacob Brown in Toxteth Park, Liverpool. A trumpet player in his youth, he had many stories to tell of being a jobbing musician in London in the 1920s. He performed in a number of minor acting roles before becoming a producer.
After retiring from the BBC to nurse his wife, who was seriously ill with cancer from which she later died, he helped his brother-in-law with his cake decorating business until his death, and the business folded after the postal workers strike of 1971.
He retired to Hampshire where he lived with an old friend, Mrs. W. I. Dismore, herself a widow, until his death, caused by complications after a car accident, on 3 April 1975.
Filmography
References
1900 births
1975 deaths
British television producers
Broadcast mass media people from Liverpool
John Wall Callcott (20 November 1766 – 15 May 1821) was an eminent English composer.
Callcott was born in Kensington, London. He was a pupil of Haydn, and is celebrated mainly for his glee compositions and catches. In the best known of his catches he ridiculed Sir John Hawkins' History of Music. Although ill-health prevented Callcott from completing his Musical Dictionary, His Musical Grammar (1806) remained in use throughout the 19th century.
His glees number at least 100, of which 8 won prizes. Callcott set lyrics by leading poets of his day, including Thomas Gray, Sir Walter Scott, Thomas Chatterton, Robert Southey and Ossian. They include (selective list):
O snatch me swift for 5 voices SATBarB
It was a friar of orders greys for 3 voices SSB
In the lonely vale of streams for 4 voices SATB
Ella for 4 voices SATB
Cara, vale! for 4 voices SSTB
Father of Heroes (1792) for 5 voices ATTBB
The Erl-King - a setting of Goethe's Erlkönig translated into English by Matthew Lewis, author of the Gothic novel, The Monk,
the original setting (as a three part glee) of Drink to me only with thine eyes
A number of his glees specify two soprano or treble (boy soprano) voices, the second of which has a range appropriate to a female mezzo-soprano or contralto (but would have been thought too high for a counter-tenor of this period).
Callcott also composed solo songs and religious music including psalms and sacred canons.
Callcott's daughter Elizabeth married William Horsley who, in 1824, published A collection of Glees Canons and Catches, an edition of his father-in-law's works together with a Memoir of Dr Callcott. His son William Hutchins Callcott became a composer and arranger.
His brother Augustus Wall Callcott was a noted landscape painter.
Bibliography
Sketches of (the English) Glee Composers by David Baptie. William Reeves: London, 1896
External links
1766 births
1821 deaths
English classical composers
Glee composers
People from Kensington
Pupils of Joseph Haydn
Marie of Valois (1309 – 23 October 1331), was the eldest daughter of Charles of Valois by his third wife Mahaut of Châtillon. She was a member of the House of Valois. One of her five children was Queen Joanna I of Naples.
Life
Marie married Charles, Duke of Calabria, in 1323 when she was only fourteen years of age. Charles married her after the death of his first wife, Catherine of Habsburg, who had died without bearing Charles any children. Marie earned the gratitude of the genteel women in Florence when she persuaded her husband to allow them to wear what they could afford.
Charles and Marie had five children:
Eloisa (b. January or February 1325 – d. December 27, 1325).
Maria (b. April 1326 – d. 1328).
Charles Martel (b. Florence, April 13, 1327 – d. Florence, April 21, 1327).
Joanna (b. Naples, March 1328 – d. castello di San Fele, May 22, 1382), Queen of Naples after succeeding her grandfather.
Maria (b. Naples, May 1329 – d. Naples, May 20, 1366), Countess of Alba.
Her eldest surviving daughter, Joanna, became Queen of Naples. Her youngest daughter, Maria, born six months after Charles' death, became the Countess of Alba.
Marie's husband died in 1328 and she never remarried. She died in 1331 at the age of 22, during a pilgrimage to Bari. Her mother and two sisters outlived her.
Ancestors
Notes
References
1309 births
1332 deaths
House of Valois
French princesses
Duchesses of Calabria
14th-century French people
14th-century French women
Joanna I of Naples
College Avenue Historic District may refer to:
College Avenue Historic District (Appleton, Wisconsin)
College Avenue Historic District (Waukesha, Wisconsin), listed on the NRHP in Waukesha County, Wisconsin
College Avenue Historic District (Topeka, Kansas), listed on the NRHP in Shawnee County, Kansas
Ashburn Heights-Hudson-College Avenue Historic District, Ashburn, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Turner County, Georgia
Franklin Street-College Avenue Residential Historic District, Hartwell, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Hart County, Georgia
West College Avenue Historic District, Hartsville, South Carolina
See also
College Avenue (disambiguation)
A ceiling is the upper surface of a room.
Ceiling may also refer to:
Ceiling function in mathematics
Glass ceiling, a barrier to advancement of a qualified person
Ceiling (aeronautics), the maximum density altitude an aircraft can reach under a set of conditions
Price ceiling, an imposed limit on the price of a product
Ceiling (cloud), the height above ground at which (accumulated) cloud layers cover more than 50% of the sky
Ceilings (album), an album by Dentist
"The Ceiling" (short story), a 2001 short story by American writer Kevin Brockmeier
The Ceiling (album), a 2019 album by Jaws
Katto, also known as The Ceiling, a short film that competed in the Short Film Palme d'Or group at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival
See also
Ceiling effect (disambiguation)
The Urge is the third solo album released by bassist Stuart Hamm, released in 1991. It was the first of Hamm's solo albums to feature vocals, and included guest appearances by guitarist Eric Johnson and Tommy Lee of Mötley Crüe. The song "Quahogs Anyone?" was recorded live at Santa Barbara on September 27, 1990.
Hamm's signature Fender bass guitar was also called "The Urge", and was followed by "The Urge II".
Track listing
"Welcome to My World" – 1:36
"The Hammer" – 4:53
"Who Do You Want Me to Be Today?" – 6:07
"If You're Scared, Stay Home!" – 5:32
"Our Dreams" – 6:05
"Lone Star" – 7:24
"Quahogs Anyone? (119, 120 Whatever It Takes)" – 6:12
"The Urge" – 7:09
"As Children" – 6:01
Personnel
Stuart Hamm - Bass guitar, Piccolo Bass, Vocals, Background Vocals and Keyboards
Eric Johnson - Electric Guitar on "Our Dreams and "Lone Star"
Harry K. Cody - Electric Guitar
Buzzy Feiten - Electric Guitar and Additional Vocals
Dawayne Bailey - Electric Guitar
Steve Recker - Electric Guitar
Micajah Ryan - Acoustic Guitar on "Our Dreams", Background Vocals, Mixing, Engineering
Jonathan Mover - Drums and Additional Vocals
Steve Smith - Drums
Tommy Mars - Background Vocals
Steve Madero Horns - Background Vocals, Additional Vocals
Tommy Lee - Additional Vocals
Tanya Papanicolas - Whisper
Shawn Berman - Vocals, Samples, Engineering Assistance
Bob Arkin - Additional Vocals
Bruce Hamm - Additional Vocals
Emily Ryan - Additional Vocals
Dan Goldberg - Additional Vocals
Jorge Bermudez - Additional Vocals, Percussion
Chris Hamm - Vocal Chant
Greg Fulginiti - Mastering
Lori Stoll - Cover Photography
Mark Leiloha - Live Photography
David Bett - Art Direction
Stuart Hamm - Producer
References
Stuart Hamm albums
1991 albums
Harald Udo von Riedl (born 1936) is an Austrian botanist and mycologist. A species in the Borrage family, Heliotropium riedlii, is named in his honour. His published work is as "Harald Riedl".
Abbreviation
References
Austrian mycologists
1936 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Date of birth missing (living people)
Kimberley Sherri Knowles (born October 7, 1970) is an Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. She is a former magistrate judge of the same court.
Education and career
Knowles earned her Bachelor of Arts from Cornell University in 1992, and her J.D. from Howard University School of Law in 1996.
After law school, Knowles clerked for then D.C. Superior Court judge Eric T. Washington. She then went on to work in the U.S. Attorney's Office in the District of Columbia. In 2004, she became the Deputy Chief of the office's Sex Offense/Domestic Violence Section.
D.C. Superior Court
On May 10, 2010, Superior Court of the District of Columbia chief judge Lee F. Satterfield appointed Knowles as a magistrate judge on the court.
President Barack Obama nominated Knowles on June 11, 2012, to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia to the seat vacated by Zinora M. Mitchell. On July 20, 2012, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on her nomination. On August 2, 2012, the Committee reported her nomination favorably to the senate floor and later that day, the full Senate confirmed her nomination by voice vote. She was sworn in on November 9, 2012.
Personal life
Knowles was born and raised in Bronx, New York with 2 older brothers, Alex Knowles (1966-Present) and Nigel Knowles (1968-Present). She moved to Washington D.C. to attend law school and has remained there since. She is the adoptive parent of one son, Cameron (Garvin) James Knowles.
References
1970 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
21st-century American women
21st-century women judges
African-American judges
American women judges
Cornell University alumni
Howard University School of Law alumni
Judges of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
People from the Bronx
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
The 1932 Colorado gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1932. Democratic nominee Edwin C. Johnson defeated Republican nominee James D. Parriott with 57.23% of the vote.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on September 13, 1932.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Edwin C. Johnson, incumbent Lieutenant Governor
E. V. Holland, Judge of the Colorado District Court
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
James D. Parriott, attorney
Warren F. Bleecker, state representative
Results
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Edwin C. Johnson, Democratic
James D. Parriott, Republican
Other candidates
Morton Alexander, Socialist
William Penn Collins, Farmer–Labor
William R. Dietrich, Communist
Results
References
1932
Colorado
Gubernatorial
My Teacher Is an Alien is a four-book science fiction children's book series authored by Bruce Coville. The titles include:
My Teacher Is an Alien (1989)
My Teacher Fried My Brains (1991)
My Teacher Glows in the Dark (1991)
My Teacher Flunked the Planet (1992)
Plot summary
My Teacher Is an Alien
The plot is about three children, Peter Thompson, who is called a nerd, Susan Simmons, the protagonist, and school bully Duncan Dougal. Susan eventually discovers that Mr. Smith, their teacher, is actually an orange-eyed green alien named Broxholm, who seems to be planning to abduct five students from his class to take back with him. She calls Peter for help, and later Duncan. They later discover that Broxholm's motives are much more complex. Susan had earlier discovered that Broxholm hated music and especially her piccolo. At the end, the heroes publicly reveal Mr. Smith to be Broxholm by having the whole school band start to play "Stars and Stripes Forever" by John Philip Sousa in the auditorium. Broxholm then makes an escape with Peter.
My Teacher Fried My Brains
Three months later, in My Teacher Fried My Brains, former bully Duncan Dougal discovers an alien's human disguise in the form of a human skin-like glove in a dumpster, which leads him to believe that there is still another alien posing as someone else at the school. While investigating, Duncan participates in an in-class demonstration of static electricity that he comes to believe has made him more intelligent. Since he believes this machine is making him more intelligent, he sneaks into his science classroom after school hours to use it. He gradually becomes a much more thoughtful and considerate person. One day when he is using the machine he discovers an alien creature “Poot” in the classroom refrigerator, which makes him even more suspicious of his science teacher.
One day after school when Duncan was having a terrible day, he goes into his home economics teacher Miss Betty Lou Karpou's classroom to seek advice. During this conversation, Miss Karpou is revealed to be the alien and identifies herself as Kreeblim. She freezes Duncan's body and uses his brain as a means of communication among other aliens in the galaxy who are trying to decide what they want to do with humans. Susan, the hero of the previous story, tries to save Duncan when Kreeblim is out of her house, however the two of them do not get out of the house in time.
At the end of the book, Peter (with enhanced eyesight and no need of glasses) and Broxholm return, and Duncan and Susan decide to help Peter prove to the Interplanetary Council, the ruling aliens of the galaxy, that the human race is worth saving.
My Teacher Glows in the Dark
Peter explains to Duncan and Susan what happened to him in the last few months, in My Teacher Glows in the Dark.
The story begins in Kennituck Falls, as Peter and Broxholm evade those who are trying to capture the alien, quickly reaching Broxholm's ship and leaving the Earth. They swiftly travel to the far side of the Moon and rendezvous with the starship New Jersey (so named because the ship is the same size as New Jersey). Once on board, Peter is subjected to some rather unsettling albeit benign boarding procedures and finds himself in a truly alien world, on a starship crewed by aliens from various worlds throughout the galaxy. Peter is introduced to the alien Hoo-Lan who undertakes to serve as Peter's teacher to introduce Peter to the intergalactic society he has joined. Hoo-Lan can glow in the dark, giving the book its title, although this doesn't become a plot point (making this the only book in the series where the title isn't a plot point).
Peter quickly learns that the galaxy is stranger than he had previously believed, and also discovers that the assembled alien races think humanity is uncivilized and dangerous, and that humanity is close to discovering the secret of interstellar space flight, greatly worrying the aliens about the damage that humans could do if they discover interstellar travel while still warlike. This has led the aliens to study Earth to find out why we are the way we are, and divided the aliens into factions that variously believe Earth should be left alone, conquered, quarantined, or destroyed.
Peter agrees to have his brain examined, in an effort to determine if humanity's behavior is due to a biological condition. After much study, the aliens discover that Peter is latently and naturally telepathic, which is apparently quite rare in the galaxy. Unfortunately, while attempting to study this further, Hoo-Lan falls into a coma, which the aliens suspect is Peter's doing. Oddly, they are made even more suspicious when, despite having given Peter free rein of the ship, he goes to a communications room and contacts Duncan to try to warn Earth of the aliens' plans.
The book ends with the aliens agreeing to give Peter and Broxholm one last chance to find some redeeming characteristic of humanity that would save it, apparently having decided that otherwise they will destroy the Earth. Peter and Broxholm return to Earth, setting up their appearance at the end of My Teacher Fried my Brains.
My Teacher Flunked the Planet
Peter, Susan and Duncan end up together again with Kreeblim and Broxholm for My Teacher Flunked the Planet, as they decide to join their forces to defend Earth in front of the interplanetary council. After numerous discussions, with Hoo-Lan's help they make the case that humanity needs to largely be left alone to develop independently, while Peter also asks that the council send Earth alien teachers to help them learn and grow, so that Earth can seek the council's approval when it is ready.
Computer game
A computer game based on the series was produced by 7th Level and Byron Preiss Multimedia Company. Players can take the perspective of the three main children in the series, Peter Thompson, Duncan Dougal or Susan Simmons.
References
1989 novels
1980s science fiction novels
Science fiction book series
Children's science fiction novels
Novels about extraterrestrial life
Literary tetralogies
Novels by Bruce Coville
This List of William Penn Charter School people catalogs notable alumni of William Penn Charter School, a private school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Chris Albright, OPC '97, professional soccer player
Rubén Amaro, Jr., OPC '83, baseball player, general manager Philadelphia Phillies, and coach Boston Red Sox and New York Mets
Steven Balbus, OPC '71, Savilian Professor of Astronomy, University of Oxford
Donald Barnhouse, OPC '39, American Christian preacher, pastor, radio pioneer
David Berkoff, OPC '84, Olympic medalist in swimming
Raynal Bolling, OPC '96 (1896), first high-ranking U.S. officer to be killed in combat in World War I
Henry Joel Cadbury, OPC '99 (1899), Quaker scholar, teacher, Harvard Divinity chair 1934–54
Bobby Convey, '98 (did not graduate), professional soccer player
Charles Gwynne Douglas, III, OPC '60, former Supreme Court Justice from the state of New Hampshire, former US Congressman
Pierre S. du Pont OPC 1886, industrialist, philanthropist, DuPont Corporation director, one-time Chairman of General Motors.
J. Presper Eckert, OPC '37, University of Pennsylvania researcher, computer pioneer, co-creator of the world's first electronic computer, ENIAC
Richard B Fisher, OPC '53, chairman emeritus of Morgan Stanley
Mark Gubicza, OPC '81, former professional baseball pitcher
Adam F. Goldberg, OPC '94, television and film writer, created The Goldbergs and Schooled, both of which take place partially or fully at William Penn Academy, which is a fictionalized version of William Penn Charter School.
Bill Green IV, OPC '83, former chairman of the Philadelphia School Reform Commission and former Philadelphia City Council member at-large
Crawford Greenewalt, OPC '18, chemist, head of DuPont Corp. '48–'67, developed Nylon fabrics.
John Grotzinger, OPC '75, geologist, professor Co-investigator on the Mars 2020 Rover.
George Hauptfuhrer, OPC '44, third overall selection in the 1948 BAA Draft
Howard Head, OPC '32, founder of Head Ski Company & Prince Manufacturing Inc. 1914–1991
Joseph M. Hoeffel, OPC '68, Pennsylvania 13th District Congressman
Peter Johnson, OPC '68, CEO of IMG, Sports and Entertainment
John B. Kelly Jr., OPC '45, Olympic medalist and former president of the U.S. Olympic committee, brother of Grace Kelly
Leicester Bodine Holland, architect and archaeologist
Kenny Koplove, OPC '12, professional baseball pitcher
Rob Kurz, OPC '04, NBA player
David Leebron, OPC '73, president of Rice University in Houston, Texas
Richard Lester, director
Douglas Macgregor PhD., American senior military officer and author.
Mike McGlinchey (offensive lineman), OPC '13, offensive tackle for the San Francisco 49ers
Jack Meyer, OPC '50, former pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies
David Montgomery, OPC '64, President of the Philadelphia Phillies
David W. Oxtoby, OPC '68, President of Pomona College and professor of chemistry
Endicott Peabody, former Governor of Massachusetts, member of the College Football Hall of Fame (defense for Harvard).
Robert Picardo, OPC '71, The Doctor on Star Trek: Voyager
William T. Read, lawyer, President of the New Jersey Senate, Treasurer of New Jersey
Tony Resch, OPC '81, former professional lacrosse player, current coach, and NLL Hall of Fame inductee
Grover C. Richman, Jr., U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey (1951–53) and New Jersey Attorney General (1954–58)
David Riesman, OPC '26, former Harvard University sociology professor, lawyer, author of sociology classic "The Lonely Crowd"
Matt Ryan, OPC '03, quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons
Vic Seixas, OPC '41, former professional tennis player, won Wimbledon in 1953 and the US Open in 1954.
Sean Singletary, OPC '04, professional basketball player
David Sirota, OPC '94, author, journalist, and political strategist
J.C. Spink OPC 1990, Manager and Producer, Principal at Benderspink.
J. David Stern, OPC 1902, Publisher of The Philadelphia Record (1928–47) and other newspapers
Frederick F. Woerner, Jr., OPC '51, former Commander-in-Chief, United States Southern Command (1987–89)
Jesse Watters (did not graduate), Watters World, Fox News
Daryl Worley, OPC '13, professional football player
Brendan Cellucci, OPC '17, professional baseball player
Michael Siani, OPC '18, professional baseball player
Sam Siani, OPC '19, professional baseball player
References
Lists of American people by school affiliation
Emmy La Grua (also Emma, Emmi or Emilia) (born 15 May 1831 in Palermo; died after 1869) was a 19th-century Italian opera singer (soprano) who performed successfully internationally.
Biography
Emmy La Grua was the daughter of the royal Saxon chamber musician Friederike Funk and the Italian tenorist Luigi La Grua. In 1837, she moved with her mother to Dresden. She received singing lessons from her mother as well as from Pauline Viardot-García and Caroline Ungher-Sabatier in Paris.
In December 1850, Emmy La Grua made her debut in Dresden as Alice in "Robert the Devil" by Giacomo Meyerbeer. Other roles included Donna Anna from Mozart's "Don Giovanni" and Rosine in The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini. In the following years Emmy La Grua made guest appearances at the Paris Opera, from October 1853 as prima donna at the Vienna Court Opera, from 1854 in Turin and as well as further guest appearances in Vienna, Dresden and Lyon. In 1855, together with Cavaliere Antonio Porto, she undertook a two-year concert tour (with high fees) to Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires. Afterwards she gave performances again in Paris, Vienna as well as Pest (today Budapest), in Saint Petersburg, Berlin and Munich. In the meantime she lived again in Dresden in 1859. In 1862 the singer gave guest performances in Barcelona, in 1864 in London and in 1865 in Italy and Spain.
In 1867 she married in Palermo the colonel respectively general Giacinto Carini (1821–1880), an aide-de-camp of Giuseppe Garibaldi, and retired from the public sphere.
References
Italian operatic sopranos
1831 births
Year of death unknown
Haywood Academy is a secondary school with academy status for 11- to 19-year-olds located on High Lane in to Stoke On Trent town of Burslem, England. The Sixth Form is located in the Old Town Hall in Burslem, 1 mile from the main site. It was formerly known as Haywood Engineering College, and changed its name in July 2013 to reflect its Academy status. Haywood Academy is a member of the Schools Cooperative Society and is a cooperative school, governed by local people for the benefit of local young people. Its innovative sixth form provision has been highly regarded by the DFE as best practice.
History
It was formerly known as Stanfield Technical High School, then as Haywood High School, followed by Haywood Engineering College and currently Haywood Academy.
Alumni
Stanfield Technical High School
Michael Colclough, Bishop of Kensington from 1996-2008
Haywood High School
Usman Khan, Islamic terrorist and perpetrator of the 2019 London Bridge stabbing
References
External links
History of former school#
Secondary schools in Stoke-on-Trent
Academies in Stoke-on-Trent
The CZ 807 is a Czech modular dual-calibre assault rifle originally developed by Česká zbrojovka Uherský Brod for the Indian Armed Forces. The modular design of rifle allows operators to quickly change calibre of weapon to either 5.56×45 mm or 7.62×39 mm. The rifle was announced by the company in 2013 at an event in Liberec. However, in June 2015, the Indian tender was scrapped.
Description
The CZ 807 is derived from the CZ 805 BREN series of rifles. The basic characteristics of the rifle are that it is a piston operated, gas-driven select-fire rifle of dual calibres. The ambidextrous charging handle is easy to change sides on. It has a modular design, with an aluminium alloy upper receiver and polymer lower receiver/fire control group. The bolt is a multi-lug type riding in a bolt carrier, locking into a barrel extension. The system is balanced well, and designed to meet the most rigorous requirements.
The materials used are fire-resistant, impact-resistant, and damage-resistant. The controls are accessible from both sides. Other characteristics include folding telescopic stock and interchangeable backstraps in three sizes.
Calibre Conversion
Changing calibre of CZ 807 assault rifle is simple: the barrel assembly, bolt and firing pin, and the magazine are changed out in a field safe operation at the unit level. The trigger group of the CZ 807 has a magazine well that is for the 7.62×39 mm magazines. To convert to 5.56×45 mm, the only item needed for the lower (Trigger group) is the magazine well insert.
Variants
The CZ 807 is available in two calibers:
7.62×39mm CZ 807 Assault Rifle
Barrel Length: 408mm
Bore grooves: 4
Rifling Twist: RH 240:1mm
Overall length: 833–927 mm
Width: 78/102 mm
Frame: Light alloy
Rate of Fire (appr): 810 rpm
Effective range: 350 metres
Magazine capacity: 30 round
Rifle weight (no mag): 3.15 kg
5.56×45mm NATO CZ 807 Assault Rifle
Barrel Length: 408mm
Bore grooves: 6
Rifling Twist: RH 178:1mm
Length of rifle: 904mm (W stock extended), 857mm (W stock retracted), 692mm (W stock folded)
Rate of Fire (appr): 810 rpm
Effective range: 450 metres
Magazine capacity: 30 round
Rifle weight (no mag): 3.41 kg
Users
: 7.62x39mm variant used by GIGN
: Used by Various State Police STF's
: Used by Ukrainian military
: Paratroopers and presidential guard
Potential users
: CZ 807 was one of the three finalists in the Pakistan Army competition to replace Heckler & Koch G3 and Type 56 rifles. In November 2016, Ceska Zbrojovka and Pakistan Ordnance Factories signed a Letter of Understanding (LoU) to "intensively negotiate a delivery of complete technology for the production of small arms to Pakistan Ordnance Factories, POF. Mutual interest refers to gradual launching of production in Pakistan, ranging from light assembly to maximum localization of production. Within this cooperation, transfer of technology as well as technical support including technical training of the personnel for Pakistan Ordnance Factories is expected."
In March 2017, during a marketing demonstration to local law-enforcement agencies in Quetta, Balochistan, a Česká zbrojovka official stated that: "Recently we have signed a letter-of-understanding with POF, and we are ready to transfer, the full transfer (sic) of modern technology from CZ to Pakistan, to POF, so we can produce the most modern and most advanced assault rifles in the world at POF." CZ 807 assault rifles, Scorpion Evo 3 sub-machine guns, and P-series pistols were showcased at the event which was also attended by Pakistan Army officials.
And the Ghana Police Service since 2020
See also
CZ 805 BREN
References
External links
CZ official web site
Pakistan's Service Rifle (G-3, Type-56) Replacement Competition 2016.
7.62×39mm assault rifles
Pål Thowsen (born 15 July 1955) is a Norwegian jazz drummer. He has released several solo albums and received two Spellemannprisen awards.
Career
Thowsen was born in Lillestrøm, and started his career in the early 1970s as a musician in Arild Andersen's quartet, finding international success throughout the decade. At the same time he was a member of the jazz rock band Moose Loose. In 1973 he collaborated for the first time with jazz guitarist Jon Eberson, a collaboration that has lasted throughout his career in various groups, and has recorded about ten albums with Ketil Bjørnstad. Other musicians he has worked with include Radka Toneff, Terje Rypdal, Palle Mikkelborg, Odd Riisnæs and Dag Arnesen and a member of the Jazzpunkensemblet, the Net, Halle / Eberson / Thowsen / Kjellemyr, Ole Paus and Finn Kalvik, Sinikka Langeland and Metropolitan.
Thowsen, along with Jon Christensen, won the 1977 Spellmanprisen for jazz album for the album No Time for Time, and the 1979 Spellmanprisen for jazz album for his album Surprise.
Selected discography
No Time for Time (1976) (with Jon Christensen)
Surprise (1979)
Carnival (1981)
Sympathy (1983)
Call Me Stranger (1986) (with Tor Endresen)
Life Goes On (1988) (with Tor Endresen)
Collection (1992)
...The Rest Is Rumors (2002)
References
External links
Biography from the Norwegian Jazz Archives
1955 births
Living people
Norwegian jazz composers
20th-century Norwegian drummers
21st-century Norwegian drummers
Norwegian jazz drummers
Male drummers
Norwegian percussionists
People from Skedsmo
Musicians from Lillestrøm
Spellemannprisen winners
Taurus Records artists
20th-century drummers
Male jazz composers
20th-century Norwegian male musicians
21st-century Norwegian male musicians
Jazzpunkensemblet members
Arkansas Radio Network (ARN) was a statewide radio network serving radio stations in the state of Arkansas. ARN was headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas operating from its flagship station KARN-FM and ended its existence under the ownership of Cumulus Media.
History
ARN began their broadcasting activities in 1967 and for 55 years provided affiliates in Arkansas top news headlines, agriculture business news, sports, and specialty programming.
The Network started as the Delta Farm Network, an early morning program by KARK Farm Director Bob Buice, who also appeared on KARK-TV. Known for his velvet-like voice, he also did a weekend program on the Network for many years called Uncle Bob's Stories from the Bible.
The network later expanded to include the AP&L (Arkansas Power and Light, later Entergy) Live Better Electrically Hour, a program of music played in the late morning and broadcast over KARK-FM's signal. Ted Snider purchased KARK AM-FM from Mullins Broadcasting and founded the Arkansas Radio Network with newscasts provided by KARK-TV Newscasters (Don Corbett and Les Bolton) and Sportscaster Jim Elder. KARK was distributed by KARK-FM or by relays through other FM stations (KNBY-FM in Newport to KRLW-Walnut Ridge as an example).
ARN's growth came in the early 1980s, when distribution moved to satellite, although the number of affiliates had been growing into the 1970s. ARN was a staple across the state in the 1980s and 1990s, with the newscast broadcast at :55 minutes past each hour. Bob Buice was succeeded as Ag Director by John Philpot, and later by Stewert Doan.
In mid-February 2022, Cumulus Media (which acquired ARN through its 2011 acquisition of Citadel Broadcasting) informed ARN's eighteen remaining affiliates that it planned to suspend the network's operations effective March 20.
See also
KARN-FM
References
External links
American radio networks
Mass media in Arkansas
Cumulus Media radio stations
Salasel Castle, () is a world heritage site, a part of Shushtar Historical Hydraulic System, located in the island city Shushtar, Khouzestan, Iran from the achaemenid era. Salasel Castle was registered on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites in 2009 and is Iran's 10th cultural heritage site to be registered on the United Nations' list together with the 12 other historical bridges, dams, canals, and buildings as Shushtar Historical Hydraulic System.
References
World Heritage Sites in Iran
Protected areas of Iran
Castles in Iran
Achaemenid castles
Vatia is a village on Tutuila Island in American Samoa. It is a north shore village located on Vatia Bay. The road to Vatia, American Samoa Highway 006, is the only road going through National Park of American Samoa. Vatia is a scenic community at the foot of Pola Ridge and surrounded by the national park. It is only reached by Route 6 which traverses the national park before reaching Vatia. There was once a hiking trail over Maugaloa Ridge from Leloaloa, but since the completion of Route 6, this trail is now overgrown. It is home to a beach, and panoramic views of jungle-covered peaks surround the village on all sides. Vatia is the center of the Tutuila-section of National Park of American Samoa. It is located in Vaifanua County.
Vatia is home to several concrete bunkers from World War II located on and around the beach. The scenic road between Vatia and Afono is lined with gardens of ornamental plants and flowers. At the end of the road in Vatia is the school, and beyond the school begins a trail leading into the national park. It ends at a rocky cliff which points across Vai'ava Strait to Pola Island. Many Vatians work at the canneries in Pago Pago, and there is good public transportation to and from Pago Pago. Aiga buses from Fagatogo head to Vatia several times per day on weekdays. The village of Vatia can also be visited by hiking Mount ‘Alava.
Vatia is one of the oldest settlements on Tutuila Island and it has historically been regarded as the principal place of eastern Tutuila. Vatia dwells around Vatia Bay which is protected and surrounded by green forested mountains and rich coastal reefs on its seafront.
Vatia Bay has been described as Tutuila Island's most scenic area. A steep ridge curves around the village's west side and leads to Pola Island, which has been claimed to be the most photographed site on Tutuila Island. Pola Island is the most popular attraction in the village.
Etymology
Vatia literally translates to “between the tombs of those with paramount status.”
History
Vatia is one of the oldest villages on Tutuila Island. The original Vatians lived on a narrow ridge known as Toafaiga as far back as the 18th century. In the 1980s, archeologists from the National Park Service documented the findings of remnants of different architectural structures and house foundations on the ridge. One archeological finding was that of a house foundation which was constructed of coral slaps. This may have been a ceremonial center, temple, or a meeting house for the village.
Remains found in Old Vatia have been dated to between 1300 AD to 1750 AD. The historic house platforms are raised on small earthen mounds and ringed with basalt boulders. Old Vatia has provided archeological remains with well-preserved archeological features, which, according to the National Park Service, “help interpret the history and prehistory of the Polynesian Samoans.” As it is located within the National Park of American Samoa, forest clearance is restricted, leaving Old Vatia surrounded by dense vegetation. On November 2, 2006, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (AS-24-002).
Old Vatia is located on Faiga Ridge, above and southwest of Vatia. The site was first re-discovered in 1963 by William K. Kikuchi, but it was not investigated until the 1980s. It was first recorded by the Eastern Tutuila Archeology Project, which noted that Old Vatia is “probably the largest ridgetop site in American Samoa.”
Apollo 11 returned to Earth in 1969 in the waters nearby Vatia. A copy of the American Samoan flag, which was brought to the moon by Apollo 11, is on display at the Jean P. Haydon Museum in Pago Pago.
Geography
Vatia is located on an edge of the wide, coral-fringed Vatia Bay. Vatia's location on the northern coast separates the village from the more populated places on the island. It is around ten miles northeast of Pago Pago. A drive through the village takes you through green forested mountains, lush rainforests, and the Pacific coast. A site along the road into Vatia is the Pola Scenic Point, which overlooks Pola Island and Vai'ava Strait National Natural Landmark. Vatia is separated from the south shore villages by mountain ridges and steep valleys. Years ago, hiking through the mountains and valleys on narrow pathways was the only way to reach or leave the village. Pola Island is a landmark and icon for Vatia. It stands on the west side of Vatia Bay. The island has been named one of the Seven Natural Wonders of American Samoa by the Pago Pages.
National Park
Vatia serves as the center for the Tutuila-section of American Samoa National Park. Tuafanua Trail is a 2.2-mile trail which is located in National Park of American Samoa. The trail follows switchbacks through the rainforest from Vatia and up to the top of a nearby mountain ridge. From the top of the ridge, there are great views of Vai'ava Strait National Natural Landmark and nearby Pola Island (Cockscomb). The trail continues down to a rocky beach. Tuafanua Trailhead is situated just before Mount ‘Alava Elementary School in Vatia. Tuafanua Trail leads through one of the three rain forests found in the National Park. The flora here is a mixture of native bushes, ferns, and trees.
Lower Sauma Ridge Trail is another hiking trail through National Park land. This interpretive trail begins at a scenic overlook point on the road to Vatia. The trail leads to an archeological site of an ancient star mound. Along the trail are exhibits and views of the Vai'ava Strait National Natural Landmark and Pola Island, which is a nesting area for seabirds. Lower Sauma Ridge Trail is a 0.4-mile roundtrip hike.
Boat tours arranged by the government regularly sail around the north coast villages of Vatia, Fagasā, and Āfono.
Pola Island
Pola Island (Pola Tai) is one of the most popular attractions in the national park. Pola Island and nearby Pola'uta Ridge have the only known breeding colonies of Red-footed Boobies in American Samoa outside Rose Atoll. The oceans surrounding the island have a regular presence of sharks. Villagers have accessed the islet in the past and planted a coconut tree. North Shore Tours offer boat tours to Pola Island.
Vai'ava Strait
Vai'ava Strait National Natural Landmark makes up 250 acres on the northwestern side of Vatia. It is the only U.S. National Natural Landmark in American Samoa which is also part of the National Park of American Samoa. Pola Island, a 420-foot tower-like islet, creates the north side of the strait. Passing east through the town of Vatia, the road ends at the Pola Island Trailhead. A short path leads to a large cobblestone beach. Two sea arches are visible from the base of the cliffs extending into the ocean.
Mount 'Alava
Mount ‘Alava Adventure Trail is a challenging 5.6-mile roundtrip hiking trail, which is situated across the road from the trailhead for Lower Sauma Ridge Trail. This loop goes along the ridges of Mount ‘Alava to the mountain summit. It has a total of 56 ladders and 783 steps. The trail goes down another in another section and ends in Vatia Village, before it loops back along the road to its trailhead.
Population
Vatia has an estimated population of 640 as of late 2010. This is an increase of around 60% since 1980. Vatia had a median age of 22, and over 60% of the village's population was between 0 and 45 years old. Many residents work for the government of American Samoa and the private sector. Many are also employed with the canneries in the Pago Pago area.
Religion
Congregational Christian Church in American Samoa (CCCAS) is the main religion in Vatia, although there are members of Assemblies of God, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, Methodism and the Voice of Christ Full Gospel Church, Inc.
Education
American Samoa Department of Education operates public schools, including Mount Alava Elementary.
Wildlife
Rose Atoll and the Pola region of Vatia are the only places in American Samoa where Red-footed Boobies are found. Other species here include frigatebirds, white terns, tropicbirds, and noddy terns.
Pola Island and the nearby Polauta Ridge are the most important nesting and roosting areas in American Samoa for several bird species. Some bird species here include:
Red-footed booby (Sula sula)
Brown booby (Sula leucogaster)
Greater frigatebird (Fregata minor)
Lesser frigatebird (Fregata ariel)
Brown noddy (Anous stolidus)
Black noddy (Anous minutus)
Blue-gray noddy (Drocelstema cerulea)
Gray-backed Tern (Stema lunata)
Sports
The men's and women's cricket teams were competitors in the Annual Flag Day Cricket League for many decades. Both teams have fashioned the namesake of Manu'ula. They have championed many flag day leagues over the years. The local village bird fua'ō (Red-footed booby) was adapted to the namesake of the village's longboat. In 2012, the village's new longboat was christened and entered the Annual Flag Day Fautasi Race. In 2013, the Fua'ō won the championship race.
Points of interest
Ma'a-o-Tu'ulaumea, legendary landmark
National Park of American Samoa
Mount 'Alava Adventure Trail
Tuafanua Trail
Old Vatia, prehistoric village site listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places
Pola Island (Pola Tai), named one of the Seven Natural Wonders of American Samoa by the Pago Pages
Congregational Christian Church in American Samoa (CCCAS)
Vai'ava Strait, 250-acre National Natural Landmark
Vatia Beach
World War II remnants, several concrete bunkers from World War II are located near the coastline
See also
Old Vatia
Vatia Village Marine Protected Area
References
Villages in American Samoa
Tutuila
Kinnikannanvilai is a village on the west coast of Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu, India, flanked by Muhilankudieruppu in the south and Kovilvilai in the north. Kinnikannanvilai is bound by Puviyoor in the east and Arabian Sea in the west. The village is connected with Kanyakumari Bus Terminus (4 km) and Nagercoil town (16 km) by road. The nearest city is Thiruvananthapuram (Capital of Kerala). The holy capitals, Swamithope and Suchindrum are and away from Kinnikannanvilai respectively.
Villages in Kanyakumari district
Andriy Askoldovich Hrivko (, also transliterated Hryvko or Grivko, born 7 August 1983) is a Ukrainian former racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2005 and 2018. Since retiring from racing, Hrivko currently serves as the president of the Ukrainian Cycling Federation.
Career
Born in Zuya, Bilohirsk Raion, Hrivko competed at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in the road race, in which he did not finish, and the individual time trial, where he finished 31st. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he only competed in the road race, finishing in 17th place.
He also competed in the 2015 European Games for Ukraine in cycling. He earned a silver medal in men's road race.
He competed for Ukraine in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
In 2017 Hrivko was removed from the Tour of Dubai for punching Marcel Kittel in the head during the third stage of that race, prompting a query into whether or not he should be suspended and sanctioned by the UCI.
After retiring from the professional peloton, Hrivko became the president of the Ukrainian Cycling Federation.
Major results
2003
8th Trofeo Internazionale Bastianelli
2004
1st Overall Giro delle Regioni
8th Time trial, UCI Under-23 Road World Championships
2005
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
2nd Firenze–Pistoia
6th Rund um die Nürnberger Altstadt
2006
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
3rd Overall Critérium International
3rd GP Miguel Induráin
9th Time trial, UCI Road World Championships
2007
3rd Eindhoven Team Time Trial
9th Firenze–Pistoia
2008
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
1st Firenze–Pistoia
2nd Intaka Tech Worlds View Challenge 1
2nd Intaka Tech Worlds View Challenge 2
5th Road race, UCI Road World Championships
9th Chrono des Nations
2009
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
1st Stage 1b (TTT) Settimana Internazionale di Coppi e Bartali
2nd Overall Course de la Solidarité Olympique
3rd Gran Premio Nobili Rubinetterie
4th Overall Tour de San Luis
8th Chrono des Nations
2010
2nd Overall Three Days of De Panne
2011
6th Overall Three Days of De Panne
8th Overall Tour of Beijing
2012
National Road Championships
1st Road race
1st Time trial
5th Overall Tour of Belgium
2013
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Vuelta a España
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
3rd Overall Eneco Tour
5th Road race, UCI Road World Championships
2014
4th Overall Eneco Tour
2015
European Games
2nd Road race
4th Time trial
6th Overall Eneco Tour
10th Overall Tour of Qatar
2016
1st Overall La Méditerranéenne
1st Stage 3
2017
10th Overall Arctic Race of Norway
2018
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
4th Overall Danmark Rundt
5th Overall Tour of Belgium
10th Overall Tour du Haut Var
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
People from Bilohirsk Raion
Ukrainian male cyclists
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Ukraine
European Games medalists in cycling
European Games silver medalists for Ukraine
Cyclists at the 2015 European Games
Specific may refer to:
Specificity (disambiguation)
Specific, a cure or therapy for a specific illness
Law
Specific deterrence, focussed on an individual
Specific finding, intermediate verdict used by a jury in determining the final verdict
Specific jurisdiction over an out-of-state party, specific to cases that have a substantial connection to the party's in-state activity
Order of specific performance, court order to perform a specific act
Economics, finance, and accounting
Asset specificity, the extent to which the investments made to support a particular transaction have a higher value to that transaction than they would have if they were redeployed for any other purpose
Specific identification (inventories), summing purchase costs of all inventory items
Specific rate duty, duty paid at a specific amount per unit
Specific risk, risk that affects a very small number of assets
Psychology
Domain specificity, theory that many aspects of cognition are supported by specialized, presumably evolutionarily specified, learning devices
Specific developmental disorder, disorders in which development is delayed in one specific area or areas, and in which basically all other areas of development are not affected
Specific learning disability
Specific phobia, phobia of a specific thing or situation
Specific social phobia, triggered only by specific social situations
Biology
pertaining to a species
Specific name (botany), species name of a plant
Specific name (zoology), species name of an animal
Specific appetite, drive to eat foods with specific flavors or other characteristics
Specific granule, secretory vesicle in granulocytes
Specific immunity, to a particular pathogen
Specific Pathogen Free, of a laboratory animal guaranteed free of particular (i.e., specific and named) pathogens
Other fields
A specific quantity generally means a physical quantity normalized "per unit" of something (often mass).
SPECIFIC, The Sustainable Product Engineering Centre for Innovative Functional Industrial Coatings
Specific creation, creationism as opposed to evolution
Specific interval, the shortest possible clockwise distance between pitch classes on the chromatic circle
Specific integral, in calculus, eliminates the constant of integration
Specific Physical Preparedness, being prepared for the movements in a specific physical activity (usually a sport)
See also
Species (disambiguation)
Specification (disambiguation)
Specialty (disambiguation)
Site-specific (disambiguation)
Language for specific purposes, has been primarily used to refer to two areas within applied linguistics
Ainsley Edward Armstrong (born 27 December 1952) is a Trinidad and Tobago sprinter. He competed in the 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Trinidad and Tobago male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Trinidad and Tobago
Place of birth missing (living people)
Tunghai, Tung Hai, Tung-Hai may refer to:
Tunghai University
East China Sea, from its Mandarin pinyin romanization of its Chinese name (东海)
East Sea (Chinese literature), from its Mandarin pinyin romanization of its Chinese name (東海), and one of the Four Seas
See also
Donghai (disambiguation)
East Sea (disambiguation)
For the Canadian 2000s tour band, see: Leslie Carter.
The Other Half was an American psychedelic garage rock band, based in San Francisco, and active in the mid-to-late 1960s. The band gained interest after one of the Nuggets compilations in the 1980s included their single, "Mr. Pharmacist".
History
The Other Half formed in Los Angeles California, United States, but later moved to San Francisco. They played several shows at Chet Helms Family Dog shows at the Avalon Ballroom. Their music was strongly influenced by the Yardbirds and Rolling Stones. Guitarist Randy Holden had been offered the chance to replace Jeff Beck in the Yardbirds before joining The Other Half. The Other Half were at their peak when the music scene was at its height in San Francisco and the Flower Power movement in full swing in Haight Ashbury. Their style changed from an earlier vocal based garage band, to the loudest big stage band sound of the time, taken in that direction by former Sons of Adam guitarist Randy Holden. Their sound has been compared to The Yardbirds, and contained elements of blues, hard rock, and Eastern melodic influences. Holden left the band after their debut album was recorded, dissatisfied with the recording and the guitar he was playing at the time, later stating "I was trying to accommodate everyone else, at the expense of my own soul and happiness". Despite Holden's misgivings, the album has been described as "awesome incendiary rock".
Holden went on to join Blue Cheer before embarking on a solo career.
The band's "Mr. Pharmacist" was included on one of the Nuggets compilations in the early 1980s, Volume 12: Punk Part Three, and was later covered by The Fall, becoming a number 75 UK chart hit. A collection of their recordings, titled Mr. Pharmacist was issued in 1982. This included their entire 1968 album and several tracks from singles.
Two songs, "Bad Day" and "Oz Lee Eaves Drops" appeared in the 1968 pilot episode of The Mod Squad.
Band members
Randy Holden - Lead guitar, vocals
Geoff Westen - Rhythm guitar, vocals
Larry Brown - Bass guitar
Danny Woody - Drums
Jeff Nowlen - Vocalist
Singles
"Mr. Pharmacist" (G.N.P. Crescendo Records, 3 December 1966)
"Flight of the Dragon Lady" Acta
"I Need You" b/w "Wonderful Day" (Acta Records 1967)
Vinyl LPs
The Other Half (1968) Acta Records (reissued (2004) Radioactive)
Mr. Pharmacist (1982) Eva
References
External links
Randy Holden's website
Prindle, Mark Mr. Pharmacist review
1966 establishments in California
Garage rock groups from California
Musical groups established in 1966
Musical groups disestablished in 1968
Musical groups from San Francisco
Psychedelic rock music groups from California
The following is an incomplete list of paintings and drawings by the Early Netherlandish painter Hugo van der Goes. Attribution of his work has been difficult for art historians, and a great many works though, in the early to mid-20th century, to be by his hand are now accepted to be copies by members of his workshop or by followers. Often, when trying to establish attribution, if there was no documentary evidence, comparisons were made to his great 1470 Portinari Altarpiece, mentioned by Vasari.
Hugo appears to have left many drawings, and either from these or the paintings themselves followers made many copies of compositions that have not survived from his own hand.
Works
Paintings
Drawings
Workshop
References
Sources
Campbell, Lorne. The Fifteenth-Century Netherlandish Paintings. London, National Gallery. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1998.
Goes, Hugo van der
Peter Nelson (born 5 October 1992) from Dungannon is a rugby union player. He formerly played at the position of fullback for Ulster.
Nelson is a versatile back who can play at out-half, full-back, centre or wing.
Club career
Nelson made his debut for Ulster against Leinster in December 2011. He scored his first try for Ulster against Benetton Treviso in November 2012.
In May 2019, it was announced that Nelson would be leaving Ulster after eight seasons.
In 2020, Nelson agreed a deal with Seattle Seawolves to play in Major League Rugby, however that move was abandoned due to the coronavirus pandemic.
International career
Ireland
Nelson has represented Ireland at both under-18 and under-20 level.
Canada
In June 2019, Nelson was selected by Canada for the Pacific Nations Cup. He is eligible for Canada through his Vancouver-born grandmother. He made his Canada debut in the tournament against the USA Eagles.
He was named in the Canada squad for the 2019 World Cup and made his tournament debut against Italy on 26 September.
References
External links
Peter Nelson - Canada ESPN Scrum
Player profile - Peter Nelson Rugby World Cup
1992 births
Living people
Ulster Rugby players
Rugby union fullbacks
Dungannon RFC players
Irish rugby union players
Canada international rugby union players
Donald Eck (born November 30, 1961) is a former American football coach. Until November 2021, he was the offensive coordinator at Clearfield High School in Clearfield, Utah, a position he held since the summer of 2020. Eck previously spent 28 years as an assistant coach at the collegiate and professional levels, including stints as offensive coordinator of the Berlin Thunder and Rhein Fire in NFL Europe. Eck was the original head coach at Corner Canyon High School in Draper, Utah. In 2021, he was fired from his coaching position at Clearfield High School over a harassing voicemail he left one of his players.
Playing career
Eck played as center for Utah from 1980 to 1982. He was voted Utah's Most Valuable Lineman all three years. He made the all-Western Athletic Conference (WAC) second team in both 1981 and 1982. Eck was team captain as a senior in 1982.
Coaching career
Eck began his coaching career as student assistant at Utah in 1983. After a one-year stint as assistant coach at Woods Cross High School (Utah) he returned to his alma mater in 1985, where he served two seasons as a graduate assistant before becoming the offensive line coach (1987–1989).
In 1990, Eck coached the centers and guards for Arizona's Aloha Bowl team. From there, he went to James Madison as offensive line coach. The Dukes' 1991 team finished 12th in the nation in total offense. He was promoted to assistant head coach/offensive line coach prior to the 1992 season.
Eck's third coaching stint in Salt Lake City began in 1994, when he was added to Ron McBride's Utah staff as offensive line coach. Also won the headman in 1987.
After leaving Utah, Eck spent five seasons in NFL Europe. He was the offensive line coach for the Scottish Claymores (2003) and served as offensive coordinator/offensive line coach for the Berlin Thunder (2004–2006) and Rhein Fire (2007).
Eck returned to college football in 2008 as the offensive line coach at Weber State. In January 2009, he was promoted to assistant head coach and offensive coordinator, but left WSU at the beginning of spring workouts to join the Las Vegas franchise of the United Football League.
In the summer of 2020, Eck took the job as the offensive coordinator at Clearfield High School in Clearfield Utah, coaching under former NFL player and Clearfield Alumni Andre Dyson. Eck was fired from this position on Nov 23, 2021, for leaving a harassing voicemail on a student's phone, which included, in part, "Hey, give me a call when you can. I want to meet with your parents, man, 'cause I keep hearing your mom's putting all sorts of (expletive) on social media talking (expletive) about the coaches here and I'm gonna put a stop to that, bro."
References
External links
Scottish Claymores bio
1961 births
Living people
American football centers
Arizona Wildcats football coaches
Berlin Thunder coaches
James Madison Dukes football coaches
Las Vegas Locomotives coaches
Rhein Fire coaches
Scottish Claymores coaches
Sportspeople from Los Angeles County, California
Utah Utes football coaches
Weber State Wildcats football coaches
High school football coaches in Utah
People from Norwalk, California
Players of American football from California
Richard John "Rick" Cheeseman Jr. (born November 24, 1966) is a United States Navy vice admiral and surface warfare officer who has served as the deputy chief of naval operations for manpower, personnel, training and education and 60th Chief of Naval Personnel since June 3, 2022. He previously served as a special assistant to the Commander, United States Fleet Forces Command, and prior to that was commander of Carrier Strike Group 10 from December 14, 2020 to April 6, 2022. He has also commanded Carrier Strike Group 2 with tours as commanding officer of the and .
Raised in Carneys Point Township, New Jersey, Cheeseman earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Pennsylvania State University in 1989. He later received a master's degree in joint campaign planning and strategy from the Joint Advanced Warfighting School at the Joint Forces Staff College in 2007.
References
|-
|-
|-
|-
Date of birth missing (living people)
1966 births
Living people
People from Carneys Point Township, New Jersey
Pennsylvania State University alumni
Joint Forces Staff College alumni
United States Navy admirals
Military personnel from New Jersey
Kadiolo is a town, rural commune and seat of the Kadiolo Cercle in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The town lies 85 km south of Sikasso, 13 km north of the border with the Ivory Coast and 30 km west of the border with Burkino Faso. The commune of Kadiolo covers an area of 783 square kilometers and includes the town and 19 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 59,932.
See also
List of cities in Mali
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
London Metro may refer to:
London Underground - metropolitan train operator in London, England
Metro (British newspaper) - free newspaper in London, England
Major General Herbert Cyril Thacker (16 September 1870 – 2 June 1953) was a Canadian soldier and Chief of the General Staff, the head of the Canadian Army from 1927 until 1929.
Military career
Thacker was born the son of Major-General J. Thacker of the Bombay Staff Corps in 1870 in Poona, India. He attended Upper Canada College in Toronto and, in 1887, he graduated from the Royal Military College of Canada. Commissioned in the Royal Canadian Artillery in 1891, he conducted survey work in western Canada for the Canadian Pacific Railway. He was promoted to Lieutenant in 1893.
His service in the Second Boer War of 1900 in the Canadian Field Artillery led to the award of the Queen's medal with three clasps.
From 1904 to 1905 he had the unique Canadian assignment as a military attaché with the Japanese Army during the Russo-Japanese War but he was joined by other colonials. Along with other Western military attachés, Thacker had two complementary missions – to assist the Japanese and to observe the Japanese forces in the field during the Russo-Japanese War.
In 1907, his appointment as Director of Artillery at Ottawa accompanied a promotion as Commanding Officer of the Royal Canadian Garrison Artillery (RCGA), and he became one of the 65 to live in the Commanding Officers' Residence at Royal Artillery Park in Halifax. In 1911 he became Inspector of Coast Defense Artillery.
At the outbreak of World War I, Thacker joined the Canadian Expeditionary Forces (CEF), sailing for Europe with the 1st Canadian Division. Thacker went on to command the 2nd Canadian Divisional Artillery from 1914 to 1915. After General Sir Henry E. Burstall was promoted, Thacker commanded the 1st Canadian Divisional Artillery from September 1915 through the end of World War and the CEF return to Canada.
After the war, Thacker was appointed the District Officer Commanding Military District 6, returning with his family to live at Royal Artillery Park. His career was capped with service as Chief of the General Staff from 1927 to 1929.
Thacker retired from military service in 1929. He died in Victoria, British Columbia, in June 1953.
Honors
For his service in the Boer War, Thacker was awarded the Queen's Medal with three clasps (1900).
He was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Third Class by the Japanese government for his services during the Russo-Japanese War. He also received the Japanese War medal for service during that campaign.
For service in World War I, he was made a Companion of the Order of Saint Michael and Saint George (CMG) in 1916. Thacker was appointed to the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) in 1918. He was created a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in 1919.
Notes
See also
Library and Archives Canada: CEF Attestation paper
References
Hitsman, J. Mackay and Desmond Morton. "Canada's First Military Attache: Capt. H. C. Thacker in the Russo-Japanese War," Military Affairs, Vol. 34, No. 3 (Oct., 1970), pp. 82–84; "Report No. 14,", Directorate of History, Canadian Forces Headquarters, 8 September 1967.
Armstrong, Captain J.G., "A Gunner in Manchuria: Canada Observes the Russo-Japanese War," Canadian Defence Quarterly, Vol. 12, No.4 (Spring 1983), 37–44.
External links
Herbert Cyril Thacker at The Canadian Encyclopedia
1870 births
1953 deaths
Canadian generals of World War I
Canadian Companions of the Order of the Bath
Canadian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Canadian Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure
People of the Russo-Japanese War
Royal Military College of Canada alumni
Canadian military personnel of the Second Boer War
Military personnel of British India
Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery officers
Canadian Militia officers
Military attachés
Sergey Anatolyevich Romanov (), born 20 September 1958, is a Russian scientist, internal dosimetry and radiation protection specialist, PhD in biology (2003). He currently serves as Director in the , having been appointed in 1997. He is the author and coauthor of more than 150 research papers.
Education and early life
Sergey Romanov was born on 20 September 1958 in Buran village in Markakolsky district of East Kazakhstan Region, Kazakh SSR, USSR, to the Romanov family, Anatoly Mikhailovich and Maria Timofeevna. In 1969 his family had moved to Kimry, Tver oblast, where he graduated from a high school and that year entered the Faculty of Applied Mathematics at Sergo Ordzhonikidze Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI).
Career and research
In 1982, he graduated from MAI majoring in Applied Mathematics. He began his career as an engineer at the machine-construction design office “Raduga” in Dubna, Moscow oblast. By the end of 1985 he had moved to Ozyorsk where he had started his career at one of the biggest USSR nuclear facilities Mayak PA as a control and testing instrumentation mechanic; six months later he had moved to the Internal Dosimetry Laboratory of the Branch #1 of Biophysics Institute. He worked as a senior laboratory assistant (1986), then as a senior engineer, the 1st category engineer, a leading programming engineer, the head of the group, he was eventually appointed as Director of the Branch (since 1997).
He earned his PhD in 2003 at the with a dissertation on microdistribution of plutonium in the lungs as a basis for correction of dosimetric models.
Member of the Russian delegation and expert in the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation (UNSCEAR) (since 2008), member of the Main Commission of the International Commission on Radiological Protection (since 2013 ), member of the Russian Scientific Commission on Radiological Protection. Expert of the Federal Target Program “Providing nuclear and radiation safety for 2016-2020 and for the period up to 2030” (FTP NRS-2). He is the member of the editorial board of Radiation and Environmental Biophysics, "Radiation Safety Issues", "Emergency medicine".
From 2004 to 2012 he taught at South Ural State University (Ozyorsk Branch) as head of Biophysics special Chair.
Sergey Romanov has the rank of senior international master, SIM (2000) in correspondence chess.
h-index
His h-index in the International bibliographic and reference database Scopus as of 25.02.2022 reaches 19.
Awards and honours
Sergey Romanov is the recipient of the 2002 , awarded the II Degree Medal of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" (2010).
Personal life
He lives in Ozersk, Chelyabinsk oblast, Russia. Married.
Publications
Some of the most cited publications:
2010s
2020s
References
Russian scientists
Russian biophysicists
Russian biologists
Radiobiologists
Kazakhstani people of Russian descent
1958 births
Living people
Legally Blonde: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2001 film Legally Blonde, starring Reese Witherspoon, Selma Blair, Luke Wilson and Victor Garber. It was released on July 13, 2001, by A&M Records.
The album was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Original Score.
Track listing
Charts
References
2001 soundtrack albums
A&M Records soundtracks
Albums produced by Patrick Leonard
Albums produced by Rob Schnapf
Albums produced by Rockwilder
Albums produced by Ron Fair
Comedy film soundtracks
Legally Blonde (franchise)
William John Eythe (April 7, 1918 – January 26, 1957) was an American actor of film, radio, television and stage.
Early life
Born in Mars, Pennsylvania, a small town located about 25 miles from Pittsburgh, he was interested in acting from a young age. He converted an old barn into a theatre and started performing plays he had written.
He managed a dairy store in his home town for a year and began taking night courses at the Art Institute of Pittsburgh. He went to see Burgess Meredith on stage in Winterset and Meredith advised him to study at Carnegie Tech University. At Carnegie, Eythe appeared in over 80 plays.
Career
Theatre Work
Eythe appeared in and produced Lend an Ear for the Pittsburgh Civic Playhouse. He also acted in that play in Cohassett, Massachusetts with Sheila Barrett. He formed the Fox Chapel Players in Pittsburgh, a stock company composed mostly of former Carnegie students; it lasted one production of Lilliom.
In June 1941 Eythe joined his first professional stock company, in Cohassett, appearing alongside such names as Ruth Chatterton, Nancy Carroll and George Nagel. He was seen in a production of Ladies in Retirement by a talent scout from 20th Century Fox who offered a screen test. Eythe turned it down, saying he was not ready.
After appearing in Caprice in Canada with Chatterton, Eythe went to New York.
New York
In New York, Eythe got various jobs performing in radio dramas and as an announcer for a local television station, WBNT. He was MC for a variety show.
Eythe had a role on Broadway in The Moon is Down (1942) by John Steinbeck. During try-outs in Baltimore, Eythe was hit on the head doing a scene, injuring his hearing. This meant he would be unfit for military service. During the Second World War, many of Hollywood's young male stars were away at war, and the film studios were forced to locate newer, younger actors who were below the age of military service, or those actors who were considered unfit for service due to medical conditions. As one such actor, Eythe was spotted by a talent scout for 20th Century Fox films.
The test was successful and Eythe signed a long-term contract with the studio on 20 June 1942.
20th Century Fox
Eythe was given a screen-test, and landed a role in the film The Ox-Bow Incident (1943), which co-starred Henry Fonda and Dana Andrews. He played the pacifist son of Frank Conroy.
In 1943, he starred opposite Jennifer Jones in the Academy Award-winning film The Song of Bernadette, playing a man who is romantically interested in Bernadette (Jones).
Eythe was promoted to leading roles with The Eve of St. Mark (1944), opposite Anne Baxter, from a play by Maxwell Anderson. He played the juvenile lead in Wilson (1944), Fox's prestige picture of the year; it was a box office disappointment but Eythe's casting in the movie indicated the regard with which he was held at the studio.
Eythe was one of the three leads in a war film, Wing and a Prayer (1944), directed by Henry Hathaway, alongside Don Ameche and Dana Andrews. Eythe replaced Randolph Scott. He was to have appeared in Sunday Dinner for a Soldier but ended up being replaced by John Hodiak.
He was reunited with Baxter on A Royal Scandal (1945), directed by Otto Preminger (taking over from Ernst Lubitsch) and starring Tallulah Bankhead and Charles Coburn.
Eythe was then given the lead role in The House on 92nd Street (1945) playing double-agent Bill Dietrich (based on William G. Sebold). This was a semi-documentary directed by Henry Hathaway and was a big hit. He was announced for Doll Face with Vivian Blaine and a musical remake of The Bowery but neither were made.
Eythe was the romantic male lead in Colonel Effingham's Raid (1946), starring Coburn. He was billed fourth in Centennial Summer (1946), a musical directed by Preminger featuring Jeanne Crain, Cornel Wilde and Linda Darnell.
In 1946, he was one of eight Hollywood actors to give a performance in front of King George VI of the United Kingdom and his consort, Queen Elizabeth.
Eythe went to England where he starred in Meet Me at Dawn (1947), a swashbuckler produced by Marcel Hellman and released through Fox.
Fox then released him from his contract.
Pine-Thomas
He returned to Hollywood where he starred in Mr. Reckless (1948), a drama for Pine-Thomas, a low budget unit associated with Paramount. Pine-Thomas used him again for Special Agent (1949).
Eythe directed and appeared in a stage production of The Glass Menagerie.
Return to Broadway
Eythe returned to New York. He turned producer, buying the rights to the revue Lend an Ear and much revising it. It debuted in New York in 1948, the cast including Eythe and a young Carol Channing. It ran for 460 performances until 1950.
During the show run he began appearing in TV in episodes of The Philco-Goodyear Television Playhouse ("Dinner at Antoine's", "This Time, Next Year", an adaptation of "The Little Sister", "The Promise"). He announced he had bought the rights to the novel The Perfect Round by Henry Morton Robinson and wanted to turn it into a play. In November 1949 Eythe left the cast of Lend an Ear, replaced by John Beal. He returned to films with the lead role in a B film at Columbia, Customs Agent (1950). In 1950 he appeared in the musical The Liar, directed by Alfred Drake, which only had a short run. Eythe also appeared in a starring (though non-singing) role in the 1950 Cole Porter musical Out of this World, based on the Greek myth of Amphitryon, in which Jupiter (George Gaynes) comes to earth to bed a lovely young lady, taking the shape of her much-loved husband (Eythe). The song "From This Moment On", which went on to become a standard, was originally written for the couple.
Television
Eythe then focused on television. He was in episodes of Faith Baldwin Romance Theatre ("Follow Fat Flora"), Studio One in Hollywood ("Summer Had Better Be Good"), Armstrong Circle Theatre ("Fog Station"), Lux Video Theatre ("Dames are Poison"), Tales of Tomorrow ("The Invader", with Eva Gabor), Lights Out ("Sisters of Shadow", "Perchance to Dream"), Schlitz Playhouse ("The Haunted House"), and Hollywood Opening Night ("The Singing Years"). His last screen appearance was in The Ford Television Theatre ("Indirect Approach"). In 1953 he was in a stage production of Garson Kanin's The Live Wire.
Later career
Eythe became a professional photographer. He and his partner Lon McCallister toured the world producing films for the Hilton Hotel chain.
Personal life
Eythe was romantically linked with Anne Baxter, June Haver, Margaret Whiting and a male movie actor named Lon McCallister.
Eythe married a young 20th Century Fox contract actress, Buff Cobb, in June 1947. The marriage was short-lived and was not a happy one, and the couple divorced in 1949. Cobb later sued Eythe for $2,500 that he owed according to their divorce settlement. The unpaid debt resulted in Eythe's being arrested. "I suppose I do owe the money", he said. "I'm a bum book-keeper and a bum businessman".
Eythe lived with Lon McCallister from the early 1950s until his death. Carol Channing described McCallister as Eythe's "dearest friend".
Death
Eythe was admitted to Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles in January 1957 suffering from hepatitis. He died several weeks later at the age of 38.
Partial filmography
The Ox-Bow Incident (1943) – Gerald Tetley
The Song of Bernadette (1943) – Antoine Nicolau
The Eve of St. Mark (1944) – Pvt. Quizz West
Wilson (1944) – George Felton
Wing and a Prayer (1944) – Ens. Hallam 'Oscar' Scott
A Royal Scandal (1945) – Lt. Alexei Chernoff
The House on 92nd Street (1945) – Bill Dietrich
Colonel Effingham's Raid (1946) – Albert 'Al' Marbury
Centennial Summer (1946) – Ben Phelps
Meet Me at Dawn (1947) – Charles Morton
Mr. Reckless (1948) – Jeff Lundy
Special Agent (1949) – Johnny Douglas
Customs Agent (1950) – Bert Stewart
References
External links
1918 births
1957 deaths
American male film actors
American male television actors
American theatre managers and producers
American male stage actors
American male radio actors
Deaths from hepatitis
Infectious disease deaths in California
LGBT people from Pennsylvania
American gay actors
People from Butler County, Pennsylvania
Male actors from Pittsburgh
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
20th Century Fox contract players
20th-century American male actors
Rock Bolting Development Site is a heritage-listed former rock bolt experiment site at Sharp Street, Cooma, Snowy Monaro Regional Council, New South Wales, Australia. It was used by Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electric Authority personnel from 1956 to 1962. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 23 December 2016.
History
From the mid 1950s through to the early 1960s the Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electric Authority (SMHEA) developed a method to prevent large tunnels and caverns from collapse through the use of patterned rock bolting, with bolt placement designed according to the rock structure.
The methodology was shared internationally and was adopted worldwide; it and the hardware remain essentially the same as those developed by the Snowy Mountains Authority.
The Cooma Rock Bolting Development Site was within the property of the Authority's Scientific Services Laboratory where laboratory testing of the rock bolting methodology was performed and developed. The site in Lambie Gorge is where "pull-out" tests were undertaken to prove a rock-bolt anchorage that was as strong as the bolt itself. The site, which is accessible to the public, displays drilled holes and remnant rock bolts in the rock faces where the testing was performed.
Many people were engaged within several engineering laboratories of the SMHEA, the civil design office and at the underground construction sites themselves for the massive Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electric Scheme. In addition, efficient installation techniques were devised to maximise the effectiveness of rock bolting for all its benefits to a project. The work in the gorge on successive occasions led to the approval for the commercial supply for rock bolting components under a series of underground construction contracts for the Scheme.
Permanency of the rock bolting design was crucial to its full development and acceptance. This came from sealing the whole bolt system and by transferring the tensile force from bolts positioned in a pattern across the full span into a lasting compression and locking force. This aspect of the development was proven in the laboratories and refined under contract conditions at the construction sites.
The Cooma Rock Bolting Development Site represents a suitable location for recognising the development of pattern rock-bolting and its contribution to the engineering discipline of rock mechanics. It was a SMHEA team effort led by engineering management that delivered very significant achievements in tunnelling speeds that regularly set new world records together with very large savings in construction costs and improved construction worker safety; it also engendered enthusiasm and pride in the project work of the Authority.
The Rock Bolting Development Site was declared a National Engineering Heritage Landmark by Engineers Australia on 18 October 2009 when a plaque and interpretive sign were unveiled at the site. The Landmark is the highest level of heritage recognition accorded by Engineers Australia. The event was timed to coincide with the celebration of the 60th anniversary of the Snowy Mountains Scheme.
Rock Bolting - the detailed description and justification
Rock bolting in hard rock involves drilling a hole into sound rock at the excavated face (commonly between 1.50m and 6.00m deep depending on the conditions and rock structure), with a diameter to suit an expansion unit anchor - often about 45 mm diameter. A steel rod - the bolt, is then inserted with an expansion unit at the embedded end. At its exposed end the bolt is threaded and fitted with a nut under which is a small steel plate that bears on a conical rubber seal to seal the hole entrance when grouting is taking place. Screwing the nut down onto the plate and thus the rock surface, causes the embedded expansion unit to expand and anchor the bolt in the hole, this in turn allows a predetermined tension to be applied to the bolt. The aim is to have the anchor hold the full elastic tensile strength of the bolt. The hole surrounding the bolt is then filled with non-shrinking grout in a way that displaces the air. When the grout sets, it forms a permanent bond between the bolt and the surrounding rock.
When the bolt is tensioned by the nut against the plate at the surface, the compressive and transverse forces lock the layer of rock against further movement. The forces induced by tensioning the bolts create a pre-stressed membrane across the surface of the excavated rock face which neutralises the internal forces in the rock.
The use of non-shrinking grout enables the bolt components to transfer load to the adjacent rock over its whole length, as well as providing an inhibiting environment against corrosion. The formula for the non-shrinking grout which exactly compensates for the shrinkage of normal grout, was in itself, an inspired innovation by engineers of the SMHEA Scientific Services Laboratories.
Pull-out tests were conducted at the Rock Bolting Development Site to obtain data that would show the anchorage strength compared to the strength of the bolt. A dozen or so rock bolts at the site were used to prove the effectiveness of the grouting and the strength of the anchorage.
Many other steps were taken in the scientific laboratories of SMHEA to make an integrated, fully developed rock bolt reinforcement system that remained as a permanent structure, protected from corrosion.
In most instances rock bolting can replace the need for surface steel supports and the accompanying over-excavation to accommodate them, and it can avoid the need for separate concrete support of underground excavations.
It has been estimated that rock bolting reduced the steel required for support to one eighth of that required using conventional methods. It also saved the cost of over-excavation (and removal of the additional excavated rock) to accommodate supports and/or lining. Contractual pricing at the time showed a 45% increase in cost for fully concrete lined tunnels where light steel external supports were used instead of rock bolts. While much time and labour were saved by these excavation benefits, they also enhanced tunnelling safety. It was also an additional time-saver in that the rock bolts needed to be installed immediately after each advance of the tunnel excavation and simultaneously with the next face drilling and face exposure, before the laying of explosive charges in these holes.
Location of the Rock Bolting Development Site
The Rock Bolting Development Site on Cooma Back Creek in Lambie Gorge was deliberately chosen for geological reasons because the mineralogical composition of the Cooma gneiss was similar to the granite in the known construction sites in the Snowy Mountains. These sites were for the underground hydro-electric power stations, Tumut 1 and Tumut 2 and their associated tunnels.
The other factor giving rise to the usefulness of the Rock Bolting Development Site was that it was near the Engineering Laboratories of Scientific Services Division of SMHEA. These laboratories were where the testing personnel worked with their testing apparatus, both fixed and portable. All this land was then under the ownership of SMHEA and had been in use for six years in connection with other experimental work associated with the laboratories. The original SMHEA building for Engineering Materials and the storage buildings still stand (at 2016). In the years of testing activity a foot bridge at the height of the flood plain allowed for the crossing of Cooma Back Creek to the Rock Bolting Development Site from the laboratories.
Description
The Rock Bolting Development Site is located on a bank of Lambie Gorge through which Cooma Back Creek flows. The site is accessed from Sharp Street (Snowy Mountains Highway) in central Cooma, near the Park commemorating the "Southern Cloud" airliner, by a Public Reserve pathway along the bank of the Cooma Back Creek, via the Cooma Agricultural and Pastoral Society Showgrounds and the Cooma Bowling Club.
The site comprises a natural rock face into which holes have been drilled. Bolts of various designs project from some of these holes. Blasted fallen rock in front of the main test area is evidence of a succession of test faces within the span of usage of the test site.
There are two main areas where the rock bolting experimental tests were conducted. A succession of tests were conducted in the area at the downstream end of the gorge.
As at 4 December 2013, the holes and bolts were reported to be in excellent condition as they had not been disturbed. The broken rock and bolts from previous experiments are still in place.
The site retains many of the bolts and drilled holes of the original field tests.
A succession of test faces is evident by the blasted fallen rock in front of the main test area. This was undertaken within the span of the testing at the site.
Heritage listing
The Rock Bolting Development Site is of state heritage significance as the location of field testing of a pioneering Australian methodology for the permanent support of underground excavations in hard rock, using patterned rock bolting. The practice made tunneling safer, faster, and less expensive than earlier methods and quickly spread worldwide; it continues with little change today.
The drilled holes and remnant rock bolts exposed in the rock faces of Lambie Gorge are evidence of where "pull-out" tests were undertaken to prove a rock-bolt anchorage that was as strong as the bolt itself.
Rock bolts had been used in coal mines from 1912 primarily to attach loose slabs to more stable rock layers, and their use began in hard rock in Sweden in 1939.
However, the approach was empirical without theoretical guidance or the backing of laboratory experiments. The methodology for the permanent support of underground excavations in hard rock was developed by the Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electric Authority between the mid 1950s and the early 1960s, through design research, coupled with testing, measurement and trials.
Rock Bolting Development Site was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 23 December 2016 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The Rock Bolting Development site is of state heritage significance for its role in the history and development of the applied science of rock mechanics in NSW, Australia and internationally. It was the site at which a quantum leap in knowledge, methods and techniques of rock excavation and tunnelling were developed in the 1950s and 1960s. The new methodology led to a significant reduction in the cost of rock excavation and tunnelling, vast improvements in safety of workers and increased speed at which rock tunnelling projects could be completed.
The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
The Rock Bolting Development site is of state heritage significance for its strong association with the widely acclaimed Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electric Authority and its expert professional staff. The new methodology had significant associations with major tunnelling contractors.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The Rock Bolting Development site is of state significance for its aesthetic and technical values in NSW. The aesthetically distinctive rock face and scattered remnant shards are a strong visual representation of the creative and lateral thinking leading to the ground-breaking research in the science of rock mechanics.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Regarded as the most significant engineering development made on the Snowy Scheme, the Rock Bolting Development site is of state significance as it is held in high esteem by the engineering fraternity in NSW and Australia.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The Rock Bolting Development site, with its still evident bolts and bore sites and the rock shards dislodged during experiments, is of state heritage significance for its potential to demonstrate the process of developing the rock bolting techniques in NSW. The site can also demonstrate the precedence of the work of the Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electric Authority and its impact in the engineering fraternity worldwide.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The Rock Bolting Development site is of state heritage significance as it is the only site where such activity was undertaken in Australia.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
The Rock Bolting Development site is of state heritage significance as a representative location for engineering experimentation that contributed significantly to the development of engineering science in NSW, Australia and the world.
See also
References
Bibliography
Attribution
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Cooma
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Recipients of Engineers Australia engineering heritage markers
The 45th edition of the Vuelta a Colombia, a bicycle stage race was held from April 18 to May 1, 1995. There were a total number of 111 competitors.
Stages
1995-04-18: Paipa — Paipa (6.2 km)
1995-04-19: Duitama — Villa de Leiva (177.3 km)
1995-04-20: Villa de Leiva — Pacho (198.1 km)
1995-04-21: Funza — Mariquita (157.1 km)
1995-04-22: Honda — Manizales (143.7 km)
1995-04-23: Manizales — Santa Helena del Opón (214.2 km)
1995-04-23: Caldas — Palestina (172.3 km)
1995-04-25: Pereira — Cali (206.5 km)
1995-04-26: Cali — Buenaventura (127.8 km)
1995-04-27: Buenaventura — Buga (122.3 km)
1995-04-28: Buga — Armenia (187.6 km)
1995-04-29: Armenia — Ibagué (115.2 km)
1995-04-30: Ibagué — Santa Fé de Bogotá (213.7 km)
1995-05-01: Bogotá — Alto de Patios (26 km)
Final classification
Teams
Pony Malta-Kelme PRF
Manzana Postobón PRF
Gasesosas Glacial
Aguardiante Antioqueño-Lotería de Medellín
Pony Malta–Avianca
Pilsener (Ecuador)
Manzana Postobón Aficionado
Cuba National Team
Agua Natural Glacial
Ron Medellín-Lotin
Todos por Boyacá
Cicloases-Cundinamarca
See also
1995 Clásico RCN
References
pedalesybielas (Archived 2009-10-21)
cyclingwebsite
Vuelta a Colombia
Colombia
Vuelta Colombia
USS Philippine Sea may refer to:
, was an aircraft carrier in service from 1946 to 1958
, is a guided missile cruiser commissioned in 1989 and in active service
United States Navy ship names
Defence pensions are pensions paid from the Defence Services Estimates. Approximately 36 percent of amount budgeted for defence pensions is on account of defence civilians. The Defence pension bill for 2015–2016 was 54,500 crores, including pension outlay for about 400,000 defence civilians, and about Rs1000 Crores on account of allowances and establishment of Ministry of Finance personnel attached to MOD. On an average a defence civilian pensioners cost five times lesser than military pensioner. The per capita expenditure on defence civilians is approximately Rs. 5.38 Lakhs annually, in comparison with 1.38 Lakhs a year for defence pensioners paid from the defence services estimates. The per capita bill on account of defence civilian pensioners is higher mainly because they serve longer, reach the highest grades in the pay scales, are eligible for One Rank, One Pension (OROP) pensions, and are and host of allowance].
Table: Defence pensions
Ratio military pensioners to serving personnel
The current ratio of military pensioners to serving military personnel is 1.7 to 1. In comparison, the ratio of civil pensioners to civil work force is 0.56 to 1. Reducing the ratio of pensioner to serving in the military will, it is argued, greatly reduce the defence pension bill. To reduce the military pension bill, the 6 CPC and Koshyari Committee, had urged the Government to absorb Armed Forces personnel after their military engagement in Civil Government organization including Police Organization as is the custom in many countries, including in China, and in advanced economies like S Korea, Singapore, Israel, Switzerland, and the United States.
The transfer and absorption of Armed Forces personnel after the end of their military service into government organizations and departments where their unique skills, training, discipline and strengths can be optimally used, despite recommendations of the Parliament and Pay Commission, has been mostly ignored by successive Governments, mainly on account of want bureaucratic commitment in MOD, and sustained obstruction by IPS bureaucrats in MHA.
Measures to reduce Armed Forces pension bill
Lateral move to civil organisations
Fifth Central Pay Commission (5 CPC)
The 5 CPC, in its report submitted in January 1997, recommended increase in posts for Armed Forces personnel in Group C and D in Central Armed Police Forces (CAPFs) from 10 percent to 25 percent. For Short Service Commissioned Officers, on completion of their military service, 5 CPC recommended earmarking 25 percent officer's post in the CAPFs. The intent of these recommendations was to reduce the defence pension bill, save on training and recruitment costs, provide trained manpower to government departments, and provide soldiers a second career after their term of military engagement.
The Pay Commission recommendations were, however, mostly ignored by the Janata Dal (United Front), and BJP Government of Atal Bihari Vajpayee that followed. Mulayam Singh Yadav, Defence Minister (1 June 1996 – 19 March 1998), Indrajit Gupta (Communist Party of India-United Front), Home Minister (29 June 1996 – 19 March 1998), and L K Advani (BJP), Home Minister (19 March 1998 – 22 May 2004) did little to implement these recommendations. The problem festered, and the pension bill ballooned.
Sixth Central Pay Commission (6 CPC)
The 6 CPC found that Indian Para Military Forces, called Central Armed Police Forces—CAPFs, which has a total strength of about 9,00,000 (2014), and defence civilians in Ministry of Defence, which had a strength of 4,00,000 [2014], have a combined annual intake of around 35,000 personnel; in comparison Armed Forces personnel (Army, Air Force, and Navy) pensioned off every year (in 1996) was approximately 40,000. The 6 CPC on the basis of its analysis concluded that "potential to allow lateral shift of nearly all Defence Forces personnel to CPOs and various cadres of defence civilians exists".
The 6 CPC recommended that in future posts in the "CPOs/defence civilian organisations" should be filled by lateral transfer of Armed Forces personnel, including Short Service Commissioned Officers, after they complete their term of military service. Improving the post military service prospects of Short Service Commissioned Officers finds a prominent place in the BJP manifesto 2014, a pledge on which the BJP has till to act.
The recommendation of 6 CPC on lateral movement, however, were mostly ignored by the Indian National Congress-(UPA) Government. A K Antony, the Defence Minister (24 October 2006 – 26 May 2014), at the time did little to follow up on these recommendations. P Chidambaram, Home Minister (30 November 2008 – 31 July 2012), the minister responsible for implementing the recommendations on lateral movement, according to the 6 CPC, resisted implementing these reforms which would result in savings of tens of thousands of crores. In the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) the resistance to these imminently sensible measures was from the civil and police bureaucracy, especially from the heads of Indian Para Military Forces, also called Central Armed Police Forces (CAPFs). The seven CAPFs are headed by officers from Indian Police Service. They have direct access to the Minister of Home Affairs, and were elevated by the UPA Government to apex pay grades, a grade higher than that of most Lt Generals, including those in command of Corps of the Indian Army.
Savings from lateral movement of Armed Forces personnel
The 6 CPC estimated that the "at the end of 13 years the annual savings" from transfer- absorption of Armed Forces personnel to civil departments, including police, "will be to the tune of 7,800 crore at constant price index". Lateral transfer- absorption, in the longer term result in savings in the overall pension bill, and would more than off set projected expenditure on OROP.
OROP Scheme
The, BJP Government, coming in power in mid 2014, after years of protracted protests by veterans, announced in September 2015 that it would implement One Rank One Pension or OROP. In February 2016, it issued orders to implement the scheme. However, the announced scheme failed to satisfy the leaders of the protest movement.
See also
One Rank One Pension Scheme
Rank Pay
Sixth Central Pay Commission
References
Military history of India
Ministry of Defence (India)
Military of India
Military pay and benefits
Pensions in India
Veterans' affairs in India
Joakim Karlsson may refer to:
Joakim Karlsson (kickboxer), Swedish kickboxer
Joakim Karlsson (footballer) (born 1989), Swedish footballer
Aksel Hennie (born 29 October 1975) is a Norwegian actor, director, and screenwriter. He is best known for his roles in the films Headhunters (2011), Hercules (2014), and The Martian (2015).
Early life
Hennie was born in the Lambertseter suburb of Oslo on 29 October 1975. In his late teens, he was arrested for graffitiing, and became an outcast in the graffiti community after confessing to the police. His "writes" or signatures were "Ceel" and "Mikro" and can still be seen around Oslo. Most of them are crossed out or lined over because of his confession. This personal story contributed much of the background for the film Uno. The conviction against Hennie was one of the first such cases in Norway.
Career
Hennie was admitted to the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre after applying four times. He graduated in 2001, and has acted both at Teatret Vårt in Molde (2001–2002) and at Oslo Nye Teater (since 2002), where he has been in plays such as Hamlet and Kvinnen Som Gifftet Seg Med en Kalkun (The Woman Who Married a Turkey).
Hennie's most notable success has been as a film actor. He made his debut starring in the feature film Jonny Vang in 2003. Although the director, Jens Lien, originally thought Hennie was too young for the role, the actor convinced him he was the right man for the film. That same year, he also acted in the films Buddy and Ulvesommer. The next year, Hennie made his debut as a director and writer with the film, Uno, in which he also acted. For this role, Hennie and his co-star, Nicolai Cleve Broch, undertook six months of hard physical training in order to perform convincingly as bodybuilders.
In 2001, Hennie was named "Theatre Talent of the Year" by the newspaper Dagbladet. Hennie won the Amanda Award (an important Norwegian film award), for "Best Direction" for Uno in 2005. That year he was among the nominees for "Best Actor" and "Best Film." He won an Amanda Award for "Best Actor" for Jonny Vang in 2003. He was named one of European film's "Shooting Stars" by the European Film Promotion in 2004.
In 2008, Hennie starred in Max Manus, where he played the Norwegian war hero of the same name. The film had a large budget by Norwegian standards. In 2011, Age of Heroes was released, a World War II film primarily shot in Norway. On 30 August 2013, Pionér, a docudrama, was released. Hennie plays the main role as a commercial offshore diver in the North Sea during the 1970s who witnesses an accident while diving under extreme conditions, prompting him to search for answers.
On 1 December 2013, Hennie won an Angela Award at the Subtitle European Film Festival in Kilkenny for his role in the film 90 Minutes. That evening he appeared at a showing of Headhunters, and did a question and answer session with the audience in the theatre after the film.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Norwegian male film actors
Norwegian male stage actors
Norwegian male voice actors
Oslo National Academy of the Arts alumni
Male actors from Oslo
Writers from Oslo
Norwegian film directors
21st-century Norwegian male actors
20th-century Norwegian male actors
Alick Athanaze (born 7 December 1998) is a Dominican cricketer. He made his List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 25 January 2017.
In November 2017, he was named in the West Indies squad for the 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. Following the West Indies' matches in the tournament, the International Cricket Council (ICC) named Athanaze as the rising star of the squad. He became the second batsman for the West Indies to score two centuries in one tournament, and finished as the competition's leading run-scorer, with 418 runs.
In June 2018, he was named in the Cricket West Indies B Team squad for the inaugural edition of the Global T20 Canada tournament.
He made his first-class debut for the Windward Islands in the 2018–19 Regional Four Day Competition on 6 December 2018. In October 2019, he was named in the Windward Islands' squad for the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Dominica cricketers
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Windward Islands cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Tampa Bay Automobile Museum, located in Pinellas Park, Florida in the Tampa Bay Area, displays historic automobiles from the 20th century. All of the vehicles displayed are from the collection of Alain Cerf, a French entrepreneur.
The collection is focused on cars which demonstrate special creativity and imagination in their history and engineering. This includes rare early front-wheel drive cars, Tatra rear engine cars, rear-engine Mercedes-Benz, Citroën cars, the only surviving car by French engineer Émile Claveau, and a unique working full-scale replica of the first self-propelled mechanical vehicle, the fardier of Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot.
Gallery
See also
List of automobile museums
List of transport museums
References
Automobile museums in Florida
Museums in Pinellas County, Florida
Tampa Bay area
The inaugural edition of the Mutual of Omaha Duel in the Pool took place on April 6, 2003, at the Indiana University Natatorium on the campus of IUPUI in Indianapolis. The event pitted the United States' top swimmers against those of Australia.
The event featured 26 races — four relay events and 22 individual races — in an Olympic-sized pool. There were 270 total points up for grabs in the event, with the U.S. smashing Australia in the end 196-74.
The event was broadcast in the United States by the NBC television network, who taped the event, then showed it over two days the next weekend on April 12 and April 13, 2003. Ted Robinson handled stroke-by-stroke duties, with Rowdy Gaines as the analyst. Craig Hummer was the poolside reporter and interviewer.
Event summary
The Australian team had many noticeable absences:
Ian Thorpe withdrew due to a serious illness;
Jodie Henry withdrew due to terrorism fears, as this was one of the first major international sporting events held on the heels of the beginning of the war in Iraq;
other notable missing Aussies were Michael Klim, Petria Thomas, Geoff Huegill, Giaan Rooney, Leisel Jones, and Ashley Callus.
Of the 26 events held, the U.S. won 21.
Results
Events are listed in chronological order.
WR=World Record; USOR=U.S. Open Record; AR=American Record
Phelps' world record in the 400 IM, the only one set that day, earned him a $25,000 bonus.
Reasons for DQs:
Libby Lenton had originally placed first in the Women's 50 m Free, but was stripped of the win because the judges said she false-started. A videotape review of the start, though, appeared to show that she didn't false-start; however, because FINA does not allow tape reviews, the DQ stood, though a FINA Technical Committee member told Lenton her race time would stand as an Australian record.
Duel in the Pool
Mutual of Omaha Duel in the Pool
2003 in American sports
The Trinbago Knight Riders are a women's cricket team that will compete in the Women's Caribbean Premier League and The 6ixty, representing Trinidad and Tobago. The formation of the team was announced in March 2022, aligned with the equivalent men's team, playing their first match in August 2022.
The team's first squad was announced in June 2022, with the side captained by Deandra Dottin. The side won the inaugural Women's Caribbean Premier League, beating Barbados Royals in the final.
History
On 14 March 2022, Cricket West Indies announced their intention to hold the first Women's Caribbean Premier League, to run alongside the men's tournament, which began in 2013. Trinbago Knight Riders were one of three teams announced to be taking part in the tournament, aligned with one of the men's teams. The team's squad was announced on 16 June 2022, with Deandra Dottin announced as captain of the team. The inaugural Women's Caribbean Premier League is scheduled to begin on 31 August 2022.
On 22 June 2022, it was announced that a T10 tournament would precede the Women's CPL, taking place from 24 to 28 August, known as The 6ixty and involving the three teams competing in the main tournament. The side topped the initial group stage in the inaugural edition of The 6ixty, but lost to Barbados Royals in the final by 15 runs. In the inaugural Women's Caribbean Premier League, the side topped the initial group stage before beating Barbados Royals in the final by 10 runs to win the competition.
Players
Current squad
As per 2022 season. Players in bold have international caps.
Seasons
The 6ixty
Women's Carribean Priemer League
See also
Trinbago Knight Riders
Trinidad and Tobago women's national cricket team
References
Cricket in Trinidad and Tobago
Women's Caribbean Premier League teams
Cricket clubs established in 2022
The New Zealand 1990 Commission was established on 3 December 1988 to initiate activities and events for celebrating the 150th anniversary of New Zealand as a nation, the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, 1000 years of known human habitation of New Zealand, and the 75th anniversary of the landing at Gallipoli.
The Commission was initially made up of 12 persons and the Minister of Internal Affairs, with the Minister as chairperson. Michael Bassett (the minister) appointed Don Hutchings to the position of CEO of the commission. Four regional offices were established in Auckland, Christchurch, Wellington and Dunedin.In order to fulfil its statutory functions the Commission had two major roles, that of an advisory body, and the body responsible for the distribution of funds for 1990 celebrations. There was an initiative to diversify New Zealand's imagery such as using the kotuku (white heron) instead of the kiwi or silver fern as its logo.
Committees were formed throughout New Zealand based on the then existing local boundary authorities. Community groups, organisations and individuals wishing to organise 1990 events worked with these committees who in turn liaised with the nearest 1990 office - Auckland, Christchurch, Wellington or Dunedin.
The New Zealand 1990 Commission encouraged participation and involvement of many New Zealanders in the 1990 celebrations. In doing so the Commission hoped to:
increase the understanding and awareness of the Treaty of Waitangi
increase awareness and understanding of alternative points of view and differing cultural backgrounds
to encourage planning and thinking for the next 50 years to lay a better foundation for the future
The Wellington office also had responsibility for advertising and communications for the New Zealand 1990 Commission. This included the coverage of events such as Queen Elizabeth II attending the 1990 celebrations at Waitangi, and television campaigns covering other celebratory events. The events began on New Year's Day 1990 with televised coverage of a dawn ceremony of a waka welcomed into Gisborne accompanied by song from Kiri te Kanawa. In February the successful launch was followed by the disastrous Sesqui 1990 fair in Wellington that shut down after just two weeks due to a lack of attendance with debts exceeding NZ$6.4 million.
The impact of the 1990 celebrations mostly were not lasting. However the first volume of the Dictionary of New Zealand Biography was launched (despite not initially being planned as a 1990 commemoration project) and an oral history project was started after a financial contribution from the Australian government. The New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame proved so popular however that it was made permanent. Initially based in Wellington it has been in Dunedin since 1999 and still uses the 1990 Commission logo in its branding.
See also
Sesqui 1990
1990 Commonwealth Games
Notes
References
1990 in New Zealand
1988 establishments in New Zealand
1990 disestablishments in New Zealand
Regional centennial anniversaries
1990 festivals
Zee Studio was an English television channel featuring Hollywood films. It was part of the wider Zee Network.
History
The channel was launched on 15 March 2000 as Zee Movies. In October 2000, Zee entered into a joint venture with MGM and the channel was rebranded as Zee MGM. After MGM was bought by Sony, the channel name was changed to Zee Movie Zone (ZMZ) on 1 October 2004. On 28 March 2005, as part of Zee Network's revamp, it was renamed Zee Studio. Anurag Bedi is the business head of Zee studio along with other niche channels part of the Zee bouquet. Its HD counterpart was launched on 15 August 2011.
The Zee Studio brand was discontinued on 31 May 2018, with &flix being the new English movie channel.
References
External links
Official website
Zee Network
Television stations in Mumbai
Movie channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2000
Zee Entertainment Enterprises
English-language television stations in India
Defunct television channels in India
Baya is a rural commune in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 128 square kilometers and includes the small towns of Kangaré and Dalabala, three villages and part of Lake Sélingué. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 33,519. The town of Kangaré, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, lies to the east of the Sélingué Dam, 52 km north of Yanfolila.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Fagui is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 504 square kilometers and includes 9 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 11,800. The village of Ziéna, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 45 km southwest of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Lieutenant-Colonel Harry Samuel Lewis Barclay (7 November 1892 – 20 April 1956) was an Australian-born army officer and sportsman who played first-class cricket and was a quarter-finalist at the 1925 Wimbledon Championships.
Military career
Having served as a captain in the 40th Battalion (Australia) in the First World War, he transferred to the Indian Army in 1917 and to the British Army's Royal Corps of Signals in 1927. He retired as a lieutenant-colonel in 1946.
Cricket
On 13 November 1926, Lewis-Barclay made his first-class debut, for Southern Punjab, against the touring Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) from England. The match was played in Lahore and Lewis-Barclay opened the bowling for Southern Punjab, claiming figures of 3-75, which included the wicket of the MCC captain Arthur Gilligan. After amassing 285 runs in the first innings, the MCC dismissed Southern Punjab for just 89 and enforced the follow-on. Southern Punjab were eight wickets down and still trailing the MCC when Lewis-Barclay came to the crease in the second innings. He made 14 not out and managed to save the match with number 11 Barkat Ali. On 18 November he made another first-class appearance against the MCC in Lahore, this time for Northern India. He had Test player Maurice Tate caught and bowled and again dismissed Gilligan, to finish with figures of 2–68 in the MCC's only innings. His other two first-class matches were played in 1928, for the British Army, against the Royal Air Force cricket team at Kennington Oval and the Royal Navy cricket team at Lord's.
Tennis
Lewis-Barclay competed at the Wimbledon Championships five times, in 1922, 1925, 1929, 1930 and 1931. He made the third round in 1922 but had his best performance in 1925, when he beat Theodore Mavrogordato, Monty Temple, Percival Davson and Henry Mayes, to make the quarter-finals, where he lost to eventual finalist Jean Borotra.
Death
Lewis-Barclay died 20 April 1956. He is buried at St Andrew's church, Totteridge, north London.
References
1892 births
1956 deaths
Australian cricketers
English cricketers
Northern India cricketers
Southern Punjab cricketers
British Army cricketers
English male tennis players
Australian emigrants to England
Cricketers from Tasmania
People from Tasmania
Australian Army officers
Australian military personnel of World War I
Indian Army personnel of World War I
British Indian Army officers
Royal Corps of Signals officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Australian expatriate sportspeople in India
British male tennis players
Cape Valentine is a cape on the northeast side of Gurkovska Cove forming the northeast extremity of Elephant Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. The name was in use by American and British sealers as early as 1822 and is now well established.
References
Valentine
Elephant Island
David Anthony Dougall Parry is a New Zealand biophysicist known for his work within the area of ultrastructure scleroprotein analysis. He is the former President of the International Union for Pure and Applied Biophysics and former Vice President of the International Council for Science (ICSU).
His awards include an ICI Prize (1981), Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand (1989), the Hercus Medal (2000), the Shorland Medal (2006), and the Rutherford Medal (2008). In the 2007 New Year Honours, he was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to biophysics.
Parry has a Bachelor of Science (1963) and a Doctor of Science (1982) from the University of London and a Doctor of Philosophy (1966) from King's College London. He was a Postdoctoral Fellow in the Protein Chemistry division at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in Melbourne, Australia from 1966 to 1969. From 1969 to 1971 he worked for the Children's Cancer Research Foundation in Boston, Massachusetts. Later he became a research scientist at the Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics at Oxford University from 1971 to 1973. He then worked for many years on the faculty of Massey University.
References
Sources
New Zealand Association of Scientists Shorland Medal 2006
Companions of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
Massey University faculty
New Zealand biologists
New Zealand physicists
Living people
Recipients of the Rutherford Medal
Alumni of King's College London
Year of birth missing (living people)
Biophysicists
Walter Stith (born January 2, 1983 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American football offensive tackle who played for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League. He was originally signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played collegiately at North Carolina A&T. Stith signed as a free agent with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League in May 2008. He was released in July 2009.
External links
Buffalo Bills Bio
North Carolina A&T Aggies Bio
BC Lions Bio
1983 births
Living people
American football offensive tackles
Players of American football from Atlanta
Cleveland Browns players
Buffalo Bills players
North Carolina A&T Aggies football players
The Owl Racer OR65-2 is a racing aircraft designed by George Owl in 1969 for use in Formula One Air Racing.
Development
The prototype was built by John Alford. A second example, G-AYMS named Ricochet was built by Farm Aviation in the United Kingdom and was first flown at Panshanger Aerodrome Hertfordshire by Squadron Leader M.A.Kelly on 13 April 1971. The aircraft was raced at North Weald Airfield on 31 May 1971 but crashed in the River Thames at Greenwich later that day following propeller failure.
Design
The OR65-2 is a single seat mid-wing aircraft with a bubble canopy and conventional landing gear. The tapered wing uses wood construction with plywood covering. The fuselage is constructed of steel tubing with fabric covering.
George Allen Owl, jr.
Born August 1, 1920, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians Reservation in North Carolina. BS Aeronautical Engineering, Parks Air College, East St. Louis, 1940. Engineer at Curtiss Wright, Aeronca, McDonnell Aircraft, North American Aviation, California. Projects included X-15, B-70, B-1, F108, F-14, F-15, Space Shuttle. Died December 18, 1981.
Operational history
Owl racers raced under the names Pogo, Fang, Ricochet and Yellow Peril. The first race of Pogo occurred in St. Louis with Bud Pedigo as pilot in 1969. Pilot Bud Pedigo clocked 208.90 mph, good for sixth place in an amazingly fast field of 13 racers. A few weeks later, at Reno, Pedigo raced into fifth place in the Formula One Championship Race at almost 204 mph.
One OR62-2 crashed in 1971 due to propeller failure, and another in 1975 due to a fuel system failure.
On display
An Owl racer is on display at the Pearson Air Museum at Vancouver-Pearson Field.
Specifications (OR65-2)
See also
Bibliography
Jackson. A.J., British Civil Aircraft since 1919, Volume 3, second edition, 1974, Putnam & Company Limited, London,
References
Homebuilt aircraft
Racing aircraft
Mid-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1959
Yuri Gutsatz, (born July 6, 1914 in St. Petersburg, Russia, died April 7, 2005 in Paris, France), was a perfumer. He emigrated to Berlin in 1924 and then to Paris in 1933 where he worked for the Parfums de Mury. After the Second World War, he was hired by Louis Amic at Roure Bertrand Fils and Justin Dupont (later merged in Givaudan). As a perfumer, he created many perfumes like Carven Chasse Gardée in 1950. and PM of Mary Quant. He participated in perfume projects for Ungaro and Estee Lauder as well as for Cartier, Dior and Van Cleef & Arpels. On December 12, 1975, he registered the trademark Le Jardin Retrouve and founded the first niche perfume house, a few months before the'Artisan Parfumeur (1976). Yuri Gutsatz was also a perfume critic and vice president of the Société Française des Parfumeurs, and one of the founders of Osmothèque- the perfume conservatory-, in 1990 with Jean Kerleo.
Biography
Fleeing the Russian Revolution of 1917, Yuri Gutsatz left Saint Petersburg for Berlin in 1924 before emigrating to Paris in 1933, where he joined Parfums de Mury. This company had bought the perfumes created by Paul Poiret. They asked Yuri Gutsatz to modernize 40 of the brand's fragrances, but when World War II begun, Yuri joined the Foreign Legion and the project never saw the light of the day. Three years later, Yuri Gutsatz was working in the free zone for the Société Française de Parfumerie in Marseille. He was then offered training in perfumery by Chiris, in Grasse, under the direction of Édouard Hache.
In 1945, he returned to Paris where he became Chief Perfumer at Roure Bertrand Fils et Justin Dupont, working with Louis Amic, the inventor of modern perfumery and owner of the company. Seven years later, in 1952, Maurice Lehmann, then director of the Paris Opera, gave him the task of perfuming the theater during Act 3 of Rameau's Indes Galantes (Ballet des Roses). The opera had a 3-year run in Paris.
In 1956, Yuri Gutsatz was sent by his employer to Bombay to set up a production factory for perfume ingredients in association with the Tata Group, for its perfumery wing, Industrial Perfumes. He lived in Bombay for six years after which he returned to France. At that period, he created the perfumes for its then subsidiary, the Lakmé brand, which was headed by Simone Tata.
Upon his return, he perceived the major changes that had taken place in the perfumery industry of the 1960s: the perfumer and his creativity were muzzled by the all-powerful marketing apparatus. The perfumer as an identity was no longer recognised, in contrast to the traditions of perfumery creation that existed between the 1920s and 1950s, that saw the development of the role of perfumers such as Ernest Beaux and Germaine Cellier. Yuri published several articles on this subject in the Bulletin of the Société Technique des Parfumeurs de France (which subsequently became La Société Française des Parfumeurs), among them is "Perfumer, your name is nobody" and in various other journals. Yuri Gutsatz decided to quit Roure, and registered his own brand, Le Jardin Retrouvé, on 12 December 1975.
The very first Niche Perfumery House was born. He conceived it as an articulation of his concepts on perfumery, creating perfumes of quality at affordable prices, using only the best raw materials available. Among the precursors of niche perfumery was also Jean Laporte, who founded the brand L'Artisan Parfumeur in 1976.
Yuri Gutsatz was named the editor of the Bulletin of La Société Française des Parfumeurs in 1976. He was also a perfume critic - the very first in the profession. In the inaugural issue, he wrote an article entitled "Maison rêvée de la parfumerie" (a dream house of perfumery), making him one of the originators of the Osmothèque. Yuri Gutsatz held the position of vice president of La Société Française des Parfumeurs from 1978 to 1986. In 1990, he participated in the classification of perfumes and the founding of the Osmothèque.
He died in Paris on 7 April 2005.
References
Perfumers
Businesspeople from Paris
1914 births
2005 deaths
Soviet emigrants to Germany
20th-century French inventors
German emigrants to France
Joshua Neil Farro (born September 29, 1987) is an American musician, best known as the former lead guitarist and backing vocalist for the rock band Paramore. He is currently pursuing his solo career as the lead vocalist and guitarist of his self-named band Farro. His debut solo album, Walkways, was released in 2016.
Early life
Farro was born in Voorhees Township, New Jersey, on September 29, 1987, the second-oldest of five siblings, including Paramore drummer Zac Farro. He is a self-taught guitarist and began playing when he was 13 years old. His family later moved to Franklin, Tennessee.
Career
Paramore (2004–2010)
Along with his younger brother Zac, Farro was a founding member of Paramore, serving as the band's lead guitarist and backing vocalist from 2004 until his exit in late 2010. Farro also co-wrote almost every track on Paramore's first three albums with Hayley Williams and occasionally Taylor York.
Departure and blog controversy
On December 21, 2010, a blog appeared online claiming to be an official exit statement from the Farro brothers. The blog entry refuted statements made by Paramore's official website regarding the brothers' departure and was heavily critical of Hayley Williams, her family, Atlantic Records, and Fueled by Ramen. Farro appeared in a video on YouTube claiming that the blog was genuine. The video was quickly removed for reported violations, but Farro re-uploaded it a few days later. Farro, a Christian, cited his and Williams' differing beliefs as a reason for departing Paramore.
In 2020, a person believed to be Farro made a post on his Facebook page comparing pedophilia and homosexuality, leading Williams to claim that his alleged homophobia was a cause for his departure from the group.
Novel American (2011–2014)
On February 2, 2011, Farro announced he had established a Twitter account for his new band, Novel American. The band included high school friends Van Beasley, Tyler Ward, and Ryan Clark, each formerly of the band Cecil Adora. Unlike in Paramore, Farro relegated himself to guitar in the new project, saying, "I never wanted to sing. My voice — and this is not false humility — is just not that good."
On February 22, 2011, the band announced Farro's brother Zac would replace Tyler Ward on drums. However, on May 23, 2014, Farro stated that he had scrapped the project entirely, primarily due to the lack of a suitable vocalist.
Farro (2014–present)
In May 2014, Farro announced on Twitter that he had scrapped his previous band, Novel American, because "nothing was going anywhere". Later that year, he announced the name of his solo project, Farro. His debut single, "Color Rush", was released in November 2014, with a music video appearing on YouTube. Farro released his debut album, Walkways, independently on February 5, 2016.
He announced a mini tour to support the album throughout the year. On May 19, 2017, he announced on Twitter that he is writing for his second album.
Personal life
Farro previously dated Paramore singer and bandmate Hayley Williams from 2004 to 2007, and later dated Tabitha Richards in 2009.
On April 3, 2010, Farro married fiancée Jenna Rice in Tennessee, missing Paramore's Pacific Rim tour to plan the nuptials. Their daughter, Basil James Farro, was born on January 28, 2018, and their son, Leon Joseph Farro, was born on May 22, 2020.
He has four siblings: Nate, Zac, Jonathan, and Isabelle. Farro currently resides in Nashville, Tennessee.
Other songs
He was one of three co-writers of the song "This Is Amazing Grace" along with Jeremy Riddle and Phil Wickham; the song is featured on both Bethel Music's (Bethel Church) live CD/DVD For the Sake of the World where Jeremy performed it, and on Phil Wickham's album The Ascension.
References
External links
Bio at Paramore.net
1987 births
Living people
American people of Italian descent
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
Lead guitarists
Singers from New Jersey
Paramore members
People from Voorhees Township, New Jersey
American male singers
Guitarists from New Jersey
21st-century American singers
American Christians
Nicole J. Georges (born 10 December 1981 in Kansas) is an American illustrator, writer, zinester, podcaster, and educator. She is well known for authoring the autobiographical comic zine Invincible Summer, whose individual issues have been collected into two anthologies published by Tugboat Press and Microcosm Publishing. Some of her other notable works include the graphic memoirs Calling Dr. Laura and Fetch: How a Bad Dog Brought Me Home. In addition to this, Georges creates comics and teaches others how to make them, produces the Podcast Sagittarian Matters, and illustrates portraits of animals. She currently divides her time between Los Angeles, California and Portland, Oregon.
Notable works
Zines and comics
Georges has been creating Invincible Summer since 2000, and has published 23 issues of the zine. It is an autobiographical diary comic that narrates the events of the period of her life following her move from Kansas to Portland at age 19. The work is largely a product of the excitement the artist felt toward multiple aspects of her new surroundings, from the "zine scene" the city offered to the "vegan food" it introduced her to. In the second edition of the first volume, Georges writes that the original name of the zine was "My Tooth Has Teeth," however, it was given its current name after the author was inspired by an Albert Camus quote that appeared on a bookmark she found in a thrift shop. Georges also notes that in Invincible Summer, she can see herself "growing up," and can "trace" different moments in her life as she was "figuring out how to live a little better all the time." Invincible Summer has a queer and feminist slant, and draws upon a variety of topics, some of which include a connection to animals, the importance of coffee intake, relationships with friends, family, and romantic interests, navigating the waters of creative pursuits, vegan cooking and recipes, and more.
The first eight issues of Invincible Summer were collected by Tugboat Press in 2004, with the addition of a second volume (issues 9-14) published in 2008 by Microcosm Publishing.
The artist also co-edited the zine Coffeeshop Crushes alongside Jon Van Oast. The publication has been described as a comical compilation of tales of romantic interactions that occur between servers and customers in coffee shops.
Georges is also a contributor to the zine Tell It Like It Tiz, a collection of stories, illustrations, and advice created as a result of the artist's work with senior citizens at the Marie Smith Center in Portland, Oregon.
Georges also creates diary comics and produces comic series. One such series, which Georges still continues to work on, is called Anonymous Fuzzball and depicts animals in group therapy settings, "delivering their own experience, strength, and hope."
Graphic novels
In January 2013, Georges' graphic memoir, Calling Dr. Laura, was released by Mariner Books. The novel depicts the events following the author's visit to a palm reader at age twenty-three, where she is told by the psychic there that her father is not actually dead like her family claimed years ago. In light of this news, the author is "sent into a tailspin about her identity," and endeavors to find out the truth, recounting the occurrences of her childhood and grappling with feelings of uncertainty. Eventually, Georges' sister reveals that her real father is still alive, but has been kept secret by other members of her family. At the same time, the author is navigating the waters of a new romance, and finds her only companion is a chicken named Mabel, so she decides to call a radio show host (Dr. Laura Schlessinger) for guidance. Calling Dr. Laura explores the themes of truth, secrecy, and family dynamics and is described as a "part coming-of-age story," "part coming-out story."
In July 2017, Georges released Fetch, a graphic memoir that focuses on the relationship between the author and her dog. Originally purchased by a sixteen-year-old Georges as a gift for her then-boyfriend Tom, Beija is a "dysfunctional shar-pei/corgi mix," that proves to be the "one constant" in the author's life for the next sixteen years. The work follows the lives and adventures of the steadfast companions as they age, encounter new experiences and individuals, and face numerous challenges alongside one another.
Collaborations
Georges' illustrations have been found in The Rock n Roll Camp for Girls (Chronicle Books), Food & Booze (Tin House Press), Baby Remember My Name (Carroll & Graf), It's So You (Seal Press), and Bitch magazine.
Additional creative projects
Georges also creates illustrations, portraits, calendars, and prints of animals. Primarily featuring cats and dogs, these works are both displayed and sold on her website and others.
Additionally, Georges has created and produced over 130 episodes of her podcast, Sagittarian Matters. The podcast is hosted by Georges and frequently welcomes guest interviews and co-hosts. The episodes are themed according to a wide variety of topics, with veganism, queer identity, feminism, pets, and cartooning remaining some of the most prevalent.
Influences and impact
Additionally, in Invincible Summer, Georges cites Lynda Barry and Lisa Carver as some of her favorite artists and authors.
Regarding her focus on illustrating animals, Georges has elaborated on the significant roles they have played as steadfast companions throughout her life. Consequently, much of her work seeks to reflect "the emotional life of animals," and one of her primary goals is to "help animals" through her art.
The creator emphasizes the importance of persistence and creating art "because you love it."
Teaching and extracurricular work
Teaching
Georges has been instructing others on creating zines, making comics, and self-publishing for more than a decade. She began teaching comic creation to homeless youth, but has since provided guidance to a variety of groups of individuals, from elementary schoolers to senior citizens. She has stated that through teaching, she aims to enable others to "tell stories through pictures"
She was also the 2016/2017 Donaldson Writer in Residency at the College of William & Mary in Virginia.
Involvement
Moreover, Georges is a co-founder of the Portland Zine Symposium, and an organizer of the Midwest Underground Media Symposium.
Furthermore, she has been involved with Portland's Independent Resource Center (IPRC), Writers In The Schools, The Right Brain Initiative, and Young Audiences of Oregon. She has also been volunteering with the Portland Rock and Roll Camp for Girls since its inception in 2001, and taught Homorobics, a punk exercise class, from 2008 to 2009.
Tours
In 2007, Georges traveled the country with Sister Spit: The Next Generation alongside Michelle Tea, Eileen Myles and Cristy Road, and toured with them again in 2010. She has also toured with Cassie J. Sneider, Microcosm Publishing, Fact or Fiction, and the Rock and Roll Camp for Girls (with Katy Davidson). Georges continues to tour today.
Critical reception
Georges was listed one of "Five Writers To Watch Out For" by the Lambda Literary Foundation, one of ten "Cartoonists Who Could Be the Next Dan Clowes" by Flavorwire, and one of eight "Worthy Successors to Alison Bechdel" by Flavorwire. Georges was named "Miss Specs Appeal 2006" by the zine Hey Four Eyes. In 2012, she also won the Sunburst Award for Excellence in Arts Education.
Georges' graphic novel Calling Dr. Laura won the Lambda Literary Award for LGBT Graphic Novel at the 26th Lambda Literary Awards in 2014. The work was also featured in Vanity Fair, USA Today, and named one of the "Best Books of Summer 2013" by Jezebel.com.
Moreover, the French translation of Calling Dr. Laura ("Allo, Dr. Laura?") was an official selection at the 2016 Angouleme International Comics Festival.
One of the author's other notable works, Fetch: How a Bad Dog Brought Me Home, was a Lambda Literary Award finalist, and the winner of two Oregon Book Awards for Best Graphic Novel and Reader's Choice.
Personal life
Georges identifies as queer and made a video of herself discussing her sexuality with her mother, with plans to publish it on YouTube.
According to the artist, some of her hobbies include singing, karaoke, cooking and sewing.
Notably, Georges also maintains that feminist causes are important to her. Not only has she stated that she is a proponent of "feminist voices and women supporting each other," but she also asserts that it is necessary to encourage people "to amplify their voices through self publishing, art, and music."
The artist has also been vegan since 1997, after making a New Year's Resolution to practice the lifestyle. As Georges has made known, she has always had an affinity for animals and desired to help them whenever possible. For her, veganism provides a "small, everyday way" to do so.
In October 2020, Georges married musician Kaia Wilson, the singer of queercore band Team Dresch. The two met at a karaoke night in 2006 at the Alibi Tiki Lounge in Portland.
References
External links
Nicole J. Georges on Zine Wiki
Video Profile on Etsy
Interview with Queerty
American women novelists
American women cartoonists
American female comics artists
American comics writers
American bloggers
American graphic novelists
Artists from Portland, Oregon
American women illustrators
American illustrators
Female comics writers
Living people
Lambda Literary Award winners
LGBT artists from the United States
LGBT people from Kansas
American LGBT novelists
LGBT comics creators
American lesbian writers
Lesbian artists
1981 births
American women bloggers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
LGBT memoirists
American cartoonists
Veganism activists
Begum Akhtar Jahan (born 1 July 1952) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician. She served as Jatiya Sangsad member representing the Reserved Women's Seat - 5. In 2019, she was awarded Begum Rokeya Padak by the Government of Bangladesh.
References
Living people
1952 births
People from Rajshahi District
Awami League politicians
Women members of the Jatiya Sangsad
10th Jatiya Sangsad members
Recipients of Begum Rokeya Padak
21st-century Bangladeshi women politicians
Aarathu Sinam () is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language crime thriller film written and directed by Arivazhagan and produced by Sri Thenandal Films. A remake of Jeethu Joseph's Malayalam film Memories (2013), the film stars Arulnithi, Aishwarya Rajesh and Aishwarya Dutta. Featuring music composed by Thaman and cinematography by Aravinnd Singh, the film began production during November 2015 and released in February 2016. Despite a positive critical reception, the film was an average grosser.
Plot
ACP Aravind was a daredevil police officer who is now off duty due to his drinking habits, which he engaged in after his wife Mia and child Meenu were murdered by criminals who wanted revenge. Aravind's supervisor requests him to proceed with a parallel investigation in a case involving the disappearance and possible kidnapping of several young married men, since the present police team is not able to make any progress in the case. Aravind refuses to this, but later, his mother requests him to. Aravind soon gets into the case files and consults the postmortem documents and the doctors who conducted it.
Soon, Aravind is seen making a breakthrough in the case. Another two kidnappings happen in the series, and all this leads to Aravind's rough conclusion of the murderer. The murderer is an eccentric person, has a limp in his feet, and either hates or loves women. The killer leaves certain clues inscribed by sharp surgical knives on the victims' chests. This serves Aravind's thinking of what kind of person the killer is and who his next target is. Upon careful examination of the words inscribed in the victims' bodies, Aravind uncovers that the words are actually Aramaic, the language that Jesus used for communication. The words are later found to point to biblical proverbs, thus helping Aravind lead to conclusions that the killer is insane and that he assumed the victims gave up their lives for the sins committed by their respective wives. He soon figures out that the wives of the kidnapped husbands have links and they all had to do with a guy who studied with them certain years back. There was absolutely no evidence of such a person.
During all these scenes, Aravind realizes that there is one last target, and the killer will not miss this, and he will disappear after that. He eventually finds out that the next target is his own brother, and his brother's wife is the last link in the connection. Aravind, with the help of his colleague and other evidences, finds out that the killer has a property. The film ends with Aravind using his presence of mind, apprehending the murderer and saving his brother's life. The story of this movie is adapted from Blake Pierce's novel Before He Kills.
Cast
Arulnithi as Aravind IPS, Assistant Commissioner of Police
Aishwarya Rajesh as Mia, Aravind's wife
Aishwarya Dutta as Varsha, Sub-Editor of Dinakaran
Chavi Sharma as Meenu, Aravind's daughter
Radha Ravi as Joint Commissioner of Police
Anupama Kumar as Saradha, Santhosh's sister
Gaurav Narayanan as Peter/Santhosh
Tulasi as Aravind's mother
R. N. R. Manohar as Minister
Robo Shankar as Assistant Commissioner Sarguna Pandian
Charle as Arokiya Raj
Ramesh Thilak as Taxi Driver
Bose Venkat as Correspondent Viswanathan
Aadhira as Valliammai
Hema Rajkumar as Vimala
Vineetha as Mrs. Mayilvahanan
Durga Deepthi as Mrs. Rahul
Ashritha Sreedas as Mrs. Rajesh
Dheeraj Vishnu Rathnam as Sekar
Sheela Rajkumar as Malar
George Maryan as Watchman
Mippu as Mechanic
Production
The collaboration of Sri Thenandal Films and Arivazhagan for the remake of Jeethu Joseph's Malayalam film Memories (2013) was first announced in August 2015 and the film began production in October. Titled Aarathu Sinam, the makers signed on Arulnithi to play the lead role and held discussions with actresses Nikki Galrani, Miya and Monal Gajjar, before signing on Aishwarya Rajesh and Aishwarya Dutta to play the lead roles. By late November 2015, the film was revealed to be 90% complete.
Release
The satellite rights of the film were sold to Sun TV.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack has only one song composed by S. Thaman with lyrics by Viveka.
Thanimaye — Vijay Yesudas
Critical reception
Rediff wrote "Director Arivazhagan's Aarathu Sinam is a decent crime thriller with plenty of exciting moments that make it worth a watch." Behindwoods wrote "
All that considered, Arivazhagan's Aarathu Sinam is definitely a progressive Tamil movie that deserves a watch for its sincere attempt at the less explored investigative crime thriller genre. Where Arivazhagan proves to be an effective director is at getting the job perfectly done from his technical team. His visual sense is brilliant and apt to suit the stories he selects" Sify cites "Remaking a Malayalam classic is definitely an arduous task. Memories is one of the finest crime thrillers made in Malayalam cinema and to be honest, Arivazhagan has successfully pulled it off to a very large extend. Overall, Aarathu Sinam is a decent investigation thriller, especially for audiences who haven't seen the original". Baradwaj Rangan of the Hindu wrote "Maybe something got lost in the translation, but there's no mood, no atmosphere, no white-knuckle tension in Aarathu Sinam. There's just plot. And big swatches of explanatory dialogue – people keep talking as though a switch went on, and they just won't stop. It isn't even conversation. It's just information."
References
External links
2016 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Films shot in Madurai
2016 crime thriller films
Films scored by Thaman S
Tamil remakes of Malayalam films
Fictional portrayals of the Tamil Nadu Police
Indian films about revenge
2010s police procedural films
Films about murder
Films about murderers
Indian nonlinear narrative films
Indian serial killer films
2010s serial killer films
Indian detective films
Indian mystery thriller films
Films set in Madurai
Films set in Theni
Indian crime thriller films
2010s mystery thriller films
Films directed by Arivazhagan Venkatachalam
Jens Scharping (born 16 July 1974) is a German former professional footballer who played as a striker. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with FC St. Pauli, as well as eight seasons in the 2. Bundesliga with St. Pauli, Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, VfB Lübeck, and Alemannia Aachen.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Footballers from Hamburg
German footballers
Association football forwards
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
FC St. Pauli players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
FC Eintracht Norderstedt 03 players
Lüneburger SK players
VfB Lübeck players
Alemannia Aachen players
Sambhu Lal Chakma is a Chakma singer and politician representing Chawmanu in the Tripura Legislative Assembly. He is the candidate of the BJP to win a seat for the party in the state.
References
1989 births
Living people
Indian Buddhists
Indian singers
Chakma people
Buddhist artists
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Tripura
St. François Xavier Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Port Louis, Port Louis District, Mauritius. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of AS Port-Louis 2000. The stadium holds 2,500 people.
References
External links
Stadiums in Mauritius
Football venues in Mauritius
Fredrik Carl Boije af Gennäs (7 July 1773, in Stralsund – 8 February 1857, in Stockholm) was a Swedish military officer, illustrator and author.
Biography
His father, Lord Fredrik Boije, Director General of the Royal Postal Agency. At the age of four, he was enrolled as a coronet with the . He was appointed a Lieutenant in 1789 and participated in all of the regiments campaigns. By 1815, he had achieved the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel and was appointed a Chamberlain the following year. He resigned from the service in 1820.
Eventually, he became more famous as a writer and artist. Among his books may be mentioned Riksdagshistoria från 1627–1823 med landtmarskalkarnas porträtt (Parliamentary History from 1627 to 1823 with Portraits of the Lord Marshals, 1825-27). He also published the Magasin för konst, nyheter och moder (Magazine for Art, News and Fashion), in twenty-six editions, from 1818 to 1844. It was the first fashion magazine in Sweden and one of the first few outside France. He created most of the illustrative etchings himself.
His Målare-lexikon til begagnande såsom handbok för konstidkare och taflesamlare (Painter's Lexicon for Use as Handbook for Artisans and Table Collectors , 1833) has also been very useful.
In his youth, he fell in love with Ulrika Hierta, from another noble family, who was ten years his senior. They were married when he was twenty-two. She died three years before him, at the age of ninety-one.
Many of his artistic works may be seen at the Nationalmuseum in Stockholm.
Other selected works
Samling af contur-teckningar, med en analytisk och critisk beskrifning öfver hvarje ämne (Collection of contour drawings, with an analytical and critical description of each subject), Boije & Wetterling. Stockholm, 1821-1823
Grundlig undervisning för fruntimmer at förfärdiga alla slags arbeten i papp, til nytta eller tidsfördrif.: Med planscher (Thorough instruction for women to complete short projects with cardboard, for practical use or as a pastime; with pictures), 1830
Prinsessans barnabok (The Princesses' Children's Book), 1835, Johan Carl Hebom, Stockholm
Sources
Biography @ the Svenskt biografiskt lexikon Biography from the Svenskt biografiskt handlexikon'' @ Projekt Runeberg
1773 births
1857 deaths
Swedish writers
Swedish artists
Swedish illustrators
Swedish magazine publishers (people)
People from Stralsund
Dąbie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately south of Prochowice, east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Ochiai Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 1747 km2. The dam impounds about 45 ha of land when full and can store 3872 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1925 and completed in 1926.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Nanling Township () is a township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 24,059 and an area of .
Administrative division
As of 2016, the township is divided into eight villages:
Huanghui ()
Mangnong ()
Mengbing ()
Xiananxian ()
Qianzhe ()
Mangfu ()
Mengkan ()
Mali ()
History
In 1940, it belonged to the 4th District and then the Daling Township ().
After the founding of the Communist State in 1949, Nanling District () was set up. During the Great Leap Forward, its name was changed to Wensheng Commune () in 1969 and then Nanling Commune () in 1971. It was incorporated as a township in 1988.
Geography
It lies at the central of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, bordering Zhutang Township to the west, Menglang Town to the southwest, Nuozhadu Town to the south, Fubang Township and Donghe Township to the north, and Qianliu Yi Ethnic Township to the east.
There are major four rivers and streams in the township, namely the Mangnong River (), Qianzhe River (), Mengkan River (), and the Black River ().
Economy
The economy is supported primarily by farming, ranching and forestry. Economic crops are mainly peanut, tea, fruit, and bean.
Demographics
As of 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township's population now to be 24,059.
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Enrique Domingo Cadícamo (Luján, Buenos Aires province, July 15, 1900 – Buenos Aires, December 3, 1999) was a prolific Argentine tango lyricist, poet and novelist. From an initial Symbolist bent, he developed a distinctive, lunfardo-rich style from an early age, and by 1925 he had his first piece, Pompas de jabón, sung by Carlos Gardel. Other notable compositions include Madame Ivonne, Che, papusa, oí, Anclado en París, Muñeca brava, Al Mundo le falta un Tornillo, Pa' que bailen los muchachos and Los mareados ("The dizzy ones"), originally titled Los dopados ("The doped ones"), about a couple that vows to get drunk after realizing their love is over.
Career
Also prolific as a writer, he published three volumes of lyrical poetry (Canciones grises, 1926; La luna del bajo fondo, 1940; and Viento que lleva y trae, 1945), three biographical and historical books (El debut de Gardel en París, La historia del tango en París and Mis memorias), some theatrical works (La epopeya del tango and La baba del diablo, both co-written with Félix Pelayo, and El romance de dos vagos in collaboration with Germán Ziclis) and the narrative pieces El cantor de Buenos Aires, with Alberto Ballerini, and Los cuentos de un príncipe with Martín Lemos. In 1936 he wrote and directed the film Noites Cariocas.
As a recognition to his career, he was declared Illustrious Citizen of the city of Buenos Aires in 1987, and Emeritus of Argentine Culture in 1996. He died at 99 from heart failure.
Los mareados has enjoyed several revivals; it has been part of Mercedes Sosa's repertoire since the 1980s, and was also covered by Roberto Goyeneche and Andrés Calamaro.
Another Cadícamo lyric, Por la vuelta ("[A toast] to [our] return") is a mirror image of Los mareados: two former lovers meet a year after splitting up, find that their mutual friendship has survived their estrangement, and agree to drink to that. Incidentally, the drink of choice in both stories is champagne.
Works
Books
Canciones Tristes
La Luna del Bajo Fondo
Viento que Lleva y Trae
"Historia del Tango en París
El otro Juan Carlos Cobián
Bajo el Signo del Tango
Theatre
Así nos Paga la Vida
La Baba del Diablo
El Romance de Dos Vagos
El Cantor de Buenos Aires
La Epopeya del Tango
Tangos
Los mareados
Por la vuelta
Nostalgias
Pompas de Jabón
Muñeca Brava
Vieja Recova
¡Che, papusa... Oí!
Madame Ivonne
Nunca tuvo novio
Notas de bandoneón
" El canto de Buenos Aires"
" La casita de mis viejos"
Films
The life of Carlos Gardel
Producer Martin Deluca scrimplay by
Enrique Cadicamo
Passport to Rio (1948)
External links
Biography
Cadícamo life work
Gardel 2008 film original screenplay by Enrique Cadicamo& Martin Deluca Adaptation & translation English by Martin Deluca
1900 births
1999 deaths
Argentine film directors
Tango poets
Argentine people of Calabrian descent
Argentine people of Italian descent
People from Luján, Buenos Aires
Burials at La Chacarita Cemetery
20th-century poets
Tango lyricists
20th-century Argentine male writers
Andrea Jo-Wei Liu is the Hepburn Professor of Physics at the University of Pennsylvania, where she holds a joint appointment in the Department of Chemistry. She is a theoretical physicist studying condensed matter physics and biophysics. She is particularly known for her study of jamming, a phenomenon in which disordered materials become rigid with increasing density and stress. She is a Simons Investigator and Simons Fellow in Theoretical Physics, fellow of the American Physical Society (APS), the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a member of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS).
Academic career
Liu graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1984, and earned a Ph.D. in 1989 from Cornell University under the supervision of Michael Fisher. After postdoctoral studies at Exxon and the University of California, Santa Barbara, she joined the faculty at the University of California, Los Angeles in 1993, and moved to the University of Pennsylvania in 2004. She became the Edmund J. and Louise W. Kahn Professor in the Natural Sciences in 2009, before becoming the Hepburn Professor in 2011.
Liu was the General Councilor of the American Physical Society (2017-2020). She served on the steering committees for a number of scientific organizations including the APS Board of Directors, the National Science Foundation (NSF) Committee of Visitors for the Division of Materials Research, the NAS Biophysics Decadal Study Committee, and the National Research Council (NRC) Condensed Matter and Materials Research Committee.
Research contributions
Liu is recognized for distinguished contributions in theoretical physics, particularly for demonstrating that slow relaxation in soft materials can be viewed within a common framework called jamming." She was one of the first scientists to uncover the structural and dynamical features of the jamming transition, a critical phase transition that marks the onset of rigidity in disordered packings. She has also resolved a longstanding question of how disordered solids flow by identifying "flow defects", or regions that are vulnerable to local rearrangement, analogous to dislocations in crystals.
According to Google Scholar, Liu's publications have received over 17,000 citations and her h-index is 63.
Awards and honors
Liu has received a significant number of awards and honors which include:
Election to the National Academy of Sciences (2017)
Simons Investigator in Theoretical Physics (2015)
Simons Fellow in Theoretical Physics (2013)
Fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science (2012)
Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (2010)
Fellow of the American Physical Society (2004)
UCLA Herbert Newby McCoy Award (2002)
UCLA Glenn Seaborg Award (2000)
National Science Foundation CAREER Award (1996)
Selected publications
Landes, F. P., Biroli G., Dauchot O., Liu, A. J., Reichman, D. R. Attractive versus truncated repulsive supercooled liquids: The dynamics is encoded in the pair correlation function. Physical Review E 101, 010602 (2020). DOI:10.1103/PhysRevE.101.010602
Sharp, T.A., Thomas S. L., Cubuk, E. D., Schoenholz, S. S., Srolovitz, D. J., Liu. A. J. Machine learning determination of atomic dynamics at grain boundaries. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA 115(43), 10943 (2018). DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1807176115
.
.
.
.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American physicists
American women physicists
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Cornell University alumni
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
American academics of Chinese descent
Simons Investigator
American women academics
21st-century American women
Fort Motte (Fort Motte Station) was developed first as Mt. Joseph Plantation; it was commandeered in 1780 by the British and fortified as a temporary military outpost in what is now South Carolina during the American Revolutionary War. It was significant for its military use as a depot for their convoys between Camden and Charleston, which they occupied. Located along the Congaree River, it is roughly 90–95 miles from Charleston by 21st-century roadways. The British had fortified the big house and surrounds, and it became known as Fort Motte, after Rebecca Brewton Motte, who had been occupying it with her family. During the Patriot Siege of Fort Motte, the plantation mansion was set on fire. The British surrendered at this site.
After the war, this site was considered for the capital of the newly formed state of South Carolina, before Columbia was chosen. Today Fort Motte is the name of an unincorporated village at the nearby crossroads of SH 419 and State Road S-9-13.
The former area of the plantation house and grounds is known as the Fort Motte Battlefield Site. Privately owned, it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
History
The Cherokee Path is nearby, long used by indigenous peoples for trading and travel. The first Anglo-European colonists in the area were Scots and English traders, who established trading posts with the Cherokee and other regional Native American tribes. Some posts were fortified as early forts in the colonial period. Amelia Town was established in this area about 1735.
Mt. Joseph Plantation was built in 1767 as an up-country estate by Miles Brewton of Charleston, near the confluence of the Congaree and Wateree rivers. A slave trader, he owned several ships and plantations. He became one of the wealthiest men in the province before he and his family died when lost at sea in 1775 on their way to Philadelphia for him to serve as a delegate at the Second Continental Congress.
His sister Rebecca Brewton Motte (1737-1815) inherited some of his property, including Mt. Joseph. She was widowed in 1780, when her husband Jacob died of illness. After the British appropriated the Miles Brewton House for their headquarters in Charleston, Motte left the city and moved to the relative safety of Mt. Joseph Plantation, 95 miles away.
They were living there when the British took over this property. After the military took over the mansion, the Motte family moved to the overseer's house. The British fortified the big house and its grounds.
A British garrison of regular, Hessian and Provincial forces occupied the plantation, using it as a depot for their convoys running between Camden and Charleston. Waterways were still the key as transportation routes. Mt. Joseph plantation was near a strategic river crossing of the Congaree River, which gave the British access to an important chain of transport from Charleston to points north and west.
By May 1781 the British had constructed wood and earth fortifications at Mt. Joseph: palisades (9' tall) and ramparts (10-11' wide), were faced with a 6' deep ditch in front. 20-30' from the ditch was a row of abatis. Defending the fortified mansion were 184 British regulars, Hessians, and Provincials under the command of Capt. Lt. Donald McPherson. It became known as Fort Motte, because it had been occupied by Rebecca Brewton Motte and her family. She had inherited it from her brother Miles Brewton after he died with his family at sea in 1775, on his way to the Second Continental Congress in Philadelphia.
General Francis "Swamp Fox" Marion and Colonel Henry Lee laid siege to the fortified site. Rebecca Motte became known for giving him arrows from East India which would ignite on impact. His forces shot flaming arrows into the roof to set it on fire and drove the British from it, and shot artillery to prevent soldiers from putting out the fire. Captain Lt. McPherson surrendered. "The British surrender of the fort alarmed Lord Rawdon and hastened his retreat from Camden to Charleston."
Miles Brewton and his family died at sea in 1775 as he was en route to Philadelphia after being elected to the second Provincial Congress.
His sister Rebecca Brewton Motte (1737-1815), widowed in 1780 when her husband Jacob died, later inherited her brother's estate and plantations, becoming more wealthy. She and her sister Frances jointly inherited the Miles Brewton House in Charleston. Motte had inherited Fairfield Plantation (Charleston County, South Carolina), which she and her husband had owned, and its more than 240 slaves, as well as their town house in Charleston.
The South Carolina Department of Archives and History, the South Carolina Library, and the University of South Carolina have the earliest extant maps for this area. When cultivation of short-staple cotton became profitable at the turn of the nineteenth century, after the invention of the cotton gin, this upland area was developed for cotton as a commodity crop. The battlefield site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, considered important because of the military and other history from 1750-1799.
References
External links
"Fort Motte Battle Site, Calhoun County (Address Restricted)", South Carolina Department of Archives and History
The Siege of Fort Motte
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Motte
Buildings and structures in Calhoun County, South Carolina
Motte
Motte
Motte
National Register of Historic Places in Calhoun County, South Carolina
Motte
American Revolution on the National Register of Historic Places
Magnaosimum is a genus of trematodes in the family Opecoelidae. It consists of one species, Magnaosimum brooksae Martin, Crouch, Cutmore & Cribb, 2018.
References
Opecoelidae
Plagiorchiida genera
Monotypic protostome genera
Marian Maksymiuk (25 March 1945 – 11 July 2019) was a Polish footballer who played as a midfielder.
Biography
Maksymiuk was born in Biała Podlaska, in USSR occupied territory which had been annexed from the Germany army the year prior. His family moved to Gdańsk, likely as a result of the Polish population transfers after the war. Maksymiuk started playing football from an early age, showing promising talent, and representing Poland in the under 16's and under 18's teams. He made his professional debut with Lechia Gdańsk on 6 September 1961 against Stal Mielec in the liga. He went on to make a total of 6 appearances in Poland's top division over the next two seasons, before Lechia suffered relegation to the II liga.
The next four years of his career with Lechia were spent in the second division. During this time he made 79 league appearances, scoring 7 goals, before Lechia were once again relegated at the end of the 1966–67 season. In the first three seasons of Lechia's time in the III liga, Maksymiuk made few appearances for the club, making a combined total of 20 appearances across these three seasons, but still made an impact within the club. In the 1968–69 season Maksymiuk made 12 appearances and scored 8 goals, being the clubs second highest goal scorer despite making so few appearances, while in the 1969–70 season, despite only making 6 appearances in the league that season, he finished as the clubs the highest goal scorer with 7 goals for the season. Lechia spent a total of five seasons in the III liga, with Maksymiuk making 65 appearances and scoring 22 goals during this perod. He was among the squad that won the 1971–72 III liga, and achieving promotion back to the II liga. He played a further full season before calling time on his playing career shortly after the start of the 1973–74 season. In total he made 175 appearances and scored 30 goals in all competitions for Lechia.
After his playing career Maksymiuk went into coaching, coaching the youth teams at Lechia, as well as other teams in the Pomeranian region as well, including at Pomezania Malbork. He died on 11 July 2019 in Gdańsk, with his funeral taking place on 17 July. He is buried in the Łostowice Cemetery.
Honours
Lechia Gdańsk
III liga (Poznań group): 1971–72
References
1945 births
2019 deaths
Lechia Gdańsk players
Polish footballers
Association football midfielders
People from Biała Podlaska
Kuşlar, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Evergas Management A/S is a Danish shipping company headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, active in the seaborne trade of liquefied natural gas (LNG), Ethane and liquefied petroleum gases (LPG).
Fleet
The company's six pressurized LPG carriers are capable of carrying petrochemical gases in 5.000 cbm tanks. Because the vessels are relatively small, they are mostly deployed on short haul trades.
Eight semi-refrigerated multi-gas carriers comprise the company's mid-sized fleet. The 27.500 cbm vessels can carry methane, LNG, ethylene and ethane, propane, and butane. The vessels have a total length overall (LOA) of 180 meters, and can sail burning gas or maritime fuel oil.[iv]
Two very large ethane carriers (VLECs) comprise the company's largest vessel class. These VLECs are compatible with ethylene and ethane as well as propane and butane cargoes. With 85.000 cbm capacity, the vessels are the largest purpose-built ethane carriers currently under operations. Evergas took delivery of the first VLEC in 2019 and has since then deployed the vessels on the US -China trade.
Structure
Evergas has offices in Denmark, Singapore, France and China. In total, the company employs 550 people. The company is managed by the chief operating officer, Steffen Jacobsen, who assumed his current position in 2015.
History
In 1883, Camillo Eitzen established the Eitzen Group, which operated steamships in its early days. With the acquisition of KIL shipping in 2001, Eitzen became a gas shipping company and entered the gas market with its subsidiary, Eitzen Gas. In 2004, Eitzen Gas expands its gas fleet by buying the company Gibson gas. In the same year Eitzen Gas entered the Ethylene segment through the acquisition of Bergensen's Igloo gas fleet. In 2006, Eitzen formed a joint venture with Norgas called the Eitzen Norgas Carrier Pool. Three years later, Eitzen established a joint venture with Solvang Ethylene. By then, Eitzen had become a gas shipowner. Since 2011, the company, formerly known as Eitzen Gas, has been re-named to Evergas and operates as a standalone entity. Today, Evergas is owned by Jaccar Holdings.
References
Shipping companies based in Copenhagen
Gas shipping companies
Danish companies established in 2011
Companies based in Copenhagen Municipality
Allison Iraheta (; born April 27, 1992) is an American singer from Los Angeles, California, who was the fourth place finalist on the eighth season of American Idol. Prior to Idol, Iraheta won the Telemundo competition Quinceañera: Mamá Quiero Ser Artista. Following the conclusion of Idol, Iraheta was signed to a record deal with 19 Entertainment and Jive Records. Her debut album Just Like You was released on December 1, 2009. She was also the lead singer of the band Halo Circus.
Biography
Iraheta was born in Glendale, California, to Salvadoran immigrants who moved to the United States before she was born. She is the youngest in the family, with two older siblings, Jacki and Carlos Iraheta. According to her family, she has been singing since she was a toddler. In 2001, she began taking voice lessons with Raphael Enriquez at the Los Angeles Music and Art School, a non-profit community school of the arts in East Los Angeles. Before rising to prominence, she was a frequent performer at the local Latin Electronics Store La Curaçao and the Los Angeles Music and Art School's annual benefit concert, Stars for the Arts. Iraheta attended Los Angeles' Animo Ralph Bunche Charter High School. Iraheta studied with performance coaches Pepper Jay and John Michael Ferrari from 2004 to 2009, and performed during that time with the "oldies" band, "Ferrari & Friends."
Quinceañera: Mamá Quiero Ser Artista (2006-2007)
In 2007, Iraheta won the reality show, "Quinceañera: Mama Quiero Ser Artista" (Sweet Fifteen: Mom, I Want to be an Artist), a reality TV singing competition that was produced and broadcast in 2006-2007 on Telemundo, where she sang in both English and Spanish.
On the show, a group of teenage girls such as Olivia Bonilla, Brissia Mayagoitia, and others of Latin background competed in a singing competition for the main prize of $50,000 and a record deal. Iraheta was the first (and only) winner of the competition and received the grand prize, but due to legal problems of the show the recording contract was never finalized and the production of the show was closed.
American Idol (2009)
Iraheta auditioned for the eighth season of American Idol in San Francisco in 2009. She sang "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman" by Aretha Franklin and made it to the Hollywood audition rounds. The judges unanimously agreed to put her through to the semifinals, with Simon Cowell saying "keep your eye on that one" and Paula Abdul predicting that Iraheta would be a "dark horse" in the competition.
Judges Simon Cowell and Randy Jackson declared Iraheta to be "one to watch in this competition" after her rendition of Heart's "Alone" during the semifinals. For her performance, Iraheta earned unanimous praise from the judges, with Abdul praising her for being able to "sing the telephone book". Iraheta was the top vote-getting female of Group 2 and, along with Kris Allen and Adam Lambert, advanced directly from the semifinals.
Iraheta kicked off her run in the finals with a well-received performance of Michael Jackson's "Give In to Me". Once again, Abdul praised Iraheta for being a "rock star," with the rest of the panel in agreement. The following week, Iraheta performed "Blame It On Your Heart" by Patty Loveless. Iraheta received rave reviews from the judges, but landed in the Bottom 3 for the first time. On Motown Night, Iraheta performed a cover of the Temptations' "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone". The performance earned a standing ovation from mentor Smokey Robinson, as well as further praise from the judges. DioGuardi enthusiastically lauded Iraheta for having a voice that "comes from God...you can't teach that! You sing like you've been singing for 400 years!"
On Top Downloads night, Iraheta performed No Doubt's "Don't Speak" while accompanying herself on the guitar and ended up in the Bottom 3 again. For her performance during Top 8 week, Iraheta sang Bonnie Raitt's "I Can't Make You Love Me", for which she received much acclaim. Jackson compared her to first season winner Kelly Clarkson, and DioGuardi commented, "You know what? Let's go make a record!" After covering "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" during Movie Night, Cowell boldly stated "We can see you all the way through the end now. You are the girls' only hope [of winning this competition.]" Abdul compared her to fellow contestant Adam Lambert, saying that the two possessed the same "special sauce."
During the second Top 7 Night (due to the judges' save of Matt Giraud), Iraheta performed a rock-infused version of Donna Summer's "Hot Stuff". Emerging on a glowing, red staircase, Iraheta was praised by Cowell for delivering "a brilliant performance". DioGuardi also praised Iraheta by saying, "That was like a 9–10 for me!" The following night, Iraheta again landed in the bottom 3 for the third time, and Lil Rounds was eliminated from the competition, leaving Iraheta as the last remaining female contestant. The next week, Iraheta performed a widely acclaimed cover of "Someone to Watch Over Me" as part of the Rat Pack theme. Jackson compared her vocal ability to Pink, "but with 9,000 more octaves", while DioGuardi remarked, "you converted some fans tonight... If that doesn't land you in the finals, I don't know what will!". During the subsequent results show, it was revealed that Iraheta was among the Top 2 vote-getters (along with Danny Gokey) for the night.
The following week, Iraheta performed a solo version of "Cry Baby" and closed the show with "Slow Ride", a duet with Adam Lambert. Regarding her performance of "Cry Baby", Cowell remarked that her growth throughout the competition was "staggering", and praised her for her "complete confidence and terrific vocals". Her duet of "Slow Ride" with Lambert received further praise from the judges, with DioGuardi describing her as a "rock goddess". Mentor Slash commented that Iraheta possessed a better voice than most women "twice her age".
On May 6, 2009, Iraheta was eliminated from the competition in 4th place. Slash tweeted that "Alison [sic] didn't deserve to be voted off AI so soon, she has amazing potential." Similarly, American Idol music director Rickey Minor was "absolutely shocked" at her departure.
Iraheta was saved first from elimination.
Due to the judges using their one save to save Matt Giraud, the Top 7 remained intact for another week.
Just Like You (2009-2012)
After her elimination, Iraheta made guest appearances on Live with Regis and Kelly, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien, Larry King Live, as well as local Fox television affiliates and numerous radio stations across the country. She performed on the Grand Finale of American Idol season 8, including a group medley of "So What" and a duet of "Time After Time" with original artist Cyndi Lauper.
On June 9, 2009, following weeks of speculation, it was officially confirmed that Iraheta had signed a record deal with Jive Records and 19 Recordings. Since Iraheta finished 4th place in American Idol season 8, she participated in American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009, performing "So What" by Pink, "Cry Baby" by Janis Joplin, "Barracuda" by Heart, and "Slow Ride" (with Adam Lambert) by Foghat. Iraheta also performed "Barracuda" by Heart on The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien on July 15, 2009 to promote the tour. In September 2009, Allison concluded the 50 city tour with her fellow Idol contestants, during which she began recording her debut album, Just Like You, under Jive Records, working with Kevin Rudolf, David Hodges, Tommy Henriksen and Max Martin
Iraheta's debut album was released December 1, 2009. The lead single "Friday I'll Be Over U", produced by Max Martin, debuted on October 5, 2009 and was made available through digital distribution on November 3, 2009. According to Rolling Stone, Jive expected Allison to sell 75,000 copies of her album in the first week. The album sold approximately 32,000 copies in its first week, debuting at number 35 on the Billboard 200 album chart. Approximately 7,000 of the copies sold in the first week were sold digitally, resulting in a debut at number 14 on the Billboard Digital Albums Chart. Allison's song "Pieces" was featured on the January 13th episode of American Idol. Allison performed her second single "Scars" on American Idol's Season 9 Top 24 results show on February 25, 2010.
In April 2010, it was announced Iraheta would be opening for Adam Lambert on his 2010 "GlamNation Tour". Allison and Australian guitarist Orianthi shared opening act duties on the initial North American leg of the tour. She performed songs from "Just Like You" for 71 of the 74 dates from June through September 2010. On the dates that included Orianthi, her typical set included "Holiday," "Scars/Don't Waste the Pretty" (with Orianthi usually playing lead guitar for the latter, as she does on the album), "Robot Love," a cover of Pat Benatar's "Heartbreaker" and "Friday I'll Be Over U." She would usually add three songs on the nights where she was the only opening act. On Orianthi's final appearance on the tour, Iraheta and her band came onstage, playing air guitar and sweeping up with brooms. For Iraheta's final date on the tour, September 21, 2010 in Puyallup, Washington, Adam Lambert and his dancers covered her with silly string and carried her offstage.
In a July 2010 interview with Beatweek Magazine Iraheta stated that she would be writing more material for her second album and that it would be much more 'personal'. She stated, "So I think I'm gonna get more personal when I start writing." Iraheta was dropped by record label Jive Records in September 2010, due to her debut album underperforming. She was also dropped from 19 Entertainment. She then began writing music for her second album. On March 1, 2012, one of Iraheta's new songs, titled "Self-Control", was featured in a video for Skaist-Taylor.
Halo Circus (2013-2019)
On January 3, 2013, Iraheta announced on her Twitter account that she had formed a new band called Halo Circus. The band consisted of Iraheta (vocals), Matthew Hager (bass, keyboards), David Immerman (guitars) and Valerie Franco (drums). The band marked a change of musical direction for Iraheta following a hiatus in 2012, a time which she used to "regroup, find herself and rediscover her voice." Halo Circus played their first gig at The Troubadour in West Hollywood, California on January 26, 2013. Iraheta eloped with bass player, Matthew Hager the next day, January 27, 2013. They played their second gig at Whisky a Go Go on April 17 and their third gig at the Hotel Café on May 21, 2013. On May 30, 2013, footage from their Hotel Café performance, along with an interview with Iraheta and Hager was featured on the NBC Latino website. In the interview, Hager said "Allison happens to be one of the finest vocalists I've ever heard on every level". In June 2013, drummer Valerie Franco left the band and was replaced by Veronica Bellino. In July 2013, the band signed a deal with the Manimal Vinyl label and released their first single, "Gone", via iTunes on October 8, 2013. On July 15, 2014, Halo Circus released their second single, a cover of Duran Duran's "Do You Believe in Shame?". This release was met to very positive reviews from critics, and was included in a Duran Duran tribute album, Making Patterns Rhyme. This was available digitally on October 24, 2014 and released on vinyl by Manimal Records on October 28, 2014. Their debut album, Bunny, was released on June 23, 2016. Between 2016 and 2018, the band toured small clubs in the US.
In March 2018, Halo Circus released their second album, Robots and Wranglers. On September 25, 2019, after an 8-month silence on social media, Iraheta announced on Facebook that Halo Circus would be disbanding due to her parting ways with Hager both professionally and personally.
Fuhm (2020-present)
Iraheta returned to music in October 2020 as a member of the three-piece band Fuhm, along with former Halo Circus members Matteo Eyia and Brian Stead. The band's first single, "Send Out the Clown", was released on October 16, 2020.
Backing band
Matthew Hager – bass, keyboards (2013–2019)
David Immerman – lead guitar, backing vocals (2009–2015)
Valerie Franco – drums, backing vocals (2009–2013)
Liz Anne Hill – bass, backing vocals (2010)
Gerry Mattei – keyboards, backing vocals (2010)
Brian Stead – lead guitar, backing vocals (2015–2018)
Veronica Bellino – drums, backing vocals (2013-2016)
Matteo Eyia – drums, backing vocals (2016)
Discography
Studio albums
Studio albums as a solo artist
Studio albums as lead singer of Halo Circus
Singles
Other charted songs
Music videos
Songs in other media
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official Website
Allison Iraheta at American Idol
1992 births
21st-century American singers
American people of Salvadoran descent
Hispanic and Latino American women singers
American child singers
American Idol participants
Women rock singers
Jive Records artists
Singers from California
Singing talent show winners
Spanish-language singers of the United States
19 Recordings artists
Living people
21st-century American women singers
Harold Keiser Levering (December 20, 1894 – September 15, 1967) was an American politician and a Republican member of the California State Assembly, representing District 60 from 1949 to 1963. He served as majority leader of the assembly in 1953. The Levering Act of 1950 is named after him.
References
1894 births
1967 deaths
Members of the California State Assembly
20th-century American politicians
United States Army personnel of World War II
California Republicans
William Andrews, D.D. was an Anglican priest and educationalist in Ireland.
Andrews was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was Headmaster of Kilkenny College from 1702 to 1714; and Archdeacon of Ossory from 1713 until 1736.
References
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Archdeacons of Ossory
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
18th-century Irish educators
Institució de les Lletres Catalanes (Institute of Catalan Letters) is a Spanish organization based in Barcelona. An entity of the Government of Catalonia, it was founded in 1937 by intellectuals who were loyal to the Republic during the Spanish Civil War. Its immediate predecessor was the Grup Sindical d'Escriptors Catalans (Association of Catalan Writers Group; 1936). The institute was initially set up in four sections:
Editions: Josep Carner, Carles Riba, Ernest Martínez Ferrando, Joan Oliver, Cèsar August Jordana
Journals: Antoni Rovira i Virgili, Jaume Serra i Húnter, Ferran Soldevila, Armand Obiols,
Internal relations: Josep Pous i Pagès, Jordi Rubió, Pere Coromines, Joaquim Ruyra, Josep M. Capdevila
External relations: Pompeu Fabra, Lluís Nicolau d'Olwer, Francesc Trabal, Gabriel Alomar
Since its re-founding in 1987, the institute's deans have been Jordi Sarsanedas (1988 – 1999), Feliu Formosa (1999 – 2001), Maria Antònia Oliver (2001 – 2004), Josep Maria Benet i Jornet (2004 – 2006), Josep Maria Castellet (2006 – 2010) i Francesc Parcerisas (2010 – fins a l'actualitat) i directors Oriol Pi de Cabanyes (1988 – 1996), Magdalena Oliver (1996 – 1998), Francesc Parcerisas (1998 – 2004), Jaume Subirana (2004 – 2006), Oriol Izquierdo (2007 – 2013), Laura Borràs Castanyer (2013 – 2018), Joan-Elies Adell (2018 – 2019), Oriol Ponsatí-Murla (2019- today). In 2012, the institute celebrated its 75th anniversary with a retrospective exhibition at the Palau Moja in Barcelona.
References
External links
Official website (In Catalan)
1937 establishments in Spain
Research institutes in Catalonia
Linguistics organizations
Organisations based in Barcelona
Politics of Catalonia
Articles containing video clips
Missirikoro is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 132 square kilometers and includes 9 small villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 2007. The village of Missirikoro, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 12 km southwest of Sikasso.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Codfish Bowl is an annual Division III college ice hockey mid-season tournament. It is the oldest tournament operating at the D-III level and the second oldest extant tournament for any level of play.
History
In 1965 Boston State head coach Eddie Barry, looking for a lower-division answer to the Beanpot, founded the tournament with the help of athletic director Gus Sullivan. The series was used as a showcase for the smaller schools in college hockey and was absorbed by the program at Massachusetts–Boston when the two schools merged in 1982.
The tournament began before the NCAA instituted numerican divisions, but in 1973 it switched from College Division to Division II, where Boston State played. After the merger, UMB jumped up to D-II, allowing the tournament to remain at that level. In 1984, virtually all Division II schools dropped down to Division III, which is where the tournament has been played ever since.
The tournament was typically held before the New Year's Day, however, in recent years the championship has occurred both before and after January 1st. This results in some years having two tournaments and others having none.
Yearly results
References
1965 establishments in Massachusetts
Recurring sporting events established in 1965
Ice hockey in Boston
UMass–Boston Beacons
College ice hockey tournaments in the United States
Çukurca is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The 2013 Bavaria–Rundfahrt was the 34th edition of the Bavaria–Rundfahrt, an annual cycling road race. Departing from on 22 May, it concluded on 26 May. The stage race was part of the 2013 UCI Europe Tour, and was rated as a 2.HC event.
Stages
Stage 1
22 May 2013 – Pfaffenhofen an der Ilm to Mühldorf,
Stage 2
23 May 2013 – Mühldorf to Viechtach,
Stage 3
24 May 2013 – Viechtach to Kelheim,
Stage 4
25 May 2013 – Schierling, individual time trial (ITT)
Stage 5
26 May 2013 – Kelheim to Nuremberg,
Classification leadership
General Classification
References
External links
Bayern
Bayern-Rundfahrt
2013 in German sport
The 1967 British League season was the 33rd season of the top tier of speedway in the United Kingdom and the third season known as the British League.
Summary
The league was made up of the same 19 teams that competed in the previous year. Swindon Robins led by the world champion Barry Briggs won their first top tier league title but were pushed all the way by Coventry Bees and West Ham Hammers. Swindon finished with four riders with averages over eight, Briggs topped the entire league with 11.05 but the contributions from Martin Ashby (8.83), Bob Kilby (8.61) and Mike Broadbank (8.55) were pivotal in the Swindon's success. Coventry Bees gained some consolation for finishing runner-up two seasons running by winning the Knockout Cup.
Final table
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points
Leading Riders by Average
Knockout Cup
The cup was won by Coventry Bees.
Teams
Belle Vue Aces
Coventry Bees
Cradley Heath
Edinburgh Monarchs
Exeter Falcons
Glasgow Tigers
Hackney Hawks
Halifax Dukes
King's Lynn Stars
+ (+ rode under the name of Kid Brodie)
Long Eaton Archers
Newcastle Diamonds
Newport Wasps
Oxford Cheetahs
Poole Pirates
Sheffield Tigers
Swindon Robins
West Ham Hammers
+ (+ rode under the name Tyburn Gallows)
Wimbledon Dons
Wolverhampton Wolves
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
Knockout Cup (speedway)
References
British League
1967 in British motorsport
1967 in speedway
Below is a list of commercial banks in Ghana, as of March 2020.
Banks
Absa Bank Ghana Limited
Access Bank Ghana Plc
Agricultural Development Bank of Ghana
Bank of Africa Ghana Limited
CalBank Limited
Consolidated Bank Ghana Limited
Ecobank Ghana Limited
FBN Bank Ghana Limited
Fidelity Bank Ghana Limited
First Atlantic Bank Limited
First National Bank Ghana
GCB Bank Limited
Guaranty Trust Bank Ghana Limited
National Investment Bank Limited
OmniBSIC Bank Ghana Limited
Prudential Bank Limited
Republic Bank Ghana Limited
Société Générale Ghana Limited
Stanbic Bank Ghana Limited
Standard Chartered Bank Ghana Limited
United Bank for Africa Ghana Limited
Universal Merchant Bank Limited
Zenith Bank Ghana Limited.
Banks with representative offices only
These banks maintain only representative offices in Ghana.
Citibank
Exim Bank of Korea
Ghana International Bank Plc
Other banks
Below is a list of other banks in Ghana as at June 2022.
ARB Apex Bank Limited
Development Bank of Ghana
See also
List of banks in Africa
Economy of Ghana
Bank of Ghana
References
External links
Website of Bank of Ghana
Changing Profiles of Ghanaian Commercial Banks As of 6 December 2011.
Banks
Ghana
Ghana
Digital Mums is a private education organisation founded by Co-CEOs Nikki Cochrane and Kathryn Tyler in late 2013. The organisation is based in the UK and upskills mothers in practical digital skills. The organisation directs its focus on providing part-time, online courses that help equip graduates with job-ready skills so they can create flexible freelance careers. 10% of all their profits go into a Community Interest Company that funds women from low-income backgrounds to be able to do their training.
History
Digital Mums began in 2013 as a social media marketing agency in Hackney, London founded by Kathryn Tyler and Nikki Cochrane. After the founders read a report by the Fawcett Society that found fiscal measures taken to reduce net public spending in the UK would have a disproportionate effect on women, it evolved into a training organisation focused on upskilling mothers. In 2014 they received £50,000 of seed investment money from The Big Issue Invest to support their efforts. In March 2016 the company raised £285,000 in private equity and social investment funding to further scale the business.
In October 2016 the Co-Founders were jointly awarded Red Magazine's Woman of the Year award in recognition of Digital Mums' contribution to reducing maternal discrimination in the UK.
Course Offerings
Digital Mums offers immersive, vocational courses in social media marketing lasting six and 12 months. Their courses are completed remotely and online, and incorporate real-life projects to get students job-ready.
Digital Mums has been accredited by the CPD Standards Office. They also offer Professional Career Development Loans through the UK government's Skills Funding Agency, to help students in need of financial assistance fund their learning.
Campaigns
Digital Mums has initiated several national campaigns supporting a number of causes related to flexible working and parenting.
In February 2016, they launched a campaign in response to the controversial Motherhood Challenge, a Facebook campaign where mothers posted photos of themselves with their kids and tagged other women who they thought to be ‘awesome' mothers. Their hashtag campaign #RealMumMoments was a bid to show “motherhood is never perfect and far from easy” by providing a humorous spin on the Motherhood Challenge.
In September 2016, they produced a report in conjunction with the Centre for Economic and Business Research to look into the flexible working landscape for mothers in the UK. They found “...more than two thirds of stay-at-home mothers with young children would go back to work if flexible working was an option." They launched their #WorkThatWorks Movement in response to these figures as a way of opening up conversations around flexible working to support their drive to help mothers find rewarding careers that fit their skills and family life.
In July 2017, the organisation launched their second campaign under the #WorkThatWorks Movement called #CleanUpTheFWord, which aimed to change the negative perception of flexible working. The campaign focused on new research conducted with YouGov that showed 7 in 10 UK employees want flexible work but over half fear it would be viewed negatively by their employer. They petitioned the UK government to change its definition of flexible working from "a way of working that suits an employee's needs" to one that focuses on the benefits to employers too. Their campaign attracted the attention of the Equalities and Human Rights Commission who they worked with on a new definition for flexible working.
References
2013 establishments in the United Kingdom
Educational organisations based in the United Kingdom
Information technology organisations based in the United Kingdom
Women in computing
Women's organisations based in the United Kingdom
Judith Wiesner won in the final 6–3, 6–7, 6–1 against Barbara Paulus.
Seeds
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
Conchita Martínez (first round)
Barbara Paulus (final)
Isabel Cueto (quarterfinals)
Sandra Cecchini (second round)
Bettina Fulco (first round)
Judith Wiesner (champion)
Sandra Wasserman (first round)
Neige Dias (first round)
Draw
External links
1989 Arcachon Cup Draw
Arcachon Cup
1989 WTA Tour
Mosaad Megahed (born December 10, 1956 in Alexandria, Egypt) is a German specialist in skin and genital diseases as well as dermatohistology. He is professor and senior physician at the Clinic for Dermatology and Allergology of the University Hospital Aachen. His main focus areas are general dermatology, dermatopathology, autoimmune and hereditary blistering diseases, skin cancer as well as immunological inflammatory skin diseases like atopic dermatitis, collagen diseases, vitiligo and urticaria.
Biography
After Megahed had finished his studies in medicine, he was a resident in the department of Dermatology and Allergology at the University Hospital of the University of Düsseldorf with Gerd Plewig. In 1990 he was recognized as a specialist in skin and genital diseases and one year later he received the additional title allergology. In 1991 Megahed went to the University of Glasgow to join the research team of Rona MacKie. He returned to the University Dermatologic Hospital Düsseldorf as senior physician in the same year. In 1994 he achieved his doctorate in medicine. From 1994 until 1996 Megahed had been completing a research stay at the Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia with Jouni Uitto. During that time, he also continued his training in dermatohistology with Bernie Ackerman at the same university. In 1996 he habilitated and received the teaching license at the University of Düsseldorf, where he has been working as professor and senior physician until 2005. In 2005 Megahed changed to the University RWTH Aachen, where he has been professor and senior physician until today. Since 2006, Megahed has the additional title Dermahistology. He also is working as an examiner at the Medical Association North Rhine-Westphalia.
Scientific contribution
During his research stay at the Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia, Megahed and his colleagues identified and cloned a new gene in humans and mice. They named the gene LAD and its produced protein Ladinin (LAD1). The entire sequence of this gene and its protein are registered in the GenBank under the numbers U42408, O00515 U58994, and U58011.
In 2002 Megahed and his research team showed through immunohistochemistry, that in some cases the tumor melanoma in situ lies deeper in the skin as initially assumed and these cases may metastasize.
In 2005 Megahed published his monograph about blistering diseases of the skin and mucous membranes.
In 2008 Megahed cooperated with research teams from different universities and they discovered a new disease with skin alterations, immunodeficiency and RAG mutation.
In 2014 a doctoral student of Megahed's team could show, that the tumor volume of the melanoma plays a role in the melanoma prognosis.
Since several years Megahed has been focusing on pathogenesis of therapy resistances in some cases of melanoma and is cooperating with research teams in the USA.
Awards
In 2003 Megahed and his colleagues received the K.G. Steigleder-Price for the best work on dermahistology by the working group Dermatological Histology (ADH).
Memberships in scientific organizations
Megahed is a member of the German Dermatological Society, German Research Foundation and German Working Group for Dermatohistology, and the European Society of Dermatopathology.
Publications
Books
M. Megahed: Histopathology of Blistering Diseases: With Clinical, Electron Microscopic, Immunological and Molecular Biological Correlations. Springer Verlag, Berlin/ Heidelberg 2004, .
Articles
Megahed published more than 280 articles in scientific journals (April 2016).
List of publications ResearchGate
List of publications Pubmed
References
German dermatologists
1956 births
Living people
Egyptian emigrants to Germany
Bayet may refer to:
People
Albert Bayet (born 1880), French sociologist
Charles Bayet (1849–1918), French historian
Hugues Bayet, Belgian politician
Jean Bayet (1892–1969), French Latinist
Jean-Baptiste Annibal Aubert du Bayet (1759–1797), French general and politician
Lucy Bayet, Australian fashion model
Places
Bayet, Allier, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France
Bayet Peak, Antarctica
R v Darrach, [2000] 2 SCR 443, 2000 SCC 46, is a case decided by the Supreme Court of Canada on the constitutionality of the Criminal Code'''s "rape shield law". The Court upheld the law.
Background
In 1994, Andrew Darrach, an Ottawa resident, was charged with sexually assaulting his ex-girlfriend. At trial, he attempted to introduce evidence of his ex-girlfriend's sexual history. A voir dire, required under the rape shield law in section 276 of the Criminal Code to consider whether the evidence is admissible, was carried out. The judge refused to admit the evidence after Darrach refused to be cross-examined on his affidavit. Darrach was sentenced to nine months in jail. An initial appeal was dismissed by the Court of Appeal for Ontario. The case was then appealed to the Supreme Court.
Darrach argued he was denied a fair trial because he was unable to present evidence that he mistakenly believed that the ex-girlfriend had consented. He also argued that his right to silence and right against self-incrimination were violated by the requirement to testify at the voir dire.
Opinion of the Court
Gonthier J, writing for a unanimous Court, upheld the Criminal Code provisions. He found that requiring the complainant to testify would be unnecessarily invasive and would discourage victims from reporting such incidents.
Gonthier also found that Darrach's right to avoid self-incrimination was not infringed by the requirement for him to testify regarding his voir dire affidavit, because the accused made the voluntary decision to have the voir dire carried out. The decision to have the voir dire, and by extension the requirement to submit an affidavit and accept cross-examination, was voluntarily made by Darrach. Any testimony at the voir dire'' would have solely been to determine the admissibility of the evidence Darrach wished to submit, and would have been unusable in the trial itself.
References
External links
Darrach
Darrach
Darrach
Rape in Canada
Canadian criminal case law
Diphosphagermylenes are a class of compounds containing a divalent germanium atom bound to two phosphorus atoms. While these compounds resemble diamidocarbenes, such as N-heterocyclic carbenes (NHC), diphosphagermylenes display bonding characteristics distinct from those of diamidocarbenes. In contrast to NHC compounds, in which there is effective N-C p(π)-p(π) overlap between the lone pairs of planar nitrogens and an empty p-orbital of a carbene, systems containing P-Ge p(π)-p(π) overlap are rare. Until 2014, the geometry of phosphorus atoms in all previously reported diphosphatetrylenes are pyramidal, with minimal P-Ge p(π)-p(π) interaction. It has been suggested that the lack of p(π)-p(π) in Ge-P bonds is due to the high energetic barrier associated with achieving a planar configuration at phosphorus, which would allow for efficient p(π)-p(π) overlap between the phosphorus lone pair and the empty P orbital of Ge. The resulting lack of π stabilization contributes to the difficulty associated with isolating diphosphagermylene and the Ge-P double bonds. However, utilization of sterically encumbering phosphorus centers has allowed for the isolation of diphosphagermylenes with a planar phosphorus center with a significant P-Ge p(π)-p(π) interaction.
Preparation of diphosphagermylenes
Synthesis of P-Ge σ-only diphosphagermylenes
Reactivity of sterically demanding lithium (fluorosilyl)silylphosphanides with GeI2 yields green, cubic crystals in moderate yield. The identity of this species was investigated using only multinuclear NMR, elemental analysis, and UV-vis. Computational calculations (at the CIS level with the ab initio Los Alamos pseudopotential method (LAN L 1 DZ)) of the diphosphagermylene electronic structure was in agreement experimentally-derived electronic transition values. Due to disorder, the crystal structure of the diphosphagermylene could not be investigated.
Synthesis of P-Ge π-stabilized diphosphagermylenes
The sterically encumbered germylene ligand (Dipp)2PH, where Dipp=2,6-iPr2C6H3, was synthesized by the addition of PCl3 to DippLi-(OEt2), followed by the addition of LiAlH4. (Dipp)2PH was added to PhCH2K, which is combined with GeCl2 to provide (Dipp2P)2Ge. The synthesis resulted in dark red crystals suitable for x-ray crystallography. The identity of the compound was confirmed by elemental analysis, multinuclear NMR, and x-ray crystallography. This compound is stable in the absence of air and water.
Structure
P-Ge σ-only system: Driess's diphosphagermylene
While crystals were formed of Driess's diphosphagermylene, the X-ray structure diphosphagermylene could not be analyzed due to disordering. It has been suggested that the three lone pairs in Driess's diphosphagermylene system are composed of Ge (4s, 4p) and P (3s, 3p) valence orbitals. Driess calculated (MP2/DZ+POL//RHF/DZ+ZPE) the reaction profile for the isomerization of E(PH2)2 (E = Si, Ge, Sn, Pb) from a σ-only, carbene-like system to a tautomer containing trivalent E with a π bond between E and phosphorus. The authors observed that the carbene-like form is preferred over its tautomer for silicon, germanium, tin, and lead analogues.
P-Ge p(π)-p(π) Stabilized Systems: ((Dipp)2P)2Ge and ((Tripp)2P)2Ge
P-substituted heavier group 14 analogues (Si, Ge, Sn, Pb) of diaminocarbenes are less established. It has been suggested this is due to a high energetic barrier associated with achieving a planar configuration at phosphorus, which would enable p(π)-p(π) overlap between the P lone pair and the empty p orbital of the group 14 center. Differences in donation ability of phosphorus versus nitrogen likely do not play a role in achieving p(π)-p(π) overlap because calculations indicate that the π donor capacity of phosphorus is similar to that of nitrogen. Consequently, all P atoms in reports on diphosphatetrylenes previous to ((Dipp)2P)2Ge contain pyramidal P with Ge-P bonds of exclusively σ character. By utilizing sterically encumbered (Dipp)P ligands, p(π)-p(π) in diphosphagermylene was achieved. This compound crystallizes as discrete monomers and is the first crystallographically characterized diphosphagermylene with a two-coordinate Ge center.
By crystal structure analysis, the bond lengths of the two germanium-phosphorus bonds are 2.2337 Å (P1-Ge) and 2.3823 Å (P2-Ge). While the phosphorus center of P1-Ge is pyramidal, the P2-Ge phosphorus is trigonal planar. Moreover, the planes of P1-Ge-P2 and C-P1-Ge are nearly in coincident. These results are consistent with multiple bond character between a trigonal planar phosphorus (P1) and Ge. It has been suggested that only one P of the diphosphagermylene is planar because there is competition between the two phosphorus lone pairs and the empty P orbitals at the Ge center if both phosphorus atoms are planar. This would result in a weaker P-Ge interaction that would not be sufficient to overcome the energy of planarizing both P atoms.
In addition, ((Dipp)2P)2Ge was modified such that an iPr groups was added to the para position of (Dipp)2P, to make (Tripp)2P. The donating effect of an additional iPr group has little effect on the bonding and structure of the diphosphagermylene.
Solution and solid state nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR)
A single, broad singlet is observed at 3.2 ppm at room temperature in the solution state phosphorus nuclear magnetic resonance (PNMR) of ((Dipp)2P)2Ge. This signal is consistent with rapid exchange between the planar and pyramidal phosphorus centers. As the temperature is reduced to -80 C, the signal becomes two broad, equal intensity singlets at -42.0 ppm and 8.0.
Two peaks with isotropic chemical shifts of 81.9 and -61.6 ppm, in a 1:1 ratio are observed in the solid state PNMR. No other signals are observed in the PNMR. In general diphosphagermylenes with pyramidal phosphorus centers exhibit a chemical shift close to those of free phosphine. In addition, planar phosphorus centers of GeIV=P compounds generally have a downfield PNMR shift. Consequently, peaks at 81.9 and -61.6 ppm have been assigned as planar and pyramidal phosphorus centers of ((Dipp)2P)2Ge, respectively. This has been supported by DFT calculations that predict PNMR shifts of planar and pyramidal phosphorus centers of ((Dipp)2P)2Ge are at 100 and -61 ppm.
Natural bond orbital (NBO) analysis
Natural bond orbital analysis has been carried out on the P-Ge p(π)-p(π) system, ((Dipp)2P)2Ge. Inspection of the molecular orbitals reveals that the HOMO-1 consists of a π orbital, resulting from donation from the planar P lone pair into the empty P orbital of the germylene center. Natural bond orbital analysis reveals that this bond is 77% P-based and 0.3 eV higher in energy than the P-Ge σ bond. In contrast, the lone pair of the pyramidal phosphorus center is essentially sp hybridized and directed away from the germanium center. The germanium lone pair is predominantly s-character. Wiberg bond indices for Ge-P1 and Ge-P2 bonds are 1.33 and 0.89, respectively, which is consistent with a double bond between Ge-P1 and a single bond between Ge-P2.
Atoms in molecules (AIM) analysis
Atoms in molecules analysis of ((Dipp)2P)2Ge suggests that there is a double bond between P1-Ge. Bond order can be assessed by measuring the ellipticity, a measure of anisotropic electron density, at the bond critical point. For example, butane, ethylene, and ethyne have a bond ellipticity of 0.01, 0.30, and 0.00 respectively, which correspond to a single, double, and a triple bond. A bond critical point between P1-Ge with ρ=0.091 and ellipticity 0.297 was observed in ((Dipp)2P)2Ge, consistent with a double bond. . This contrasts ρ=0.083 and ellipticity 0.064 at the bond critical point of P2-Ge in ((Dipp)2P)2Ge. Delocalization index (DI) was also used to predict the bond order of ((Dipp)2P)2Ge. DI values for P1-Ge and P2-Ge were determined to be 1.275 and 0.843, consistent with a P1-Ge double bond and Wiberg bond indices calculated.
References
Germanium(II) compounds
Phosphines
Functional groups
Anguillicolidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Spirurida.
Genera:
Anguillicola Yamaguti, 1935
Anguillicoloides Moravec & Taraschewski, 1988
Molnaria
Skrjabilanus
References
Nematodes
Iyibkhentre was an ancient Egyptian or Nubian ruler who most likely reigned at the end of the 11th and beginning of the 12th Dynasty.
Biography
He could have been a pretender to the Egyptian throne headquartered in Lower Nubia, during the politically sensitive period within the reign of Mentuhotep IV of the 11th Dynasty and the early reign of Amenemhat I of the 12th Dynasty. In fact, both those rulers seem to have had problems in being universally recognized as legitimate pharaohs.
Hungarian Egyptologist László Török suggested a much more recent dating for Iyibkhentre (as well as for the other related rulers mentioned below), some time after the reign of pharaoh Neferhotep I of the 13th Dynasty (Second Intermediate Period).
Iyibkhentre adopted the pharaonic royal titulary, although only the Horus name and the Throne name are known from rock inscriptions at Abu Hor, Mediq and Toshka, all in Lower Nubia.
Like Iyibkhentre, two other rulers based in Nubia, Segerseni and Qakare Ini, likely were pretenders to the Egyptian throne, but the eventual relationships among the trio are unknown.
References
Henri Gauthier, "Nouvelles remarques sur la XIe dynastie", BIFAO 9 (1911), pp. 99–136.
20th-century BC Pharaohs
People of the Eleventh Dynasty of Egypt
People of the Twelfth Dynasty of Egypt
Non-dynastic pharaohs
20th-century BC rulers
History of Nubia
Kaleüçağız, Demre is a village in the District of Demre, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Demre District
Many organizations, parties and guerrilla groups were involved in the Iranian Revolution. Some were part of Ayatollah Khomeini's network and supported the theocratic Islamic Republic movement, while others did not and were suppressed when Khomeini took power. Some groups were created after the fall of the Pahlavi Dynasty and still survive; others helped overthrow the Shah but no longer exist.
Prerevolutionary opposition groups
Before the Iranian Revolution, opposition groups tended to fall into three major categories: constitutionalist, Marxist, and Islamist.
Constitutionalists, including National Front (Iran), wanted to revive constitutional monarchy including free elections. Without elections or outlets for peaceful political activity though, they had lost their relevance and had little following.
Marxists groups were primarily guerrilla groups working to defeat the Pahlavi regime by assassination and armed struggle. They were illegal and heavily suppressed by the SAVAK internal security apparatus. They included the Tudeh Party of Iran; the Organization of Iranian People's Fedai Guerrillas (OIPFG) and the breakaway Iranian People's Fedai Guerrillas (IPFG), two armed organizations; and some minor groups. Although they played an important part in the revolution, they never developed a large base of support.
Islamists were divided into several groups. The Freedom Movement of Iran was formed by religious members of the National Front of Iran. It also was a constitutional group and wanted to use lawful political methods against the Shah. This movement comprised Bazargan and Taleqani. The People's Mujahedin of Iran was a quasi-Marxist armed organization that opposed the influence of the clergy and later fought the Islamic government. Individual writers and speakers like Ali Shariati and Morteza Morahhari did important work outside of these parties and groups.
The Islamist groups that ultimately prevailed were the loyal followers of Ayatollah Khomeini. They included some minor armed Islamist groups which joined together after the revolution in the Mojahedin of the Islamic Revolution Organization. The Coalition of Islamic Societies was founded by religious bazaaris (traditional merchants). The Combatant Clergy Association comprised Morteza Motahhari, Ayatollah Mohammad Beheshti, Mohammad-Javad Bahonar, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Mofatteh who later became the major governors of Islamic Republic. They used a cultural approach to fight the Shah.
Because of internal repression, opposition groups abroad, like the Confederation of Iranian students, the foreign branch of Freedom Movement of Iran and the Islamic association of students, were important to the revolution.
Khomeinist revolutionary groups and bodies
Revolutionary Council
The "Revolutionary Council" was formed by Khomeini to manage the revolution on 12 January 1979, shortly before he returned to Iran. Its existence was kept a secret during the early, less secure time of the revolution. Rafsanjani says Ayatollah Khomeini chose Beheshti, Motahhari, Rafsanjani, Bahonar and Musavi Ardabili as members. These invited others to serve: Bazargan, Taleqani, Khamenei, Banisadr, Mahdavi Kani, Yadollah Sahabi, Katirayee, Ahmad Sadr Haj Seyed Javadi, Qarani and Ali Asqr Masoodi. This council suggested Mahdi Bazargan as the prime minister of the temporary government of Khomeini, and he accepted it.
After the revolution took power, the council became a legislative body issuing decrees until the formation of first parliament on 12 August 1980. The laws passed by this council were recognized as legitimate in the Islamic republic of Iran.
The Provisional Revolutionary Government
The Provisional Revolutionary Government or "Interim Government of Iran" (1979–1980) was the first government established in Iran following the overthrow of the monarchy. It was formed by order of Ayatollah Khomeini on February 4, 1979, while Shapour Bakhtiar (the Shah's last Prime Minister) was still claiming power.
Ayatollah Khomeini appointed Bazargan as the prime minister of "The Provisional Revolutionary Government" on February 4, 1979. According to his commandment:
"Mr. Engineer Bazargan, Based on the proposal of the Revolutionary Council, in accordance with the sharia based rights and legal rights which are both originated from the decisive and closely unanimous votes of Iranian nation for leadership of the movement, which in turn has been expressed in the vast gatherings and wide and numerous demonstrations throughout Iran and by virtue of my trust on your firm belief in the holy tenets of Islam ... I appoint you the authority to establish the interim government ... for the formation of a temporary government to arrange the affairs of the country and especially a national referendum vote about turning the country into an Islamic republic, ... All public offices, the army, and citizens shall furnish their utmost cooperation with your interim government so as to attain the high and holy goals of this Islamic revolution and to restore order and function to the affairs of the nation. I pray to God for the success of you and your interim government at this sensitive juncture of our nation's history.'' Ruhollah Al-Musavi al-Khomeini
Elaborating further on his decree, Khomeini made it clear Iranians were commanded to obey Bazargan and that this was a religious duty.
As a man who, though the guardianship [Velayat] that I have from the holy lawgiver [the Prophet], I hereby pronounce Bazargan as the Ruler, and since I have appointed him, he must be obeyed. The nation must obey him. This is not an ordinary government. It is a government based on the sharia. Opposing this government means opposing the sharia of Islam ... Revolt against God's government is a revolt against God. Revolt against God is blasphemy.
Mehdi Bazargan introduced his 7-member cabinet on February 14, 1979, three days after victory day when the army announced its neutrality in conflicts between Khomeini's and Bakhtiar's supporters. Bakhtiar resigned on the same day, February 11.
The PRG is often described as "subordinate" to the Revolutionary Council, and having had difficulties reigning in the numerous komitehs which were competing with its authority
Prime Minister Bazargan resigned and his government fell after American Embassy officials were taken hostage on November 4, 1979. Power then passed into the hands of the Revolutionary Council. Bazargan had been a supporter of the original revolutionary draft constitution rather than theocracy by Islamic jurist, and his resignation was received by Khomeini without complaint, saying "Mr. Bazargan ... was a little tired and preferred to stay on the sidelines for a while." Khomeini later described his appointment of Bazargan as a "mistake."
The Committees of Islamic Revolution
The first komitehs "sprang up everywhere" as autonomous organizations in late 1978. Organized in mosques, schools and workplaces, they mobilized people, organized strikes and demonstrations, and distributed scarce commodities. After February 12, many of the 300,000 rifles and sub-machine guns seized from military arsenals ended up with the committees who confiscated property and arrested those they believed to be counter-revolutionaries. In Tehran alone there were 1500 committees. Inevitably there was conflict between the committees and the other sources of authority, particularly the Provisional Government.
To deal with this, on February 12, the committees of the Islamic revolution were charged with gathering weapons, organizing the armed revolutionaries, and generally fighting chaos in the wake of the collapse of the police and weakness of the army. Khomeini put Ayatollah Mahdavi Kani in charge of the komiteh. They also served as "the eyes and ears" of the new regime, and are credited by critics with "many arbitrary arrests, executions and confiscations of property". In the summer of 1979, the komitehs were purged to eradicate the influence of the leftist guerrilla movements that had infiltrated them. In 1991 they were merged with the conventional police in a new organisation known as the Niruha-ye Entezami (Forces of Order).
Islamic Republic Party
The Islamic Republic Party was started by Khomeini lieutenant Seyyed Mohammad Hosseini Beheshti and the Coalition of Islamic Societies within a few days of the Khomeini's arrival in Iran. It was made up of the Mojahedin of the Islamic Revolution (OMIR), merchants of the bazaar and "a large segment of the politically active clergy." It "operated on every level of society, from government offices to almost all city quarters..." and worked to establish theocratic government by velayat-e faqih in Iran outmaneuvering opponents and wielding power on the street through the Hezbollah.
The party achieved a large majority in the first parliament but clashed with first president, Banisadr, who was not a member of the party. Banisadr supporters were suppressed and Banisadr impeached and removed from office June 21, 1981. A campaign of terror against the IRP followed, mounted by the guerrilla group MEK. On the 28 June 1981, a bombing of the office of the Islamic Republic Party by People's Mujahedin of Iran resulted in the death of around 70 high-ranking officials, cabinet members and members of parliament, including Mohammad Beheshti, the secretary-general of the party and head of the Islamic Party's judicial system. Mohammad-Javad Bahonar then became the secretary-general of the party, but was in turn assassinated on September 2. Because of these events and other assassinations the Islamic Party was weakened in 1981. It was dissolved in 1987.
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps
The Revolutionary Guard or Pasdaran-e Enqelab, was established by a decree issued by Khomeini on May 5, 1979 "to protect the revolution from destructive forces and counter-revolutionaries," i.e., as a counterweight both to the armed groups of the left, and to the Iranian military, which had been part of the Shah's power base. 6,000 persons were initially enlisted and trained, but the guard eventually grew into "a full-scale" military force "with air force and navy branches". Its work involves both conventional military duties, helping Islamic forces abroad, such as Hezbollah in Lebanon, and internal security, such as the suppression of narcotics trafficking, riots by the discontented, and unIslamic behavior by members of the public. It has been described as "without a doubt the strongest institution of the revolution"
Basij
"Oppressed mobilization" or Baseej-e Mostaz'afin was founded at the command of Khomeini in 1980, to be organized by the Revolutionary Guard. Its purpose was to mobilize volunteers of many skills — doctors, engineers, but primarily to mobilize those too old or young to serve in other bodies. Basij (also Baseej) often provided security, and helped police and the army. Baseej were also used to attack opposition demonstrators and ransack opposition newspaper offices, who were believed to be enemies of the revolution.
Hezbollahi
The Hezbollahi, or members of the Party of God, were the "strong-arm thugs" who attacked demonstrators and offices of newspapers critical of Khomeini, and later a wider variety of activities found to be undesirable for "moral" or "cultural" reasons. Hezbollah is/was not a tightly structured independent organisation but more a movement of loosely bound groups usually centered around a mosque. Although in the early days of the revolution Khomeinists—those in the Islamic Republican Party—denied connection to Hezbollah, maintaining its attacks were the spontaneous will of the people over which the government had no control, in fact Hezbollah was supervised by "a young protegee of Khomeini," Hojjat al-Islam Hadi Ghaffari.
Jihad of Construction
Assembly of Experts of Constitution
The seventy-three-member Assembly of Experts for Constitution was elected in the summer of 1979 to write a new constitution for the Islamic Republic. The Assembly was originally conceived of as a way expediting the draft constitution which Khomeini supporters had started working when Khomeini was still in exile, but which leftists found too conservative and wanted to make major changes to. Ironically, it was the Assembly that made major changes, instituting principles of theocracy by velayat-e faqih, adding on a faqih Supreme Leader, and increasing the power and clerical character of the Council of Guardians which could veto un-Islamic legislation. The new constitution was opposed by some clerics, including Ayatollah Shariatmadari, and secularists who urged a boycott. It was approved by referendum on December 2 and 3, 1979, by over 98 percent of the vote.
Post-revolutionary parties and movements
Muslim Student Followers of the Imam's Line
Muslim Student Followers of the Imam's Line was a group of student supporters of Khomeini that occupied the U.S. embassy in Tehran on 4 November 1979 after the ex-Shah of Iran was admitted to the United States for cancer treatment. Although the students later said they did not expect to occupy the embassy for long, their action received official support and triggered the Iran hostage crisis where 52 American diplomats were held hostage for 444 days.
Ansar-e Hezbollah
Ansar-e-Hezbollah (, ) is a militant ultraconservative Islamist group in Iran. Along with the Basij, they are said to "represent a key element of the Islamic Republic's hold on power, its use of violent repression" of dissident gatherings. Its ideology revolves around devotion to Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and his belief in Valiyat al-faqih and elimination of foreign non-Islamic influences.
See also
The Interim Government of Iran
Background and causes of the Iranian Revolution
Guerrilla groups of Iran
References and notes
Albin Lundin (born March 15, 1996) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Timrå IK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Lundin made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Djurgårdens IF Hockey during the 2014–15 SHL season. He has also played for Skellefteå AIK.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Almtuna IS players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Skellefteå AIK players
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Timrå IK players
Reginald Ernest Roy Schilling (30 August 1896 – 7 May 1979) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Bendigo to blacksmith Frederick William Carl Schilling and Isabella Cameron. He attended state schools and became a law clerk in 1910, studying at night school and Melbourne University before qualifying as a solicitor. He served with the Australian Recruit Depot Battalion in 1918, and in 1925 was called to the bar. Around 1929 he married Iris Gwendoline Colthurst, with whom he had a daughter, Marlene, born in Melbourne in 1934. During World War II he served in the Royal Australian Air Force, and after the war he returned to university, qualifying for his BA and LLB. In 1947 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Albert Park, but he was defeated in 1950. A supporter of Thomas Hollway, he ran as an Electoral Reform League candidate in 1952, but had returned to the Liberal Party by 1958. Schilling died in Elsternwick in 1979.
References
1896 births
1979 deaths
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
20th-century Australian politicians
Callaway Stadium is a football/soccer stadium located in LaGrange, Georgia. It was built in 1958 by Callaway Foundation and is used by the Troup County High School, LaGrange High School, and Callaway High School football and soccer teams, as well as the LaGrange College Fighting Red Panthers football team. The facilities are also used by the football teams of the three public middle schools in Troup County as well. Despite its age, the stadium had FieldTurf installed in 2004 and a more advanced scoreboard installed in 2008. Its capacity is roughly 5,000 people all day long and has a press box on the home side.
On May 20, 2009, Callaway Stadium announced plans to renovate, including plans to add 1,200 new seats.
GHSA Football Championship Game Results at Callaway Stadium
December 12, 1958 (Class AAA) LaGrange 26, Decatur 12
December 10, 1983 (Class AAAA) Tift County 59, LaGrange 6
December 4, 2004 (Class AAA) LaGrange 17, Washington County 6
References
External links
Callaway Stadium at TroupFootball.com
Directions to Callaway Stadium :: LaGrange College
Football Photo Gallery :: LaGrange College
Sports venues completed in 1958
College football venues
High school football venues in the United States
Soccer venues in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures in Troup County, Georgia
Sports venues in Georgia (U.S. state)
LaGrange College
American football venues in Georgia (U.S. state)
1958 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
SV St. Ingbert is a German association football club from the city of St. Ingbert, Saarland. The club is a successor to Fußball Club Viktoria St. Ingbert established 19 August 1909. Viktoria was joined by FC Bavaria St. Ingbert in 1917. In 1937, a number of local sides were merged to form Verein für Leibesübungen St. Ingbert.
The club was re-established following World War II in 1945 as Sportverein St. Ingbert in what was the French-administered Saar Protectorate. Part of the membership left on 7 August 1948 to form 1. FC St. Ingbert which was renamed on 5 March 1950 to FC Viktoria 09 St. Ingbert and remains active today.
History
Although still considered part of Germany, the Saar Protectorate was subject after the war to attempts to make it part of France or create a separate country there until it was re-united with Germany following a 1955 plebiscite. This was manifested in football through the establishment of a league structure separate from Germany's German Football Association (Deutsche Fussball Bund), the appearance of the region's top sides in French competition, and the formation of a national side that took part in qualification play for the 1954 FIFA World Cup.
A first division football circuit known as the Ehrenliga made up of German clubs was established in the Saarland in 1948 and was active through to the end of the 1950–51 season when the state's regional football competition was re-integrated with Germany's as the Amateurliga Saarland. During this period SV rose out of the Bewährungsklasse Saar, Gruppe Ost to play in the final Ehrenliga season before continuing on in the now third tier Amateurliga. Club footballer Heinz Vollmar was capped four times in 1955 and 1956 as part of Saarland's short-lived national side.
In 1956, following their Amateurliga championship the previous season, St. Ingbert moved up to the 2. Oberliga Südwest. They claimed a title there in 1957 and were again promoted, this time to the top-flight Oberliga Südwest. Their stay in the first division was brief as they were immediately relegated. The club played second-tier football until slipping to the Amateurliga Saarland (III) in 1964 where they would compete for most of the next decade and a half. St. Ingbert took part in the opening rounds of the national amateur championship in 1965, 1967 and 1969.
They fielded strong sides throughout the 1960s, but their performance fell off in the 1970s as they became a lower table club and spent two seasons in the fourth tier. The only bright spot was a 1974 Amateurliga title claimed in 1974 and another appearance in the first round of the national amateur championship. SV were relegated again in 1979, to the Verbandsliga Saarland (IV), and by 1983 had fallen all the way to the Bezirksliga Saarland (VI). The club made its only appearance in play for the DFB-Pokal (German Cup) in 1988 and went out in the opening round to Union Solingen.
Over the next two decades St. Ingbert was an elevator club moving frequently up and down between divisions. By 2008, they had slipped to the Kreisliga Ostsaar (IX), Staffel Höcherberg where they earned a second-place result in 2006–07, before winning the league the year after and moving up to Bezirksliga (VIII) play. After a title in the Landesliga in 2013 the club moved up to the Verbandsliga, now the seventh tier, in 2013 where it plays today.
Honours
Bewährungsklasse Saarland
Champions: 1950
Amateurliga Saarland (III)
Champions: 1955, 1974
2. Oberliga Südwest (II)
Champions: 1957
Bezirksliga Saarland (VII)
Champions: 1983, 1998
Landesliga Saarland (VI)
Champions: 1984, 1999, 2013
Notable players
Striker Heinz Vollmar was capped for the short-lived Saarland national side and scored four goals in his four appearances. He later represented West Germany, earning another dozen caps and scoring three goals.
External links
Official team site
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables (in German)
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Saarland
Association football clubs established in 1945
1945 establishments in Germany
Neaspilota appendiculata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Neaspilota of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
United States.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1986
Diptera of North America
Rémi Pété (born 21 September 1987) is a French male canoeist who won medals at senior level at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships.
He won a Wildwater Canoeing World Cup in K1.
References
External links
Rémi Pété at LesSports.info
1987 births
Living people
French male canoeists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine (PPSV)—known as Pneumovax 23 (PPV-23)—is the first pneumococcal vaccine derived from a capsular polysaccharide. Its development is an important landmark in medical history. The polysaccharide antigens were used to induce type-specific antibodies that enhanced opsonization, phagocytosis, and killing of Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcal) bacteria by phagocytic immune cells. The pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine is widely used in high-risk adults. As a result, there have been important reductions in the incidence, morbidity, and mortality from invasive pneumococcal disease.
First used in 1945, the tetravalent vaccine was not widely distributed, since its deployment coincided with the discovery of penicillin. In the 1970s, Robert Austrian championed the manufacture and distribution of a 14-valent PPSV. This evolved in 1983, to a 23-valent formulation (PPSV23). A significant breakthrough affecting the burden of pneumococcal disease was the licensing of a protein conjugate heptavalent vaccine (PCV7) beginning in February 2000.
Medical uses
In the United States, PPSV is recommended for adults 65 years of age or older, adults with serious long-term health problems, smokers, and children older than two years with serious long-term health problems, affording protection for five years or more. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommendations are similar. The WHO does not recommend use of PPSV in routine childhood immunization programs. The recommendations in the UK are similar, but include people with occupational hazards.
Pneumococcal vaccine may be beneficial to control exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
PPSV is important for those with HIV/AIDS. In Canadian patients infected with HIV, the vaccine has been reported to decrease the incidence of invasive pneumococcal disease from 768 per 100,000 person–years to 244 per 100,000 patient–years. Because of the low level of evidence for benefit, 2008 WHO guidelines do not recommend routine immunization with PPV-23 for HIV patients, and suggests preventing pneumococcal disease indirectly with trimethoprim–sulfamethoxazole chemoprophylaxis and antiretrovirals. While the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends immunization in all patients infected with HIV.
Adverse events
The most common adverse reactions (reported in more than 10% of subjects vaccinated with PPSV in clinical trials) were: pain, soreness or tenderness at the site of injection (60.0%), injection-site swelling or temporary thickening or hardening of the skin (20.3%), headache (17.6%), injection-site redness (16.4%), weakness and fatigue (13.2%), and muscle pain (11.9%).
Vaccination schedule
Adults and children over two years of age
The 23-valent vaccine (for example, Pneumovax 23) is effective against 23 different pneumococcal capsular types (serotypes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6B, 7F, 8, 9N, 9V, 10A, 11A, 12F, 14, 15B, 17F, 18C, 19A, 19F, 20, 22F, 23F, and 33F), and so covers 90 percent of the types found in pneumococcal bloodstream infections.
Young children
Children under the age of two years fail to mount an adequate response to the 23-valent adult vaccine, and instead a 13-valent pneumococcal conjugated vaccine (PCV13; for example, Prevnar 13) is used instead. PCV13 replaced PCV7, adding six new serotypes to the vaccine. While this covers only thirteen strains out of more than ninety strains, these thirteen strains caused 80–90 percent of cases of severe pneumococcal disease in the U.S. before introduction of the vaccine, and it is considered to be nearly 100 percent effective against these strains.
Special risk-groupsChildren at special risk (e.g., sickle cell disease and those without a functioning spleen) require additional protection using the PCV13, with the more extensive PPSV-23 given after the second year of life or two months after the PCV13 dose:
See also
Streptococcus pneumoniae
Pneumonia
Conjugate vaccine
References
Further reading
External links
Pneumococcal Vaccines World Health Organization (WHO)
PATH's Vaccine Resource Library pneumococcus resources
Vaccines
Tranny: Confessions of Punk Rock's Most Infamous Anarchist Sellout is an autobiography by Laura Jane Grace, co-written with Noisey editor Dan Ozzi and published by Hachette Books on November 15, 2016. Informed by extensive journal records, it covers Grace's childhood and early involvement in anarcho-punk, and her role as frontperson of Against Me! from the band's founding to her publicly coming out as a transgender woman in 2012.
Background
Grace is a singer-songwriter for the punk band Against Me!; she came out as transgender in 2012. The book is based on Grace's journals, which she kept since third grade.
The book was known under a working title of Kill Me Loudly or Killing Me Loudly in 2015, when Grace was working with a different publisher. The title Tranny refers to her reclamation of hurtful insults and slurs formerly used against her but now repurposed for her defense. Grace was surprised the publishers approved the title, and winces when hearing it said aloud, but chose it because of the book's themes of "shame, internalised transphobia and self-loathing". Though depicting the "whirlwind" of public transition, Grace felt pressure to feature a happy ending to counterbalance the prevailing narratives about transgender people.
Synopsis
Quoting extracts from her journals, Grace describes her childhood. Her first memories were of dressing in her mother's clothing. She was a military brat who lived in various places across America, as well as in Italy. At a church youth group, she began the Black Shadows and performed at church talent shows, but was asked to stop after a performance of Nirvana's "Heart-Shaped Box". After being arrested as a teenager, she began consuming anarchist punk media.
In 1997, Grace founded the band Against Me! Approached by NOFX to put out an EP, Grace declined the offer and asked Fat Wreck Chords instead to release their album Against Me! as the Eternal Cowboy. After commercial success, Grace became addicted to cocaine and sex to relieve gender dysphoria, and experienced backlash from the punk movement. She began attending Narcotics Anonymous and wrote "The Ocean" (2007) about her dysphoria. In 2009, knowing she was a woman, Grace decided to remove her "Ramblin' Boys of Pleasure" tattoo as the first step in her transition. She publicly came out in 2012, and the 2013 Against Me! tour for Transgender Dysphoria Blues saw an increased diversity in the fanbase.
Reception
In 2016, Billboard writers ranked the book 42 of the best 100 music books in history. Reviewer Joan Jett wrote that the "no-holds-barred memoir" is a "valuable starting point for a conversation to broaden the understanding of, and empathy for, trans people". Publishers Weekly called the writing "brutally honest" and "soul-searching", reviewing that "Grace's gender dysphoria adds a remarkable twist to the tale".
References
Further reading
2016 non-fiction books
American autobiographies
Non-fiction books about sexuality
Hachette Books books
English-language books
Books about musicians
2010s LGBT literature
LGBT literature in the United States
Transgender autobiographies
The 2022 Asian Artistic Gymnastics Championships was the ninth edition of the Asian Artistic Gymnastics Championships, and were held in Doha, Qatar from 15 to 28 June, 2022.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
World Championships qualification
This event served as qualification for the 2022 World Championships in Liverpool. The top five men's teams (China, Japan, Chinese Taipei, South Korea, and Kazakstan) and top four women's teams (China, South Korea, Japan, and Chinese Taipei) qualified a full team to compete. As for individual qualification, the top six men and top eight women in the all-around standings not part of a qualified team qualified as an individual (a max of two gymnasts per country). The top six men were Carlos Yulo (Philippines), Mahdi Ahmad Kohani (Iran), Abdulla Azimov (Uzbekistan), Khabibullo Ergashev (Uzbekistan), Yogeshewar Singh (India), and Gaurav Kumar (India). The top eight women were Aida Bauyrzhanova (Kazakstan), Rifda Irfanaluthfi (Indonesia), Milka Gehani (Sri Lanka), Dildora Aripova (Uzbekistan), Nadine Joy Nathan (Singapore), Ominakhon Khalilova (Uzbekistan), Korkem Yerbossynkyzy (Kazakstan), and Sasiwimon Mueangphuan (Thailand).
Men's results
Individual all-around
Floor
Pommel horse
Rings
Vault
Parallel bars
Horizontal bar
References
Asian Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Asian Gymnastics Championships
International gymnastics competitions hosted by Qatar
2022 in Qatari sport
Asian Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Sex Cymbal is the fourth solo album from Sheila E. released on June 15, 1991 by Warner Bros. Records, four years after Sheila E.'s previous album. It is her first album that does not feature any input from her mentor Prince.
History
In 1990 Sheila went into the studio to record the album with her brother Peter Michael. She and Michael produced the whole album together and a few songs feature co-production from David Gamson and J.P. Charles.
Sex Cymbal produced three singles, "Sex Cymbal", "Droppin' Like Flies", and "Cry Baby". The title track, which included an intro with a brief sample of "The Glamorous Life," was released as the lead single, and it reached the top 40 of the R&B and Dance charts. The second single, "Droppin' Like Flies", was a top 40 Dance hits but stalled at #77 on the R&B charts. The third and final single from the album, "Cry Baby", failed to chart.
The album is a departure from her previous album Sheila E., which was notable for its Latin influence and mixing many styles of music such as jazz, rock, funk, R&B, and salsa. It has a very prominent house- and dance-focused sound that was popular in the late 1980s and the early 1990s.
Track listing
Produced and arranged by Sheila E. and Peter Michael except where noted.
"Sex Cymbal" – 4:26
"Funky Attitude" – 5:11
"Leader of the Band" – 4:04
"Cry Baby" – 5:44 (Sheila E., J.P. Charles)
"Lady Marmalade" – 5:04 (Bob Crewe, Kenny Nolan)
"808 Kate (Drum Solo)" – 1:00
"Loverboy" – 4:03
"Mother Mary" – 5:23
"Droppin' Like Flies" – 5:26 (Peter Michael, David Gamson)
"What'cha Gonna Do" – 4:40
"Private Party (Tu Para Mi)" – 4:39
"Family Affair (Percussion Jam)" – 1:00
"Promise Me Love" – 5:37
"Heaven" – 4:36
Chart positions
Personnel
Sheila E. – lead vocals, production
Michael Peter – production
J.P. Charles – co-production on "Cry Baby"
David Gamson – co-production on "Droppin' Like Flies"
References
External links
Sheila E. albums
1991 albums
Warner Records albums
Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Exmoor, after the Exmoor fox hunt:
was a launched in 1940 and sunk in 1941.
was a , planned as HMS Burton, but renamed HMS Exmoor in 1941 after the sinking of the first HMS Exmoor. She was launched in 1941, transferred to the Royal Danish Navy in 1952 as HDMS Valdemar Sejr and sold for breaking up in 1966.
Royal Navy ship names
Francine Everett (born Franciene Williamson; April 13, 1915 – May 27, 1999) was an American actress and singer.
Everett is best known for her performances in race films, independently produced motion pictures with all-black casts that were created exclusively for distribution to cinemas that catered to African-American audiences.
Early life
She was born Franciene Williamson in Louisburg, North Carolina in 1915, and her father Noah was a tailor. She married Booker Everett in 1933 when she was 18. This marriage was dissolved, and she later married actor Rex Ingram. They divorced three years later in 1939. She studied and acted with the Federal Theater in Harlem, which was sponsored by the Works Progress Administration.
Career
Among Everett's starring roles were the films Paradise in Harlem (1939), Keep Punching (1939) co-starring Canada Lee and Dooley Wilson, Big Timers (1945) co-starring Moms Mabley and Stepin Fetchit, Tall, Tan and Terrific (1946) with Mantan Moreland and Dots Johnson, and Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A. (1946), directed by Spencer Williams.
Everett appeared as a singer in more than 50 short musical films that were produced in the 1940s, notably Ebony Parade (1947), which co-starred Dorothy Dandridge, Cab Calloway and the Count Basie band. She also worked as a model in print advertisements for clothing and cosmetics.
Hollywood
Everett's association with Hollywood was brief and desultory. She first arrived in Hollywood in the mid-1930s with husband Rex Ingram, but refused to accept racially demeaning stereotypical roles. After starring in Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A., she had bitten parts in two Hollywood films: Lost Boundaries (1949) and Sidney Poitier's first film, No Way Out (1950).
At the height of her career, Everett was dubbed "the most beautiful woman in Harlem" by columnist Billy Rowe in The Amsterdam News, a black-owned newspaper in New York City. Looking back at her career, filmmaker William Greaves commented: "She would have been a superstar in Hollywood were it not for the apartheid climate in America and the movie industry at the time."
Later life
Retirement
After retiring from the entertainment industry, Everett took a clerical job at Harlem Hospital in New York. She retired from her hospital job in 1985, and in her later years she spoke about the race films at seminars sponsored by the International Agency for Minority Artist Affairs.
Death
Everett died at a nursing home in The Bronx, New York, aged 84, on May 27, 1999.
References
External links
1915 births
1999 deaths
Actresses from North Carolina
20th-century African-American women singers
Works Progress Administration workers
African-American actresses
American film actresses
20th-century American actresses
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
People from Louisburg, North Carolina
Maurice Alfred Crouch (9 August 1917 – 19 March 2001) was an English cricketer. A right-handed batsman, he was born at Wisbech, Cambridgeshire.
Crouch played most of his cricket for Cambridgeshire in the Minor Counties Championship, making his debut against Bedfordshire in 1936. From 1936 to 1963, he represented the county in 118 Minor Counties matches. His final game for the county came in his only List-A appearance, which came in the 1964 Gillette Cup against Essex. In the match, he scored 28 runs before being dismissed by Robin Hobbs.
Crouch also played first-class cricket, representing the Marylebone Cricket Club against a combined Minor Counties cricket team in 1950. The following year, he represented the Minor Counties in a first-class match against Kent, in what was his only first-class appearance for a combined Minor Counties side. His final two first-class appearances came in 1952 for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Oxford University and Ireland. In his 4 first-class matches, he scored 205 runs at a batting average of 29.28, with a single half century high score of 81.
Crouch died in Morocco on 19 March 2001.
Family
His son-in-law David Fairey also represented Cambridgeshire in cricket.
References
External links
Maurice Crouch at Cricinfo
Maurice Crouch at CricketArchive
1917 births
2001 deaths
People from Wisbech
English cricketers
Cambridgeshire cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
The 2015 Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns football team represented the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by fifth-year head coach Mark Hudspeth and played their home games at Cajun Field in Lafayette, Louisiana. The Ragin' Cajuns were members of the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 4–8, 3–5 in Sun Belt play to finish in a five way tie for fifth place.
Previous season
Louisiana-Lafayette went 9–4 last season. However, in 2015, 8 wins, including their bowl victory, were vacated due to massive NCAA violations. The Ragin' Cajuns finished 2nd in the Sun Belt Conference and were awarded the New Orleans Bowl as the conference champion, Georgia Southern were ineligible for post-season play due to their FCS-FBS transition. The defeated the Nevada Wolf Pack 16–3 for their final series of 4 consecutive bowl appearances and victories.
Preseason
Award Watchlist
The following players were named to preseason award watchlist
Walter Camp Award
Elijah McGuire
Lombardi Award
Mykhael Quave
Dominique Tovell
Doak Walker Award
Elijah McGuire
Paul Hornung Award
Elijah McGuire
Sun Belt Media Day
Sun Belt Conference Players of the Year
Offensive Player of the Year – Elijah McGuire, RB (Louisiana-Lafayette)
Preseason Standings
Preseason All–Conference Team
Offense
QB Fredi Knighten (Arkansas State)
RB Matt Breida (Georgia Southern)
RB Elijah McGuire (Louisiana-Lafayette)
WR J. D. McKissic (Arkansas State)
WR Donovan Harden (Georgia State)
WR Rashon Ceaser (UL Monroe)
TE Joel Ruiz (Georgia State)
OL Jesse Chapman (Appalachian State)
OL Darien Foreman (Georgia Southern)
OL Chris May (South Alabama)
OL Joseph Scelfo (South Alabama)
OL Adrian Bellard (Texas State)
Defense
DL Chris Stone (Arkansas State)
DL Ronald Blair (Appalachian State)
DL Gerrand Johnson (UL Monroe)
DL Javon Rolland-Jones (Arkansas State)
LB John Law (Appalachian State)
LB Xavier Woodson (Arkansas State)
LB Joseph Peterson (Georgia State)
DB Doug Middleton (Appalachian State)
DB Mitch Lane (UL Monroe)
DB David Mims II (Texas State)
DB Montres Kitchens (Troy)
Specialists
PK Aleem Sunanon (South Alabama)
P Austin Rehkow (Idaho)
RS Blaise Taylor (Arkansas State)
Roster
Schedule
Louisiana–Lafayette announced their 2015 football schedule on February 27, 2015. The 2015 schedule consisted of six home and away games in the regular season. The Ragin' Cajuns hosted Sun Belt foes Louisiana–Monroe, New Mexico State, Texas State, and Troy, and traveled to Appalachian State, Arkansas State, Georgia State, and South Alabama.
Schedule source:
Game summaries
Northwestern State
Akron
at Louisiana Tech
Texas State
at Arkansas State
Louisiana–Monroe
at Georgia State
at South Alabama
New Mexico State
at Appalachian State
Troy
References
Louisiana-Lafayette
Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns football seasons
Louisiana-Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns football
Leo Paraspondylos () was a high-ranking 11th-century Byzantine official, who served as chief minister to Empress Theodora and Emperor Michael VI.
Biography
Leo's surname is in all probability a sobriquet; he seems to have belonged to the Spondylos family, and was possibly a relative of the general Michael Spondyles. He is attested as an official under Michael IV the Paphlagonian (r. 1034–41), and rose in office to become the Empire's chief minister (paradynasteuon) under Theodora (r. 1042–56) and Michael VI (r. 1056–57), holding the posts of synkellos and protosynkellos.
Leo's contemporary, historian and fellow public servant Michael Attaleiates, considered him an excellent administrator, but it was Paraspondylos' refusal to meet the demands of the Empire's leading generals in 1057 that led to their rebellion and the overthrow of Michael VI and the installation of one of their own number, Isaac I Komnenos (r. 1057–59), on the throne. After the rebel victory, Paraspondylos was dismissed from office and exiled from Constantinople, possibly being forcibly tonsured. Although occasionally critical of his rough manners, Michael Psellos intervened on his behalf with Isaac I Komnenos, to little avail. Nothing further is known of Leo thereafter.
References
11th-century Byzantine people
Byzantine officials
Byzantine prisoners and detainees
Adam Feliks Dyczkowski (17 November 1932 – 10 January 2021) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop.
Dyczkowski was born in Poland and was ordained to the priesthood in 1957. He served as titular bishop of Altava and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wrocław, Poland, from 1978 to 1992 and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Legnica in 1992 and 1993. He then served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zielona Góra-Gorzów, Poland, from 1993 to 2007.
Dyczkowski died on 10 January 2021, from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Poland.
References
1932 births
2021 deaths
People from Oświęcim County
Polish Roman Catholic titular bishops
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Poland
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Poland
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Poland
The A. C. Subba Reddy Government Medical College is located in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh. It was established in 2014 with an intake capacity of 150 (MBBS seats). It is affiliated to Dr. NTR University of Health Sciences. The college was named after Anam Chenchu Subba Reddy, a veteran leader and former Municipal Chairman of Nellore district.
History
The DSR District Headquarters Hospital, Nellore was built in 1963 to 1968. Foundation Stone was laid by then Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Sri Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy. It was inaugurated on 18 December 1968 by then Chief Minister of Karnataka Sri Veerendra Patil and preceded by then Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Sri Kasu Brahmananda Reddy.
Campus
The campus is spread across .
References
Colleges in India
Medical colleges in Andhra Pradesh
2014 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2014
Akçakale is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
is a railway station on the Oga Line in the city of Oga, Akita Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Wakimoto Station is served by the Oga Line and is located 18.9 kilometers from the southern terminus of the Oga Line at .
Station layout
The station has one island platform, connected to the station building by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Wakimoto Station opened on November 8, 1914, as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) serving the village of Wakimoto. JGR became JNR (Japanese National Railways) after World War II. With the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of JR East. It has been unattended since April 2011.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2009, the station was used by an average of 205 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.
Surrounding area
Wakimoto Post Office
Wakimoto No. 1 Elementary School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Oga Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Oga, Akita
Harley Eugene Knox (January 26, 1899 – September 13, 1956) was an independent American politician from California.
Biography
Born in 1899 in Nebraska, Knox came to San Diego with his parents in 1912. He dropped out of San Diego High School while a junior, and served briefly in the Army. He later graduated from the San Diego Normal School, which is now San Diego State University.
In 1919, he became a dairyman in southeastern San Diego when he bought his first cow. The same year, he married his next-door neighbor, Bessie, and they had four daughters.
Knox was first elected to city council in 1939, unopposed, and served until 1943. He was mayor of San Diego from 1943 until 1951. During his first mayoral campaign, on learning his opponent had raised $30,000 to defeat him, he commented:
"If it was worth all that money for someone to make you mayor, I don't think they were preparing to buy good government."
While mayor, Knox was active in creating new public works projects for the city, such as expanding water and sewage facilities. He traveled frequently to Washington to lobby for federal aid. After World War II, San Diego faced a housing shortage, as did many U.S. cities. He came up with the novel idea of reusing surplus building material at the Army's Camp Callan (on the site now occupied by the University of California, San Diego) to build 1500 homes.
Knox also had a hand in expanding Lindbergh Field. To allow for an expanded airport, the city bought land for Montgomery Field and gained a 50-year lease for Naval Air Station Miramar. Unfortunately, the City Council terminated the Miramar lease a year after Knox left office and sold part of Montgomery Field for use by General Dynamics to manufacture missiles. Knox criticized his successors for being shortsighted.
During his term, he was responsible for constructing the San Diego Aqueduct, which joined the Metropolitan Water District's Colorado River Aqueduct. Although Knox was accused of promoting this project to benefit his dairy business, he became a local hero for winning the battle against the federal government over the San Diego's right to some of the Colorado River water. Knox also initiated planning for Mission Bay as a recreational area, and created Mission Bay Park with a bond issue.
Knox was injured in a plane crash in 1944 and subsequently suffered health problems, so declined to run for re-election in 1951. He returned to his dairy business, but remained active with various civic projects. He died of a heart attack in 1956, in San Diego.
His biographer, Iris Engstrand, said, "He's kind of like the last of the innocent mayors. He tried to do everything good for the city." American journalist John Gunther, who toured the United States to research his 1947 book Inside U.S.A., wrote of Knox, "...as well as anything I found in forty-eight states, he showed what a city can mean to its first citizen."
An elementary school in southeastern San Diego is named in his honor, and the Mission Hills-Hillcrest Branch of the San Diego Public Library is named after him and his wife.
Quotes
… like a tropical hurricane the war effort swept over San Diego, tearing at its normal way of life, uprooting carefully laid plans, disrupting municipal services…. Now the gale has subsided. Around us is the wreckage and debris that must be swept up. [1946]
No encouragement should be given to both parents working and leaving the children in some institution. While it upgrades the standard of the family, it degrades the welfare of the child. [Arguing against day care in Aid to Dependent Children programs]
References
See also
Harley Eugene Knox: San Diego Mayor for the People 1943–1951 (2002) by Iris Engstrand and Paul Campuzano. . Book reviewed by Roger Showley in The San Diego Union-Tribune, January 19, 2003, p. I-2. The book was underwritten by Knox's daughter Donna.
1899 births
1956 deaths
Mayors of San Diego
California Independents
20th-century American politicians
Calhoun County is a county located in the south central part of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 5,368, making it the least populous county in Arkansas. The county seat is Hampton. Calhoun County is Arkansas's 55th county, formed on December 6, 1850, and named for John C. Calhoun, a Vice President of the United States.
The county is part of the Camden, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
This area was initially developed for plantation agriculture, based on large gangs of slave workers. The population was majority enslaved African Americans before the American Civil War. After the Reconstruction era, there was increasing white violence against blacks as the minority attempted to assert dominance over the freedmen. From 1877 to 1950, whites lynched 10 African Americans in the county, mostly in the decades around the turn of the century. Several other counties in the state had higher rates of such murders.
In September 1892, what became known as the "Hampton Race War", or the Calhoun County Race War, broke out across the southern part of the county. In 1891 the Democratic-dominated state legislature had passed laws to make voter registration more difficult for illiterate people both black and white, which effectively disenfranchised many of the poorer residents. But tensions were rising in this period, and the economy was poor. Whites resented that freedmen would work for lower wages, even if they knew the latter men seldom had a choice. Whitecappers, also called night riders, were poor white farmers and workers who acted as vigilantes, attacking various residents to enforce their moral views. They met in secret societies to patrol both black and white communities. Their reasons were also economic; they hoped to drive out the black workers.
The African Americans resented these attacks. Newspapers printed rumors of armed blacks planning attacks against whites, as was typical in tense times, inflaming existing tensions. There was also violence associated with the September election. Some newspapers reported that a white man named Unsill, an ex-convict Republican, led 42 armed blacks to the polls, "where they demanded to vote." Accounts of this period are contradictory, but agree that major events seemed to take place within several days, beginning about September 17, while incidents were reported over the month of September. An estimated five to eight African Americans were killed during the violence, with one or more described as lynched. At least two whites were killed in these encounters; more men on both sides were wounded. Among the dead was a black man murdered by two whites; as he was a key witness in a trial in which they were defendants, this appeared to be a "murder of convenience" done while other violence was prevalent.
20th century to present
Due to such violence, social oppression, economic problems, and mechanization of agriculture, many African Americans and whites left the county in the first half of the 20th century. Population declined in every census after 1920 through 1970, as may be seen in the table in the Demographics section below. African Americans left in the Great Migration to northern and midwestern industrial cities for work before World War II; during and after that war, many others went to the West Coast, where defense industries had more jobs.
The Shumaker Naval Ammunition Depot in Calhoun and Ouachita counties operated from 1945 until 1957.
The Southern Arkansas University Tech is a two-year college specializing in technical training.
The Lost 40 Acres of Timber
There are 40 acres of timber that have never been cut along the Wolf Branch (a tributary of Moro Creek) in southeast Calhoun County. Some of its large trees are over 200 years old.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Major highways
Future Interstate 69
U.S. Highway 79
U.S. Highway 167
U.S. Highway 278
Highway 160
Adjacent counties
Dallas County (north)
Cleveland County (northeast)
Bradley County (east)
Union County (south)
Ouachita County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 4,739 people, 1,850 households, and 1,302 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 5,744 people, 2,317 households, and 1,628 families residing in the county. The population density was 9 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 3,012 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 74.51% White, 23.38% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.03% Asian, 0.92% from other races, and 0.94% from two or more races. 1.50% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,317 households, out of which 31.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.60% were married couples living together, 11.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.70% were non-families. 27.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.60% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 28.20% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 16.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,438, and the median income for a family was $34,647. Males had a median income of $30,353 versus $17,452 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,555. About 13.20% of families and 16.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.90% of those under age 18 and 18.20% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over The past few election cycles Calhoun County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Education
Public education for elementary and secondary school students is primarily provided by the Hampton School District, which leads to graduation from Hampton High School.
Communities
Cities
Hampton (county seat)
Thornton
Towns
Harrell
Tinsman
Townships
Note: Unlike most counties, Calhoun County has numbered townships instead of named townships.
Township 1 (Thornton)
Township 2
Township 3 (Tinsman)
Township 4 (Harrell)
Township 5
Township 6
Township 7
Township 8 (part of Hampton)
Township 9 (most of Hampton)
See also
List of lakes in Calhoun County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Calhoun County, Arkansas
References
1850 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1850
Camden, Arkansas micropolitan area
Kızılağaç, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Jonas Brothers is the second studio album and the international debut album released by the Jonas Brothers and their first album to be released under Hollywood Records. The album was released on August 7, 2007. "Hold On" was the album's second single, followed by "S.O.S" as the third single, and "When You Look Me in the Eyes" as the fourth single.
Singles
"Year 3000", a cover of a song by the British band Busted, serviced as the lead single from Jonas Brothers. Previously released in 2006 by Columbia from the album It's About Time, "Year 3000" was re-released by Hollywood Records on March 12, 2007. The song peaked at number 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 and sold 1,050,000 copies. "Hold On" was the official second single from the album and was released on May 22, 2007. It was featured in the Disney Channel Original Movie Johnny Kapahala: Back on Board, and a music video was released to promote the film. "S.O.S" was the album's third single and was released on August 3, 2007. It was the most successful single from the album, peaking at No. 47 in Australia on the ARIA Singles Chart, No. 49 on the Canadian Hot 100, No. 13 on the UK Singles Chart and No. 19 on the US Billboard Hot 100. It was their first single to chart in Canada and the UK. It was their first top-twenty hit in the United States. "When You Look Me in the Eyes" was the album's final single, released on December 28 and produced by John Fields. It was a re-recording of the version that initially appeared on Nick's self-titled solo album. It marked their third chart performance in Australia (No. 46 on the ARIA Singles Chart), their second in Canada and the UK (No. 30 on both the Canadian Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart), and their fourth in the United States (No. 25 on the Billboard Hot 100, and their third top-40 song).
"Kids of the Future" was released as a single for the soundtrack to the 2007 animated motion picture Meet the Robinsons and later included in the Jonas Brothers' debut album.
Reception
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic described the band,"they're cheerful, good-natured, and, best of all, tuneful," going on to say about the album, "It all adds up an album that's tighter and better than their debut, and one that suggests that they not only deserve their popularity on Radio Disney, but they might have the writing and performing skills to last beyond that as well." Cross Rhythms praised the album saying, "Jonas Brothers have delivered an album that's high-energy pop-punk overflowing with catchy hooks and muscular guitar licks."
Commercial performance
Jonas Brothers debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 with 69,000 copies, becoming the Jonas Brothers' first top 10 album in the country. As of March 2015, the album has sold 2,409,000 million copies in the United States, becoming Jonas' best-selling album to date.
Track listing
Bonus Jonas Edition DVD
Jonas Brothers: The Bonus Jonas Edition includes a DVD containing:
Full concert performance at the Blender Theatre at Gramercy
"Kids of the Future"
"Just Friends"
"S.O.S"
"Goodnight & Goodbye"
"Hello Beautiful"
"Australia"
"That's Just the Way We Roll"
"Hollywood"
"Inseparable"
"Still in Love with You"
"Hold On"
"Year 3000"
Music videos
"S.O.S"
"Hold On"
"Kids of the Future" (Live at the 2007 Disney Channel Games closing ceremony)
"Year 3000"
<small>Total running time: approximately 55 minutes</small>
Woolworths exclusive DVD (UK)
An exclusive DVD containing:
Music videos
"S.O.S"
"Hold On"
"When You Look Me in the Eyes"Band in a Bus'' trailer
"Jonas Brothers Meet The Queen" - Video from the Jonas Brother's YouTube channel
Personnel
Nick Jonas – lead vocals, rhythm guitar, keyboards, drums on "Australia"
Joe Jonas – lead vocals
Kevin Jonas – lead guitar, background vocals
John Taylor – rhythm and lead guitar, background vocals
John Fields – Producer, bass guitar, additional keyboards and guitar
Dorian Crozier – drums, percussion, programming
Stephen Lu – string arrangements, conducting
Chris Lord-Alge - Mixing
Charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
Release history
References
External links
2007 albums
Hollywood Records albums
Jonas Brothers albums
Albums produced by John Fields (record producer)
Sergio Llull Melià (; born November 15, 1987) is a Spanish professional basketball player and the team captain for Real Madrid of the Spanish Liga ACB and the EuroLeague. He is a tall point guard and shooting guard.
Llull is a two−time All-EuroLeague Team selection, and was the EuroLeague MVP of the 2016–17 season. As a regular member of the senior Spain national team, he has won a FIBA World Cup title, three EuroBasket gold medals, as well as a bronze. He also won two Summer Olympics medals, a silver in 2012, and a bronze in 2016.
Professional career
Early years
Llull began his career playing for the La Salle Maò and CB i Unió Manresana junior clubs as a youth. He made his professional debut with the Spanish ACB League club Manresa during the 2005–06 season. He also played with the Spanish 4th Division club Finques Olesa that season, on loan. He returned to Manresa, and played in the Spanish 2nd Division in the next season.
Real Madrid
Llull joined the Spanish EuroLeague club Real Madrid in 2007. In 2009, Real Madrid exercised a club option to extend his contract for another 2 years. In 2010, Llull extended his contract with Real Madrid through the year 2014.
He was named the MVP of the final of the mid-season three game 2012 Spanish King's Cup tournament. Later that year, Llull extended his contract with Real Madrid once again, this time through the 2017–18 season.
In the 2014–15 season, Real Madrid won the EuroLeague championship, after defeating Olympiacos by a score of 78–59 in the 2015 EuroLeague Final. Real Madrid eventually finished the season by also winning the Spanish League championship, after a 3–0 series sweep in the Spanish League Finals series against Barcelona. By winning the Spanish League championship, Real Madrid won the triple crown. Llull was named the Spanish League Finals MVP of 2015.
In the Summer of 2015, Llull once again extended his contract with Real Madrid, this time through the 2020–21 season. The 6-year contract extension was at a per season salary of €2.7 million euros net income per season, and his contract included a record buyout option of €25 million euros (USD$28.64 million as of February 3, 2019 exchange rate), the highest buyout amount ever in European club basketball history.
Llull was named the EuroLeague MVP of the 2016–17 season. In May 2018, Real Madrid won the 2017–18 EuroLeague season championship, after defeating Fenerbahçe Doğuş in the final game, by a score of 85–80. Llull missed most of the season due to a torn ACL injury, only to come back into the team's rotation at the Final Four, where he helped his team to grab their second EuroLeague title in four seasons.
NBA draft rights
Llull was chosen by the Denver Nuggets with the 34th pick in the 2009 NBA draft. The Houston Rockets then bought his draft rights from the Nuggets for approximately $2.25 million, which at the time made him the most expensive player ever to be purchased during the draft's second round. On November 27, 2020, Llull's draft rights were traded to the New York Knicks.
National team career
As a member of the junior Spain national basketball teams, Llull won the gold medal at the 2004 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, and he won the silver medal at the 2007 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. He has also played with the senior men's Spain national basketball team.
Llull won the gold medal at the 2019 FIBA World Cup, three gold medals at the EuroBasket, in 2009, 2011, and 2015. He also won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics, the bronze medal at the EuroBasket 2013, and the bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He also played at the 2010 FIBA World Championship, and at the 2014 FIBA World Cup.
Player profile
Early in his career, Llull was known for his straight line speed, jumping ability, and open court fast break dunks. Later in his career, he has been known for his long-distance 3 point shooting, and clutch shots. Llull averaged a PIR of 16.8 in the EuroLeague, during the 2016–17 season.
He can play at either the point guard or shooting guard position. He spent the early part of his club EuroLeague career playing as a shooting guard, and then switched to the point guard position later in his club career. In the senior men's Spain national team, he has mainly played at the shooting guard position.
Career statistics
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2007–08
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 15 || 8.1 || .370 || .000 || .789 || .4 || .9 || .2 || .1 || 2.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2008–09
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 19 || 19.0 || .468 || .380 || .926 || 1.1 || 2.2 || .5 || .2 || 6.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2009–10
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 18 || 21.1 || .521 || .418 || .724 || 1.2 || 2.0 || 1.0 || .1 || 9.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2010–11
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 23 || 28.0 || .401 || .343 || .841 || 2.3 || 3.0 || .8 || .1 || 11.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2011–12
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 16 || 22.2 || .427 || .295 || .719 || 1.5 || 3.2 || .6 || .0 || 7.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012–13
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 27 || 27.0 || .396 || .339 || .781 || 2.3 || 3.2 || .6 || .1 || 10.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013–14
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 31 || 29.1 || .466 || .338 || .796 || 1.8 || 4.1 || .6 || .0 || 11.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| Liga ACB
| 42 || 24.7 || .457 || .363 || .864 || 1.8 || 3.3 || .8 || .1 || 12.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 30 || 27.5 || .439 || .379 || .821 || 1.7 || 5.8 || .8 || .1 || 10.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 24 || 27.8 || .378 || .350 || .807 || 1.8 || 4.6 || .7 || .2 || 12.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| Liga ACB
| 39 || 25.6 || .434 || .344 || .793 || 1.5 || 5.4 || .5 || .0 || 16.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 33 || 27.8 || .416 || .330 || .847 || 1.8 || 5.9 || .7 || .1 || 16.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 4 || 18.0 || .361 || .375 || .500 || .5 || 4.5 || .5 || .0 || 10.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 27 || 21.4 || .358 || .321 || .958 || 2.0 || 4.0 || .4 || .0 || 10.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 16 || 18.6 || .287 || .288 || .893 || 1.2 || 3.5 || .6 || .1 || 7.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| Liga ACB
| 28 || 16.0 || .371 || .328 || .784 || 1.6 || 2.3 || .4 || .0 || 8.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Real Madrid
| EuroLeague
| 25 || 17.6 || .372 || .336 || .863 || 1.6 || 3.0 || .4 || .0 || 8.8
|-class=sortbottom
| align="center" colspan=2 | Career
| All Leagues
| 417 || 23.4 || .414 || .343 || .824 || 1.7 || 3.8 || .6 || .1 || 11.0
Awards and accomplishments
Pro career
Liga ACB (Spanish League) champion (7×):
2007, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2018, 2019, 2022
Copa del Rey (Spanish Cup) winner (6×):
2012, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2020
Supercopa de España (Spanish Supercup) winner (7×):
2012, 2013, 2014, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021
EuroLeague champion (2×):
2015, 2018
Triple Crown winner:
2015
FIBA Intercontinental Cup champion:
2015
Spanish junior national team
2004 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship:
2007 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship:
Spanish senior national team
EuroBasket 2009:
EuroBasket 2011:
2012 Summer Olympics: Silver
EuroBasket 2013:
EuroBasket 2015:
2016 Summer Olympics: Bronze
2019 FIBA World Championship:
Individual awards
8× All-EuroLeague Team:
All-EuroLeague Second Team: 2011
All-EuroLeague First Team: 2017
1× All-Decade Euroleague team member
2× Spanish ACB League MVP of the Month: February 2012, February 2016
2× Spanish King's Cup MVP: 2012, 2017
3× All-Spanish ACB League Team: 2012, 2015, 2017
2× EuroLeague MVP of the Month: April 2013, November 2016
3× Spanish Supercup MVP: 2014, 2018, 2021
2× Spanish ACB League Finals MVP: 2015, 2016
FIBA Intercontinental Cup MVP: 2015
Spanish League MVP: 2017
EuroLeague MVP: 2017
References
External links
Sergio Llull at acb.com
Sergio Llull at eurobasket.com
Sergio Llull at euroleague.net
Sergio Llull at fiba.com
Sergio Llull at fibaeurope.com
1987 births
Living people
2010 FIBA World Championship players
2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup players
2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup players
Basketball players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Bàsquet Manresa players
Denver Nuggets draft picks
FIBA EuroBasket-winning players
Liga ACB players
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Olympic bronze medalists for Spain
Olympic medalists in basketball
Olympic silver medalists for Spain
People from Mahón
Point guards
Real Madrid Baloncesto players
Shooting guards
Spanish men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Menorca
FIBA Basketball World Cup-winning players
Hasköy is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Jackson County is located in the Arkansas Delta in the U.S. state of Arkansas. The county is named for Andrew Jackson, a national hero during the War of 1812. By the county's formation in 1829, Jackson had become the seventh President of the United States. Jackson County is home to seven incorporated towns and four incorporated cities, including Newport, the largest city and county seat. The county is also the site of numerous unincorporated communities and ghost towns. Occupying , Jackson County is the 41st largest county of the 75 in Arkansas. As of the 2010 Census, the county's population is 17,997 people in 7,601 households. Based on population, the county is the 40th-largest county in Arkansas. Although terrain rises in the west, most of Jackson County is within the Arkansas Delta, characterized by largely flat terrain with fertile soils. Historically covered in forest, bayous and swamps, the area was cleared for agriculture by early settlers. It is drained by the White River.
Although no Interstate highways are located in Jackson County, two United States highways (U.S. Route 67 (US 67) and US 167) and fifteen Arkansas state highways run in the county. A Union Pacific Railroad line also crosses the county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
Major highways
Future Interstate 57
U.S. Highway 67
U.S. Highway 167
Highway 14
Highway 17
Highway 18
Highway 18 Spur
Highway 33
Highway 37
Highway 42
Highway 69
Highway 69 Spur
Highway 87
Highway 145
Highway 157
Highway 224
Highway 226
Highway 367
Highway 384
Airport Highway 980
Adjacent counties
Lawrence County (north)
Craighead County (northeast)
Poinsett County (east)
Cross County (southeast)
Woodruff County (south)
White County (southwest)
Independence County (west)
National protected area
Cache River National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 16,755 people, 6,137 households, and 3,758 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 18,418 people, 6,971 households, and 4,830 families residing in the county. The population density was 29 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 7,956 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 80.57% White, 17.56% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.40% from other races, and 0.95% from two or more races. 1.27% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,971 households, out of which 27.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.20% were married couples living together, 13.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.70% were non-families. 27.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.20% under the age of 18, 11.50% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 16.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 91.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,081, and the median income for a family was $32,661. Males had a median income of $26,744 versus $17,830 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,564. About 13.20% of families and 17.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.00% of those under age 18 and 16.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government and infrastructure
The Grimes Unit and the McPherson Unit, prisons of the Arkansas Department of Correction, are located in Newport, off of Arkansas Highway 384, east of central Newport. The prison houses the state's death row for women. The Jackson County Sheriff's Office is the primary county-wide law enforcement agency.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Campbell Station
Diaz
Grubbs
Newport (county seat)
Swifton
Tuckerman
Towns
Amagon
Beedeville
Jacksonport
Tupelo
Weldon
Unincorporated Communities
Balch
Centerville
Denmark
Heffington
Kenyon
Macks
Midway
Olyphant
Possum Grape
Ghost towns
Colerain
Estico
Mt. Pinson
Myrickville
Sneed
Townships
Barren
Bateman (contains part of Newport)
Bird (contains most of Tuckerman)
Breckinridge (contains Tupelo and Weldon)
Bryan
Cache
Cow Lake (contains Beedeville)
Glaize
Glass (contains Swifton)
Grubbs (contains Grubbs)
Jefferson (contains Campbell Station and Jacksonport, part of Diaz and Tuckerman)
Richwoods (contains Amagon)
Union (contains most of Diaz and Newport)
Village (contains part of Diaz and Newport)
Source:
Government and politics
Jackson County is represented in the Arkansas State Senate by the Republican Ronald R. Caldwell, a real estate businessman from Wynne in Cross County.
See also
List of lakes in Jackson County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Arkansas
References
External links
Jackson County official website
1829 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1829
In 1961 the United States Strike Command (STRICOM) was established at MacDill Air Force Base as a unified combatant command capable of responding to global crises. The name of the command was originally derived from the acronym for Swift Tactical Reaction In Every Known Environment (STRIKE). It integrated the CONUS-based forces of the Army's Continental Army Command (essentially elements from the Army's Strategic Army Corps (STRAC)) and the Air Force's Composite Air Strike Force (CASF) and Tactical Air Command.
Mission and deployments
In March 1961 Secretary of Defense McNamara ordered the JCS to develop a plan for integrating the Strategic Army Corps (STRAC) and Tactical Air Command into a unified command. The JCS Chairman, the CSA, and the CSAF endorsed this idea, provided that the new command eventually included Navy and Marine Corps units. But the CNO objected that the inherent flexibility of naval forces would be sacrificed if assigned to a command tailored to STRAC and TAC. He suggested instead that troop carrier and ground-support aircraft be made organic to the Army or that a joint task force be organized that would train air-ground teams for augmentation of existing commands. Similarly, the CMC argued that development of a "doctrine" for joint Army-Air Force operations would suffice.
Secretary McNamara ruled in favor of the proposed new command. United States Strike Command (USSTRICOM) was activated on 1 January 1962 under an Army general. USSTRICOM assumed operational control over the combat-ready forces of TAC and CONARC. In 1965 the United States Atlantic Fleet became STRICOM's naval component command. A year later General Theodore J. Conway took command, a position he held until 1969. Initially, STRICOM's assigned missions were to: (a) provide a reserve of general purpose forces for reinforcing the other unified commands, (b) train the general reserve, (c) develop joint doctrine and, (d) plan for and execute contingency operations. Subsequently, STRICOM's missions were expanded to include planning for, and execution of, operations in the Middle East, sub-Sahara Africa, and Southern Asia (MEAFSA).
STRICOM took place in the worldwide readiness test (of which Operation Giant Lance formed a part) in 1969, sortieing U. S. Navy Middle East Force ships into the Gulf of Aden.
STRICOM was redesignated United States Readiness Command (REDCOM) in 1972. Essentially, the change was nothing more than a redesignation, except that the command was divested of its MEAFSA responsibilities. The redesignated command's missions included integrating, training, and providing CONUS-based general purpose forces, as well as planning and providing joint task force headquarters and forces for operations in areas not assigned to other unified commands. In 1979, the national command authorities ordered the CINC of REDCOM (CINCRED) to establish the Rapid Deployment Joint Task Force (RDJTF) headquarters as a separate subordinate command within REDCOM. That same year, General Volney F. Warner took command of REDCOM, and held command until 1981. The Rapid Deployment Joint Task Force became an independent unified command in 1983 as United States Central Command (USCENTCOM).
Readiness Command was replaced by United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) in 1987, with the last CINCRED, General James J. Lindsay, becoming the first CINCSOC.
Detachment 1, 1150th USAF Special Activities Squadron, also known as "Communications Support Element" or CSE, was subordinate to USSTRICOM and operated from MacDill AFB. CSE was about a 50–50 mix of Air Force and Army personnel. CSE consisted of two units – Field Unit "A" (FUA) and Field Unit "B" (FUB) – and was mainly a mobile tactical communications outfit.
Commanders-in-Chief
Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Strike Command
Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Readiness Command
References
Benjamin O. Davis Jr.: American (Smithsonian Institution Press) - has chapter on Strike Command
External links
Strike Command
Military units and formations established in 1961
The 1982–83 NBA season was the 37th season of the National Basketball Association. The season ended with the Philadelphia 76ers winning the NBA Championship, sweeping the Los Angeles Lakers 4 games to 0 in the NBA Finals.
Notable occurrences
The 1983 NBA All-Star Game was played at The Forum in Inglewood, California, with the East defeating the West 132–123. Julius Erving of the Philadelphia 76ers won the game's MVP award. It was at this game that R&B singer Marvin Gaye performed his famous rendition of the "Star-Spangled Banner".
This season marked the final season for Larry O'Brien as commissioner of the NBA. In honor of his long tenure, the NBA would rename its championship trophy after him (it was originally named after the late Boston Celtics owner Walter A. Brown).
The USA Network extended their cable deal with the NBA for another two years, and ESPN shared broadcast rights with them.
The 76ers posted a 12–1 record in the playoffs, a record for highest winning percentage in the postseason (it was later broken by the 2001 Los Angeles Lakers, whose record was, in turn, later broken by the 2017 Golden State Warriors).
The Boston Celtics were swept for the first time in their playoff history, at the hands of the Milwaukee Bucks in the Conference Semifinals of the 1983 NBA playoffs. The Bucks swept the Celtics 4–0.
The 1983 NBA Finals was the last Finals to end before June 1.
This was the final season for Wilson serving as the suppliers of the official NBA game ball (a partnership that dated back to 1946); it was replaced in that capacity by Spalding in the following season, which supplied game balls to the NBA through the 2020–21 season. Wilson returned as the game ball supplier for the 2021–22 season.
Ted Stepien sold the Cleveland Cavaliers to Gordon Gund. Under Stepien, attendance at the Cavaliers' home arena at Richfield Coliseum declined, first-round picks were traded in consecutive years (which led the NBA to institute the Ted Stepien rule), and long-time announcer Joe Tait was fired (he returned following the Gund purchase). The Cavaliers had five different coaches and three consecutive losing seasons under Stepien.
On November 3, 1982, Randy Smith played in his 845th consecutive NBA game, breaking Johnny Kerr's iron man record. The game was a 130–111 loss to the Philadelphia 76ers in which Smith started and scored 14 points. Smith's iron man streak ended at 906 games when he played his last game with the Clippers on March 13, 1983 and was traded to the Atlanta Hawks. The record was later surpassed by A. C. Green in 1997.
The NBA adds the NBA Defensive Player of the Year and the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award awards.
This season saw the final season of eventual Hall of Famers' Dave Cowens, Spencer Haywood and Calvin Murphy.
Final standings
By division
By conference
Notes
z – Clinched home court advantage for the entire playoffs and first round bye
c – Clinched home court advantage for the conference playoffs and first round bye
y – Clinched division title and first round bye
x – Clinched playoff spot
Playoffs
Teams in bold advanced to the next round. The numbers to the left of each team indicate the team's seeding in its conference, and the numbers to the right indicate the number of games the team won in that round. The division champions are marked by an asterisk. Home court advantage does not necessarily belong to the higher-seeded team, but instead the team with the better regular season record; teams enjoying the home advantage are shown in italics.
Statistics leaders
NBA awards
Most Valuable Player: Moses Malone, Philadelphia 76ers
Rookie of the Year: Terry Cummings, San Diego Clippers
Defensive Player of the Year: Sidney Moncrief, Milwaukee Bucks
Sixth Man of the Year: Bobby Jones, Philadelphia 76ers
Coach of the Year: Don Nelson, Milwaukee Bucks
All-NBA First Team:
F – Larry Bird, Boston Celtics
F – Julius Erving, Philadelphia 76ers
C – Moses Malone, Philadelphia 76ers
G – Sidney Moncrief, Milwaukee Bucks
G – Magic Johnson, Los Angeles Lakers
All-NBA Second Team:
F – Alex English, Denver Nuggets
F – Buck Williams, New Jersey Nets
C – Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Los Angeles Lakers
G – George Gervin, San Antonio Spurs
G – Isiah Thomas, Detroit Pistons
All-NBA Rookie Team:
James Worthy, Los Angeles Lakers
Quintin Dailey, Chicago Bulls
Terry Cummings, San Diego Clippers
Clark Kellogg, Indiana Pacers
Dominique Wilkins, Atlanta Hawks
NBA All-Defensive First Team:
Bobby Jones, Philadelphia 76ers
Dan Roundfield, Atlanta Hawks
Moses Malone, Philadelphia 76ers
Sidney Moncrief, Milwaukee Bucks
Dennis Johnson, Phoenix Suns (tie)
Maurice Cheeks, Philadelphia 76ers (tie)
NBA All-Defensive Second Team:
Larry Bird, Boston Celtics
Kevin McHale, Boston Celtics
Wayne Rollins, Atlanta Hawks
Michael Cooper, Los Angeles Lakers
T. R. Dunn, Denver Nuggets
Note: All information on this page were obtained on the History section on NBA.com
Player of the week
The following players were named NBA Player of the Week.
Player of the month
The following players were named NBA Player of the Month.
Rookie of the month
The following players were named NBA Rookie of the Month.
Coach of the month
The following coaches were named NBA Coach of the Month.
References
NBA
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007 (full name: Secure Borders, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Reform Act of 2007 ()) was a bill discussed in the 110th United States Congress that would have provided legal status and a path to citizenship for the approximately 12 million undocumented immigrants residing in the United States. The bill was portrayed as a compromise between providing a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and increased border enforcement: it included funding for of vehicle barriers, 105 camera and radar towers, and 20,000 more Border Patrol agents, while simultaneously restructuring visa criteria around high-skilled workers. The bill also received heated criticism from both sides of the immigration debate.
The bill was introduced in the United States Senate on May 9, 2007, but was never voted on, though a series of votes on amendments and cloture took place. The last vote on cloture, on June 7, 2007, 11:59 AM, failed 34–61 effectively ending the bill's chances. A related bill S. 1639, on June 28, 2007, 11:04 AM, also failed 46–53.
Legislative history
The bill was a compromise based largely on three previous failed immigration reform bills:
The Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (S. 1033), a bill proposed in May 2005 by Senators Ted Kennedy and John McCain, sometimes referred to as the "McCain–Kennedy or McKennedy Bill."
The Comprehensive Enforcement and Immigration Reform Act of 2005 (S. 1438), a bill proposed in July 2005 by Senators John Cornyn and Jon Kyl, sometimes referred to as the "Cornyn–Kyl Bill."
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2006 (S. 2611), sponsored by Senator Arlen Specter, which was passed in the Senate in May 2006 but never passed in the House.
The bill's sole sponsor in the Senate was Majority Leader Harry Reid, though it was crafted in large part as a result of efforts by Senators Kennedy, McCain and Kyl, along with Senator Lindsey Graham, and input from President George W. Bush, who strongly supported the bill. For that reason it was referred to in the press by various combinations of these five men's names, most commonly "Kennedy–Kyl". A larger group of senators was involved in creating the bill, sometimes referred to as the 'Gang of 12'. Senator David Vitter of Louisiana led the opposition to the bill, clashing with McCain and Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska.
At the same time, the Security Through Regularized Immigration and a Vibrant Economy Act of 2007 was being considered in the United States House of Representatives, although to considerably less public attention.
On June 7, three Senate votes on cloture (a move to end discussion) for the bill failed with the first losing 33–63, the second losing 34–61 and the third losing 45–50. This had been thought by some observers to signal the end of the bill's chances, since on that day, after the first failing vote, Harry Reid had told reporters that, if another vote on cloture failed, "the bill's over with. The bill's gone."
However, at the urging of President Bush, the bill was brought back for discussion in the Senate as bill S. 1639 on June 25. On June 26, a motion to proceed passed the Senate, by a margin of 64–35 (under Senate rules it needed 60 votes). A number of amendments to the bill were considered and rejected. On June 28, the bill failed to get the 60 votes necessary to end debate. The final cloture vote lost, 46–53. This effectively ended its chances, and President Bush said he was disappointed at Congress's failure to act on the issue.
Changes to immigration policy
S.1639 would have created a new class of visa, the "Z visa", that would be given to everyone who was living without a valid visa in the United States on Jan. 1, 2010; this visa would give its holder the legal right to remain in the United States for the rest of their lives, and access to a Social Security number. After eight years, the holder of a Z visa would be eligible for a United States Permanent Resident Card (a "green card") if they wanted to have one; they would first have to pay a $2,000 fine, and back taxes for some of the period in which they worked. By the normal rules of green cards, five years after that the undocumented immigrant could begin the process of becoming a U.S. citizen.
S.1639 would have required such an undocumented immigrant to be in his or her home country when he or she applies for a green card.
S.1639 would have also ended family reunification, in which an immigrant who becomes a U.S. citizen can ease the process by which their relatives from outside the country can get green cards. Under the bill, only the spouse and children of a new citizen would be made eligible for green cards.
S.1639 would eliminate the employer-sponsored component of the immigration system and replace it with a point-based "merit" system. Points would be awarded by the USCIS adjudicating officers for a combination of education, job skills, family connections and English proficiency. Sponsorship of a U.S. employer would not be required although additional points would be awarded if a U.S. job offer was available. The labor certification process would also be eliminated. Several family-based immigration categories would also be folded into the point system. Points-based systems are already used for admitting skilled immigrants in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and other developed countries.
Guest worker program
Another new category of visa, the "Y visa", would have been created, that would let temporary guest workers stay in the country for two years, after which they would have to return home. The original bill set this program at 400,000 people a year. However, its scope was greatly reduced by two amendments passed by the Senate: the first, sponsored by Senator Jeff Bingaman, reduced the number of entrants to 200,000 a year; the second, sponsored by Senator Byron Dorgan, set the program to only run for five years.
Increased enforcement
The bill would have increased enforcement of the United States-Mexico border, including increasing the number of border patrol agents by 20,000 and adding another of fencing, among others.
The bill would have also created a new program, the "Employment Eligibility Verification System", that would be a central database meant to hold immigrant-status information on all workers living in the United States. Eventually all employers, regardless of size of the company, would have been required to assemble this information and keep the system updated on all their employees.
Under the terms of the bill, no further part of the bill would have gone forward until these measures had been implemented.
A group of conservative Republican senators, led by Jim DeMint, claimed that a majority of the enforcement provisions in the bill were already required under previous law, including the 2005 REAL ID Act and the 2006 Secure Fence Act.
DREAM Act provisions
The bill contained within it the entirety of the DREAM Act, a bill that has been introduced unsuccessfully several times in the House and Senate, that would provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants brought into the country as minors who either go to college or serve in the U.S. military; it would also restore states rights in determining eligibility for in-state tuition.
The DREAM Act has four basic requirements, which are:
Must have entered the country before the age of 16;
Must graduate high school or obtain a GED;
Must have good moral character (no criminal record); and
Must have at least five years of continuous presence in the US.
Criticism
The bills received heated criticism from both the right wing and the left wing. Conservatives rejected providing a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, as it would reward them for disregarding United States immigration laws. Liberals criticized the points-based system and provisions limiting family reunification visas available to only nuclear family members of US citizens as unfair. Labor unions, human rights, and some Hispanic organizations attacked the guest workers program, claiming that it would create a group of underclass workers with no benefits. Another criticism of the guest workers program was that because each guest worker is required to return home for a year before renewing his or her visa, these workers would instead overstay their visa, becoming illegal immigrants.
High-tech industry criticized the point-based green card system for scrapping employer sponsorship of green card applications and eliminating priority processing for the highly skilled workers specifically selected by the U.S. employers. Many immigration practitioners, while supporting aspects of the proposal, criticized the bill as "unworkable" and called for fundamentally revising it.
Critics of the bill in the U.S. Senate also complained that the Senate consideration of the bill did not follow the usual procedure, as the bill did not go through the committee debate and approval process and the opportunities to offer floor amendments were limited.
Film
"Last Best Chance", story 12 in How Democracy Works Now: Twelve Stories, a documentary series from filmmaking team Shari Robertson and Michael Camerini, centers around Ted Kennedy's efforts to pass the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007. The film premiered on HBO as "The Senators' Bargain" on March 24, 2010, and was featured in the 2010 Human Rights Watch Film Festival at Lincoln Center. Since its release the film has become an important resource for advocates, policy-makers and educators.
See also
Immigration
Immigration to the United States
How Democracy Works Now: Twelve Stories
References
External links
Text of the bill at THOMAS
S. 1348 at GovTrack.us
S. 1348 at WashingtonWatch.com
White House fact sheet on immigration bill, June 1, 2007
Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007 at Discourse DB
"12 Scenes from the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007", Brian Doherty, Reason, May 29, 2007
"The Immigration Reform Bill of the 110th Congress" at the Georgetown University Law Library
Immigration to the United States
United States proposed federal immigration and nationality legislation
George W. Bush administration controversies
Proposed legislation of the 110th United States Congress
