The Moon Is Disgusting is the second album by That 1 Guy, released in 2007.
Critical reception
AllMusic praised the title track and the "wobbly funk" of "Bananas." The Mercury News wrote that the album's sound "suggests Nine Inch Nails backing They Might Be Giants at Les Claypool's house." Las Vegas Weekly wrote that "this zouk-inspired sophomore CD pulses more thickly and confidently than his debut Songs in the Key of Beotch without losing any of the nonchalant innovation."
Track listing
"The Moon Is Disgusting" – 5:44
"Bananas" – 4:31
"Mash" – 3:21
"Oranges" – 1:58
"Jigsaw" – 2:57
"Mustaches" – 3:13
"Dig" – 3:51
"Buttmachine" – 3:06
"How's 'Bout Them Holes in the Moon (Butter Side Down)" – 5:01
"Guava" – 3:07
"Rainbow" – 14:23
References
External links
That 1 Guy
2007 albums
That 1 Guy albums
The Abiah Bliss House is a historic house located at 154 Agricultural Avenue in Rehoboth, Massachusetts. With a claimed initial construction date of 1666, it is one of the oldest surviving buildings in the Rehoboth area.
Description and history
The house stands in a rural area of northern Rehoboth, on the south side of Agricultural Avenue east of its junction with Rocky Hill Road. It is a -story, wood-framed house, with a gabled roof, roughly centered chimney, and an ell extending to the right side. It is oriented facing west, and has an asymmetrically arranged six-bay front facade. Its main entrance is in the third bay from the left, sheltered by a small porch with a segmented-arch pediment. The third bay from the right exhibits evidence of once also housing an entrance, but now houses a window.
The house has a complex construction history, which may begin as early as 1666, making it one of the oldest houses in the region, and one of the few to survive King Philip's War, which ravaged the area in the 1670s. The property was traditionally owned by Jonathan Bliss, and the southern three bays are said to have been built by him. Architectural evidence suggests that this portion was built before 1740. The northern extension was made in the mid-18th century. The southern ell is a three-bay timber-framed former barn, which also dates to the 18th century. It was in the Bliss family into at least the 20th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 6, 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Rehoboth, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Donald Paul Black (July 20, 1916 or 1917 – April 21, 1959) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for six seasons in the American League with the Philadelphia Athletics and Cleveland Indians. In 154 career games, Black pitched 797 innings and posted a win–loss record of 34–55, with 37 complete games, four shutouts, and a 4.35 earned run average (ERA).
Born in Salix, Iowa, he played minor league baseball in Fairbury, Nebraska, and Petersburg, Virginia, before signing with the Philadelphia Athletics. He played with them for three seasons before being released. Black signed with the Cleveland Indians at the end of 1945, and after a season with them joined Alcoholics Anonymous. After completing the program, during the off season, he then played two more seasons with Cleveland, pitching a no-hitter on July 10, 1947. On September 13, 1948, Black suffered a cerebral hemorrhage on the field, which marked the end of his professional career. After a comeback attempt, Black went on to become a sports announcer and salesman. He died in 1959.
Early life and minor leagues
Black was born in Salix, Iowa. He had his first taste of professional baseball in 1937, when he was signed by the Fairbury Jeffs of the Nebraska State League. The Jeffs were the rookie-level minor league team of the St. Louis Browns farm system. He played alongside two others who would later make the major leagues, George Bradley and Johnny Lucadello. Black pitched in 26 games for the Jeffs, posting a 5-11 record, 154 innings pitched, and a 4.85 ERA. He spent the next three years out of professional baseball, then signed a contract with the Petersburg Rebels of the Virginia League.
Black spent the 1941 and 1942 seasons with the Rebels. In 1941, he pitched in 19 games, starting 16 of them. He won 11 games, lost five, and had an ERA of 2.35. He also threw the first no-hitter of his career that season. The following season, Black pitched in 34 games for the rebels, tying for the team lead with Lou Knerr. He pitched 235 innings, winning 18 games, losing 11, and finishing with an ERA of 2.49. Black was selected for the 1942 Virginia League All-Star game, though did not attend as, instead, he was at the hospital where his wife gave birth to their second child, a daughter. He also threw the second no-hitter of his career, which led to a tryout with the Philadelphia Athletics.
Philadelphia Athletics
When he was called up by the Athletics, Black worked to earn a spot on the roster in spring training. After performances which included a 2–0 victory over the University of Delaware baseball team where he struck out three in an inning, he was awarded a spot on the Athletics' roster for the 1943 Philadelphia Athletics season. That pitching rotation featured many other rookie pitchers including Jesse Flores. Black made his major league debut on April 24, 1943 and was in the Athletics' starting rotation most of the season. He had some early success in his career, pitching a one-hitter on May 30 against the St. Louis Browns in a 3–0 victory. Black finished the season with a 6–16 record, a 4.20 ERA, and 208 innings pitched. He also pitched 110 bases on balls, and hit six batters with pitches; both numbers were second highest in the American League.
Black remained in the starting rotation at the beginning of the 1944 Philadelphia Athletics season, despite the possibility of him being drafted into the United States Army for World War II. He was rejected for military service after a physical examination on June 22, and remained with the team throughout the season. His win total improved from last season; however, he went a span of about a month, from June 28 until late July, without a victory. He finished the season with a 10–12 record, a 4.06 ERA, and 27 games started, second highest on the team behind Bobo Newsom. At the end of the season, there were rumors that manager Connie Mack was planning to trade Black and Frankie Hayes to Cleveland for Jim Bagby, Jr. and Jeff Heath, though Mack stated there was no substance to the rumors.
The following season, Black was part of an optimistic Athletics team, so much so that coach Earle Mack felt Black, Newsom, Flores, and Russ Christopher were the best quartet of starting pitchers in the league. He started the season being considered the ace of the staff, as the others in the rotation were either battling injury or not yet fully conditioned. His third season in the majors, however, ended with little success. Early on in the season, Black missed some playing time as a result of a badly bruised finger. He was later suspended for a month for violation of team rules. Upon his return, Connie Mack noted that it would be Black's "last chance" to avoid trouble. He finished the season with a 5–11 record and a 5.17 ERA. This was Black's final season on the Athletics. At the conclusion of the season, he was sold to the Cleveland Indians for an undisclosed amount. Connie Mack later stated he regretfully fired him due to his alcohol use, leading to him not being dependable as a pitcher.
Cleveland Indians
Black began the 1946 Cleveland Indians season as a member of the roster, looking to see playing time in an established starting rotation. His season began inauspiciously when he was hit on the chin with a ball, causing him to miss a week during spring training. The 1946 season marked the first time Black did not finish on the major league roster. After pitching in 18 games for the Indians, he was sent to the Milwaukee Brewers of the American Association. While with the Brewers, Black failed to win any games, and at one point was suspended after he disappeared during a road trip. At the conclusion of the season, Indians owner Bill Veeck had a talk with Black, who admitted he had a problem with drunkenness. He agreed to spend the winter with Alcoholics Anonymous with Veek's help, and by the time the 1947 Cleveland Indians season began, Black was sober.
The year 1947 became a career year for the now-sober Black. There was optimism in the Indians clubhouse regarding his talent, with manager Lou Boudreau saying that Black was "a leading candidate for one of our starting jobs." In his first pitching appearance of the season against the Detroit Tigers, a tough 5–3 victory, someone in the press box said, "I wonder what he'd give for a slug of bourbon", to which he replied, "All I wanted in that situation was a fresh stick of chewing gum. Bourbon doesn't even tempt me." He followed this with a 1–0 shutout win against the Chicago White Sox. A game against his former team, the Philadelphia Athletics, became the highlight of his career. On July 10, 1947, Black no-hit the Athletics 3-0 at Cleveland Stadium, allowing six walks and five strikeouts in besting Bill McCahan—himself a no-hit pitcher on September 3 of that 1947 season. Only Eddie Joost came close to getting a hit on Black, hitting a ball in the eighth inning that just barely went foul. On top of his no-hit performance, Black had two singles and a squeeze bunt that day. He was modest about his performance afterwards, saying "My control was pretty bad. I got behind on a lot of hitters, but they didn't seem to hit me." Black finished the season with ten wins, 12 losses, a 3.92 ERA, eight complete games, and three shutouts. At the end of the season, he was planning to play in the Cuban Winter League along with fellow Indians Bob Feller and Al López, though this did not eventuate. During the off-season, Black returned to his hometown of Salix, where he was given a key to the city and made honorary mayor for a day.
The 1948 Cleveland Indians season began with Black maintaining a spot in the starting rotation. He had spent the off-season selling tickets for the Indians in Hot Springs, Arkansas. After signing a new contract, Black earned his first victory of 1948 on May 23 in a doubleheader against the New York Yankees, winning 5–1 in the second game. Early on in the season, due to the Indians' pitching depth, Black, along with Al Gettel and Bob Muncrief, lost their starting jobs and were moved to the bullpen, though there were plans to still use Black occasionally as a starter. He missed some playing time in June as the result of a bone chip in his left big toe, suffered during batting practice. He pitched for the Indians for most of the rest of the season, making ten starts in 18 total appearances, finishing the season with two wins and losses, a 5.37 ERA, and 52 innings pitched.
About a month before the end of the season, Black pitched his final professional baseball game. During the height of the 1948 pennant race, on September 13 in Cleveland, Black suffered a cerebral hemorrhage while batting in the second inning during a home game against the St. Louis Browns. He had fouled off a pitch into the upper deck of the stadium, and then collapsed holding onto his neck. He was able to walk to the dugout, but had lost consciousness by the time an ambulance arrived. Black was taken to St. Vincent Charity Hospital and was conscious for a time, but lapsed into a coma. His doctor noted that he was likely to make a full recovery, though he was "through with baseball for this year and possibly for good." After a few days in critical condition, he had begun to recover and his condition was reported to have improved greatly.
In response to Black's injury, the Indians hosted a "Don Black Night" on September 23 in a game against the Boston Red Sox to help raise money for his medical bills. In that game, watched by 76,772 fans, the Indians raised $40,370 for Black as they won the game, 5-2. The Indians went on to defeat the Red Sox in a one-game playoff for the American League pennant and the Boston Braves in six games in the 1948 World Series as Black recovered in the hospital. After the Indians won the World Series, Lou Boudreau said that the Indians won the title in his honor.
Later life
After a stay of six weeks, Black was released from the hospital in late October 1948. He continued to suffer from headaches, however, and had to have further surgery done in December to remove a weak spot in an artery near his head. He was released from the hospital shortly afterward, but by the start of 1949 his time with the Indians was over, as Veeck stated he would not accept the responsibility of allowing Black to pitch again, though said "If Black is determined to try it again, I won't stand in his way." This statement, however, did not keep Black away, as he signed a contract in late January with the Indians for the same amount as the previous season. After pitching with the Indians in Florida in spring training, he returned to Cleveland and decided to retire temporarily, citing that he felt too weak to be effective. He made one final pitching appearance before retiring in an exhibition game against the Pittsburgh Pirates on July 13, pitching two innings for the Indians in a 1–0 loss.
After his retirement from baseball, Black went on to become a sportscaster, automobile salesman and insurance salesman. He lived with his wife, Joyce, and his two daughters, Stevie and Donna, in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. In December 1957, Black was injured in a car accident in Virginia, leaving him in critical condition. He recovered and spent the summer of 1958 teaching for the city recreation department. The following year, on April 21, 1959, Black died in Cuyahoga Falls while watching an Indians game at his home.
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
1910s births
1959 deaths
Baseball players from Iowa
People from Woodbury County, Iowa
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Athletics players
Cleveland Indians players
People from Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
Zébala is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 312 square kilometers and includes 8 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 17,278. The town of Zébala, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 35 km east-southeast of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The 1914 municipal election was held December 14, 1914 to elect a mayor and six aldermen to sit on Edmonton City Council and three trustees to sit on each of the public and separate school boards.
There were ten aldermen on city council, but four of the positions were already filled: Joseph Clarke, Rice Sheppard, J. A. Kinney, and Robert Douglas were all elected to two-year terms in 1913 and were still in office. Alexander Campbell had also been elected to a two-year term, but had resigned. Accordingly, the fifth-place finisher from the north side of the North Saskatchewan River - W C Mcarthur - was elected to a one-year term to replace Campbell.
There were seven trustees on the public school board, but four of the positions were already filled: Walter Ramsey, Samuel Barnes, A E May, and J S Hill had been elected to two-year terms in 1913. The same was true of the separate board, where D J Gilmurray, J O'Neill, Joseph Henri Picard, and E P O'Donnell were continuing.
Voter turnout
There were 10220 ballots cast out of 32246 eligible voters, for a voter turnout of 31.4%.
Results
bold indicates elected
italics indicate incumbent
South Side indicates representative for Edmonton's South Side, with a minimum South Side representation instituted after the city of Strathcona, south of the North Saskatchewan River, amalgamated into Edmonton on February 1, 1912.
Mayor
William Thomas Henry - 8021
Joseph Adair - 1964
Aldermen
James Ramsey - 7286
Samuel Wallace Williamson - 5,905
Robert Neville Frith - 5836
Joseph Henri Picard - 5814
William Campbell McArthur - 5506
Hugh Alfred Calder - 4871 (South Side)
Archibald Menzies McDonald - 3,166
Joseph Driscoll - 2,546
Alexander Clubb - 2,049
James East - 1,908
Charles Gowan - 1,700
Isidore Tremblay - 1,114
John Hilton Treble - 844
Tom Fraser Mayson - 470
Public school trustees
Charles Gibbs, J J McKenzie, and William Rea were elected. Detailed information is no longer available.
Separate (Catholic) school trustees
A H Esch, Joseph Gariépy, and M J O'Farrell'' were elected. Detailed results are no longer available.
References
Election History, City of Edmonton: Elections and Census Office
1914
1914 elections in Canada
1914 in Alberta
The Turkey national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Turkey and is controlled by the Turkish Football Federation. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship, held every year. The Under-19 UEFA tournament originally began as the FIFA Junior Tournament between 1948 and 1954. It has since been renamed a number of times, most notably referred to as the UEFA European U-18 Championship between 1981 and 2001. The tournament was renamed as the UEFA European U-19 Championship in 2002, but importantly the overall statistics are collated from 1948. In addition, every even year, the top five teams from the respective UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship compete in the FIFA U-20 World Cup the following year.
Competitive record
UEFA European U-19 Championship record*
*The tournament originally began in 1948 and has had a number of different names. The tournament was renamed as the UEFA European U-19 Championship in 2002, but importantly the overall statistics are collated from 1948.
**Draws include knockout matches decided by penalty shoot-out.
***Silver background colour indicates that Turkey finished as runner-up.
Q - Denotes qualified for the FIFA U-20 World Cup held the following year.
Individual awards
In addition to team victories, Turkish players have won individual awards at UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
*Award was shared with other players.
Results and fixtures
2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship
Qualifiers
Elite Round – Group 1
Current squad
The following players were called up for the 2023 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualification matches.
Match dates: 21, 24 and 27 September 2022
Opposition: , ,
Caps and goals correct as of:''' 21 September 2022, after the match against
See also
Turkey national football team
Turkey national under-21 football team
Turkey national under-20 football team
Turkey national under-19 football team
Turkey national under-17 football team
Turkey national youth football team
References
under
European national under-19 association football teams
Barbara Slavin (born 1951) is an American journalist and foreign policy expert. She is a Washington correspondent for Al Monitor and acting director of the Future of Iran Initiative at the Atlantic Council's South Asia Center. She is the author of a book about Iran–United States relations.
Early life
Barbara Slavin graduated from Harvard University, where she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Russian language and literature.
Career
Slavin was an editor of the Week in Review in The New York Times. She was also a correspondent for The Economist in Cairo, Egypt, and Senior Diplomatic Reporter for USA Today. Additionally, she was Assistant Managing Editor for World and National Security at The Washington Times. She has also written for Business Week, Newsday, and The Los Angeles Times. She is now a Washington correspondent for Al-Monitor.
Slavin was a scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in June–August 2006. She was also a senior fellow at the United States Institute of Peace, where she authored a report titled Mullahs, Money, and Militias. She is acting director of the Future of Iran Initiative at the Atlantic Council.
Slavin is the author of Bitter Friends, Bosom Enemies: Iran, the U.S., and the Twisted Path to Confrontation. The book starts with a description of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as a representative of the "new generation" despised by the Iranian elite, followed by an explanation of the way Ali Khamenei manipulates different loci of polity like the Revolutionary Guards, the mullahs, the reformers and the oppositions. Slavin then assesses the discontent of the younger generation born after the Iranian Revolution, and analyzes aspects of the antagonism between the United States and Iran with regards to their respective relations with the Arab world. In a review for Foreign Affairs, L. Carl Brown, a professor of history at Princeton University, notes that Slavin describes the Revolutionary Guards as "part-military, part mafia". In another review for The Middle East Journal, John Limbert, a professor of international affairs at the United States Naval Academy, notes that Slavin uses many "small but revealing vignettes" to illustrate her analyses.
In an article for the Lowy Institute for International Policy in January 2017, Slavin described President Donald Trump as "a neophyte populist politician whose promise to 'make America great again' is based on a deeply pessimistic view of the American status quo and the world order." She added, "Our new president has a lot to learn and has shown a limited capacity to evolve."
Works
References
External links
Living people
1951 births
Harvard University alumni
American women journalists
21st-century American women
Khary Stockton (born September 15, 1971 in Alexandria, Virginia) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent his entire career in the lower U.S. and Brazilian divisions. Since 2007, he is the head coach of the University of the District of Columbia.
Career
Stockton attended the College of William and Mary, playing on the men's soccer team from 1989 to 1992. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1993. That year, he began his professional career with the newly established Richmond Kickers in the USISL. He played six games, scored three goals and then moved to Brazil. In September 1993, he signed with Atlético Sorocaba in the Brazilian Third Division. On May 27, 1994, he joined A.E. Velo Clube in the Brazilian Second Division. In 1995, he moved back to the United States where he rejoined the Kickers who went on to win the 1995 U.S. Open Cup. On February 8, 1996, the MetroStars selected Stockton in the 12th round of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. On March 26, 1996, the MetroStars waived Stockton as part of a preseason roster reduction. He then moved to the Milwaukee Rampage. In 1997, he spent a single season with the Carolina Dynamo. He moved again for the 1998 season, this time to the New Orleans Storm before playing for the Lehigh Valley Steam in 1999. The Steam folded at the end of the season and he played for the Northern Virginia Royals in 2000. In 2001, he moved to the Milwaukee Rampage before finishing his career with the Richmond Kickers in 2002 and 2003.
Stockton spent three seasons as an assistant at The Catholic University of America. On July 16, 2007, he became the head coach at the University of the District of Columbia.
References
External links
University of District of Columbia
USL Player Profile
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
Catholic University of America people
American expatriate soccer players
Soccer players from Alexandria, Virginia
North Carolina Fusion U23 players
Clube Atlético Sorocaba players
Lehigh Valley Steam players
Milwaukee Rampage players
New Orleans Riverboat Gamblers players
Northern Virginia Royals players
Richmond Kickers players
USISL players
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
UDC Firebirds men's soccer coaches
William & Mary Tribe men's soccer players
Sportspeople from Alexandria, Virginia
1971 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
American expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
New Orleans Storm players
Catholic University Cardinals
Nicola Antonio Monti (August 16, 1736 - December 19, 1795) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassical style.
Biography
Born in Ascoli Piceno, he first trained locally under Biagio Miniera, then traveled to Rome to study under Pompeo Batoni. He was active in Ascoli, Perugia, Rome, and Fermo. He painted for the Church of Santa Maria in Monterone, Rome. The Cathedral of Ascoli Piceno has a painting depicting the Miracle of Bread and Fishes (1782). He painted a St Anne, Virgin, and young St John the Baptist (1769) for the church of San Domenico in Ascoli. He died in poverty.
References
External links
1736 births
1795 deaths
People from the Province of Ascoli Piceno
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Rococo painters
Glaphyria bilinealis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Cuba, Jamaica, Puerto Rico and on the Virgin Islands.
References
Moths described in 1794
Glaphyriini
The Swiss Cup 2007-08 (Swisscom Cup) is the 83rd season of Switzerland's football knockout competition. The winner was FC Basel. AC Bellinzona qualified for the UEFA Cup after finishing as runner-up due to Basel qualifying for the UEFA Champions League.
Format
In season 2007-08 the tournament structure was changed. The 10 clubs from the Swiss Super League as well as the 17 clubs of the Swiss Challenge League qualified directly for the cup and entered in the round of 64. FC Vaduz were not included in the cup as they play in the Liechtenstein Cup. 11 clubs from the 1st league as well as 26 clubs from the amateur leagues had to qualify in regional tournaments for the Swisscom Cup. This was played in the knockout system. Each round was held earlier because of the Euro 2008. The final was held in April instead of May or June.
Each match was played over ninety minutes with extra time and a penalty shootout if required.
Round of 64 (15 and 16 September 2007) : The winning teams qualify for the 1/32 Finals.
Round of 32 (20 and 21 October 2007) : The winning teams qualify for the 1/16 Finals.
Round of 16 (24 and 25 of November 2007) : The winning teams qualify for the Quarter-Finals.
Quarter Finals (15 and 16 of December 2007) : The winning teams qualify for the Semi-Finals.
Semifinals (27 and 28 of February 2008) : 4 teams, the victors qualify for the Final.
Final (6 April 2008) : The victor wins the 83rd Swiss cup.
Participating teams
Round of 64
Teams in the Super League and Challenge league are seeded cannot play each other. The team that is in a lower league plays at home advantage.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|14 September 2007
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|15 September 2007
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|16 September 2007
|}
Round of 32
Super League teams cannot play each other. A team in a lower league plays at home.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|20 October 2007
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|21 October 2007
|}
Round of 16
In this round there is no seeding. Lower league teams play at home.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|24 November 2007
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|25 November 2007
|}
Quarter-finals
In this round there is no seeding.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|15 December 2007
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|16 December 2007
|}
Semi-finals
In this round there is no seeding.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#99CCCC"|27 February 2008
|}
Final
This final did not take place in the traditional location of the Stade de Suisse in Bern. The pitch was being changed at the Stade de Suisse in order to be able to ready in June for the UEFA Euro 2008. As the replacement the St. Jakob-Park in Basel was picked. Also the date of the match was moved because of Euro 2008. The Final took place on 6 April 2008.
Swiss Cup seasons
Swiss Cup
Swiss Cup
Unorthodox is a German-American drama television miniseries that debuted on Netflix on March 26, 2020. The first Netflix series to be primarily in Yiddish, it is inspired by Deborah Feldman's 2012 autobiography, Unorthodox: The Scandalous Rejection of My Hasidic Roots. The four-part miniseries was created and written by Anna Winger and Alexa Karolinski, and directed by Maria Schrader.
The series received eight Primetime Emmy Award nominations, including Outstanding Limited Series, Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series (Shira Haas), and Outstanding Writing for a Limited Series (Anna Winger), winning for Outstanding Directing for a Limited Series (Maria Schrader).
Premise
Esty, a 19-year-old Jewish woman, is living unhappily in an arranged marriage among the Satmar sect of the ultra-Orthodox community in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City. She runs away to Berlin, where her estranged mother lives, and tries to navigate a secular life, discovering life outside her community and rejecting all of the beliefs she grew up with. Her husband, who learns that she is pregnant, travels to Berlin with his cousin, by order of their rabbi, to try to find her.
Cast and characters
Main
Shira Haas as Esther "Esty" Shapiro
Amit Rahav as Yakov "Yanky" Shapiro
Jeff Wilbusch as Moishe Lefkovitch
Recurring
Episodes
Production
The series was inspired by, and is loosely based on, the memoir Unorthodox: The Scandalous Rejection of My Hasidic Roots by Deborah Feldman, who left the Satmar movement, a Hasidic community in New York City. The show has language switching from English to Yiddish to German. The show was written by Anna Winger and Alexa Karolinski, directed by Maria Schrader, produced by Karolinski, and filmed in Berlin. The music academy in Unorthodox is based on the Barenboim-Said Akademie. Anna Winger told The Guardian: "There's a real music academy called the Barenboim-Said Akademie where Jews and Muslims play classical music together, like a whole utopia. We were inspired by this idea, as the sort of institution that could only begin in Berlin."
Unorthodox is the first Netflix series to be primarily in Yiddish.
Feldman approached writers Winger and Karolinski to turn her autobiography into a television series. They took on the project in part because the story meshed with several topics of mutual interest, especially the challenges of being Jewish in Germany. Winger said that the story "has a kind of doubling back on history", portraying a Jewish character who escapes the "confines of her own life" by returning "to the source of her community's trauma". Because Feldman is a public figure, the writers veered from her life in the fictional Berlin sequences, but based the flashbacks on the book.
An early hire was actor and Yiddish specialist Lili Rosen, who translated the scripts, coached the actors, helped with cultural details, and played the rabbi. The production team took two research trips to the Brooklyn neighborhood of Williamsburg, touring buildings and meeting with the community of Satmar Jews, where part of the story is set. Cast in Germany, Jeff Wilbusch was unique among the four lead actors in being a native Yiddish speaker from the Satmar community (via the Mea Shearim neighborhood of Jerusalem).
Filming began in New York, then relocated to Berlin, where the production designer built interior sets at CCC Filmstudios that synced with the Brooklyn exteriors. Berlin locations include Potsdamer Platz, which served as the set for the music academy and surroundings, and the Wannsee lake (Großer Wannsee), where, as referenced in the story, the "Final Solution" was planned at a shoreline villa.
For the production and costume designers, the project presented the challenge of creating a period film set in the present day, with the main character gradually transitioning between them. The two-day filming of the wedding was a complex undertaking, involving about a hundred extras that had to accurately depict a nuanced cultural celebration. "The joke on the show was that the men required way more hair and make-up than the women", Winger said. Costume designer Justine Seymour obtained some of the clothes in Williamsburg, but not the costly fur hats, shtreimels, which were made by a Hamburg-based theater company, using fake fur, instead of minks.
Reception
Critical response
Unorthodox received widespread critical acclaim. The review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 96%, based on 49 reviews, with an average rating of 8.2/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "Unorthodox adapts its source material with extreme care, crafting a series that is at once intimate and urgent, all centered around Shira Haas' captivating performance." On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 85 out of 100, based on 11 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".
The miniseries has also been criticized for badly portraying the Hasidic community by Leah Aharoni, who said that the show's depiction of Orthodox / Haredi / Hasidic Jews resembled that of "primitive tribes", and by Julie Joanes, who wrote that spiritual practices depicted in the show were taken out of context.
Accolades
Making Unorthodox documentary
Netflix released a 20-minute documentary, Making Unorthodox, that chronicles the creative process and filming of the miniseries, and discussed the differences between the book and the TV show.
See also
Menashe (2017 film)
One of Us (2017 film)
Leaving the Fold (2008 documentary film)
Let There Be Light (2007 film)
References
External links
2020 American television series debuts
2020 American television series endings
2020s American drama television miniseries
2020s German drama television series
Anti-Orthodox Judaism sentiment
English-language television shows
Films about Orthodox and Hasidic Jews
German-language Netflix original programming
German television miniseries
Hasidic Judaism in popular culture
Jews and Judaism in Berlin
Jews and Judaism in Brooklyn
Religious drama television series
Television series about Jews and Judaism
Television shows based on books
Television shows set in Berlin
Television shows set in New York City
Yiddish culture in Germany
Yiddish-language mass media in the United States
Krysada Panusith Phounsiri (born March 20, 1988) is a Lao-American artist and engineer based in San Diego, California.
Family life
He emigrated to America with his family in 1989 from Hoyaxai, Bokeo, Laos. He is nicknamed "Binly" in many circles. He grew up in San Diego, California. He obtained his United States citizenship in November, 2009.
Education
Krysada Panusith Phounsiri attended Eastlake High School in Chula Vista, California. He graduated from University of California, Berkeley in 2010 with a Physics & Astrophysics Double Major with a Minor in Poetry.
Writing and dance
His work has been featured in the Journal of Southeast Asian American Education and Advancement, Little Laos on the Prairie, the Twin Cities Daily Planet, Asian American Press, and the Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center's “A Day In The Life Of Asian America” digital exhibit.
Krysada Panusith Phounsiri's debut collection of poetry “Dance Among Elephants,” was published by Sahtu Press in 2015. It is a collection of poetry and photography that explored the challenge of identity politics, ideology, and the music of relationships between families and communities rebuilding their lives. It was released during the 40th anniversary of the Lao Diaspora that began with the end of the Laotian Secret War in 1975.
He pushes his passion for dancing, mainly the Hip Hop Street Dance known as Breaking, by traveling to various regions of the world to compete in competitions and teach workshops. He is also involved in developing the Snap Pilots Photography Project; a venture he and a friend created.
Professional life and community service
Krysada Panusith Phounsiri volunteers regularly with the Laotian American community, particularly in Southern California and for national organizations such as Laotian American National Alliance.
Awards and recognition
Solo Boy Champion in Sweet Addiction 2007 in San Luis Potosí
Footwork Champion at Mighty 4 San Francisco 2007
Two-on-Two Champion at Headhunters Eight-Year Anniversary in San Jose 2008
1st Place at UC Davis Battle at the Buzz 2009
1st Place at Skills to Pay the Bills 2010 in Vallejo, CA
All Styles Champion at Town to the Boogie Down 2010 in Hayward, CA
Redbull BC One Semi-Finalist 2012 in San Diego, CA
Illest 2014 Crew Battle Champions | Pro Breaking Tour in Orange County, CA
Style Elements 2014 Crew Battle Champions | Pro Breaking Tour in San Jose, CA
Cell-E-Brate All Styles Champion and Breaking Battle Finalist in San Francisco, CA
All the Way Live 2014 Crew Battle Champions in Fremont, CA
Breaks Kru 2014 Anniversary Finalist in New York, NY
R16 North American Solo Bboy Champion 2014 in Las Vegas, NV
Circa 2015 Crew Battle Champions | Pro Breaking Tour in Las Vegas, NV
Warsaw Challenge 2015 Crew Battle Champions in Warsaw, Poland
West Coast Rockers Anniversary Finalist in Fullerton, CA
2015 San Diego Delegate to the 2nd National Lao American Writers Summit.
2016 Rhysling Award for Best Poem of the Year, Long Form, Science Fiction Poetry Association (Tie)
References
External links
Snap Pilots Photography
Binly AKA Lancer, Laotian American National Alliance, 2010
The Poetry of Breaking, Lao Americans, July 5, 2012
Dance Among Elephants, Sahtu Press
Sahtu Press Announces Forthcoming Title "Dance Among Elephants" Little Laos on the Prairie, October 20, 2014
Dance Among Elephants Available for Pre-Order, Asian American Press
An Interview with Krysada Phounsiri, Sahtu Press
Break-Dancer and Systems Engineer, Krysada Phounsiri aka Binly is a philosophical BBoy People With Careers Podcast
Selected poems of Krysada Binly Panusith Phounsiri, Journal of Southeast Asian American Education and Advancement
1988 births
Living people
American people of Laotian descent
People from San Diego
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Laotian poets
People from Bokeo province
American writers of Laotian descent
Writers from California
21st-century American poets
American male poets
21st-century American male writers
"Tobacco Road" is a blues song written and first recorded by John D. Loudermilk in December 1959 and released in 1960. This song became a hit for The Nashville Teens in 1964 and has since become a standard across several musical genres.
Loudermilk original
Originally framed as a folk song, "Tobacco Road" was a semi-autobiographical tale of growing up in Durham, North Carolina. Released on Columbia Records, it was not a hit for Loudermilk, achieving only minor chart success in Australia. Other artists, however, immediately began recording and performing the song.
Nashville Teens hit
The English group The Nashville Teens' garage rock/blues rock rendering was a bold effort featuring prominent piano, electric guitar, and bass drum parts and a dual lead vocal. Mickie Most produced it with the same tough-edged-pop feel that he brought to The Animals' hits. "Tobacco Road" was a trans-Atlantic pop hit in 1964, reaching number 6 on the UK singles chart and number 14 on the U.S. singles chart. While the Teens would have some further success in the UK, in the U.S. "Tobacco Road" became another one-hit wonder of the British Invasion.
The Jefferson Airplane recorded a version of Tobacco Road on their first album, Jefferson Airplane Takes Off in 1966. One of only 2 songs on their first album a member of the band had not written. Takes Off was the only album they recorded with their original lead singer Signe Anderson. Signe, who was a fabulous vocalist for JA, left the band to be a full time parent of her newly born child, which is when JA recruited Grace Slick from the band Great Society. Their sound on Takes Off and on Tobacco Road with Signe was melodic folk rock. However with the addition of Grace Slick the Chrome Nun, who brought White Rabbit with her, they became much more rock and less folk on the next album and kept heading in that direction.
Later versions and uses
In the 1970s, songwriters Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman claimed to have been inspired by "Tobacco Road" while writing The Sweet's "Block Buster!", after accusations of stealing the guitar riff from David Bowie's "Jean Genie".
The song became a hit for Edgar Winter on his debut album Entrance and he plays a 17-minute live version of the song on the double LP Roadwork from 1972.
Roy Clark included the song on his 1986 album Rockin' in the Country. His version peaked at number 56 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart.
References
External links
Loudermilk fan site – extensive history of song and recorded versions.
1960 songs
1964 singles
1970 singles
British garage rock songs
British blues rock songs
Eric Burdon songs
War (American band) songs
David Lee Roth songs
Roy Clark songs
North Carolina in fiction
Songs about roads
Songs written by John D. Loudermilk
Song recordings produced by Jerry Goldstein (producer)
Song recordings produced by Mickie Most
Songs about poverty
Decca Records singles
London Records singles
MGM Records singles
Evropa (English: Europe) is the fourth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 2001.
Track listing
Divided into two: the first eight songs were new and first released on this album, while the last eight songs appeared on her previous albums and were bonuses on this album.
NEW SONGS
Evropa (Europe)
Umri (Die, featuring Pit Kordus on guitar)
Neka pati, sve nek' plati (Suffer, Pay For Everything)
Ne vraćam se ja na staro (I Won't Return to the Old)
Bolje i da ne vidim (Better If I Do Not See)
Idi nek' te sreća prati (Go, Let the Happiness Follow You)
Samo se jednom živi (You Only Live Once)
Mesec sija (The Moon is Shining)
OLD SONGS AS BONUS TRACKS
Samo (Only)
Sve što sam imala (Everything That I Had)
Svaka se greška plaća (Every Sin is Paid For)
Neću da ostarim (I Do Not Want to Grow Old, titled "Moje srce ostariti ne sme" (My Heart is Not Allowed to Age) on previous album)
Gori, gori stara ljubav (It Burns, It Burns, the Old Love)
Zajedno do kraja (Together Until the End, featuring Jovan Mihaljica)
Biću tvoja (I'll Be Yours, featuring Đani)
Ćiki, ćiki
References
2001 albums
Stoja albums
Grand Production albums
Alexis Cruz (born September 29, 1974) is an American actor, known for his performances as Rafael in Touched by an Angel and as Skaara in Stargate and Stargate SG-1.
Biography
Cruz was born in The Bronx of Puerto Rican descent. His mother, Julia, was a songwriter. He currently resides in Los Angeles. He started his acting career when he was 9. However, when he was 13, and was auditioning for a role, the director explained to him that he was a bad actor, so Cruz decided to enter The School of Performing Arts that same year.
Cruz appeared as assistant D.A. Martin Allende in the legal drama Shark, with co-stars James Woods and Jeri Ryan. In the 1998 film Why Do Fools Fall In Love, Cruz played the role of Herman Santiago, one of the original members of the rock and roll group The Teenagers. Along with Erick Avari, he is one of only two actors to appear in both the original Stargate film and the spin-off series Stargate SG-1.
Filmography
Film
Television
Videogames
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
References
External links
Alexis Cruz On The Net - Official Fansite
Alexis Cruz Fan Page ( ( 2009-10-25)
Stargate Wiki: Alexis Cruz
1974 births
Male actors from New York City
People from the Bronx
American male film actors
American male television actors
American people of Puerto Rican descent
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
Living people
Male actors from California
People from Los Angeles
The Gilded Cage is a 1908 oil painting by Irish artist Saint George Hare, one of several of his shackled female images including his more famous The Victory of Faith.
It depicts a lone, sleeping woman shackled by the wrists to a column while butterflies fly past. Its title may have been inspired by the 1900 song "A Bird in a Gilded Cage" and the painting may have symbolic meaning.
According to the National Gallery of Victoria (Australia), "The depiction of naked women in chains seemed to hold a special interest for Hare, and he returned to the subject frequently".
Despite the captive's partial nudity she retains her innocence as her state of being disrobed is forced upon her by her captors rather than being her own choice.
References
1908 paintings
Irish paintings
The Allison-Reinkeh House is a historic house in Hamilton, Montana, U.S.. It was built in 1889 for Martha Allison-Reinkeh, a homesteader from New York. Prior to moving to Montana, she married William C. Reinkeh, and they ran the Allison Telegraph Institute in Philadelphia. The Reinkehs became large landowners in Montana. The house was later purchased by William Fullerton, followed by Robert Kolski.
The house was designed in the Queen Anne architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since August 26, 1988.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Ravalli County, Montana
Victorian architecture in Montana
Queen Anne architecture in Montana
Houses completed in 1889
Houses in Ravalli County, Montana
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Hamilton, Montana
Bethel Church, also called Bethel Interdenominational Church, is a Christian religious organisation based in Mansfield Woodhouse, England, founded by John Hibbert and Jean Spademan. It has a sister church, King's Chapel, in Norwich, Connecticut. Within the movement, Spademan was known by the name "Syro" – "an obscure Biblical reference to a Syro-Phoenician woman who appeals to Jesus to save her daughter from a demon".
Founders
Jean Spademan
In 1999, Spademan had six children and over twelve grandchildren. She had children early in life and did not have much money. Her youngest daughter was adopted from Honduras – Spademan had the idea to begin a connection between Bethel Church and the Honduras orphanage Finca de los Niños. Spademan and the church had a goal to build a new orphanage, but they gave up on these plans in the mid-1980s. Spademan's residences on Ley Lane were owned by members of the church.
In an interview with the Daily Express in 2000, Spademan commented on claims by others that she said she was a prophet: "I don't believe I'm a prophet. I never said ... once I may have verged on it." Hibbert acknowledged Spademan asserted she was a prophet, and said she made such statements "only once as a means to an end in a particular circumstance". Hibbert went on to note: "I would say she fits into the prophet category (of the ministry) but not in the way the press is making it out to be, but because she is behind the scenes and she communes with God a great deal." In 1999 Spademan ruled both churches, in England and in Connecticut, through constant contact with church pastors. She communicated either in person or by telephone with Sam J. Wibberley, a pastor at the church in Connecticut.
John Hibbert
Hibbert said he wished "to know god" since he was a young child. Hibbert stated in an interview: "As a boy of 11, 12, and 13 they could not keep me away from it. I was in every single service soaking up the preaching, listening to these missionaries tell their stories. I can remember standing in these congregations ... and with tears streaming down my face and saying, 'Lord I want to do whatever you want me to do in this world. I want to be your servant for the rest of my life.'"
He was raised in central England, and attended a technical college where he received education as a draftsman. Hibbert served as an ordained minister in a Pentacostal church, and rose to the level of assistant minister in Rotherham, in a parish of the organisation Assembly of God. Hibbert is married with three daughters and an adopted boy originally from Honduras. He met Spademan in 1972: "I saw a hesitation in her eyes. I sensed she was in need. And so that was it." Hibbert commented on claims that individuals were pressured to donate funds to his organisation: "Certainly no pressure was ever put on anybody (to give)," he said. "You have never met a more selfless giving group of people than the people in this church and that includes this ministry."
England
In 2000, Spademan rarely attended services. Spademan learned of a church member's lesbian relationship in 2000, and decided to split up the pair by sending one of the girls to live at the church in Connecticut. "Syro told me she knew from God that I was doing this sinful and evil thing. I was shouted at and screamed at, shaken, prayed over and had a Bible pushed against my chest. I was upset, confused and scared," said the girl that was moved to Connecticut. The girl eventually moved back to England and left the organisation.
Along with Hibbert, another pastor at the church in England was Stephen Jeffs. Hibbert and Jeffs believed they were relaying the word of God to their congregation, as given to Spademan. Church members give ten percent of their earnings to the organisation. Members of the church participate in "deliverance" rituals, where church leadership assert that they have been informed of followers' violent and sinful thoughts. Followers are encouraged to dedicate their lives to the organisation and shun family members.
Hope International is a tax-exempt charity organisation run by Bethel Church, with a stated goal of helping individuals from Honduras. It was first registered as a charity in Britain in June 1990. British government records show that approximately US$290,000 was raised from 1995 to 1997. Over fifty-percent of the funds raised for Hope International went to church leadership and members in the form of administrative costs, employees' salaries, and lodging. As of 1999, Hibbert and Spademan were listed as trustees of Hope International, along with Spademan's son-in-law Stephen Jeffs, and her daughter Christine.
In 2009, church pastor Christopher Jenkinson, along with his wife Jennifer, planned to climb Snowdon to raise funding for poor children in Zambia. The church sent individuals to Zambia in July 2009 to assist in construction work for a missionary-led school. "I can't do much to help, but I can walk, so if people would like to sponsor me, every pound counts," said pastor Jenkinson. The school in Zambia serves as a location for 300 children to receive free education – the children also receive food free of charge each school day.
Early in 2018, the church building was advertised as for sale. As of June 2018, the International Church Mansfield has been placed into the hands of liquidators.
Connecticut
As of 1999, one of the three pastors at King's Chapel in Norwich, Connecticut was Sam J. Wibberley, who also owned a business called "Sam Wibberley Tire", and lived in Jewett City, Connecticut. Wibberley graduated from Albion College in 1973. In the 1980s, Wibberley's organisation the Dayspring Church of God became affiliated with the Bethel Church. King's Chapel has tax exempt status, which was originally granted to Dayspring Church of God in 1981. Wibberley and his wife Cynthia often travel to Bethel Church in England to visit church members there. As of 1999, Wibberley's son Christopher was married and was employed as an auto mechanic. John V. Monahan Jr. served as a pastor of the church in 1999, along with James Oakley, and Kevin F. Hamel served as youth minister.
Church services include singing accompanied by guitar music. A church member described the preaching in the service as "energized and forceful". Church values include cleanliness of one's home, and that an individual's property was seen as shared ownership with other members of the church. Church members are often quoted the Bible verse "For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he", Proverbs 23:7. Sinful thoughts are seen by some as being equated with the sin itself.
Both Wibberley, and his counterpart Hibbert in England, believe that Jean Spademan has the "gift of prophecy". Members of the King's Chapel community share possessions including money, houses, and cars. They work at the church for free, and this is seen as a sign of their faith in the movement. One of the church's mottos was "You can't outgive God". Members of the organisation live in Jewett City; church pastors encourage their followers to live there. Spademan believed that the Lord thought Jewett City was "the Jewel City", and the chosen city of God.
On 19 December 1987, a member of King's Chapel, 29-year-old Ron Allen, committed suicide shortly after being persuaded by members of the church to sell his house. "Selling that house was not what Ronald wanted. He said he was brainwashed," said his mother Edith Bolles. "They told him his house was evil because it was materialism. He was submitting himself to materialism, and he needed to get rid of that materialism. ... And by the same token, they wanted the money," said his sister Caron Wunderlich.
In December 1994, church member Martha Davis attempted to commit suicide by ingesting painkillers. She had been instructed by church pastor Kevin F. Hamel that "the Lord had informed prophet Jean Spademan" that a couple and their three daughters had to move into Davis's apartment to live with her and her son. Davis cared for the daughters for years, but felt she was neglecting her own son. "I can't tell you how devastated I was. It was such a heartbreak for me. But I was told it was God's perfect will. We were told over and over we have to surrender to Him," she said. Her son moved to England in 1994, and when Davis asked for time off from caring for the couple's daughters, Pastor Sam J. Wibberley instead instructed her to apologise to the girls. She requested that her son return from England, but Pastor John Hibbert said he would stay there because her attempt to kill herself "had ruined much of what they had accomplished with him".
Sallie Bowen, a church member with her husband from 1980 to 1998, told The New London Day that the organisation's pastors and leader Syro held a large amount of influence over their followers. Bowen said that Sam Wibberley instructed her "the Lord had told Syro I wanted to have an affair with Syro's granddaughter's husband". Bowen denied these thoughts, but Wibberley insisted: "You're trying to fool us, but you can't fool God." Bowen ended up telling her husband about the incident after being told to do so by Wibberley: "It hurt him. They hurt people's marriages. They cause divisions. We had been married several years at that point. I loved him. I never had any inclination not to be faithful to my husband. But here they are making me confess that I did," said Bowen.
British MP calls for group to be placed on register
In 2000, after critical reporting on the organisation exposed controversial practices by the group, British MP for Mansfield Alan Meale publicly requested that such religious groups and cults be placed in a register. Meale noted that if employers used the psychological methods used by Bethel Church management, employees would be able to request a significant amount of financial compensation.
"There needs to be a register to protect the people involved in these movements, their relatives and the communities in which they exist. Everyone, from parents, to social services and neighbours should be allowed to know what these organisations are. They are usually very secretive and impose huge pressures on the people in them. A register should also lay open the church's business dealings and its aims and objectives," said Meale.
Analysis
Dr. Martyn Percy of the Lincoln Theological Institute for the Study of Religion and Society, an authority on new religious movements, commented on the organisation's nature of control: "It seems to me to be a fascinating form of religious control exercised on people. If you really think people know what you think, you just don't dare step out of line. It becomes intolerable. What is absolutely unique about this church is a woman being not just a figurehead, but the prophetic leader of it."
Lonnie D. Kliever, chairman of the religion department at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, said that he did not observe evidence of brainwashing within the church. He compared individuals devoted to strict organisations such as King's Chapel to "misguided victims", commenting: It is like getting involved in a bad marriage. Some find it preferable to stay."
Mary Alice Chrnalogar, author of the 1997 book on cults, Twisted Scriptures, said she has heard of the group, and compared it to other religious groups she has dealt with: "I'm very familiar with that group. It's no different from any other cult I have worked with."
The director of the New England Institute of Religious Research in Middleboro, Massachusetts, Robert Pardon, analysed statements from ex-members of the King's Chapel organisation. Pardon stated that the group "fits the classic profile" of an abusive religious organisation. Pardon commented on Spademan's control of the group: "If you accept the premise that she hears from God and is always right, then you have no safeguards, no accountability from abuse. This is pretty scary stuff."
References
External links
Organizations based in Connecticut
Mansfield District
Religion in Nottinghamshire
Christian new religious movements
Organisations based in Nottinghamshire
Good Heavens is an ABC comedy anthology series produced by Columbia Pictures Television that aired between February 29 and June 26, 1976. It ranked #17 in the Nielsen ratings during the 1975-76 television season.
The main character was Mr. Angel (Carl Reiner), an emissary of heaven who came down to Earth to grant wishes to those who had performed a good deed. Episodes featured actors such as Don Ameche, Susan Dey, Sandy Duncan, Pat Harrington Jr., Florence Henderson, Alex Karras, Penny Marshall, Hugh O'Brian, Loretta Swit, Brenda Vaccaro, and Fred Willard.
Episodes
References
External links
Good Heavens at Archive of American Television
American Broadcasting Company original programming
American fantasy television series
1970s American anthology television series
Angels in television
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
1970s American sitcoms
1976 American television series debuts
1976 American television series endings
Television shows set in New York City
James Fox (born 19 November 1945) is a British journalist best known for his book White Mischief, and for co-authoring Life, the best-selling memoir of Rolling Stones' guitarist Keith Richards.
Life and career
Fox was born in Washington, D.C., U.S. and worked as a journalist in Africa as well as reporting for London's Sunday Times. His first book White Mischief is an account of the Happy Valley murder case in Kenya in 1941. He researched the book with Cyril Connolly in 1969 and it was later adapted into a film by Michael Radford in the 1980s. Fox also wrote The Langhorne Sisters, also known as Five Sisters: The Langhornes of Virginia.
He married the fashion designer Bella Freud in 2001. They have a son, James "Jimmy" Lux Fox. The couple had separated in 2017.
Bibliography
Books
Essays and reporting
References
External links
James Fox Official Publisher's Page
1945 births
Living people
Freud family
George Hope Bertram (March 12, 1847 – 20 March 1900) was a Canadian businessman and politician.
Born in Fenton Barns, Scotland to Hugh Bertram and Isabella Mack, Bertram emigrated to join his brother John in Canada in 1865. After opening a hardware store in Lindsay, Ontario, he moved to Toronto in 1876. A prominent businessman, Bertram was elected to federal parliament as a member of the House of Commons of Canada for Toronto Centre in an 1897 by-election. Bertram's daughter, Christine Mabel married William Henry Moore, a writer and lawyer who also became a Member of the Canadian House of Commons from Ontario. A Liberal, he died in office in 1900 and is buried in Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Toronto.
His brother John also served in the House of Commons.
References
1847 births
1900 deaths
Canadian Unitarians
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Scottish emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Immigrants to the Province of Canada
This is a list of leaders of the China's Government institutions. Each institution of China is headed by a chairperson or secretary, with some being more prominent than others. The paramount leader holds the highest authority of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and Government of the People's Republic of China (PRC).
Current office holders
Other important institutions
Historic office holders
See also
List of national leaders of the People's Republic of China
China politics-related lists
Lists of leaders of China
Lists of Chinese people
Statistics of Swedish football Division 3 for the 1993 season.
League standings
Norra Norrland 1993
Mellersta Norrland 1993
Södra Norrland 1993
Norra Svealand 1993
Östra Svealand 1993
Västra Svealand 1993
Nordöstra Götaland 1993
Nordvästra Götaland 1993
Mellersta Götaland 1993
Sydöstra Götaland 1993
Sydvästra Götaland 1993
Södra Götaland 1993
Footnotes
References
Swedish Football Division 3 seasons
4
Sweden
Sweden
Lailakh Mamalkha railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Baijalpur, Lailakh Mamalkha in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Isma'iliyya may refer to:
Isma'ilism
Ismailia
Ismailia Governorate
Ismaïlia Canal
See also
Esmailiyeh (disambiguation)
Dlya millionov (, meaning 'For Millions') is the eighth studio album by the Russian ska punk band, Leningrad.
Track listing
"Меня зовут Шнур" - Menya zovut Shnur - (My name is Shnur) – 2:42
"Май" - May – 2:33
"Хуйня" - Khuynya - (Bullshit) 2:54
"Менеджер" - Menedzher - (Manager) – 2:57
"Разпиздяй" - Razpizdyay - (Fuck-up) 3:02
"Оле-Оле" - Ole-Ole 3:11
"К тебе бегу" - K tebe begu - (Running to you) – 3:07
"Зина" - Zina (a Russian girl's name) - 4:27
"Хуямба" - Khuyamba - (Offensive variant of "Mamba", meaning "dick-mamba") – 2:10
"Ноу ноу фьюче" - Nou Nou Fyuche - (Transliteration of "No No Future") – 2:42
"Папа был прав" - Papa byl prav - (Daddy was right) – 2:59
"Бабу буду" - Babu budu - (I'll Do the Chick) – 3:28
"Разпиздяй" - Razpizdyay (radio version) - (Fuck-up) – 2:45
"Дороги" - Dorogi - (Roads)– 2:48
"Ленинград" - Leningrad (Bonus track)" – 2:31
2003 albums
Leningrad (band) albums
This is a list of public art in Covent Garden, a district in the City of Westminster and the London Borough of Camden.
City of Westminster
London Borough of Camden
References
Bibliography
Covent Garden
Public art
Jim McNaughton (born January 14, 1942) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964. He played college football at the Utah State University.
References
1942 births
People from Vernal, Utah
Utah State Aggies football players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
BC Lions players
American players of Canadian football
Players of American football from Utah
Living people
Lebanon Chapel AME Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church bounded by Young Street on the West and Middle Street on the North in Fairhope, Alabama. It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
African Methodist Episcopal churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County, Alabama
Churches completed in 1923
Churches in Baldwin County, Alabama
1923 establishments in Alabama
Wrecking Ball, also known by the name of the character's pilot, Hammond, is a fictional, playable character in the 2016 video game Overwatch. Hammond is an intelligent hamster who controls a quadrupedal robot mecha that can transform into a high-speed wrecking ball equipped with a grappling hook. The character was introduced in late June 2018 as the title's 28th hero, and made available for all players in late July 2018.
The concept of Wrecking Ball originated from a spheric robotic tank based on magnetism skills, conceived early in Overwatchs development, alongside a push for how "cute" they could make a hero design within the game; Wrecking Ball came about when the team, looking for a new tank character, recognized the potential linkage of ideas themed around a hamster ball.
Description
Wrecking Ball is one of the playable "hero" characters in the team-based multiplayer first-person shooter video game Overwatch. The character is a tank-class mecha robot driven by a genetically engineered hamster named Hammond. The mech's move set includes a quadpedal combat mode with automatic assault weapons known as the "Quad Cannons", and a high-speed "Roll" mode in which the mech condenses into a ball armed with a "Grappling Claw". The grappling claw can attach to surfaces and use the mech's rolling momentum to launch into enemies and the air. While in the air, the ball can slam into the ground, sucking in and damaging enemies using his "Piledriver" move. Wrecking Ball also has an "Adaptive Shield" ability, which adds temporary shields based on the count of nearby enemies. His ultimate ability is "Minefield" that scatters a proximity mine minefield around the character.
Hammond does not speak human languages, however the Wrecking Ball mech translates his voice into English. Dee Bradley Baker provides Hammond's squeaks, while Jonathan Lipow voices the mech's translation.
In the "Storm Rising" special event during April 2019, Wrecking Ball was given a new highlight introduction that parodied the Dramatic Chipmunk meme.
Development
The concept of Wrecking Ball had been proposed early in Overwatchs development cycle, though never given significant development work until after release, according to Geoff Goodman. Writer Arnold Tsang said that the idea came from two different tracks of thoughts when they were designing the first set of characters of Overwatch. One track was for a demolitionist character which would ultimately become Junkrat. One proposed idea was named "Ball Guy", a robot that could transform into a sphere and roll around. His skill kit would have included aspects of magnetism, with one ability to draw in enemy bullets, store them, and then fire them back at opponents. However, at the time, the game already had several other Omnic characters and developers did not feel the need for an additional robot. The rolling aspect became the basis of Junkrat's ultimate ability, his Riptire. Another train of thought was to see if Overwatch could support a "cute" character, and their artists came up with several animal-based concepts, including the infamous Jetpack Cat. However, none of these ideas worked within the Overwatch theme. At this point, the groups working on these two tracks came up with the idea of making a robotic hamster to be combined with the spherical tank idea, playing off the idea of a hamster ball. While they liked the idea, they decided to put the design on hold to focus on the initial roster of characters for Overwatchs release.
The team came back to explore Wrecking Ball while developing out the Horizon Lunar Colony map, which features into Winston's backstory, while at the same time planning on a new Tank hero. Previously, they had considered Winston, a super-intelligent gorilla who was part of an experimental study at Horizon, to be their most out-there idea. They were able to revisit the robotic hamster idea, but to fit into the Horizon setting, made the hamster a living creature - one of the Horizon test subjects with boosted intelligence - and gave him the spherical mech to pilot. Hammond's design was meant to be a mix of Western and Eastern art styles, somewhere between Zootopia and Hamtaro.
Jeff Kaplan stated that the goal for Hammond to be a "very disruptive, high mobility" tank that would be fun to play. Kaplan said that even within Blizzard, Wrecking Ball was a controversial character to add, with some developers thinking they had gone too far and wrecked the game. Kaplan reiterated that Wrecking Ball was designed to explore the edge of how far they could take a unique character in the game, and does not anticipate that there will be a hero more "wackier" than Wrecking Ball for future heroes.
One ability that was tested involved Wrecking Ball gaining momentum as the character rolled through the level, causing more damage to enemy heroes. However, this had unintended consequences as Wrecking Ball's momentum could be redirected by certain abilities, like Pharah's "Concussive Blast", and damage unintended targets; as Overwatch was developed to avoid friendly fire, the ability was scrapped. During this period, developers came upon the idea of including a grappling hook as part of the character's skill kit, which Goodman believed cemented the character. For the grappling hook feature to work, Blizzard had to refine some parts of how the Overwatch game was run related to their physics engine; most physics calculations were made on the client side, so how objects moved under the control of physics may appear different to all players. Blizzard had previously explored a full server-side physics engine, which was helpful for testing, but was a strain for regular matches. Enough of Wrecking Ball's physics were conducted server side for consistent behavior for all players. Developers also experimented with several variants of what would become Wrecking Ball's adaptive shield, which at one point involved the character firing off up to four beam turrets that would provide shields for the hero, but like Symmetra's turrets, these could be placed in difficult-to-hit locations, making it hard for opponents to destroy them. As Wrecking Ball was designed to fare well in clusters of opponents, the design team ultimately went with shields boosted in accordance with the number of nearby opponents. Wrecking Ball's piledriver ability was originally envisioned as his ultimate. In this iteration, the ultimate would launch Wrecking Ball up before slamming into the ground, and would have left opponents hanging in the air for five seconds. Once they added the grappling hook, these additional effects were deemed unnecessary and piledrive eventually became a regular ability.
Due to Wrecking Ball having two sets of voice lines (one for Hammond's squeaks, another for the mech's translation), Blizzard had to rework the system that characters would use at the start of matches to account for Wrecking Ball's lines. Other sound effects for the character were taken from various weapons firing recordings, and from the sound of rolling metal balls and bowling balls alongside the spinning of a hamster wheel. For voicing Hammond, Blizzard had constructed a fictional language of hamster-speak and was looking to use a mix of animal noises, such as coyotes pups, to create the voice lines. Blizzard then received an audition tape from Dee Bradley Baker, a voice actor well known for his work doing animal sounds, and Blizzard changed direction to incorporate Baker's lines.
Goodman considered that, at the time of Wrecking Ball's release, the hero would become disruptive to the metagame at the time. A frequent strategy at that point was for defenses to stack up at an objective with shield-bearing characters like Reinhardt and Orisa providing sufficient defense to make it difficult for the attacking team to break through. Existing characters like D.Va and Winston can hurl themselves behind or within enemies lines, but without support, these characters do not survive long on their own. Goodman said that with Wrecking Ball's combined abilities, the character has a way to get into a defensive line, survive long enough, and escape quickly due to the mech's mobility. Goodman said that Wrecking Ball is still fragile, as if the character is trapped or slowed, it becomes very easy to take down.
Wrecking Ball's release was an interregnum from preceding Overwatch add-on content, which was based on new villains and geopolitical conflict. While Overwatch developer Blizzard had hinted at the character's existence, the game's official Twitter account conspicuously teased the character in the days prior to its announcement in late June 2018 as the 28th playable hero on the roster. Wrecking Ball was released for public testing on the Public Test Region (PTR) the same day as the announcement. Wrecking Ball was fully added to Overwatch on all game servers on July 24, 2018.
Lore
Hammond's backstory was first introduced through changes made to the Horizon Lunar Colony map in May 2018, and later expanded upon the character's announcement. In the game's story, Hammond is a hamster and one of the test subjects at the Horizon Lunar Colony, given heightened intelligence by the human scientists, from which he gained a liking for mechanics. Amidst a test subject uprising, Hammond planned to escape to Earth alongside the gorilla Winston by tethering an escape pod to Winston's capsule. Approaching Earth, Hammond's capsule broke loose and fell into the Australian Outback, near the fictional city of Junkertown. He modified the escape pod to become a battle mech, through which he competed in Junkertown's robot combat arena under the ring name Wrecking Ball, becoming its champion.
Reception
Within gameplay, Wrecking Ball's Grappling Hook ability was described as a positive addition to the game by gaming journalists. The hook enabled players during testing in the PTR to pull off previously unused flanks on certain maps. The ability not only allows Wrecking Ball to be more mobile than previous tanks, but enables him to get to elevated locations that are out of reach of most characters. Some gaming journalists expected this to affect the metagame of Overwatch. Players also experimented with a custom game type in which they race in wrecking ball mode to traverse the game's levels the fastest. PC Gamer described the character as the game's most inventive.
Wrecking Ball had been introduced after the conclusion of the Overwatch League's inaugural season, but was available to play in 2018 finals for the Overwatch Contenders, a type of minor league to the main League. Players there had tried experimenting with Wrecking Ball, and while some of their attempts ending up costing their teams certain matches, the hero was found to fast enough to move from spawn to a control to help sustain a team's attack or defense, but required strong coordination with the rest of the team to make his other abilities useful.
While many journalists were struck by the outlandish premise of a hamster commandeering a mecha robot, the character's introduction was well received by the game's community. Lead game producer Adam Gershowitz said that Blizzard knew the character would likely be divisive within the Overwatch community, but they worked to establish a backstory and an interesting set of powers that would make Wrecking Ball's introduction fit within the game.
Through the game's story, which unfolds through the release of new in-game assets, players had expected the character to be a monkey companion to Winston, based on his scientific facility's backstory, rather than a hamster. Many players complained about the name choice of "Wrecking Ball", preferring "Hammond" instead, which is shorter and easier to use in callouts. However, Goodman stated that Blizzard would be unlikely to change the name, as the lore established that Hammond would want to keep the name "Wrecking Ball".
References
Further reading
External links
Gamepedia wiki for character stats and additional plot details
Animal characters in video games
Fictional hamsters
Fictional mecha
Fictional rodents
Genetically engineered characters in video games
Male characters in video games
Overwatch (video game) characters
Video game characters introduced in 2018
Nur Fazura Binti Sharifuddin (born 27 September 1983), better known as Fazura, is a Malaysian actress, singer, television Host, VJ and entrepreneur. She began her career in the Malaysian entertainment industry by hosting a television show and several minor acting roles. She was the host of a television show called Teens World. In 2004, she launched her film career by playing the leading role in Bicara Hati which became her break-out role and earned her an award nomination. Later in 2005, she starred in the film Gol & Gincu.
Up to 2010, she has done more than 10 featured films and countless hit TV series and dramas as well as hosting a number of television programs.
Early life and education
Fazura was born in one of the rural province at Pekan, a town in the state of Pahang in Malaysia. She is the third of four siblings, and has three brothers. Her father died on 14 September 2000. She enrolled at a Fashion Design College and studied fashion for a while before quitting after a few months saying, "because my interest in the course dwindled after a while". and accepted an offer to star in Qaisy & Laila. She was discovered and been given the big break by film producer-director, Datin Rosnani Jamil.
Career
2002–06: Early career, breakthrough and Gol and Gincu
In the Gol & Gincu film, Fazura played Putri, a bubbly-energetic girl who was suddenly being dumped by her boyfriend Eddy (Ashraf Sinclair) for Sasha (Sazzy Falak) that then decides to try and win over Eddy's heart by starting her own futsal team. 2005 also marked the first time Fazura landed the main role on a television series, Inspirion. Co-starring opposite Eizlan Yusof, the series directed by Rashid Sibir was broadcast on TV3. In 2006, Gol & Gincu went from a huge successful film onto a commercial TV series, Gol & Gincu The Series which premiered on 4 June 2006 in which Fazura reprised her role as Putri. The TV series marking Fazura second appearances in television series.
2007–2008: films and TV drama
Fazura started 2007 with more works. Fazura went to playing the lead role in the 2007 film Kayangan and was cast in two TV drama series, Datin Diaries and Kasih Suci. Fazura co-starred alongside two Indonesian actors in both Kayangan and Kasih Suci. Kayangan was released on 9 August 2007, but was considered a box-office failure. In the same year, Fazura went back to her route as a TV host to become a VJ on MTV Asia network channel. She hosted shows called MTV Jus and MTV Pop Inc. throughout the year. Fazura also reprised her role as Putri for the second season of the hit Gol & Gincu The Series which aired starting on 8 July 2007. In 2008, Fazura co-starred in the film titled Selamat Pagi Cinta playing Julia together with Pierre Andre, Sharifah Amani and Que Haidar. Later that year, Fazura was cast in another TV series playing the title character in Ezora. Premiered on 19 May, on TV3, the TV series was one of the hit drama series during the period. It premiered only for one season. Also in 2008, Fazura guest-starred on horror TV series called Keliwon.
2009–2011: Pisau Cukur, ESPN, Lagenda Budak Setan and TV movie and drama
In 2009, Fazura starred in Pisau Cukur, Fazura played a character named Intan who went to a vacation on a luxury cruise ship to cheer up her best friend Bella, played by Maya Karin, whereas while on the ship they encounter three Datuks, their wives and two children, one private detective and one die-hard-fan of Bella's. The film released on 5 November 2009 and became a box-office hit. It was the first time Fazura and Maya Karin have made a film together. In the same year, Fazura was chosen to host a reality program show alongside Rusdi Ramli called Anak Wayang as well as Malaysia's sport entertainment programme on ESPN Star Sports channel called MyEG Xtra Time! alongside Marion Caunter. In 2010, Fazura signed on as Katerina/Kate, one of the central character in the novel adaptation film, Lagenda Budak Setan and received good reviews from critics and fans alike for her performance in the film.
Fazura acted in an Islamic theme drama series and its television movie, Kitab Cinta as well as Tahajjud Cinta for Al-Hijrah and TV3 respectively.
2012–2013: House of Doll and return to TV
In 2012, Fazura ventured into fashion business by opening a boutique called 'House Of Doll', located in Bangsar, Kuala Lumpur. Her only film that year was Bujang Terlajak alongside comedians, Saiful Apek, Johan and Nabil.
The following year, Fazura return to the small screen in a 13 episodes drama on TV3, "Kisah Cinta" alongside Shaheizy Sam.
2014: Return to silver screen, music and reality TV show
Fazura returned to the silver screen in early 2014 with the release of new horror-comedy, "Kami Histeria", followed by a psychological-drama thriller, "Tembus" in the middle of 2014 and "Manisnya Cinta Di Cappadocia" in December. Fazura won the Best Actress Award at the 27th Malaysia Film Festival Awards for "Manisnya Cinta Di Cappadocia".
She also ventured into the music scene with the release of her first single, "Sayangi Dirimu" and was chosen to star in E!'s first Malaysian miniseries title, "Facing Up to Fazura". The series premiered across Asia starting 14 December 2014 on E! News Asia.
2015–present
She took one step ahead by announcing three variants of body mists spray — "I Love You", "Spotlight" and "Berry Beautiful" through her own brand namely "Mystical by Fazura" under her own company label, Doll Domination, which was launched on 14 October 2015 at her boutique, whilst saying she wanted to focus more on building her brand.
At the same time, she emerged with a new single called "Bangun", created by Lea Ismail (The Wak Lu's), one of the band members who was also involved in the mini showcase that was being held at Hard Rock Cafe Melaka, in the same month. At the time, Fazura had announced that she was planning to produce a mini album which would consist of about 7 songs.
On 18 October 2015, Fazura appeared live in a mini showcase at Hard Rock Cafe, Melaka alongside her band, "The Wak Lu's", and performed eight songs.
She also collaborated with a local alternative rock band, Estranged in a ballad called "Hancur Aku". Their official music video currently marks more than 12 million views on YouTube.
Fazura intends to concentrate on her career.
Fazura's most recent film, Langit Cinta was released on 7 January 2016.
She also plays Janet in the Indonesian film Bulan Terbelah Di Langit Amerika. She told reporters in an interview that she will be involved with two film projects in Indonesia apart from a joint discussion with Astro Shaw for her new film, but she could not provide any further details.
Filmography
Film
Telemovie
Television series
Theatre performances
Television
Music video
Discography
Studio album
2017: Fazura
Singles
Personal life
On 23 November 2017, it was confirmed that she and actor, Fattah Amin got engaged on 13 November 2017. The pair made the official announcement at a packed press conference. They both met while shooting for the drama Hero Seorang Cinderella which aired on Slot MegaDrama Astro Ria. They got married in a private ceremony where only family members and close friends were invited on 27 November 2017, at Ritz Carlton hotel in Kuala Lumpur.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian actresses
Malaysian television actresses
People from Pahang
Malaysian film actresses
21st-century Malaysian actresses
Domingo Ascaso Abadía (Almudévar, Hoya de Huesca, June 10, 1895 – Barcelona, May 4, 1937) was an Aragonese anarchist and trade union leader, brother of Francisco Ascaso Abadía and cousin of Joaquín Ascaso Budria.
Biography
He worked as a baker in Zaragoza, where he soon became joined an anarchist direct action group, being credited with participating in 1920 in the assassination of the editor of the Heraldo de Aragón, who was accused of betraying insurgent soldiers in the Carmen barracks. In 1921 he settled with his brother in Barcelona, where he was first part of Los Justicieros and in October 1922 joined Los Solidarios, where he met Buenaventura Durruti.
When the Dictatorship of Primo de Rivera was proclaimed, he was persecuted (according to some for having participated in the murder of a police commissioner) and hid in the Poblenou cemetery until Juan Garcia Oliver helped him evade the Barcelona police and flee to France. There he was reunited with Durruti and his brother Francisco, who were planning a guerrilla action in the Pyrenees. In December 1924 they organized an expedition to Bera, but it failed. In 1929 he settled in Brussels, where he lived by selling handkerchiefs and stationery. When the Second Spanish Republic was proclaimed, he returned to Barcelona and joined the group Los indomables of the Iberian Anarchist Federation (FAI). Under the Law of Defense of the Republic he was arrested and on January 21, 1932 exiled to Villa Cisneros, on charges of having participated in the revolt of Alto Llobregat. He was granted amnesty in September 1932, he then worked as a pastry chef and as a delegate for the National Confederation of Labor (CNT).
When the Spanish coup of July 1936 took place, Ascaso took part in the assault on the shipyard barracks. During the Spanish Civil War he was an assistant to Juan Garcia Oliver in the Committee of Antifascist Militias and marched to the Aragon front, where he was head of the Columna Ascaso, taking places such as Barbastro, Grañén and Vicién. When the Ascaso Column was transformed into the 28th Division in early 1937, he left command and returned to Barcelona. He was assassinated during the Barcelona May Days and was buried in the Montjuïc cemetery.
References
Bibliography
1895 births
1937 deaths
Spanish anarchists
People from Hoya de Huesca
Spanish military personnel of the Spanish Civil War (Republican faction)
20th-century Spanish military personnel
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1975.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
2 May - Taavi Teplenkov, actor
22 May - Harriet Toompere, actress
9 July - Jüri Nael, dancer, actor, and TV host
17 December - Hilje Murel, actress
Deaths
Queen Victoria is an oil on canvas painting by German artist Franz Xaver Winterhalter, created in 1843. It depicts British Queen Victoria in her young years, at the beginning of her long reign. The work is part of the Royal Collection.
History and description
Winterhalter not only painted the official portraits of the British royal house but also dedicated himself to producing private images, as is the case with this work that was commissioned as a surprise gift from Queen Victoria to her husband Prince Albert on the occasion of his twenty-fourth birthday. Albert well appreciated the portrait. Victoria wrote in her journal on 26 August 1843: "I felt so happy and proud to have found something that gave him so much pleasure". The painting was hung in Prince Albert's despatch room at Windsor Castle.
The painting is of small dimensions and depicts the queen in an intimate moment, in a minimally painted white ruffled dress. The only detail of the ornament is the purple ribbon and jewels, a pair of simple earrings, and a heart-shaped pendant on a gold chain. This pendant could be the heart-shaped glass locket containing a lock of Prince Albert's hair that the Queen wore day and night before her wedding. The young Victoria appears with her head lying on a red cushion, with a part of her brown hair half unravelled and falling over her dress, looking to her right with an expectant look. It can be considered that the portrait is an expression of her love for her husband.
References
1843 paintings
Paintings by Franz Xaver Winterhalter
Paintings in the Royal Collection of the United Kingdom
Cultural depictions of Queen Victoria
The National Trade Union of Metal and Engineering Workers (Zenkokukinzoku) was a trade union representing machining workers in Japan.
The union was founded in 1947 and was initially chaired by Kanson Arahata. It was a founding affiliate of the General Council of Trade Unions of Japan. By 1967, it had 208,831 members, which had declined to 145,000 by 1988. In 1989, it merged with the National Machinery and metalworkers' Union to form the National Metal and Machinery Workers' Union. A minority of members instead split away to form the Japan Metal and Machinery Information Workers' Union.
References
Engineering trade unions
Trade unions established in 1947
Trade unions disestablished in 1989
Trade unions in Japan
Call of Duty is a first-person shooter video game series franchise.
Call of Duty may also refer to:
Call of Duty (video game), the first video game in the series
Call of Duty (book), the memoirs of Lynn Compton
The Call of Duty (comics), a series of short-lived Marvel Comics
Commandos: Beyond the Call of Duty, expansion pack of Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines
Jon or John Sheffield may refer to:
English peers and politicians
John Sheffield, 2nd Baron Sheffield (c. 1538–1568)
John Sheffield (MP) (died 1614), MP for Lincolnshire (UK Parliament constituency)#MPs 1290-1640, 1601–1614
John Sheffield, 1st Duke of Buckingham and Normanby (1648–1721), poet and politician
Sportspeople
John Sheffield (athlete) (1910–1987), British Olympic hurdler
Jon Sheffield (born 1959), English football goalkeeper
Others
Johnny Sheffield (1931–2010), American child actor
Denis Behan (born 2 January 1984) is an Irish football coach and former player who played as a forward. He spent many years playing for League of Ireland clubs Cork City and Limerick, as well as in the English Football League for Hartlepool United.
Youth level
Behan has won underage level Munster Youths and Munster Senior Cup medals, and was part of Cork City's run of two consecutive Under 21 League of Ireland. He has been capped for the Republic of Ireland at U16, U17, U18, U21 and U-23 levels. He scored in City's two successful U21 league finals, against Bohemians and St Patrick's Athletic.
Senior career
Cork City
Behan joined Cork City from Brentford.
He became a regular first team squad member and was known for his knack of scoring spectacular goals, he is currently the all-time top scorer in the Setanta Cup. Behan came on in the penultimate game of the 2005 LOI season against Derry City, and provided an assist as Cork City won only their second League of Ireland title.
In September 2007, Behan recorded his first senior hat trick for Cork City in their FAI Cup quarter-final Replay at home to local rivals Waterford United. He also scored the winner in the 2007 FAI Cup Final when Cork City took on Longford Town.
Hartlepool United
On 16 July 2009, it was confirmed that Cork City had accepted a bid from Hartlepool United to take Behan and fellow Cork City team-mate Colin Healy to Victoria Park. However, only Behan signed as Healy accepted a late offer from Championship side Ipswich Town.
On 22 August 2009, he scored his first goal for Hartlepool (and the club's first of the new season) in a 2–1 loss to Bristol Rovers. He got his second with a sublime free-kick from around 30 yards out in a 3–0 win at Oldham on 5 September, and his third goal for the club ensured a 2–2 draw at Stockport County on 29 September. A fourth followed in the next game, at Exeter City on 3 October, where he opened the scoring after a defensive blunder. Pools went on to lose 3–1, however.
In May 2011, he was not offered a new contract by the club, along with nine other players from the 2010–11 squad.
Limerick
Behan signed for Limerick on 23 June 2011 along with Joe Gamble.
Cork City
Behan signed for Cork City on 31 January 2013. He had signed for College Corinthians earlier in the week but was released from his contract once Cork City became interested. Behan had his contract cancelled by mutual consent on 30 July 2013.
Personal life
Behan was raised in Abbeyfeale, County Limerick, Republic of Ireland, but was born in Tralee, County Kerry. He managed an under-15 Carrigaline United schoolboy side during his time at Cork City.
Honours
Cork City
League of Ireland (1): 2005
FAI Cup (1): 2007
Setanta Sports Cup (1): 2008
Limerick'
League of Ireland First Division (1): 2012
Munster Senior Cup (1): 2011–12
References
External links
Denis Behan profile at Vital Hartlepool
Living people
1984 births
People from County Kerry
League of Ireland players
Cork City F.C. players
Limerick F.C. players
Republic of Ireland under-21 international footballers
Republic of Ireland under-23 international footballers
English Football League players
Brentford F.C. players
Hartlepool United F.C. players
College Corinthians A.F.C. players
Association football forwards
Republic of Ireland association footballers
XC may refer to:
Businesses and organizations
CrossCountry, a British train operator (rail code XC, for XC Trains Ltd.)
Xavier College, a school in Melbourne, Australia
Corendon Airlines (IATA airline code XC)
KD Air, a charter airline in Canada (IATA airline code XC)
Science and technology
XC (programming language), a concurrent programming language developed by XMOS
Capacitive reactance or XC, a property of a capacitor
Exact cover problem, in theoretical computer science
Xerox copy or carbon copy, in correspondence
Xylene cyanol, a color marker used in gel electrophoresis
Wills Wing XC, an American hang glider design
XC, a model of the Australian Ford Falcon automobile
Sport
Cross-country running
Cross-country skiing
Cross-country cycling
Cross-country equestrianism
Cross-country gliding
Other uses
90 (number), in Roman numerals
Christogram, a symbol for Christf
Xeno-canto, a website for shared CC-licensed bird sound
Xenoblade Chronicles, a series of video games developed by Nintendo
XC Aircraft Registration Prefix for Mexican Government Aircraft
See also
10C (disambiguation)
Clifford Terry Kresge (born October 3, 1968) is an American professional golfer. He has played on the PGA Tour and Web.com Tour since 1997.
Kresge was born in Lakewood Township, New Jersey. His parents moved to central Florida in 1972 and lived on the Dubsdread Golf Course in Orlando where he took golf at age 8. He graduated from the University of Central Florida with a liberal arts degree in 1991 and turned professional. He played mainly on mini-tours until 1997 when he joined the Nationwide Tour.
Kresge has three wins on the Nationwide Tour. His best finishes on the PGA Tour are a pair of T-3 at the 2002 B.C. Open and the 2008 Arnold Palmer Invitational (an event he grew up attending after his family moved to Orlando, Florida). He also finished tied for 10th in the 2003 U.S. Open.
Kresge won a 2011 NGA Hooters Tour event; the Bridgestone Winter Series at Deer Island GC in a four-hole playoff.
Kresge currently resides with his wife Judy in Kingsport, Tennessee. Judy has three sons from previous marriage while Cliff has a son of his own also from a previous marriage. Judy's oldest son Peter often caddies for Kresge.
Kresge has gone public, along with Ernie Els, about both of their sons being diagnosed with autism. Kresge was the Honorary Walk Chair for the November 15, 2008 Orlando Walk Now For Autism, a fundraiser for Autism Speaks. In September 2009, Kresge along with Els and 18 other PGA Tour players held a charity Pro-Am at Ridgefields Country Club in Kingsport for his Autism Charity: Kresge's Krew Foundation. The foundation again held their annual tournament at Ridgefields in 2010 and 2011. Ernie Els returned to headline a field of 15 PGA Tour players
Professional wins (4)
Nationwide Tour wins (3)
Nationwide Tour playoff record (3–0)
Other wins (1)
2011 Bridgestone Winter Series at Deer Island GC (NGA Hooters Tour)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half way cut
"T" indicates a tie for a place.
See also
2000 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
2002 Buy.com Tour graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
UCF Knights men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from New Jersey
Golfers from Florida
Golfers from Tennessee
Sportspeople from Lakewood Township, New Jersey
People from Seminole County, Florida
People from Kingsport, Tennessee
1968 births
Living people
The Confederation of British Industry (CBI) is a UK business organisation, which in total claims to speak for 190,000 businesses, this is made up of around 1,500 direct members and 188,500 non-members. The non members are represented through the 140 trade associations within the confederation, whose separate and individual memberships the CBI claims to also speak for. Trade Association member companies, are not directly consulted or involved in CBI's policy formulation. The National Farmers' Union with its 55,000 members is the largest component of the 188,500 non-members the CBI claims to speak for. The Country Land and Business association brings another 30,000 non-members, the Association of Independent Professionals and the Self-Employed 20,000 non-members, the Freight Transport Association 13,000, the Federation of Master Builders 9,500, the Road Haulage Association 8,100 and the National Federation of Builders 1,400.
Members include companies as well as trade association members, from the perspective of their leadership. Described by the Financial Times as "Britain's biggest business lobby group". Incorporated by royal charter its mission is to promote the conditions in which businesses of all sizes and sectors in the UK can compete and prosper for the benefit of all. Its membership includes companies from the FTSE 100, mid-caps, SMEs, privately owned businesses, trade associations, universities and other public bodies. The CBI has members in many sectors: agriculture, automotive, aerospace, construction, creative, education, financial services, IT, manufacturing, professional services, retail, transport, tourism and utilities.
Role
The CBI works to promote business interests by lobbying and advising governments, networking with other businesses and creating intelligence through analysis of government policies and compilation of statistics, both in the United Kingdom and internationally through their offices in Beijing, Brussels, New Delhi and Washington, D.C.
The organisation is non-partisan and has sought legal advice to ensure neutrality.
Structure
The present Director-General is Tony Danker, who assumed the role on 30 November 2020.
The CBI is governed by its royal charter and by the CBI Council, which is able to delegate many of its roles to the Chairs' Committee and Board. Final policy positions are mandated by the CBI Chairs' Committee, which has a seat for all of the chairs of its regional and national councils and subject-based policy standing committees, SME Council and Trade Association Council. The Chairs' Committee Committee meets following each Standing Committee and Regional Council round.
The CBI's strategic and financial decisions are decided on by the CBI Board, which is chaired by the CBI President and includes the support and guidance of 4 other non-executives. Day-to-day management of the CBI is in the hands of the Director-General supported by a Management Board, made up of a number of CBI directors.
A President's Committee, made up of members, advises the president. The president, with the approval of the Chairs' Committee (under its delegated powers), appoints the director-general, who is responsible for the management of the CBI.
It has offices based in every region of the UK, including teams in Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales, along with offices in Washington D.C, New Delhi, Beijing and Brussels. In March 2014 it moved its headquarters from Centre Point, London, to offices in Cannon Place, above Cannon Street railway station in the City of London.
History
The organisation was formed in 1965 out of a merger of the Federation of British Industries (known as FBI), the British Employers' Confederation and the National Association of British Manufacturers.
The CBI opened an office in Brussels in 1971, to open up opportunities in Europe. International Offices have opened in Washington (2002), Beijing (2005) and New Delhi (2011).
Research
The CBI conducts numerous surveys that are of particular use to its members and stakeholders. Research is available to the relevant sections of its membership.
The CBI's surveys are currently:
Industrial Trends
Distributive Trends
Service Sector
Financial Sector
SME Trends
Investment Intentions
Occasional surveys include:
Procurement
London Business
Education and Skills
Absence
CBI policy is decided through consultation with its members – companies from all sectors and sizes of business across the UK are directly involved in the policy-making process.
The CBI publishes numerous reports each year on a wide range of issues that of interest and relevance to its members. Recent campaigns include "Future Champions", promoting the contribution and role of mid-sized businesses and "Industrial Futures", looking at how government should intervene in the economy to promote growth.
The CBI publishes ‘Business Voice', a monthly magazine for its membership and ‘Intelligence FIRST', an occasional publication providing strategic guidance for members on regulatory and economic change.
The Great Business Debate
In September 2014, the CBI started The Great Business Debate campaign aimed at increasing public confidence in business. Survey data found that only around 50% of people in the UK think that business contributes positively to society and the campaign was initiated to play a part in increasing that figure. A website and social media channels have been set up to openly promote the contribution business makes whilst enabling people and organisations to give their opinions on this. It is planned that various events and other occurrences will take place across the UK as part of the campaign.
Scottish independence referendum controversy
In April 2014, the CBI registered with the Electoral Commission as a backer of the campaign against Scottish independence.
As a result, 15 Scottish members (Scottish Enterprise, Visit Scotland, Highlands and Islands Enterprise, Skills Development Scotland, the Scottish Qualifications Authority, STV, the Law Society of Scotland, Aquamarine Power, Balhousie Care Group and the universities of Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Strathclyde, Heriot Watt and Glasgow Caledonian) resigned from the organisation, while two others, Robert Gordon University and Dundee University, suspended their membership.
The BBC announced on 24 April that it would also suspend its membership from 30 May until after the referendum on 18 September.
On 25 April, the CBI announced it would try to nullify its registration. An Electoral Commission spokesman said: "We have received representations from the CBI to de-register. We are currently considering whether this is possible under the relevant legislation and will make our reasoning public when we have reached a conclusion and informed the CBI of our decision." However, the chairman of Business for Scotland disputed this would be possible: "Our understanding is that the CBI cannot nullify its Electoral Commission registration and must, having been identified as a campaigning organisation, be policed by the Commission during the referendum campaign period, just as we are ourselves will be."
Organisation
Senior personnel
Brian McBride, President
Lord Karan Bilimoria, Vice President
Tony Danker, Director-General
List of former directors-general
John Davies (30 July 1965 – 15 October 1969)
Sir Campbell Adamson (15 October 1969 – 2 July 1976)
Sir John Methven (2 July 1976 – 23 April 1980) (died in office)
Sir Terence Beckett (1 October 1980 – 26 March 1987)
Sir John Banham (26 March 1987 – 26 June 1992)
Sir Howard Davies, (29 June 1992 – 31 December 1995)
Adair Turner (1 January 1995 – 31 December 2000)
Sir Digby Jones (1 January 2001 – 30 June 2006)
Sir Richard Lambert (1 July 2006 – 30 January 2011)
John Cridland (31 January 2011 – October 2015)
Dame Carolyn Fairbairn (01 November 2015 – 6 December 2020)
See also
British Chambers of Commerce
Federation of Small Businesses
TheCityUK
References
External links
Catalogue of the CBI archives, held at the Modern Records Centre, University of Warwick
Trade associations based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1965
Industry in the United Kingdom
1965 establishments in the United Kingdom
Business organisations based in London
Elmstone is a hamlet in the Preston civil parish in East Kent, England. It is situated between Canterbury and Sandwich. The Domesday Book of 1086 records Elmstone as 'AElvetone'. In 1086 the recorded population was 3 households.
The village is surrounded by farmland mostly laid to apple and pear orchards. Some local farms have been sold and are no longer used for agriculture.
Elmstone Church, a small 13th-century Anglican church can be found in the village; unusually, the church does not have a dedicated saint. The church, in the Canonry Benefice of Canterbury diocese, shares a vicar with the villages of Ash, Chillenden, Goodnestone, Nonington, Preston and Stourmouth.
Elmstone recorded the lowest temperature (−21.3 °C (−6.3 °F) during the Winter of 1946–1947.
Notable Buildings
Notable buildings within the hamlet are the early Victorian Old Rectory, the early eighteenth century Grade Two listed Old Vicarage and the Grade Two listed Georgian country house Elmstone Court.
Community
Apart from mains water, mains drains and electricity there are no services, i.e., no shops, restaurants, pubs, public transport or street lights. The public telephone is now used as a book exchange. The nearest bus stop is in the village of Preston.
References
External links
Villages in Kent
Dover District
During the 1928–29 season, Nelson Football Club played as a professional team in the Football League for the eighth time. After playing without a team manager during the previous season, Jack English was appointed to the post in the summer of 1928 following the club's successful re-election application. A record of 17 wins, 5 draws and 20 defeats, giving a total of 39 points, helped Nelson to a 15th-placed finish in the Third Division North, above Rotherham United on goal average. The team was inconsistent throughout the season, as they had been in the previous campaign, although significant improvements in the defense meant that 46 fewer goals were conceded. Nelson's attack was also improved, and the team scored at least once in 36 of their 42 league matches.
Nelson did not compete in the 1928–29 FA Cup, as they did not submit their application by the deadline. The club used a total of 26 different players during the season, but only six of these had been retained from the previous campaign. Yorkshire-born forward Bernard Radford was the top goalscorer for the second consecutive season, with a tally of 24 in 35 matches. With 11 goals, Gerry Kelly, a new signing from Sunderland, was the only other player to reach double figures. Half-back Jim Metcalfe made the most appearances for Nelson, missing only the final game of the season, the 4–4 draw away at Accrington Stanley. The highest attendance at Nelson's Seedhill ground was a record 14,979 for the visit of Bradford City on 27 April 1929, which stood until the stadium was demolished in 1980. Conversely, the lowest gate of the season was 2,749 for the victory against Stockport County on 22 January 1929.
Football League Third Division North
Key
H = Home match
A = Away match
In Result column, Nelson's score shown first
Match results
Final league position
Player statistics
Key to positions
CF = Centre forward
FB = Fullback
GK = Goalkeeper
HB = Half-back
IF = Inside forward
OF = Outside forward
Statistics
See also
List of Nelson F.C. seasons
References
Nelson F.C. seasons
Nelson
Văcărești Nature Park (Romanian: Parcul Natural Văcărești) is a nature park located in Sector 4 of Bucharest, Romania, containing the wetlands surrounding Lake Văcărești.
History
Having , the area where the park stands was part of a large swampy area on the outskirts of Bucharest. To its west was the area known as the "valley of weeping" that was the rubbish dump of interbellum Bucharest.
Much of the swampy area surrounding the park was drained by Communist Romania, building a neighbourhood of apartment blocks, while the "valley of weeping" became Tineretului Park.
President Nicolae Ceaușescu wanted to build a reservoir which was supposed to be filled from the Argeș River via the Mihăilești Lake. As such, a concrete dam was built to surround the lake. The few modest houses located in this area were bought by the state and demolished. The plans for development were abandoned when communism fell and the area was overtaken by nature.
In 2003, the Ministry of the Environment concessioned the area for 49 years to the Royal Romanian Corporation for USD 6 million. The company was supposed to invest over a billion dollars in a sports-culture complex, however it did not honor its part of the contract.
Due to the area being unused for such a long period of time, plant-life and wildlife flourished within the confines of the dam. The biodiversity now encountered here is considered by some to be comparable to that of a small river delta. A 2013 study counted hundreds of species of plants and 96 different species of birds.
On June 5, 2014, the Lake Văcărești zone was declared a protected nature area and named Văcărești Nature Park by the Government of Romania.
Văcărești Nature Park was the setting for Radu Ciorniciuc's 2020 documentary Acasă, My Home, following a family that lived in the park for 20 years.
References
Nature parks
Parks in Bucharest
2016 establishments in Romania
"Goodbye" is a power ballad by the American hard rock band Night Ranger. It was released in October 1985, as the third and last single from their album 7 Wishes. It was written by guitarist Jeff Watson and singer Jack Blades.
Reaching No. 17, the song is the last U.S. top 40 hit for the band to date. The music video for "Goodbye" was good rotation on MTV at end of that year.
Track listing
Single version
7" Single
"Goodbye" - 4:20
"Seven Wishes" - 4:52
Promo version
12" Single
"Goodbye" - 4:20
"Goodbye" (short version) - 3:52
Chart performance
References
1985 songs
Night Ranger songs
Songs written by Jack Blades
Hard rock ballads
1980s ballads
Valerie Clacio Weigmann (born March 13, 1990) is a German-born Filipino actress, TV Host, fashion model, and beauty pageant titleholder of Danish descent who was crowned Miss World Philippines 2014. She represented the Philippines at the Miss World 2014 pageant held in London, England and finished as a Top 25 semifinalist.
She first gained popularity from appearing as one of the Pinoy Big Brother: Teen Edition Plus housemates and became a household name as a co-host of the Philippines' longest-running noontime variety show, Eat Bulaga!.
Early life and education
Weigmann is of Filipino, German and Danish descent born in Wiesbaden, Hesse, West Germany.
Her father was a German chef and her mother is a Filipino (née Clacio) from Albay.
Weigmann graduated at Werner-von-Siemens Realschule, Wiesbaden.
Weigmann co-owns Manila's first German-Turkish restaurant named, bamm located at The Collective, in Makati.
On May 2017, she was engaged to her businessman-lawyer boyfriend, Bodie Pulido.
Pageantry
Miss World Philippines 2014
On October 12, 2014, Weigmann joined Miss World Philippines 2014 and won succeeding Megan Young.
On October 18, 2015, Weigmann crowned Hillarie Parungao as her successor at the Miss World Philippines 2015 pageant held at the Solaire Resort & Casino in Parañaque, Philippines.
Miss World 2014
As Miss World Philippines, Weigmann represented the Philippines at the Miss World 2014 pageant in London, United Kingdom where she finished as a Top 25 semifinalist.
Career
Pinoy Big Brother
In 2008, Weigmann was chosen to be one of the housemates on the second teen edition of Pinoy Big Brother.
After PBB
After her stint in the PBB, she went on to appear on various television programs on ABS-CBN and was also tapped by several Manila-based modeling agencies for fashion assignments such as TV commercials, magazine spreads and runway.
In 2013, she was cast in the primetime series of TV5, Kidlat starring Derek Ramsay.
The following year, she was added as one of the new co-presenters of the noontime show of GMA Network, Eat Bulaga! and debuted in the "All For Juan, Juan For All segment.
Filmography
Television
Films
Notes
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Filipino film actresses
Miss World Philippines winners
Miss World 2014 delegates
Pinoy Big Brother contestants
Filipino female models
Filipino restaurateurs
Filipino television actresses
People from Wiesbaden
2901 may refer to:
A member of the AMD Am2900 family of logic chips
The first year of the 30th century
The Purity of Perversion is the first full-length album by Belgian death metal band Aborted.
Track listing
Personnel
Sven "Svencho" de Caluwé – vocals
Koen Verstraete – bass
Niek Verstraete – guitars
Frank Rosseau – drums
Christophe "Herre" Herreman – guitars
Aborted (band) albums
1999 albums
George McKinley Barr (July 19, 1892 – July 26, 1974) was an American professional baseball umpire who was a pioneer in Umpiring Instruction. Barr worked in the National League from 1931 to 1949. Barr umpired 2,757 major league games in his 19-year career. He umpired in four World Series (1937, 1942, 1948, 1949) and two All-Star Games (1937 and 1944). Barr was founder of the George Barr Umpire School, the earliest umpire training school and author of the first book on umpiring. Barr was a pioneer in using the inside chest protector.
Early life
Barr was born in Scammon, Kansas, on July 19, 1892. When he arrived in Tulsa as a young man in 1915, he is said to have had only ten cents to his name. While working as a stadium usher in 1923, Barr got his first opportunity to umpire when one of the arbiters was a no-show for a game. He was hired to the Western Association for the following year.
Umpire career
After two seasons in the Western Association (1924–25), Barr moved to the Texas League in 1926 and stayed for several seasons. In August 1931, Barr was promoted to the Major Leagues. In 1933, he was Ernie Quigley's partner when Quigley sustained an electric shock while dressing after the game and was left unconscious; Quigley recovered without incident. Barr Umpired in the 1937 and 1944 All-Star Games and the 1937, 1942, 1948 and 1949 World Series. The 1937 All-Star Game was one in which pitcher Dizzy Dean sustained a toe injury that negatively affected the rest of his career.
The following year, on June 15, 1938, Barr worked as the First Base Umpire for an unprecedented event in baseball history, as the Reds' Johnny Vander Meer threw a second consecutive no-hitter at Ebbets Field. Vander Meer is the only pitcher in major league history to throw back-to-back no-hitters. It was also the first major league no-hitter pitched in a night-game. Barr worked Home Plate in Babe Ruth's last game in 1935.
Barr was the home plate umpire on September 28, 1938, when the Cubs' Gabby Hartnett hit the famous "Homer in the Gloamin" at Wrigley Field. With darkness descending, Barr had earlier ruled that the Cubs and Pirates would play one more inning, leading to Hartnett's game-winning home run with two on and two outs in the bottom on the 9th inning to win the game 6–5 and put the Cubs in 1st place. Being mobbed by players and fans in circling the bases, Hartntett recalled Barr making sure he touched home plate.
On May 27, 1942, Barr called a balk on Brooklyn Dodgers pitcher Johnny Allen, who then rushed Barr, knocking him to his knees. Allen was suspended 30 days and fined for his physical confrontation of Barr.
On September 11, 1946, Barr umpired a 19-inning scoreless tie between Brooklyn and Cincinnati that remains the longest scoreless game in history. On September 18, 1946, at the Polo Grounds Barr collapsed from a heart attack during a New York-Chicago game, but he recovered to resume umpiring again.
On September 28, 1948, Barr was the Home Plate Umpire as Jackie Robinson stole home in a 9–8 Dodgers victory over the Boston Braves. The next day, Barr famously ejected Braves player Connie Ryan in the second game of a double header for appearing in the on deck circle wearing a raincoat on a rainy day. After umpiring in the 1948 World Series, Barr was briefly confined at home under a physician's care for an undisclosed illness.
Barr was the first-base umpire in a three-man crew during the second game of an August 21, 1949, doubleheader between the Phillies and Giants at Philadelphia's Shibe Park. In the top of the ninth inning, Barr ruled that Phillies' center fielder Richie Ashburn had trapped rather than caught a fly ball hit by New York's Joe Lafata. Thus, an apparent out was turned into an RBI double for the visitors. Fans reacted by repeatedly throwing fruit and bottles at the umpires causing them to abandon the field for their safety. The game was ruled a forfeit win for New York. Bottles were soon banned from being sold at Shibe Park and soon the rest of baseball followed.
Barr retired from MLB umpiring in January, 1950. He later served as president of the Western Association, Sooner State League and the Kansas–Oklahoma–Missouri League, lower-level minor leagues that would both fold in that decade.
He was active with Babe Ruth League Baseball, serving as an international director for 14 years and helping to start the league in Europe.
1962, Barr was appointed to run the Oklahoma American Legion junior baseball program.
George Barr Umpire School
In 1935, Barr founded the first umpire training school. At first located in Hot Springs, Arkansas, Barr's Umpire School operated in conjunction with the Roy Doan Baseball School (1935–38) and the Rogers Hornsby Baseball College (1939-1952), which drew hundreds of youth students. The Umpire School was held at Whittington Park, along with other venues in Hot Springs: Fogel Field and Majestic Park. Later, Barr would move the school would move to Florida, where he operated it until 1967. Future major league umpires Bill McKinley, Scotty Robb, Bob Engel, Ken Burkhart and Dick Stello were students at Barr's school.
Barr prided himself on his school's tough standards. "We will tolerate no drinking, gambling or whistling at girls," Barr said in 1949. He instituted a system of 10 cent fines, paid to the hotel's waitresses, for student mistakes or silly questions. After his MLB retirement, Barr continued to operate the school well into the 1960s, after moving the school to Florida.
Barr also took his instruction out of the United States, holding Umpiring clinics in Canada, Germany, Puerto Rico, Korea and Japan.
History/Media
Barr donated memorabilia from the Umpire School and his umpiring career. The items are on display at the Oklahoma Sports Hall of Fame in Guthrie, Oklahoma. Included is a "rare display" of autographed baseballs.
The George Barr Umpire School was featured in the March 10, 1947, issue of Life Magazine. Included was a photo of Barr in long underwear.
The New York Historical Society Museum and Library said the following of Barr: "Few men have contributed as much conceptually to major league umpiring as George McKinley Barr, who umpired in the N.L. for 19 seasons (1931-49). In 1935, Barr opened the first umpiring school in Hot Springs, Ark., then wrote the first textbook about umpiring, and later served as president of two minor leagues, where he emphasized umpire training. He operated his umpire school until 1967 while serving as president of the Western Association (1953-54) and the Sooner State League (1956-57). Called up in August 1931, Barr umpired four World Series and is the last umpire to get Series assignments in consecutive years (1948-49). He worked the Subway Series of 1937 and the 1942 Fall Classic."
Author
Barr Authored the book Baseball Umpiring in 1952. It was the first book to comprehensively address Umpiring.
Barr previously had written a section on Umpiring in The Sporting News 1951 soft cover book: How to Play Baseball. The Book had the following authors on topics: "Pitching by Larry Jansen; Catching by Ray Schalk; Batting by Rogers Hornsby; Base Running by Bernie DeViveiros; First Base by George Sisler; Second Base by Rogers Hornsby; Shortstop by Honus Wagner; Third Base by George Kell; Outfield by Joe DiMaggio; and How to Umpire by George Barr."
Barr first addressed Umpiring in print when he wrote "You can't Kill the Umpire" for Baseball Digest, in the May 6, 1947, edition.
Personal life
In 1925, Barr married Mary Elizabeth de Vaughn. She died in 1958. In 1961 Barr married Ardis Nott. The couple had no children. Barr donated his baseball memorabilia to the Seminole Community College Library. The items have since been placed in the Oklahoma Sports Hall of Fame.
Death
Barr died on July 26, 1974, in Sulphur, Oklahoma, of heart disease. Barr had reportedly been in poor health for the previous two years.
Awards and honors
Barr was inducted into the Oklahoma Sports Hall of Fame in 1963.
In 1969, George McKinley Barr was inducted into the Babe Ruth League Baseball Hall of Fame.
See also
List of Major League Baseball umpires
References
External links
The Sporting News umpire card
1892 births
1974 deaths
Major League Baseball umpires
Sportspeople from Kansas
People from Cherokee County, Kansas
Hot Springs, Arkansas
Au is a town in the Kankan Region of eastern Guinea, north of the Niger River.
Populated places in the Kankan Region
The Kites Flying in the Sky (, or as 하늘을 나는 연들) is a 2008 North Korean film. Directed by Phyo Kwang and Kim Hyon-chol, the film is based on the true story of a former marathon champion who devotes her life to caring for orphans.
The film was unusual in that no reshoots were required prior to approval for release.
The film's basis
The film modelled the protagonist after North Korean woman Sŏ hyesuk, who according to the North Korean periodical "Tongil sinbo," is widely known as the 'maternal hero' for the Songun era. Sŏ, a resident of Sŏn'guja-dong, Mangyongdae-guyok, Pyongyang, is known to have raised 33 orphans as if they were her own and sent 15 of them to the military.
Plot
A woman born in a foreign land,who also experienced the death of her father, achieves her dream to be a marathon champion in North Korea. North Korea goes through an 'Arduous March', and she raises the orphans during that time.
Premiere and screening
The film officially premiered on 16 February 2008, and was the first film to be shown on television prior to a general release in June.
The Kites Flying in the Sky was the only North Korean feature film to be screened at the 11th Pyongyang International Film Festival, where it won an award for special screening.
The film was also screened at the 2013 Sydney International Film Festival(SIFF).
Reception
Domestic reaction
The March 1st edition of the North Korean periodical "Tongil sinbo" said that the film "touchingly showcases the profound philosophical idea that the true value of human life and happiness in the Songun era lies in the dedication to the society and the group and those who follow those very ways will eternally shine into a vivid artistic drawing."
Foreign evaluations
Despite local success, the film was poorly received by American critics, who dismissed it as "syrupy and propagandistic".
Notes
References
External links
2008 films
2000s Korean-language films
North Korean drama films
Films about orphans
In Slovakia, the standard time is Central European Time (UTC+01:00). Daylight saving time is observed from the last Sunday in March (02:00 CET) to the last Sunday in October (03:00 CEST). This is shared with several other EU member states.
IANA time zone database
The IANA time zone database gives Slovakia Europe/Bratislava.
See also
Time in Europe
List of time zones by country
List of time zones by UTC offset
References
External links
Current time in Slovakia at Time.is
Time in Slovakia at TimeAndDate.com
Time in Slovakia at Lonely Planet
The Society of Texas Film Critics Awards were first awarded in 1994, when the Society of Texas Film Critics (STFC) was formed by 21 print, television, radio, and internet film critics working for different media outlets across the state of Texas. Over the course of four years, the size of the organization decreased, and the STFC disbanded in 1998.
Below are the award ceremonies from each of the four years.
1st Society of Texas Film Critics Awards (1994)
The 1st Society of Texas Film Critics Awards were given by the Society of Texas Film Critics (STFC) on December 17, 1994. The list of winners was announced by STFC founder Michael MacCambridge, then also a film critic for the Austin American-Statesman. The society's first meeting was held in the Representative Boardroom at the Omni Austin Hotel. Pulp Fiction took the top honor and a total of four awards, more than any other film, in this initial awards presentation.
Winners
Best Film:
Pulp Fiction
Best Director:
Quentin Tarantino – Pulp Fiction
Best Actor:
Samuel L. Jackson – Pulp Fiction
Best Actress:
Linda Fiorentino – The Last Seduction
Best Supporting Actor:
Martin Landau – Ed Wood
Best Supporting Actress:
Dianne Wiest – Bullets Over Broadway
Best Screenplay:
Quentin Tarantino & Roger Avary – Pulp Fiction
Best Documentary Film:
Hoop Dreams
The Lone Star Award, recognizing the best Texas film of the year:
Reality Bites
2nd Society of Texas Film Critics Awards (1995)
The 2nd Society of Texas Film Critics Awards were given by the STFC on December 28, 1995. The list of winners was announced by STFC president Joe Leydon. The Usual Suspects received four awards, more than any other film.
Winners
Best Film:
The Usual Suspects
Best Director:
Bryan Singer – The Usual Suspects
Best Actor:
Nicolas Cage – Leaving Las Vegas
Best Actress:
Emma Thompson – Carrington; Sense and Sensibility
Best Supporting Actor:
Kevin Spacey – The Usual Suspects; Seven; Outbreak
Best Supporting Actress:
Joan Allen – Nixon
Best Original Screenplay:
Christopher McQuarrie – The Usual Suspects
Best Adapted Screenplay:
Emma Thompson – Sense and Sensibility
Best Foreign Language Film:
Il Postino (The Postman) – Italy
Best Documentary Film:
Crumb
Lone Star Award (for a motion picture filmed in part and/or set in Texas):
Apollo 13
3rd Society of Texas Film Critics Awards (1996)
The 3rd Society of Texas Film Critics Awards were given by the STFC on December 19, 1996. The list of winners was announced by STFC president Joe Leydon.
Winners
Best Film:
Fargo
Best Director:
John Sayles – Lone Star
Best Actor:
Geoffrey Rush – Shine
Best Actress:
Frances McDormand – Fargo
Best Supporting Actor:
Edward Norton – The People vs. Larry Flynt; Primal Fear
Best Supporting Actress:
Miranda Richardson – The Evening Star; Kansas City
Best Original Screenplay:
John Sayles – Lone Star
Best Adapted Screenplay:
Anthony Minghella – The English Patient
Best Foreign Language Film:
Ridicule – France
Best Documentary Film:
Microcosmos
4th Society of Texas Film Critics Awards (1997)
The 4th Society of Texas Film Critics Awards were given by the Society of Texas Film Critics (STFC) on December 29, 1997.
Winners
Best Film:
The Sweet Hereafter
Best Director:
Atom Egoyan – The Sweet Hereafter
Best Actor:
Robert Duvall – The Apostle
Best Actress:
Helena Bonham Carter – The Wings of the Dove
Best Supporting Actor:
Kevin Spacey – L.A. Confidential; Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil
Best Supporting Actress:
Joan Cusack – In & Out
Best Original Screenplay:
In the Company of Men – Neil LaBute
Best Adapted Screenplay:
L.A. Confidential – Brian Helgeland and Curtis Hanson
Best Foreign Language Film:
Shall We Dance? (Shall we dansu?) – Japan
Best Documentary Feature:
Fast, Cheap & Out of Control
References
American film awards
Cinema of Texas
Satanic Curses is the fifth studio album by the German power metal band Mystic Prophecy.
Track listing
All music by: Liapakis & Pohl
All lyrics by: Liapakis
Song 11 written by: Iommi, Ward, Butler, Osbourne
"Back from the Dark" - 3:47
"Sacrifice Me" - 3:59
"Dark Forces" - 3:44
"Satanic Curses" - 3:40
"Evil of Destruction" - 4:27
"Demons Blood" - 4:45
"Damnation" - 4:02
"Rock the Night" - 4:13
"We Will Survive" - 4:38
"Grave of Thousand Lies" - 3:47
"Paranoid" (Black Sabbath cover) - 2:45
"We Fly" (Bonus track) - 4:21
Credits
Roberto Dimitri Liapakis - vocals
Martin Grimm - guitars
Markus Pohl - guitars
Martin Albrecht - Bass
Mattias Straub - drums
2007 albums
Mystic Prophecy albums
Massacre Records albums
The Royal Naval Academy of France () was founded at Brest by a ruling of 31 July 1752 by Antoine Louis de Rouillé, comte de Jouy, Secretary of State for the Navy. This institutionalised an earlier initiative by a group of officers from the Brest fleet headed by the artillery captain Sébastien Bigot de Morogues who all wanted to contribute to the modernisation of the French Navy, a group which had very quickly received the approbation of Louis XV.
de Morogues was named the Academy's first president and the institution gathered in astronomers, hydrographers, mathematicians and so on, including such names as Dumaitz de Goimpy, Borda, Thévenard, Marguerie, and Claret de Fleurieu, and three of its members (Claret de Fleurieu, Fleuriot de Langle, d'Escures) were to be found amongst La Pérouse's expedition to the Solomon Islands which later disappeared. The Academy contributed greatly to the improvement of navigational instruments, and its graduates included Étienne Eustache Bruix.
The institution disappeared temporarily from 1764 to 1769, at the end of the Seven Years' War. In 1769, Aymar Joseph de Roquefeuil, commandant of the Brest fleet, obtained permission for its re-establishment from Louis XV and from Choiseul-Praslin, Secretary of State for the Navy. The Academy was linked to the Académie des sciences by an edict of 1771, but was finally suppressed by the National Convention on 8 August 1793 at the same time as all the other academies. It was restored again under the Empire as the "Académie de marine" and continues its work today.
External links
Text of the decree of 2 April 1991 on the reorganisation of the Académie de marine
France
France
Navy of the Ancien Régime
1752 establishments in France
Wootton is a village in the civil parish of Denton with Wootton, and the Dover District of Kent, England.
The village is northwest from the channel port of Dover, and east-southeast from the county town of Maidstone. The major A2 London to Dover road is to the northeast. Denton, the other parish village, is 1 mile to the northwest.
History
Wootton was the birthplace of the mathematician and surveyor Leonard Digges, who some claim invented a functioning telescope some time between 1540 and 1559.
It once had a Baptist chapel, linked to the Eythorne Baptist Church group. The worldwide known Lydden Hill Race Circuit, the so-called "Home of Rallycross", is located near Wootton village. The civil parish is called Denton with Wootton.
References
External links
Villages in Kent
Dover District
George Brandon Adams (born December 12, 1978) is an American poker player and self-published author.
Career
Adams got his bachelor's degree and Master's degree at the University of Florida, before attending Harvard University and obtaining a doctorate.
Adams finished a book titled "Setting Sun: The End of Economic Dominance". He previously published a poker novel, "Broke: A Poker Novel" in 2008. He co-authored a book on behavioral finance, "The Story of Behavioral Finance", with Brian Finn.
Poker
Brandon Adams was first introduced to poker during his college years.
Adams first cashed in the World Series of Poker in 2006 in the $1,000 No Limit Hold'em event and again in the Main Event the following year, winning a cash prize of $130,288 for his 69th-place finish.
His best finish in a tournament at the WSOP came in 2019 when he won the $3,200 Online No-Limit Hold'em High Roller (Event #74) event for $411,561. In total, Adams has cashed twenty-three WSOP events and has made seven WSOP and WSOP Circuit final tables as of the end of the 2019 series. His 23 WSOP cashes account for $2,517,613 of that total.
Adams played on Season 4 and 8 of High Stakes Poker, and on Season 4, 6, 7, 8, and 9 of Poker After Dark.
Adams has appeared on over sixty poker TV shows on NBC, ESPN, and ESPN2, Game Show Network, and PokerGO. He has appeared on High Stakes Poker, Poker After Dark, Super High Roller Club, Super High Roller Cash Game, and also on live tournament coverage on PokerGO including Super High Roller Bowl, Poker Masters, and U.S. Poker Open.
As of August 2021, his total live tournament winnings exceed $5,200,000.
Business career
In 2011, Adams founded Expert Insight at a cost of $450,000. The website allowed its customers 1-on-1 video chat sessions with experts in various fields, such as a chat with Nobel Prize winner Gary Becker, for $5,000 an hour.
References
External links
Brandon Adams Personal Site
American poker players
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
Writers from New Orleans
Living people
1978 births
American male novelists
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American male writers
University of Florida alumni
Harvard University alumni
Gamaliel Bradford may refer to:
Gamaliel Bradford (privateersman) (1768–1824), American privateersman
Gamaliel Bradford (abolitionist) (1795–1839), American physician and early abolitionist from Boston
Gamaliel Bradford (banker) (1831–1911), American banker from Boston who helped organize the American Anti-Imperialist League
Gamaliel Bradford (biographer) (1863–1932), American biographer, critic, poet, and dramatist
Magadh University is a public university and institution of higher education in Bihar, India. It is recognised by the University Grants Commission (UGC).
The university is governed by the Bihar State University Act 1976.
It provides facilities for higher learning and research in the faculties of science, social sciences, humanities and commerce. With 19 constituent colleges, 22 PG departments and 39 affiliated colleges, Magadh University is the largest university in Bihar.
After years of discussion and thought, Magadh University was finally split in 2018 and another university i.e. Pataliputra University came into being which covered under its jurisdiction all colleges located within the geographic area of Patna and Nalanda district that were earlier under Magadh University.
Due to division of the university and other associated issues examination of the university were delayed. For this, MULEA CAMPAIGN was launched.
History
Magadh University was established in 1962 by Satyendra Narayan Sinha, an educationist and the then Education Minister of Bihar. K. K. Dutta, a renowned historian, was the founder vice-chancellor. It started functioning on 2 March 1962 with two constituent colleges, 32 affiliated colleges and seven postgraduate departments.
In 1992, 17 constituent colleges were transferred to the newly constituted Veer Kunwar Singh University, Arrah (Bhojpur).
Several professional/vocational courses like M.B.A., M.C.A., B.C.A., B.B.M. Environmental Science, Tourism & Travel Management, Counseling & Rehabilitation, Journalism & Mass Communication, etc. are being run in constituent/affiliated colleges. There are two government Medical Colleges, two private Engineering Colleges, one private Dental College and three Law colleges under the university. Magadh University also provides distance learning facilities.
Facilities
The university has a multi-storied library, the Mannulal Central Library, besides the department libraries. The central library has about 162,245 books, manuscripts and other reading materials. It has a wide range of ancient and modern literature and books as well as national and international journals.
All the science departments including Psychology and Geography have well-equipped laboratories for teaching and research. Research facilities are available in all the departments. The Science Labs have the modern equipment required for research.
There are eight hostels on campus having accommodation facilities for 1500 students. One girls' hostel is available to accommodate 150 students. The University Health Centre-cum-Dispensary provides medical facilities to students, teachers and other employees residing on and off campus around the clock. It has the services of three doctors, nurses and supporting paramedical staff.
A branch of the Central Bank of India functions on the campus. Likewise, a post office is on campus.
A large sports complex is on the campus for outdoor and indoor games, particularly athletic events.
Magadh University is developing a modern Computer Lab to the requirement of MCA teaching. Besides the facilities for practical work in courses at the university headquarters, the constituent colleges have computer and language labs.
Faculty
150 teachers work in the university departments and more than 2000 teachers are posted in constituent colleges.
Colleges
Affiliated Colleges
Janta College, Aurangabad
K P S College, GAYA
K P S College, HULASGANJ, JEHANABAD
K P S College, KINJAR, ARWAL
M S Y College, KINJER, ARWAL
MAA Bageshwari College, GAYA
Magadh Mahavidyalaya, Sakurabad, Jehanabad
S G M College, GAYA
V S College, BODH GAYA
Mirza Ghalib College
Mahavir College, GAYA
Constituent Colleges
Anugrah Memorial Law college, Gaya, India
A.N.S College, Nabinagar, Aurangabad
Daudnagar College, Daudnagar, Aurangabad
Gautam Buddha Mahila College, Gaya
Gaya College, Gaya
Jagjiwan College, Gaya
K.L.S. College, Nawada
Kishori Sinha Mahila College, Aurangabad
Rajendra Memorial Women's College, Nawada
RLSY College Aurangabad, Aurangabad
S.B.A.N College, Darhatllari, Arwal
S.D. College, Kaler, Arwal
S.M.S.G. College, Sherghati, Gaya
S.N.S. College, Tekari, GAya
S.N. Sinha College, Jehanabad, Jehanabad
S.N.S College, Warisaliganj, NAwada
S.S. College, Jehanabad, Jehanabad
Sachchidananda Sinha College, Aurangabad
T.S. College, Hisua, Nawada
SPY College, Karpi Arwal
RCS College Kurtha, Kurtha, Arwal
R.N.P College Arwal Arwal
SSSG College Arwal, Arwal
Fatehpur Sanda College, Fatehpur Sanda, Arwal
M.S.Y College Kinjer, Kinjer Arwal
jajba Teachers Training,College Khizersarai
Notable alumni
Surendra Prasad Yadav
Pankaj Tripathi
Giriraj Singh
Akharul Iman
Jitan Ram Manjhi
Mangal Pandey
Rajiv Pratap Rudy
Ram Kripal Yadav
Prem Kumar
Binod Kumar Roy
Alok Kumar
Vikash Lal Babu
Dr. Jayanti Prabha Sinha
References
External links
Magadh University, Bodhgaya, Bihar
Gaya College, Gaya
Daudnagar College, Daudnagar, Aurangabad
S S College, Jehanabad
1962 establishments in Bihar
Educational institutions established in 1962
Gaya district
Universities in Bihar
Freden is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Leine, approx. 25 km south of Hildesheim. Since 1 November 2016, the former municipalities Everode, Landwehr and Winzenburg are part of the municipality Freden.
Freden was the seat of the former Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Freden.
Personalities
Friedrich Lorenz (1897-1944), Catholic priest, Nazi opponent
Friedrich Mennecke (1904-1947), NS doctor who participated in the mass destruction of the so-called euthanasia program of national socialism as an accomplice.
References
External links
Hildesheim (district)
A dry-powder inhaler (DPI) is a device that delivers medication to the lungs in the form of a dry powder. DPIs are commonly used to treat respiratory diseases such as asthma, bronchitis, emphysema and COPD although DPIs (such as Inhalable insulin) have also been used in the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
DPIs are an alternative to the aerosol-based inhalers commonly called metered-dose inhaler (or MDI). The DPIs may require some procedure to allow a measured dose of powder to be ready for the patient to take. The medication is commonly held either in a capsule for manual loading or in a proprietary form inside the inhaler. Once loaded or actuated, the operator puts the mouthpiece of the inhaler into their mouth and takes a sharp, deep inhalation (ensuring that the medication reaches the lower parts of the lungs), holding their breath for 5–10 seconds. There are a variety of such devices. The dose that can be delivered is typically less than a few tens of milligrams in a single breath since larger powder doses may lead to provocation of cough.
Most DPIs rely on the force of patient inhalation to entrain powder from the device and subsequently break up the powder into particles that are small enough to reach the lungs. For this reason, insufficient patient inhalation flow rates may lead to reduced dose delivery and incomplete deaggregation of the powder, leading to unsatisfactory device performance. Thus, most DPIs have a minimum inspiratory effort that is needed for proper use and it is for this reason that such DPIs are normally used only in older children and adults.
Inhaler Technique and Use
While DPIs are commonly used in the treatment of lung-based disorders, their use requires dexterity to complete the required sequential steps to achieve application of these devices. Incorrect completion of one or more steps in the use of a DPI can substantially reduce the delivery of the administrated medication and consequently its effectiveness and safety. Numerous studies have demonstrated that between 50 and 100% of patients do not use their inhaler devices correctly, with patients often unaware that they are using their inhaled medication incorrectly. Incorrect inhaler technique has been associated with poorer outcomes.
Lactose
Some powder inhalers use lactose to:
Carry the fine particles of the active pharmaceutical ingredient (which must be fine to reach its target)
Improve the flow-ability of the powder during manufacturing and to aid handling
Act as a bulking agent
Aid in powder uptake from the device during inhalation and aerosolization
It has been suggested that such lactose may be harmful to lactose intolerant people, and some doctors advise patients not to use lactose containing DPIs to minimize the risk of hypersensitivity reactions.
Storage
DPI medication must be stored in a dry place in a temperature of not more than 25 °C (77 °F) and humidity between 40 and 50% in a sealed packaging, since exposure of the powder to moisture degrades the ability of the device to disperse its medication as a fine powder upon inhalation. Some medication also needs photo protection.
See also
Inhaler
Metered-dose inhaler
Nebulizer
References
Further reading
Guidance for Industry: Metered Dose Inhaler (MDI) and Dry Powder Inhaler (DPI) Drug Products – Food and Drug Administration Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER)
The Diskus(tm) Inhaler – Medscape Today clinical drug investigation
Dosage forms
Drug delivery devices
Medical treatments
Powders
Elisabeth Bergmann (-Korentschnig) (November 20, 1970) is an Austrian rhythmic gymnast.
Elisabeth Bergmann competed for Austria in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There she was 25th in the preliminary (qualification) round and did not advance to the final.
References
External links
Elisabeth Bergmann at Sports-Reference.com
1970 births
Living people
Austrian rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Austria
Alexei Sayle's Merry-Go-Round is a comedy sketch show which ran on BBC2 for a total of 6 episodes over one series in May and June 1998.
Alexei Sayle's final series was almost identical in format to The New Alexei Sayle Show
except with yet another change of writers. (This time they included Kevin Cecil, Dave Cummings, Kevin Gildea, Andy Riley and Edgar Wright). Unusually, there was no studio audience.
Sketches included the talents of Noel Fielding, Lee Hurst, Paul Putner, Gemma Rigg, Reece Shearsmith, Jessica Stevenson, David Walliams and Peter Serafinowicz
The continuing adventures of Bobby Chariot were chronicled. Now free from any obligation to be Alexei's warm-up man, he traversed a series of other career cul-de-sacs under the appalling management of the repulsive "Edna" (played by Denise Coffey). Meanwhile, Alexei Sayle himself was depicted as living in a Teletubbies-style burrow somewhere in the posh part of North London.
The show's theme song is a cover of "Merry-Go-Round" by Wild Man Fischer.
Sources
Johnson RK, British TV Show Reviews
"UK Comedy" on Memorable TV
References
BBC television sketch shows
1990s British comedy television series
1998 British television series debuts
1998 British television series endings
Sheelavathi is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. B. Unni. The film stars Sathyan, K. R. Vijaya, P. J. Antony and Sankaradi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan as Ugrathapassu
K. R. Vijaya as Sheelaavathi
P. J. Antony as Athri Maharshi
Sankaradi as Thandulan
T. R. Omana as Anasooya
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Anangan
S. P. Pillai as Sunethran
Ushakumari as Saraswathi
Vijayalalitha as Dancer
Kottayam Chellappan as Maandavyan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
The 1984 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1984 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Percy Fry Kendall, FRS (15 November 1856 – 19 March 1936), was an English geologist. A student of Thomas Henry Huxley, he was Professor of Geology at the University of Leeds from 1904 to 1922. In 1909 he was awarded the Lyell Medal of the Geological Society of London, mainly for his work on the glacial geology of England.
References
1856 births
1936 deaths
English geologists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Lyell Medal winners
Academics of the University of Leeds
Cold Springs Dam is an earthen dam northeast of Hermiston and 3 miles south of the Columbia River in Umatilla County, Oregon.
The dam impounds the water of the Umatilla River to create Cold Springs Reservoir, a component of the Umatilla Basin Project of the United States Bureau of Reclamation. Dating from 1908, the first generation of the bureau's projects in the American west, the reservoir supplies irrigation water for local agriculture in this arid and seasonally-cold desert region. The nearby 1927 McKay Dam and McKay Reservoir are part of the same water management project.
The reservoir also overlays the Cold Springs National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1909.
The dam stands high and has a capacity of roughly .
References
Dams in Oregon
Reservoirs in Oregon
Buildings and structures in Umatilla County, Oregon
United States Bureau of Reclamation dams
Dams completed in 1908
1908 establishments in Oregon
Lakes of Umatilla County, Oregon
Nothin' But the Truth! is an album by saxophonist Teddy Edwards which was recorded in 1966 and released on the Prestige label.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars stating "quite brief (just 32 minutes) but it does give one a pretty definitive look into the style of tenor-saxophonist Teddy Edwards".
Track listing
All compositions by Teddy Edwards except as indicated
"Nothin' But the Truth" - 4:07
"Games That Lovers Play" (James Last) - 4:08
"On the Street Where You Live" (Alan Jay Lerner, Frederick Loewe) - 6:44
"Brazilian Skies" - 5:07
"But Beautiful" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 7:04
"Lovin' It, Lovin' It" - 5:15
Personnel
Teddy Edwards - tenor saxophone
Walter Davis, Jr. - piano
Phil Orlando - guitar
Paul Chambers - bass
Billy Higgins - drums
Montego Joe - congas, bongos
References
Teddy Edwards albums
1967 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Don Schlitten
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
The Toronto Mendelssohn Choir is a Canadian large vocal ensemble based in Toronto, Ontario. It was co-founded in 1894 by Augustus S. Vogt and W. H. Hewlett to celebrate the opening of the Massey Hall. The ensemble was originally an extension of the choir of Jarvis St. Baptist Church in Toronto which Vogt directed and Hewlett accompanied. It is named after the German composer, Felix Mendelssohn.
The choir has 150 voices, including a professional core of 20 singers along with auditioned amateur singers. The chamber-sized, 70-voice Mendelssohn Singers is formed from the choir.
The choir performs secular and sacred choral masterpieces in its own annual concert series, as well as regular performances with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. The choir has toured in the United States and Europe, performing at the Carnegie Hall, Royal Albert Hall, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Kennedy Center, and major venues in Vienna, Salzburg and Prague. In January 2010, the choir travelled to Vancouver to perform in the 2010 Cultural Olympiad.
The Toronto Mendelssohn Choir's outreach programs include Singsation Saturday Choral Workshops for singers, and an annual Choral Conductors' Symposium for emerging conductors.
Recordings
Since 1926, the Toronto Mendelssohn Choir has made or been featured in 20 recordings, the most popular being Handel's Messiah with Kathleen Battle, Florence Quivar, John Aler, Samuel Ramey and the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, under the direction of Sir Andrew Davis (1987). The choir has appeared on movie soundtracks including Agnes of God and the award-winning soundtrack to Schindler's List (uncredited) under the direction of John Williams. Recent albums under conductor Noel Edison include Berlioz: Requiem (1998) and A Festival of Carols (2006).
Conductors
Augustus Vogt (1894–1917)
Herbert A. Fricker (1917–42)
Sir Ernest MacMillan (1942–57)
Frederick Silvester (1957–60)
Walter Susskind (1960–64)
Elmer Iseler (1964–97)
Noel Edison (1997–2018)
Jean-Sébastien Vallée (2021– )
References
External links
Official website
Canadian choirs
Musical groups from Toronto
Musical groups established in 1894
1894 establishments in Ontario
Coffee production in Bolivia has had a long history in the country. Coffee is grown in regions of above the sea level.
History
19th century
Bolivia did not export as much coffee as the neighboring countries. The best coffee produced Yungas, which rivals Cafe mocha. The departments of La Paz, Cochabamba, Santa Cruz, and El Beni are the principal areas which produced coffee; the most notable areas were the districts of Yungas, Caupalicam, Espiritu Santo, and Valle Grande. There was a time in which the Yungas coffee had a great demand, especially so in Europe. This Asiatic plant is so well acclimatized in Yungas that it grows spontaneously, for each grain which falls on the ground becomes a tree. In 1885, the production of coffee was 2,400,000 pounds a year. By 1900, at La Paz, a machine was installed to roast and grind coffee, selling it in home-made tins.
Early 20th century
Production in 1908 was 1,500,000 pounds. About 150,000 pounds were exported annually; most of it is consigned to Chile.
See also
References
This article includes text incorporated from Pan American Union's "Coffee: extensive information and statistics" (1902), a publication now in the public domain.
This article includes text incorporated from H.C. Graham's "Coffee: Production, trade, and consumption by countries" (1912), a publication now in the public domain.
Agriculture in Bolivia
Bolivia
AEC Armoured Car is the name of a series of British heavy armoured cars built by the Associated Equipment Company (AEC) during the Second World War.
The AEC came about following British experience in the Western Desert against Italian armoured cars. British armoured cars were only armed with light and heavy machine guns and the army was fitting captured Italian and German 20mm or larger autocannon to have enough firepower when meeting enemy reconnaissance vehicles.
The Daimler armoured car was under development with a 40mm 2-pounder gun as used on British tanks but no armoured cars were envisaged with the armour as well as the armament of a tank. AEC undertook development privately of a vehicle based on one of the lorry designs (a artillery tractor) that would have armour equivalent to a contemporary cruiser tank.
Design and development
AEC of Southall, England was a manufacturer of truck and bus chassis and its Matador artillery tractor was used for towing medium field and heavy anti-aircraft guns. The armoured car based on the Matador artillery chassis was developed initially as a private venture and a mock-up was shown to officials in 1941 at Horse Guards Parade in London, where it made a favourable impression on Winston Churchill and following an initial contract for 120, 629 vehicles were produced from 1942–1943.
AEC tried to build an armoured car with fire power and protection comparable to those of contemporary British cruiser tanks. The first version used the turret of a Valentine Mk II infantry tank complete with the 2 pounder gun. Subsequent versions received a 6 pounder or a 75 mm gun in a custom-built turret. The vehicle also carried a single Besa machine gun, a 2-inch (51 mm) bomb thrower (smoke grenade discharger) and a No. 19 radio set. Mark I vehicles had a Bren light machine gun for defence against aircraft, later vehicles received a "PLM" mounting one or two Vickers K machine guns. The turret was electrically driven with a manual traverse option.
The driver was provided with two periscopes for vision when closed up; otherwise he could raise his seat to see over the glacis.
The engine was mounted at a downwards angle reducing the angle on the transfer shafts and height over the rear hull deck. In normal on road use only the front wheels were driven.
Service history
The Mk I was first used in combat in the North African Campaign late in 1942, where a few vehicles were reportedly fitted with a Crusader tank turret mounting a 6 pounder gun. The Mk II and Mk III took part in the fighting in Europe with British and British Indian Army units, often together with the American-supplied Staghound armoured car.
The AEC armoured car with 75mm gun replaced US half-track 75 mm self-propelled guns in the four fighting squadrons of some armoured car regiments.
The vehicle remained in service after the end of the war until replaced by the Alvis Saladin. The Lebanese Army used the car at least until 1976. Additionally for Lebanon, from 1956 some AEC turrets were added to Staghound armoured cars.
Variants
Mk I
original version with turret from a Valentine tank, 129 built. Some in the Middle East had 6-pounder gun fitted
Mk II
larger turret for three-man crew with a 6 pounder gun, redesigned front hull, diesel engine.
Mk III
"Close Support Armoured Car", a Mk II with 6 pounders replaced by the QF 75 mm gun which had the same mountings.
AA
Turret similar to Crusader AA tank turret with twin Oerlikon 20 mm cannon capable of high elevation to engage enemy aircraft. Prototype built in 1944 but did not enter production due to Allied air superiority in Northern Europe.
References
Sources
George Forty - World War Two Armoured Fighting Vehicles and Self-Propelled Artillery, Osprey Publishing 1996, .
I. Moschanskiy - Armored vehicles of the Great Britain 1939-1945 part 2, Modelist-Konstruktor, Bronekollektsiya 1999-02 (И. Мощанский - Бронетанковая техника Великобритании 1939-1945 часть 2, Моделист-Конструктор, Бронеколлекция 1999-02).
B.T. White Armoured Cars (AFV Weapons Profile No. 21) Profile Publishing.
External links
Britain's Associated Equipment Company (AEC) Armored Cars at wwiivehicles.com
Tank2.ru
Battlefront.co.nz
AEC Mark 1 Armored Car at warwheels.net
AEC Mark 2 Armored Car at warwheels.net
AEC Mark 3 Armored Car at warwheels.net
World War II armoured fighting vehicles of the United Kingdom
World War II armoured cars
Armoured Car
Armoured cars of the United Kingdom
Wheeled reconnaissance vehicles
Military vehicles introduced from 1940 to 1944
Oxford Community Schools is a school district headquartered in Oxford, Michigan.
The district serves portions of northeastern Oakland County and southwestern Lapeer County. In Oakland County, it serves Oxford, Leonard, most of Oxford Township, and portions of Addison and Brandon townships. In Lapeer County, the district serves sections of Dryden and Metamora townships.
History
Chinese international student program
In 2010, the district established a program so that international students from China could pay tuition and study at Oxford Community Schools. The school district placed some students with American host families, while the majority of the students who came as part of the Weiming Education Group lived in a residence hall at Rochester College. At one point, the district had 80 Chinese national international students. The district had a Confucius Institute-related program, and in 2013 the operator of the program, the Hanban ranked the district "Confucius Classroom of the Year". At first, the presence of Chinese students had no controversy in the district community. The district had Chinese students for two years, with Chinese students required to take university courses so they could stay for the second year, with courses taking place at Oxford High School.
William Skilling, then the superintendent, supported a proposal to establish a 200-student dormitory so the district could educate international students from China as part of a partnership with Weiming. The dormitory was to be in size. The condition was that Oxford schools had to attract at least 100 Chinese students, which by 2017 the district maintained. A group of area residents opposed the proposal, which surfaced in October 2014. Skilling approved the proposal because it could generate income for the district.
In December 2014, Skilling said he planned to retire on August 31, 2015. On February 11, 2015, the school board approved the dormitory deal, which was in a 20-year contract. Five members voted for it, and one voted against it. In May 2015, the school board immediately designated Tim Throne as the superintendent and canceled Skilling's contract. By November 2015, the Department of Homeland Security said Oxford Schools could from this point forward only house each Chinese international student for one year, with remaining two-year program students grandfathered in and taking their university courses at Rochester University.
COVID-19 pandemic
In November 2021, the school board considered refusing to follow the statewide mask mandate during the COVID-19 pandemic.
2021 shooting
On November 30, 2021, a mass shooting occurred at Oxford High School. Four students were killed, and seven other people were injured. The suspected shooter is 15-year-old sophomore student Ethan Crumbley, who was taken into custody at the scene on the same day. Crumbley, who is being charged as an adult, faces both murder and terrorism charges. Crumbley's parents had met with school personnel regarding his behavior just three hours before the shooting. Crumbley's cell phone contained a video about the shooting plans that he made the night before the shooting. He was arraigned on December 1 on charges including terrorism and four counts of premeditated murder. Crumbley's parents were charged on December 3 with involuntary manslaughter for failing to secure the handgun used in the shooting. Both were arraigned on December 4 on their charges.
Following public scrutiny of the school's handling of reports about Crumbley's behavior, Throne announced that a third-party investigation of the incident would be conducted. He also said he would recommend a review of the district's "entire system" to school board members. On December 9, multiple survivors of the shooting filed two $100 million lawsuits against the district and its employees. At least one lawsuit alleges that school officials failed to stop the shooting and ignored several warning signs, such as threats posted to social media that had been brought to the school's attention.
Programs
As of 2017, the tuition for the Weiming program was $30,500 U.S. per student, a decline from the previous $40,000 per student. In turn, the district received $10,000 per student per year from Weiming.
Schools
Secondary schools
Oxford High School
Oxford Middle School
Elementary schools
Daniel Axford
Clear Lake
Lakeville
Leonard
Oxford
Preschool
Oxford Early Learning Center
Alternative
Oxford Bridges High School
Oxford Crossroads Day School
References
External links
Oxford Community School District
School districts in Michigan
Education in Lapeer County, Michigan
Education in Oakland County, Michigan
Honey hunting or honey harvesting is the gathering of honey from wild bee colonies and is one of the most ancient human activities and is still practiced by aboriginal societies in parts of Africa, Asia, Australia and South America. Some of the earliest evidence of gathering honey from wild colonies is from rock painting, dating to around 8,000 BC. In the Middle Ages in Europe, the gathering of honey from wild or semi-wild bee colonies was carried out on a commercial scale.
Gathering honey from wild bee colonies is usually done by subduing the bees with smoke and breaking open the tree or rocks where the colony is located, often resulting in the physical destruction of the colony.
Africa
Honey hunting in Africa is a part of the indigenous cultures in many parts and hunters have hunted for thousands of years.
Asia
Nepal
A documentary by freelance photo journalists Diane Summers and Eric Valli on the Honey hunters of Nepal documents Gurung tribesmen of west-central Nepal entering the jungle in search of wild honey where they use indigenous tools under precarious conditions to collect honey.
Twice a year high in the Himalayan foothills of central Nepal teams of men gather around cliffs that are home to the world's largest honeybee, Apis laboriosa. As they have for generations, the men come to harvest the Himalayan cliff bee's honey.
This was also documented in a BBC2 documentary in August 2008 entitled Jimmy and the Wild Honey Hunters-Sun. An English farmer travelled into the Himalayan foothills on a honey hunting expedition. The world's largest honeybee, A. laboriosa is over twice the size of those in the UK where their larger bodies have adapted to the colder climate for insulation. The documentary involved ascending a 200-foot rope ladder and balancing a basket and a long pole to chisel away at a giant honey comb of up to 2 million bees and catch it in the basket.
For centuries the Gurung people of the country of Nepal risked their lives to collect wild cliff-honey. Photos of Andrew Newey capture this dying tradition.
Bangladesh and India
In the Sunderban forest, shared by Bangladesh and India's West Bengal, estuarine forests are the area of operation of honey hunters. They are known as "Mawals". This is a dangerous occupation as many honeyhunters die in tiger attacks which are common in this area. The harvest ritual, which varies slightly from community to community, begins with a prayer and sacrifice of flowers, fruits, and rice. Then a fire is lit at the base of the cliff to smoke the bees from their honeycombs.
Indonesia
The traditional method of harvesting honey in Riau Province is called Menumbai. This skill is performed by Petalangan people who live in the Sialang tree in the Tanah Ulayat forest area, Pelalawan. Menumbai Pelalawan is a way of taking honey from a beehive using a bucket and rope. To prevent the bees from stinging the body, the taking of the honey is accompanied by the recitation of mantras and rhymes. Menumbai Pelalawan is only done in wild bee hives and only in the afternoon.
Europe
Function
As early as the Stone Age, people collected the honey of wild bees, but this was not done commercially. From the Early Middle Ages it became a trade, known in German-speaking central Europe, for example, as a Zeidler or Zeitler, whose job it was to collect the honey of wild, semi-wild or domestic bees in the forests. Unlike modern beekeepers, they did not keep the bees in man-made wooden beehives. Instead, they cut holes as hives in old trees at a height of about six meters and fitted a board over the entrance. Whether a colony of bees nested there or not depended entirely on the natural environment and that could change every year. The tree tops were also cut off in order to prevent wind damage.
Distribution
Extremely valuable, if not a prerequisite for tree beekeeping, were conifer stands. Important locations for honey hunting in the Middle Ages were in the regions of the Fichtel Mountains and the Nuremberg Imperial Forest. In Bavaria forest beekeeping is recorded as early as the year 959 in the vicinity of Grabenstätt. But even in the area of today's Berlin, there was extensive honey gathering, especially in the then much larger Grunewald.
In the area around Nuremberg there are still numerous references to an earlier flourishing honey hunting tradition such as the castle of Zeidlerschloss in Feucht. Honey was important for Nuremberg's gingerbread production; the Nuremberg Reichswald ("The bee garden of the Holy Roman Empire") provided plenty of it.
References
Literature and Film
Honeyland, 2019 documentary set in North Macedonia
Eva Crane: The world history of beekeeping and honey hunting. Duckworth, London, 2000. .
Hermann Geffcken, Monika Herb, Marian Jeliński und Irmgard Jung-Hoffman (Hrsg.): Bienenbäume, Figurenstöcke und Bannkörbe. Fördererkreis d. naturwiss. Museen Berlins, Berlin 1993. .
Karl Hasel, Ekkehard Schwartz: Forstgeschichte. Ein Grundriss für Studium und Praxis. 2nd, updated edition. Kessel, Remagen, 2002, .
Richard B. Hilf: Der Wald. Wald und Weidwerk in Geschichte und Gegenwart – Erster Teil [reprint]. Aula, Wiebelsheim, 2003, .
Klaus Baake: Das Zeidelprivileg von 1350. Munich, 1990.
Mark Synnott: “The Last Honey Hunter” p. 80. National Geographic. Vol. 232. No. 1. July 2017.
Beekeeping
Non-timber forest products
Hunting in Nepal
Patrick Samuel Jones (born 9 June 2003) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for Huddersfield Town as a winger. He has also represented Wales at under-21 international level.
Career
Born in Stockport, England, Jones started his football career at his local team Ruthin Town, before moving to Bala Town and then Wrexham in 2017. He joined the Huddersfield Town Academy in September 2019, before signing a professional contract in October 2020. Because the transfer was across the England–Wales border, Jones had to wait for international clearance before joining the club, which came in January 2020.
Jones made his senior debut for Huddersfield Town on 9 January 2021, starting in their 3–2 FA Cup Third Round defeat to Plymouth Argyle, before being replaced by Rolando Aarons.
He scored his first goal for Huddersfield against Norwich City on 16 August 2022.
International
Jones has played for Wales' Under-17 side.
In June 2022, Jones played twice for the Wales U21 team in UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification matches against the Netherlands U21 and Gibraltar U21.
External links
References
2003 births
Living people
Footballers from Stockport
Welsh footballers
Wales youth international footballers
English footballers
English people of Welsh descent
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
Ruthin Town F.C. players
Bala Town F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Alamosa County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 16,376. The county seat is Alamosa. The county name is the Spanish language word for a "grove of cottonwood trees."
History
Alamosa County was created by the Colorado legislature on March 8, 1913, out of northwestern Costilla County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Saguache County, Colorado - north
Huerfano County, Colorado - east
Costilla County, Colorado - southeast
Conejos County, Colorado - southwest
Rio Grande County, Colorado - west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 160
U.S. Highway 285
State Highway 17
State Highway 150
State Highway 368
State Highway 370
State Highway 371
National protected area
Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve
Other protected areas
Alamosa National Wildlife Refuge
Great Sand Dunes Wilderness
Monte Vista National Wildlife Refuge
Rio Grande National Forest
San Luis State Park
Sangre de Cristo Wilderness
Scenic trails
Los Caminos Antiguos Scenic and Historic Byway
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Transportation
Alamosa is served by San Luis Valley Regional Airport. The only commercial service is to Denver.
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 14,966 people, 5,467 households, and 3,651 families living in the county. The population density was 21 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 6,088 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 71.19% White, 0.97% Black or African American, 2.34% Native American, 0.82% Asian, 0.19% Pacific Islander, 20.34% from other races, and 4.16% from two or more races. 41.41% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 5,467 households 35.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.50% were married couples living together, 11.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.20% were non-families. 27.30% of households were one person and 8.70% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.14.
The age distribution was 27.20% under the age of 18, 15.90% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 20.60% from 45 to 64, and 9.60% 65 or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 99.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.30 males.
The median household income was $29,447 and the median family income was $38,389. Males had a median income of $27,733 versus $22,806 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,037. About 15.60% of families and 21.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.40% of those under age 18 and 13.90% of those age 65 or over.
In 2000, the largest denominational groups were Catholics (with 5,716 members) and Evangelical Protestants (with 1,755 members). The largest religious bodies were the Catholic Church (with 5,716 adherents) and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (with 1,155 adherents).
Politics
Alamosa County is a competitive swing county, voting for the winning Presidential candidate in every election since its formation except 1944, 1960, 1976, 2016, and 2020. In the 2016 election, Donald Trump – who captured several previously solidly Democratic counties in southern Colorado – became the first Republican to win the presidency without carrying the county since it was created before the 1916 election. Trump flipped the county in 2020, the only one in Colorado, and one of only fifteen nationally, which he turned from blue to red that year.
Communities
City
Alamosa
Town
Hooper
Census Designated Place
Alamosa East
Unincorporated communities
Estrella
Hartner
Henry
La Fruto
Mosca
Parma‡
Waverly
License plate code
Alamosa County has used the following county codes on Colorado license plates issued to passenger vehicles in the county: XE-XG and EAA-ABD.
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
Colorado counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Alamosa County, Colorado
Notes
References
External links
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
1913 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1913
Colorado counties
San Luis Valley of Colorado
Ömercik, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The 1970 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 1970 NCAA University Division football season. In their seventh season under head coach Tommy Hudspeth, the Cougars compiled a 3–8 record (1–6 against WAC opponents), finished seventh in the WAC, and were outscored by a total of 255 to 138.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Jumana Ghunaimat (; born 4 December 1973) is a Jordanian journalist and media figure, and is the former Minister of State for Media Affairs and Government Spokesperson in Prime Minister Omar Al-Razzaz's cabinet on 14 June 2018. She currently occupies the position of Jordan's ambassador to Morocco.
Life
Ghunaimat was born and raised in Al Salt to a family of nine boys and three girls. Her father is retired Major General and former deputy Pasha Suleiman Ali Ghunaimat, she moved between Baghdad and Amman when her father was a military attaché in Iraq, and her mother Hind Abdel Fattah Ghunaimat is a retired teacher, she studied at the Model School located in Salt, She completed her secondary studies there and also participated in Sabila Al-Hassan for Youth, where she learned volunteer work and serving the country.
She holds a Bachelor's degree in Political Science from the University of Jordan in June 1996.
Family Life
Ghunaimat has two children, a daughter named Wassan and a son named Shas.
Career
She started her career in 1996 in Al-Raiy newspaper in the advertising department, and then she took over the poverty pockets file. In 2006, she was offered a job in the Jordanian newspaper "Al-Sijel", in addition to her work in "Al-Raiy", with professors Mustafa Al-Hamarneh and George Hawatmeh. Therefore, she accepted the offer without a second thought, and worked on a qualitative coverage of the public finances and the economic reform program that the Kingdom underwent in the period between 1989 and June 2004. She also supported women and poor citizens in Jordanian society.
In 2008, she made the decision to leave Al-Raiy newspaper, and then moved to Al-Ghad newspaper at the end of 2008 as director of the economic page. She was then appointed editor-in-chief in 2012, by a decision of the publisher of Al-Ghad, the Jordanian businessman and investor Muhammad Alyan, to be the sixth editor-in-chief to occupy this position, which was launched in the year 2004.
She is the first woman to receive the position of editor-in-chief of an Arab newspaper. And she works in the field of training through giving specialized economic courses. She wrote for a number of websites, and worked as an economic analyst for a number of local and Arab visual media, including: Al Arabiya TV, Al Jazeera, Jordan TV, and Roya TV.
She submitted several papers after leaving the ministry, especially regarding the Corona pandemic, where she spoke about media policies in light of the Corona pandemic. She continued to defend social media.
Awards and honors
She received many awards and was honored on most occasions for what she published in opinions and articles on the national economy.
She was chosen to participate in several conferences and economic committees as an expert in internal economic affairs.
In August 2014, she conducted an exclusive Al-Ghad newspaper interview with Jordan's King Abdullah II bin Al Hussein
In March 2016, she was nominated by the European Union Ambassador to Jordan Andrea Matteo Fontana, to be among the "Women Pioneering in Development List", "for her dedication to empowering media and journalism", on the occasion of International Women's Day.
Memberships
Member of the Board of Trustees of the National Center for Human Rights.
Member of the International Women's Forum.
Member of the “One Evra” organization concerned with developing print media and supporting women to take on leadership in the “written media”.
Ministry of Media
On June 14, 2018, she was appointed as Minister of Media Affairs in the government of Dr. Omar Razzaz, taking the constitutional oath before the Jordanian monarch at Al Husseiniya Palace in Amman. Until November 6, 2019 after Prime Minister Omar Razzaz's decision to carry out a cabinet reshuffle.
Her appearance before the Jordanian judiciary and her innocence
She appeared before the judiciary in several publications and publishing cases as a result of a case filed by an unknown person, on October 11 2014, when she was serving as editor-in-chief of Al-Ghad newspaper, she appeared before Amman's public prosecutor, Judge Rami Al-Tarawneh, against the background of a complaint submitted to the Public Prosecution by the Public Prosecutor, after she published an article Entitled “We are tired of the show...so stop it!”, related to the behavior of some members of Parliament.
The public prosecutor assigned her a charge of not investigating the truth in violation of the provisions of Article 5 of the Publication Law, a charge of lack of objectivity and balance in contravention of the provisions of period 7 / c of the Publications Law, and a charge of defaming an official body based on the provisions of Article 191 of the Penal Code. Amman Public Prosecutor, Judge Rami Al-Tarawneh, decided on Wednesday, October 29, 2014, to prevent the trial of Al-Ghad newspaper and its editor-in-chief (who was Jumana Ghunaimat).
The judge based his decision on the fact that the article published in the newspaper came within the permissible criticism that aims to correct and improve performance and is not intended to offend the legislative institution or zany one of its members, adding that it falls within the freedom of expression of opinion in the performance of the legislative institution. The public prosecutor did not find that this act constitutes a crime, but rather a permissible act. At the time, the newspaper's lawyer, Mahmoud Qteishat, said that the decision was considered within the context of the judicial body's support for media freedom, adding that it confirmed the judicial trends in support of freedom of opinion and expression over the past ten years drawn up by the Publications Court.
The case of her stomping the Israeli flag
In December 2018, the Israeli government presented an official protest with Jordan, over a photo that spread of the government spokeswoman, Jumana Ghunaimat, stomping on the Israeli flag while she was visiting the headquarters of the trade union complex in the capital, Amman. The newspaper "Yediot Aharonot" (an Israeli newspaper) reported that the Minister of Information stomped on the Israel's flag at the Professional Syndicate Complex in Amman, where a meeting of the Jordanian government was held, headed by Prime Minister Omar Al-Razzaz.
The Israeli Foreign Ministry raised a "strongly worded" protest to Jordan over the image, which angered Tel Aviv officials, and the Jordanian ambassador, Ghassan Al-Majali, was summoned to protest in front of him on Sunday, at the ministry's headquarters, and the media published in the Israeli Broadcasting Corporation, Shimon Aran, in his account on Twitter, A picture of Jumana, trampling on the Israeli flag, adding in a tweet: “A new crisis between Israel and Jordan due to Minister Jumana Ghunaimat stepping on the Israeli flag drawn on the floor of the Professional Syndicate Complex in the capital, Amman.”
In a statement issued by the Jordanian Foreign Ministry spokesman Majid al-Qatarneh, he said that Jordan had informed Israel of its respect for the peace treaty between the two parties, following diplomatic tension resulting from the Jordanian media minister's trampling of the Israeli flag while she was attending an official meeting.
Jordanians interacted on social media with the photo by launching the "Jumana Ghunaimat Represent Me" campaign.
They expressed their pride in their minister and declared their solidarity with her in the face of the "Israeli attack." Others described the minister's movement as spontaneous, and were surprised by Tel Aviv's reaction to the photo, saying that it revealed the superficial thinking of its officials.
Appointing her as Ambassador to the Kingdom of Morocco
On September 1, 2021, a royal decree was issued approving the Cabinet's decision to appointing her as an ambassador in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Imigrants, and naming her an ambassador to the Kingdom of Morocco. She was awarded the Order of Independence, First Class, on the occasion of her designation as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Morocco.
References
External links
Twitter page
Living people
Government ministers of Jordan
University of Jordan alumni
1973 births
21st-century Jordanian women politicians
21st-century Jordanian politicians
Jordanian journalists
People from Balqa Governorate
The bordered white or pine looper (Bupalus piniaria), is a moth of the family Geometridae. Among these, it belongs to tribe Bupalini of the subfamily Ennominae. B. piniaria is a common species throughout the western Palearctic region, the Near East and North Africa. However, its presence in certain regions – e.g. the northern Balkans – is doubtful.
It is (under its original scientific name Phalaena piniaria) the type species of its genus Bupalus, as well as the junior objective synonyms Catograpta, Chleuastes and Phaophyga, and the preoccupied Bupala. Via its genus, it is also the type of the Bupalini.
Three subspecies are generally recognized, while two additional ones are doubtfully distinct:
Bupalus piniaria bernieri de Lajonquiere, 1958
Bupalus piniaria espagnolus Eitschberger & Steiniger, 1975
Bupalus piniaria flavescens White, 1876 (usually included in piniaria)
Bupalus piniaria mughusaria Gumppenberg, 1887 (usually included in piniaria)
Bupalus piniaria piniaria (Linnaeus, 1758)
In addition, many forms (e.g. kolleri) have also been named.
Description and ecology
This moth is an inhabitant of coniferous woodland. The adults fly in May and June, sometimes later (up to August or so) in the north of the range. Their wingspan is 34–40 mm. This is a variable species with strong sexual dimorphism, always conspicuous in the antennae which are combed in the males and plain in the females. Females, particularly when filled with ripe eggs, also have a plumper abdomen.
The male has upperwings with broad dark brown borders and spots and a background varying from white in the north to deep yellow in southern populations. The female is plainer, varying from yellow to brown on the upperwings, which have slightly darker crosswise stripes. In both sexes, the wingtips are darkest. The underwings are less dimorphic, orange-brown with darker tips on the forewings and marbled light brown with a whitish lengthwise stripe on the hindwings in both sexes. The male's underwings have a wider whitish hindwing stripe and darker forewing tips, while the females have a more contrasting hindwing pattern. All four wings are bordered by a short fringe of alternating sections of white and dark brown hairs. Bilateral gynandromorphs are easily recognized in this species.
The caterpillar larva is green with pale lines and usually feeds on various species of pine (Pinus), especially Scots pine (P. sylvestris) and European black pine (P. nigra). It has also been recorded feeding on Douglas-fir (Pseudotsuga), larch (Larix) and spruce (Picea, e.g. Norway spruce P. abies). This species overwinters as a pupa. It can be a serious pest in conifer plantations.
Footnotes
References
(2007): Domino Guide to the Insects of Britain and Western Europe (Revised ed.). A. & C. Black, London.
(2009): Bupalus piniaria. Version 2.1, 22 December 2009. Retrieved 13 May 2010.
(2004): Butterflies and Moths of the World, Generic Names and their Type-species – Bupalus. Version of 5 November 2004. Retrieved 13 May 2010.
(1942): Ein geteilter Zwitter von Bupalus piniarius L. ["A bilateral gynandromorph of the Bordered White"]. Zeitschrift des Wiener Entomologen-Vereins 27: 287-288 [in German]. PDF fulltext
(2001): Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and some other life forms – Bupalus piniarius [sic]. Version of 1 October 2001. Retrieved 13 May 2010.
(1984): Colour Identification Guide to Moths of the British Isles.
External links
Bordered white at UKMoths
Bordered white at kimmos.freeshell.org
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Trees for Life
Vlindernet.nl
Bupalini
Moths described in 1758
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
This World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon) list includes prior and scheduled Worldcons. The data is maintained by the Long List Committee, a World Science Fiction Society sub-committee.
Notes:
Name – a convention is normally listed by the least confusing version of its name. This is usually the name preferred by the convention, but fannish tradition is followed in retroactively numbering the first Worldcon in a series 1 (or I or One).
Guests of honor – custom in designating guests of honor has varied greatly, with some conventions giving specific titles (Fan, Pro, Australia, US, Artist, etc.) and some simply call them all guests of honor. Specific labels have been used where they existed, as have regional variants in spelling.
Size – where available, this column records two numbers: how many paying members attended the Worldcon and how many total members there were (in parentheses). The available data is very incomplete and imprecise and many of these numbers are probably substantially in error.
No Worldcons were held between 1942 and 1945 due to World War II.
External links
Official Worldcon long list
References
Alice Vaughan, Countess of Carbery (1619-1689), known before her marriage as Alice Egerton, was the daughter of John Egerton, 1st Earl of Bridgewater. She was a musician and performer who acted in two notable masques: Aurelian Townshend's Tempe Restored (1632), and John Milton's Maske Performed at Ludlow Castle (1634).
Alice Egerton was the youngest of eleven daughters. She starred in the singing role of The Lady in Milton's Maske when it was performed at Ludlow Castle in 1634, in honor of her father's appointment as Lord President of Wales. Her younger brothers, John and Thomas, appeared as The Lady's Brothers. Henry Lawes, who wrote the music for the Maske, was Alice Egerton's music teacher. She was participating in a family tradition: her grandmother, Alice Spencer, Countess of Derby, a well-known patron of the arts, had herself appeared in Ben Jonson's The Masque of Queens in 1609 and was the honoree of Milton's masque Arcades.
Alice Egerton married Richard Vaughan, 2nd Earl of Carbery in 1652, when she was aged about 33 and he was approximately twenty years older; they had no children. The earl succeeded Alice's father as Lord President of Wales following the Restoration of the monarchy in 1660, but he was later removed from the post.
References
1619 births
1689 deaths
English actresses
Carbery
Daughters of British earls
Jean Compagnon (26 October 1916 – 4 November 2010) was a French officer and Général de corps d'armée.
Biography
Early life
Jean, Georges, André Compagnon was the son of colonel Marcel Compagnon and Lucie Dehesdin. He conducted his secondary studies at Collège Gerome.
Family
He married twice and is survived by six children.
Military career
Early military career
Saint-Cyrien of the promotion « King Alexander I of Yugoslavia » (1934-1936), Jean was commissioned as a Sous-lieutenant in 1936.
Assigned to the 4th Hussar Regiment 4e RH from 1937 to 1940, he was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant on October 1, 1938. In 1940, he combats engaged in Lorraine and on the Somme at the head of the cavalry horse platoon of the 4th Hussar, and was wounded on June 5, at Picardie and was evacuated towards Paris. At the end of June 1940, he pursued the campaign at the head of a cyclist platoon. Assigned to North Africa in October with his unit, he was transferred to the 2nd Dragoon Regiment at the dissolution of the 4th Hussar Regiment on September 1.
Assigned to the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1er REC in Morocco in November 1940. He participated to the campaign of Tunisia from December 1942 to March 1943. He went back to Morocco, where he was promoted to Captain on June 25, 1943.
The 2nd Armored Division and the campaign of France (1944-1945)
Assigned to the general staff headquarters of général Leclerc, at the 2nd Armored Division 2e DB, in January 1944, disembarked at Grandcamp-Maisy on July 28, 1944, he participated to the Battle of Normandy and the Liberation of Paris. In November 1944, he assumed command of a tank squadron of the 12th Cuirassier Regiment. His tanks were the first to enter in Starsbourg and combat engaged in front of Kehl on November 23, 1944. Wounded in Alsace in January 1945, convalescent, he reassumed command of the 3rd tank combat company of the 501e Régiment de chars de combat (501e R.C.C) on April 23, 1945, with whom he finished off the war while delivering, on May 4, 1945, the last combat of the 2nd Armored Division at Inzel in front of Berchtesgaden.
Indochina (1945-1946)
Volunteer for the Fast East (), he disembarked at Saigon on October 19, 1945 with the marching group of the 2nd Armored Division, which on February 15, 1946, he received the command of one of the three tactical autonomous under groups. During the disembarking at Haiphong, he was wounded by the Chinese bullets. At the head of his armored units, he was the first to reach Langson at the Chinese frontier in July 1946.
1946 - 1965
Repatriated in metropolis in October 1946, he was designated to follow a basic airborne course at Fort Benning in the United States (U.S.) in January 1948. Assigned to the general staff headquarters of the inspection of airborne forces then to the permanent committee of the Atlantic Pact at London to start from November 1, 1948 to 1953. He was promoted to the rank of Chef d'escadrons (Squadron chief) in 1951.
He followed several courses at the Superior War School from 1953 to 1955 and in parallel also, a cycle on the country in means of development at the Political Science School at Paris, and received his rank of Lieutenant-colonel accordingly in 1956 while serving in the 1st Parachute Hussar Regiment 1er RHP in Algeria from 1955 to 1960, a regiment which he commanded from 1958 to 1960.
He was promoted to the rank of Colonel in 1959, and became an instructor at the War School from 1960 to 1962, at the Superior Inter-Arm Courses and conducted in the "three stars" (Land, Air, Sea), conferences on the art of the military on one part, on the decolonization and the various accords concluded with newly independent States in the African continent, on another.
He was designated in appointment as the military attaché of France to Washington D.C. from 1962 to 1965. He left the United States (U.S.) for a post in Germany in 1965. During his service years in France, the U.S. and Germany, he organized conferences of divers subjects, in French and in the language of these Nations, in the aim of the deepening the Foreign cultural relations.
The général
He was admitted to the 1st section of officer generals in 1966. Chief of the general staff headquarters of the général commander-in-chief of the French Forces in Germany () from 1966 to 1967, he returned to France to assume the functions of the assistant général of the 8th Division at Compiègne from 1967 to 1968, then command of the Second Armored Brigade () until 1970. Assistant général of the Military governor of Paris in 1970, he received his third star in 1971 then the command of the 11th Parachute Division 11e DP. From 1973 to 1976, he commanded the 3rd Military Region where he served was lifted to the rank designation of a général de corps d'armée in 1974.
He was admitted to the 2nd section of officer generals to count from October 27, 1976.
Civilian career and literature activities
Brevetted at the Superior War School (), with a diploma from the management control institute (), he became assistant in continuous formation and management from 1976 until 1981. He taught personnel of various levels in three main domains: management, accountancy and communication - social relations, personnel management and salaries. He accordingly organized a formation cycle in general culture, destined for the superior cadres and baring on the biggest problems at hand for the époque. He organized high level summits, presented them and animated their debates.
A man of words (), « defense » correspondent at the journal Ouest-France in 1980, member of the Académie des Sciences d'Outre-Mer (), he wrote les Plages du débarquement (the disembarking beaches) in 1978 and June 6, 1944 - Débarquement en Normandie, Victoire stratégique de la guerre (Disembarking in Normandy, strategic war victory).
He was the history counselor of the telefilms D-Day in 1984 and 39-45 in 1985.
He commented on several emission episodes on channel « 5 » on the Gulf War in 1991.
In May 1994, he published a biography Général Leclerc, maréchal de France (General Leclerc, Marshal of France).
During the years 1994-1995, during the 50th anniversary of the liberation of France, he wrote several articles, pronounced speeches at conferences and participated to numerous radio diffused and televised emissions relative to the Battle of Normandy and the Liberation of Paris and Strasbourg.
In 2006, he published his testimony book Ce en quoi je crois (That to what I believe in).
In addition to his literature and media activities, since his retirement, he was frequently called upon by the municipalities, the universities, schools and university colleges, to speak to the youth on the events that he witnessed and described in his numerous articles, revues and journals (Revue historique des armées, Ouest-France, Le Soir, Le Spectacle du Monde, etc.). He commented on expositions on the war and the French Resistance based on the demand of History Professors. He accompanied and animated visits on the fields of battle and the beaches of Normandy.
Associations
Member of several associations out of which: the Riders Gentlemen Club, member of the committee director of the Association of Combatant Writers () and of his Jury which attributes literature prizes, he composed a number of « Notes de lecture » and participated to the selection of prizes, novels, essays and history.
He is the founder and President of the National Union of the Armored Arm - cavalry - tanks - from 1979 to 1986, then, Honorary President. He was called upon to preside over the French Foreign Legion Veteran Societies Federation (Légion étrangère) (FSALE) from 1980 to 1992, for which he became both the Honorary President and President of the Honorary Hereditary Association; he is a member of the charter committee of the French Association for the Atlantic Community, the association of defense journalists and the association of Catholic writers, he is also a member of the Académie des sciences d'outre-mer ().
Recognitions and Honors
Titled of 11 citations for war accomplishments out of which 6 are the orders of the army.
Grand-croix Order of the Légion d'honneur
Grand-croix of the National Order of Merit
Croix de guerre 1939-1945
Croix de guerre des Théâtres d'opérations extérieures
Croix de la Valeur militaire
Knight of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
Officer of the Order of Agricultural Merit
Aeronautical Medal
Legion of Merit (U.S. American decoration)
See also
503e Régiment de chars de combat
501e-503e Régiment de chars de combat
References
External links
Site officiel de la FSALE Official Website of the French Foreign Legion Veteran Societies Federation (Légion étrangère)
1916 births
2010 deaths
French generals
Officers of the French Foreign Legion
École Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr alumni
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
Officers of the Order of Agricultural Merit
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1939–1945 (France)
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
People from Saint-Germain-en-Laye
French military personnel of World War II
Assassin is a British thriller film directed by J. K. Amalou and starring Danny Dyer. The film was released straight to DVD without a cinematic release.
Plot
Hitman Jamie (Danny Dyer) has been hired to kill a man, a not unfamiliar prospect for him. However things grow complicated when he ends up falling for the daughter of his hit, especially after the deed is done and she begins to question who killed her father and why. This puts her in the path of John and Lee Alberts, the two gangsters that hired Jamie, requiring him to protect his new love while also trying to avoid the two brothers.
Cast
Danny Dyer as Jamie
Holly Weston as Chloe
Martin Kemp as Lee Alberts
Gary Kemp as John Alberts
Robert Cavanah as Tony Boyd
Production
Filming began 9 September 2013 in London.
Reception
Flickering Myth gave the film two stars, stating that it "will probably prove to be quite popular with those into their British crime movies as it looks pretty good with some stunning wide shots of London in various different lights, and for Danny Dyer it's something of a step up from his usual performance and will hopefully be seen as a defining moment for him, but otherwise Assassin is a little bit too underwhelming in the areas where it should have been stronger." Movie Talk panned Assassin, writing "Danny Dyer's hard man whizzes to and from his assignments on a high-powered motorbike, but this crashingly dull low-budget British crime thriller couldn't be more pedestrian." Charlie Lyne of The Guardian wrote, "Dyer doesn't so much go through the motions in the role as plead with the audience to save him the bother and recall the motions from last time." Matt Glasby of Total Film rated it 3/5 and wrote that although it is not enough to rehabilitate Dyer's reputation, "anyone looking for po-faced, paunch-free action could do much worse".
References
External links
2015 thriller films
British thriller films
2010s English-language films
2010s British films
Elsimar Metzker Coutinho (18 May 1930 – 17 August 2020) was a Brazilian scientist of Luso-Austrian descent, professor, gynecologist, television personality, and character named as "Prince of Itapoa", in the books of Jorge Amado which references the Coutinho family's land in Itapoa where Amado himself lived.
Biography
Coutinho was born in Pojuca, the son of a landowner, politician and pharmacognosis professor of the Pharmacology School of Paraná (Escola de Farmácia do Paraná), who was appointed mayor of the municipality of Pojuca in the 1930s (during the military coup that placed Getulio Vargas, a civilian, in the presidency) and Mrs. Alaíde Metzker. Coutinho is also the brother of Senator Alaor Coutinho and the artist Riolan Coutinho. Coutinho triangulated between South America, North America and Europe on a regular basis.
Coutinho is a descendant of a branch of the Portuguese Coutinho family which settled lands in South America when they married into the family of Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, Marquis of Pombal."
Coutinho completed his early education in Pojuca, followed by high school at the Colégio Estadual da Bahia (Central). The family arrived in the city of Salvador when his father decided to develop a vast expanse of land in a neighbourhood of the city known as Itapoã, made famous by the books of Jorge Amado and the music of Dorival Caymmi. To this day the family still own large sections of the beachfront. The former Coutinho lands are the triangle between what is known today as Dorival Caymmi square to the Pedra do Sal, up to and including the Abaetê Lagoon. Later Coutinho studied pharmacy at the Faculdade de Farmácia e Bioquímica, graduating in 1951 followed by a course in medicine, completed in 1956, both at the Federal University of Bahia/UFBA.
Coutinho then attended a graduate course at the Sorbonne in Paris. There he met his wife Micheline Charlotte, a descendant of the aristocratic Barlatier de Mas and Peghoux families. They had three children, E. Coutinho Neto, Tess P. Coutinho Dorea and Charlotte P. Coutinho Lisboa, and six grandchildren. His primary residence was the former Governor's mansion on Salvador's North Shore. He also spent time at the Coutinho country estate, Fazenda Nossa Senhora da Paz and on his yacht, The Breeze.
Coutinho died from complications of COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil.
Career
At the Sorbonne, Coutinho studied with professor Claude Fromageot, which led to his interest in hormonal mechanisms, a topic on which he became a specialist and continued to research.
On his return from France he became an associate professor of physiology at UFBA, but not for long as he was invited to be a fellow of the Rockefeller Foundation in the area of reproductive endocrinology, there he worked at the "Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research", which has become "Rockefeller University". Following giants of human reproductive research such as A. Csapo and G. Corner (discoverers of progesterone) Coutinho began studying steroids with progestagenic effects, and in particular was able to identify the role of ions, calcium and magnesium as peripheral agents in the action of progesterone.
After leaving New York, Coutinho became the director of clinical research of the Climério de Oliveira Maternity Clinic of the Federal University of Bahia. Under his directorship the center became the first Human Reproduction Research Center of the World Health Organization in Latin America.
In the early 1960s Coutinho began studying the use of progestagenic substances in the prevention of premature births. In those studies he observed and described the contraceptive effect of medroxiprogesterone (MPA). These studies led to the discovery of the first injectable contraceptive: Ciclofem.
The discovery pushed Coutinho's research into the limelight, making him one of the world authorities in endocrinology and family planning. During that period Coutinho made family planning his cause célebre, and began creating family planning programs in collaboration with a number of countries and institutions, including that of China organized by the, then, University of Shanghai. Coutinho was the founder of the first large-scale free family planning centers in Brazil. The centers named CEPARH are open to the public and treat thousands of low-income women per year at no charge.
After Ciclofem, Coutinho was the pioneer of the studies that led to the discovery of the use of Depo-Provera, the first injectable contraceptive method with prolonged effects.
Coutinho also proposed the first contraceptive pill containing norgestrel, which is today the most used contraceptive pill method in the world. That discovery was followed by the first reduced dosage pill. Other discoveries by Coutinho include subcutaneous prolonged effect contraceptives (6 months, 1 year, 2 years, 3 years and 6 years), two intrauterine devices known as the Lorena Cross and the Caravaca Cross and Lovelle, the vaginal pill.
Coutinho was also responsible for the discovery of treatments for women with infertility caused by endometriosis, a topic on which he became a world expert, being the host and president of the 4th World Congress on Endometriosis. Coutinho published the first studies on the reduction of Miomas in 1982.
Coutinho was one of the founders of the "International Committee for Contraceptive Research" – ICCR, of the "Population Council", notorious for their work on IUDs medicated with copper and Norplant the subdermal hormonal implant with levonorgestrel.
He was also director of the human reproduction council of the "Steering Committee of the Task Force on Infertility of the Expanded Programme in Human Reproduction" of the World Health Organization.
Coutinho was a member of 32 medical societies. By the year 2000 he had participated as a guest lecturer in 253 congresses. He published 350 scientific studies, mostly in international medical journals such as Nature, Endocrinology, Fertility and Sterility, and The American Journal of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Contraception. He has published ten books. His book Is Menstruation Obsolete?, co-authored with Sheldon Segal in 1996, is in its 8th edition. The English version of this book was published by Oxford University Press and has received praise from medical journals such as The Lancet, Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) and the British Medical Association's reviewer who called it a masterpiece.
Discoveries
The Modern Contraceptive Pill
The Vaginal Pill (Lovelle)
The Cruz de Caravaca & Croix de Lorraine IUD's (Intra-Uterine-Devices)
The Male Contraceptive Pill
Male contraceptive pill
Coutinho was responsible for the discovery of the contraceptive effects of gossypol, a substance extracted from cotton. This discovery led to studies into the first male non-hormonal contraceptive pill.
Menstrual suppression
Coutinho has studied menstrual suppression since the 1960s. Those studies culminated in the publishing of "Is Menstruation Obsolete", co-authored with Sheldon Segal.
The Biology of Jealousy
O Sexo do Ciúme published in 2007, is a compilation of texts and studies which relate biology to human behaviour, along the lines of studies in human behavioural ecology. The author explains the natural factors which influence jealousy and male/female attitudes in regards to sex and relationships.
Awards
2000 Tomé de Sousa Medal
1994 Merit Medal of the State of Bahia
1993 Segal-Mastroianni Prize, World Academy of Art and Science.
1992 Nominated to the Nobel Council by the Legislature of the State of Bahia
1990 1st José Silveira Medal, Rotary Club
1990 Christopher Columbus Award, International Federation of Fertility Societies (IFFS).
1985 World Academy of Population and Health Sciences Award, World Academy of Population and Health Sciences.
1985 Axel Munthe Award. Finalist, Axel Munthe.
1979 Medal of Achievement from the FBEFM
1971 Upjohn Award, IFFS
Controversy and criticism
Coutinho had a controversial career which included a public battle with Cardinal Moreira Neves, in which he and the Cardinal attacked each other through the press. The battle coincided with the Candelaria Massacre for which Coutinho said the church had indirect responsibility as the children were killed on their doorstep and whilst the church refused to acknowledge the need for family planning, after children were born and abandoned their doors were closed to them. He was accused of racism by the Geledes Black Women's Institute for only using images of black women on the publicity for his free clinics. Coutinho responded that the publicity is designed to suit the majority of the population and that what would be racist would be to make commercials with white women when the majority is black or mixed race.
References
External links
CEPARH CEPARH
Elsimar Coutinho - Saúde e sexualidade Personal Site
1930 births
2020 deaths
University of Paris alumni
Brazilian scientists
Portuguese scientists
Birth control activists
Medical technology
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian people of Austrian descent
Brazilian television personalities
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in São Paulo (state)
Brazilian expatriates in France
Margreth Weivers (24 July 1926 – 3 February 2021) was a Swedish actress. She appeared in more than 100 films and television shows since 1943.
Weivers died in February 2021, at the age of 94.
Selected filmography
Private Bom (1948)
A Swedish Love Story (1970)
The Man from Majorca (1984)
Det är långt till New York (1988)
Lotta på Bråkmakargatan (1992)
Spring of Joy (1993)
Lotta flyttar hemifrån (1993)
Glasblåsarns barn (1998)
Jönssonligan spelar högt (2000)
The Dog Hotel (2000)
References
External links
1926 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Swedish actresses
21st-century Swedish actresses
Swedish film actresses
Swedish television actresses
Actresses from Stockholm
The 52 Division is a division of the Sri Lanka Army. Established on 24 August 1995, the division is currently based in Mirusuvil in the Northern Province. The division is a part of Security Forces Headquarters – Jaffna.
References
1995 establishments in Sri Lanka
Military units and formations established in 1995
Organisations based in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Army divisions
The first USS Pirate (SP-229) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.
Pirate was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1916 by the A. Craven Construction Company at Charleston, South Carolina. The U.S. Navy chartered her from her owner, A. Halsey, on 5 September 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel. She was commissioned the same day as USS Pirate (SP-229).
Pirate patrolled along the United States East Coast for the remainder of World War I.
Pirate was returned to her owner on 26 December 1918.
References
Department of the Navy: Navy History and Heritage Command: Online Library of Selected Images: U.S. Navy Ships: USS Pirate (SP-229), 1917-1918. Originally civilian motorboat Pirate (1916)
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Pirate (SP 229)
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Charleston, South Carolina
1916 ships
Giovanni Beraldo or Giovanni Beroaldo (died 1565) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti (1557–1565) and Bishop of Telese o Cerreto Sannita (1548–1557).
Biography
On 14 March 1548, Giovanni Beraldo was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul III as Bishop of Telese o Cerreto Sannita.
On 1 October 1557, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul IV as Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti.
He served as Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti until his death in 1565.
While bishop, he was the principal co-consecrator of:
Antonio Ghislieri, Bishop of Nepi e Sutri (1556); and
Sigismondo Saraceno, Archbishop of Acerenza e Matera (1556).
References
External links and additional sources
(Chronology of Bishops)
(Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul III
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul IV
1565 deaths
Rudolf Schmidt (19 April 1894 – 7 March 1980) was an Austrian sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1894 births
1980 deaths
20th-century Austrian sculptors
Austrian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Vienna
20th-century Austrian male artists
Subramanian Anand (born 14 January 1986) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who played for Badureliya Sports Club in Sri Lanka. Anand made his cricketing debut for Badureliya Sports Club in a List A match against Saracens Sports Club, picking up four wickets on debut. Anand's first-class debut came during October 2009, against Nondescripts Cricket Club, in an innings defeat which saw him score 24 runs in the first innings and a duck in the second.
He started playing for Puducherry cricket team in India from the 2019-20 Domestic cricket season. He made his Twenty20 debut on 9 November 2019, for Meghalaya in the 2019–20 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
References
External links
Subramanian Anand at Cricket Archive
1986 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Badureliya Sports Club cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Freddy Frogface () is a 2011 Danish 3D animated comedy film directed by Peter Dodd, and based on the book Orla Frøsnapper by Ole Lund Kirkegaard.
Plot
Victor is a young boy who wants to join a traveling circus. For such purpose, he regularly trains his dog Sausage to do various tricks. However, he is bothered by a ruffian named Freddy, who regularly bullies other kids and steals their belongings.
Cast
Nikolaj Lie Kaas as Orla Frøsnapper / Tryllekunster / Klovn
Thure Lindhardt as Victor
Nicolaj Kopernikus as Jakob / Lille Louis / Kontrollør / Fakir
Katrine Falkenberg as Clara
Margrethe Koytu as Fru Olsen
Ole Thestrup as Smeden / Slagter Jørgensen
David Bateson as Bardini
Cecilie Stenspil as Fru Svensson / Fru Strong / Fru Sivertsen
Lars Thiesgaard as Mister Strong
Lasse Lunderskov as Kanonkongen / Hr. Svensson / Kanonmand
Lars Ranthe as Linedanser
References
External links
2011 films
2011 animated films
Danish animated films
2010s Danish-language films
The Benton Visual Retention Test (or simply Benton test or BVRT) is an individually administered test for people aged from eight years to adulthood that measures visual perception and visual memory. It can also be used to help identify possible learning disabilities among other conditions that might affect an individual's memory. The individual examined is shown ten designs, one at a time, and asked to reproduce each one as exactly as possible on plain paper from memory. The test is untimed, and the results are professionally scored by form, shape, pattern, and arrangement on the paper.
History
Arthur Benton was a psychologist who worked with neurologist Morris Bender during his military assignment to the San Diego Naval Hospital. His experiences in the treatment of servicemen who had traumatic brain injuries led to his development of the Benton Visual Retention Test. Dr. Benton developed the test to provide a shorter assessment for immediate nonverbal memory to supplement the popular digit span test, and selected a format that was resistant to both emotional and subject-tester influence. The test was published in 1946, and is now currently in its 5th edition.
Testing
Test format
The Benton Visual Retention Test is composed of 3 sets, or forms, of 10 designs (each 8.5 × 5.5 in.) that measure the examinee's visual and memory abilities as well as a set of alternate designs for repeated tests. The examinee is given a booklet containing 10 blank pages on which he or she reproduces the designs. These designs are used to gauge the examinee's visual perception and memory, and can be administered five different ways. These five methods are as follows:
In every method except for Administration C, the original design is hidden before reproduction begins.
Test scoring
The test can be scored two ways. First method: The number of correct score is calculated based on an all-or-nothing approach; points are awarded if the reproduction of the design matches the original. Second method: The number of error score, on the other hand, is calculated based on the number and type of errors made for each design. The major categories for these errors are omissions, distortions, perseverations, rotations, misplacements, and size errors. These scores are then compared to several sets of normative data available in the manual, each representing different demographic characteristics, and conclusions can be drawn by the examiner. The two different methods of scoring allow for both quantitative and qualitative analysis of an individual's test.
Uses
The Benton Test is sensitive to many forms of brain impairments and diseases, but it is difficult to diagnose a particular disease through the test. In fact, according to the test manual, a high number of a single category of error should not be used as a diagnosis, but should lead to further testing. High amounts of perseverations, for example, suggests frontal lobe damage, while the omission of peripheral designs suggests potential brain trauma, especially in the right parietal lobe. Overall performance does not seem to distinguish those with unilateral left or right hemisphere damage. Nevertheless, examiners have shown to be able to discriminate among perceptual, memory, and motor impairments based on analysis of the test results. Dementia, brain lesions, thalamic stroke, and Alzheimer's disease are among the conditions that have been shown to greatly reduce an individual's BVRT score. Both the copy and memory versions of the test are especially sensitive to dementia, and may help identify individuals who are at risk for developing Alzheimer's later. In addition, learning disabilities among children are able to be identified through the Benton Test. In 1983, the Benton Test was included in the Neurobehavioral Core Test Battery (NCTB) to identify the effects of chemical exposure on the nervous system and has since been used to assess chemical exposure in the workplace. From its use in the NCTB, the Benton Test has shown sensitivity to various chemical exposures, including mercury exposure, lead exposure, and pesticide exposure.
–—°
Psychometric properties
According to the Benton Test manual, test-retest reliability of the Benton Test is 0.85, and alternate form reliabilities range from 0.79 to 0.84. Correlation between immediate and delayed memory recall (Administration type A and D, respectively) ranges from 0.40 to 0.83, depending on the combinations of forms used. Included with the manual are standardized results for children, adolescents, and adults, though each administration method have their own standardization data. Total errors on the test have been shown to increase with age, especially after the age of 70.
Criticisms and validity
The Benton Test has been criticized by test's requirement of the examinee's IQ or estimated IQ, which can be difficult to obtain if the examinee is in a poor condition. In addition, data from studies that look at the viability of retesting a patient have shown conflicting results; some studies show no difference in scores after time has passed between two tests, while other studies show a difference. Despite these reports, the Benton Test has several advantages over other tests of visual memory. These include: a more explicit scoring system than other tests, parallel-forms reliability due to the presence of multiple form sets, and short administration time. Because of this, the BVRT is still widely used today for a large number of clinical conditions.
See also
Judgment of Line Orientation
References
Cognitive tests
Memory tests
Neuropsychological tests
Gez Adası (English: Gez Island, also known as Balık Adası) is a Turkish island in the northern Aegean Sea.
The island is a part of the Ayvalık Northern Islands group in Ayvalık district of the Balıkesir Province, administered by Turkey and is located at 39°22'40"N 26°42'23"E. The island is situated between Kutu Island (Also known as Küçük Karaada Island) and Yumurta Island with it being in close promximity to Akoğlu Island and Cunda Island. It is located 2.84 kilometers (1.76 miles) away from the shore and is currently uninhabited.
Toponymy
The historical name for the island is Daskaleió (Greek: Δασκαλειό) with the island having a range of local names in Turkish such as Büyük Karaada (or simply Kara Ada) and Balık Adası. The name Gez comes from the Turkish word "to travel" while another version of the island's name, Balık Adası, is derived from the word "Balık" in Turkish meaning fish. The name for nearby Kutu Island (Küçük Karaada Island) is related to another name of the island, Büyük Karaada. Büyük translates to "big" or "large" while Küçük translates to "small" in Turkish, meaning that the toponymy of these 2 islands were connected due to their proximity and size difference.
Historical artefacts
The island contains many historical Ancient Roman and Greek artifacts such as graves, tombstones, silver and gold coins because of its geopolitical location in the province of Asia as a part of the Roman Empire and as a part of the ancient Greek city states. Due to the island's historical nature, it has been subjected to illegal grave robbing and archeological looting in the past decade. Some of the island's historical artifacts date all the way back to the ancient town of Pordoselene, a tributary to City State of Athens, dating back to the 5th and 4th centuries BCE. Nearby islands such as Büyük Maden Island contain similar archeological artifacts from the Pordoselene, indicating a group of ancient Greeks once inhibited the islands.
References
Islands of Turkey
Aegean islands
Chalabi () is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Nuri Ja'far (1914 – 1991) Iraqi psychologist and philosopher of education
Ahmed Chalabi (1944–2015), Iraqi politician
Burhan Al-Chalabi (born 1947), British-Iraqi writer and political commentator
Edgard Chalabi (1928–1963), Lebanese chess master
Fadhil Chalabi (1929–2019), Iraqi oil economist
Hassan Chalabi (1928- 2019) Iraqi-Lebanese Professor of Law
Mona Chalabi (born 1987), British writer
Salem Chalabi (born 1963), Iraqi lawyer
Selma Chalabi (fl. 2000s), British radio producer and journalist
See also
Çelebi (disambiguation)
CLIPS is a public domain software tool for building expert systems. The name is an acronym for "C Language Integrated Production System." The syntax and name were inspired by Charles Forgy's OPS5. The first versions of CLIPS were developed starting in 1985 at NASA-Johnson Space Center (as an alternative for existing system ART*Inference) until the mid-1990s when the development group's responsibilities ceased to focus on expert system technology. The original name of the project was "NASA's AI Language" (NAIL).
CLIPS was probably the most widely used expert system tool as of 2005. CLIPS itself is written in C, extensions can be written in C, and CLIPS can be called from C. Its syntax resembles that of the programming language Lisp.
CLIPS incorporates a complete object-oriented language for writing expert systems. COOL combines the programming paradigms of procedural, object oriented and logical (theorem proving) languages.
Facts and rules
CLIPS uses forward chaining. Like other expert system languages, CLIPS deals with rules and facts. Various facts can make a rule applicable. An applicable rule is then fired. Facts and rules are created by first defining them, as shown below:
(deftemplate car_problem
(slot name)
(slot status))
(deffacts trouble_shooting
(car_problem (name ignition_key) (status on))
(car_problem (name engine) (status wont_start))
(car_problem (name headlights) (status work)))
(defrule rule1
(car_problem (name ignition_key) (status on))
(car_problem (name engine) (status wont_start))
=>
(assert (car_problem (name starter) (status faulty))))
Having set this up, the (reset) command causes CLIPS to read the facts and rules. In this case, that would lead to the three "trouble_shooting" facts being asserted. Then the (run) command is used. Given that the two facts listed in rule1 have both been asserted, the conditions for doing its action have been met so the additional fact is asserted as a result of the run.
CLIPS> (reset)
CLIPS> (agenda)
0 rule1: f-1,f-2
For a total of 1 activation.
CLIPS> (facts)
f-0 (initial-fact)
f-1 (car_problem (name ignition_key) (status on))
f-2 (car_problem (name engine) (status wont_start))
f-3 (car_problem (name headlights) (status work))
For a total of 4 facts.
CLIPS> (run)
CLIPS> (facts)
f-0 (initial-fact)
f-1 (car_problem (name ignition_key) (status on))
f-2 (car_problem (name engine) (status wont_start))
f-3 (car_problem (name headlights) (status work))
f-4 (car_problem (name starter) (status faulty))
For a total of 5 facts.
CLIPS>
(assert <fact>+)
(Assert (object (name "chair")
(Material wood)
(height 3feet)
(Color brown))
CLIPS(retract <fact-index+)
(retract 0)
for a color
In CLIPS, salience allows a user to assign priority (or weight) to a rule.
Descendants
Descendants of the CLIPS language include Jess (rule-based portion of CLIPS rewritten in Java, it later grew up in different direction), and FuzzyCLIPS (which adds concept of relevancy into the language).
See also
Constraint Handling Rules
Drools
OpenL Tablets
References
External links
NASA CLIPS: downloads, information, news, and history
CLIPS expert system tool: a candidate for the Diagnostic System engine
CLIPS tutorial on Code Project
Code editor for CLIPS
Expert systems
Public-domain software with source code
Domain-specific programming languages
Knowledge representation languages
Robert Thistlethwayte (baptized 16 December 1690 – c. January, 1744) was the third son of Francis Thistlethwayte (b. 1658) of Winterslow, Wiltshire. He was a Warden of Wadham College, Oxford and clergyman in the Church of England.
In 1737 Thistlethwaite fled to Boulogne after being accused of making homosexual advances towards a student, William French, whose tutor John Swinton was also accused of homosexual practises. Satirical poetry was written about these events. The following limerick possibly also refers to Thistlethwayte.
There once was a Warden of Wadham
Who approved of the folkways of Sodom,
For a man might, he said,
Have a very poor head
But be a fine Fellow, at bottom.
Allegations of homosexual behaviour, which was considered scandalous at that time, and the College's decision to take out fire insurance combined to prompt the following verse:
Well did the am'rous sone of Wadham
Insure their house 'gainst future flame;
They knew their crime, the crime of Sodom,
And judg'd their punishment the same.
References
1690 births
1744 deaths
LGBT people from England
Wardens of Wadham College, Oxford
S. was the Archdeacon of Lewes from 1207 until 1226.
References
Archdeacons of Lewes
13th-century English clergy
Sicom test srl is an Italian test and certification laboratory for telecommunication products.
Sicom was founded in 2003 and is based at the 'AREA Science Park in Trieste.
Profile
Sicom is a test laboratory for telecommunication, unique in
Italy, both for the specific skill of its
staff and for the instrumentation at its disposal.
The laboratory plays an intense research and development to keep
updated with the constantly evolving technology, and offers to the
telecommunications companies, test and certification services.
(Source: AREA Science Park)
See also
List of Italian Companies
External links
official website
AREA Science Park site
Electronics companies of Italy
The protected grasslands of North America consist of prairies, with a dominant vegetation type of herbaceous plants like grasses, sedges, and other prairie plants, rather than woody vegetation like trees. This ecosystem was generally dominant within the Interior Plains of central North America but was also present elsewhere. The protected areas include public nature reserves managed by American, Canadian and Mexican wildlife management agencies, Native American tribes and Canadian First Nations, state wildlife management agencies, non-governmental organizations, and private nature reserves.
Generally speaking, these regions are devoid of trees, except for riparian or gallery forests associated with streams and rivers. The tallgrass prairie, with moderate rainfall and rich soils, were ideally suited to agriculture so it became a productive grain-growing region. The tallgrass prairie ecosystem covered some of North America. Besides agriculture, much of the shortgrass prairie became grazing land for domestic livestock. Short grasslands occur in semi-arid climates while tall grasslands are in areas of higher rainfall. Although much of the grasslands are in the Great Plains ecoregion, protected grasslands can be found in other areas of Canada, Mexico and the United States. Desert (arid) grasslands are composed of sparse grassland ecoregions located in the deserts and xeric shrublands biome. Temperature extremes and low amount of rainfall characterise these kinds of grasslands. Therefore, plants and animals are well adapted to minimize water loss. Shrub-steppe is also a type of low-rainfall natural grassland. While arid, shrub-steppes have sufficient moisture to support a cover of perennial grasses or shrubs, a feature which distinguishes them from deserts. The shrub-steppes of North America occur in the western United States and western Canada, in the rain shadow between the Cascades and Sierra Nevada on the west and the Rocky Mountains on the east.
The expanses of grass once sustained migrations of an estimated 30 to 60 million American bison which maintained grazing pressure as a keystone species. Once bison could be found across much of North America. While they ranged from the eastern seaboard states to southeast Washington, eastern Oregon, and northeastern California, the greatest numbers were found within the great bison belt on the shortgrass plains east of the Rocky Mountains that stretched from Alberta to Texas. Grazing is important to soil, vegetation and overall ecological balance. The ecosystem was maintained by a pattern of disturbance caused by natural wildfire and grazing by bison, a pattern which is called pyric herbivory. The indigenous peoples of the Plains occupied the land, hunting bison and pronghorn. The expansion of the United States onto the frontier decimated the population of the indigenous people and the bison.
The plowing of the tallgrass prairie to plant crops destroyed the natural habitat. Less than 4 percent of the prairie is left according to most estimates. Studies estimated in 2018 that grasslands in the U.S were being lost at a rate of more than . Bison occupy less than 1% of their historical range with fewer than 20,000 bison in conservation herds on public, tribal or private protected lands. Roughly 500,000 animals are raised for commercial purposes.
Protected areas
See also
Bison herds topics
History of bison conservation in Canada
U.S. National Grasslands
Pre-Columbian savannas of North America
United States Grasslands Reserve Program
References
+
Mexico geography-related lists
Grasslands
Another Man's Treasure is the third album by Ima Robot. It was released by Werewolf Heart Records on September 18, 2010. It was made available on iTunes, and listeners could purchase the album through the band's site, which offered several different editions and other items, including tote bags, bonus tracks and T-shirts. All orders, other than the digital download came with a downloadable copy of the band's 2006 EP Search and Destroy and four b-side tracks.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Gregory Heaney awarded the album 3.5 stars stating "The interplay between the album's intro and "Ruthless" really reinforces this idea as the intro's wall of sound falls away, allowing the bright bassline to emerge like the first light of dawn, as if to say that this is a new beginning for Ebert and company. From that moment on, the album is in an entirely different headspace from anything the band has done previously, and while Ima Robot still have a tendency to borrow from other bands, they do so in a more interesting way than they have before. The druggy "Life Is Short" feels like some kind of lost collaboration between Ween and Animal Collective, combining goofy, faux reggae with synth atmospherics in a way that makes the artsy stuff feel less serious and the reggae grooves less tongue in cheek. It feels like the freedom and uncertainty of being independent again has been a real boon to Ima Robot. Another Man's Treasure feels like it was written by a band whose members no longer had anyone looking over their shoulders, allowing them to focus less on being the next big thing and more on starting over and doing something outside of their comfort zone, resulting in an album that will not only surprise old fans, but also anyone who passed on these guys the first time around. ".
Unlike their previous work, this had a more laid-back tempo, and focused on longer, more varied song structures throughout. It was given a 7.9/10.0 rating on indie reviews and a 3.0/5.0 rating on Some Kind of Awesome.
Track listing
All tracks by Tim Anderson, Alex Ebert & Filip Nikolić
"One Man's Trash" - 0:50
"Ruthless" - 6:41
"Sail With Me" - 5:53
"Rough Night" - 6:41
"Life Is Short" - 6:09
"Pass It On" - 5:40
"Shine Shine" - 5:20
"Swell" - 8:58
B-side bonus tracks for orders from imarobot.com
"Greenback Boogie" - 4:58
"Victory" - 5:29
"Peru" - 4:54
"Life is Short" (Extended Ice Cream Truck Edit) - 8:11
"Greenback Boogie" is the theme song for the USA Network series "Suits".
Personnel
Alex Ebert "Edward Sharpe" - lead vocals
Timmy "The Terror" Anderson - guitar
Filip Nikolic "Turbotito" - bass guitar
Jason "Computer Jay" Taylor - keyboards
Jonas Petri Megyessi - guitar, percussion
Orpheo McCord - drums
Guest musicians
Scott Devours - drums
Lukas Haas - wurlitzer
Audrae Mae - backing vocals
Lars Vognstrup - synthesizer, backing vocals
William "Smitty" Smith - mallets
Technical personnel
Sergio Chaves - engineer
Stewart Cole - trumpet
Pete Lyman - mastering
Marcus Samperio - engineer
Hama Sanders - photography
Shiviah Silvah - assistant engineer
References
2010 albums
Ima Robot albums
Chillingham is a small village approximately 14 km northwest of Murwillumbah in the Tweed Valley, New South Wales, Australia. The Rous River, a tributary of the Tweed River, flows through the town.
Chillingham Post Office opened on 28 May 1923. A Telegraph Office had been open since 1913, known for some months as Bean Tree.
References
External links
Tweed Tourism Inc - visitor information for the Tweed region (including Chillingham)
Suburbs of Tweed Heads, New South Wales
Rozella B. Smith (1911–1987) was an American herpetologist and data archivist and analyst.
Biography
Rozella Pearl Beverly Blood was an only child, born 18 May 1911 in Wichita, Kansas, to Charles Gillman Blood and Sarah Dorothy "Dollie" Sherman. She died in Boulder, Colorado on 15 December 1987.
Rozella Blood enrolled in Wichita High School in 1929 and then became a student at the institution then-called the University of Wichita, earning a B.A. in 1932 and an M.S. in entomology in 1933. She went on to attend the University of Kansas Medical School as a graduate student and assistant instructor in anatomy, neurology and histology, also working as a staff artist, from 1933 to 1937. After earning a teaching certificate in Kansas, she taught science and mathematics for a year at Altoona High School starting in the fall of 1937.
Researcher and teacher
In 1938, she married fellow graduate student and herpetologist Hobart M. Smith in Chicago, Illinois, and changed her name to Rozella B. Smith. They would go on to have two children, Bruce and Sally. Following the wedding, the pair left on a two-year research trip to Mexico, where they gathered more than 20,000 amphibians and reptiles, which were all preserved, tagged and transported to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. After the trip's conclusion, the Smiths moved to Washington for a year to oversee the integration of their specimens into the Smithsonian's collections.
At the University of Illinois, she attended classes as "an unattached graduate student" from 1953 to 1961. Later, in 1963, she earned a second a Master of Science degree, this time in library science. Then, she earned a second teaching certificate so she could lead classes in ancient history for a year at the University High School beginning in 1965.
After moving to Boulder, Colorado, in 1968, where she worked at the University of Colorado, she gave "guidance to undergraduates, graduates, and faculty members in her own and other departments, and to affiliates of the Center for Computer Research in the Humanities, in techniques of her special forte of fixed-field data processing and retrieval, and of correlation indexing." In August 1982, she was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science degree from the University of Colorado in recognition of her work with undergraduate and graduate students.
Data analysis
Smith was working as head cataloger in the library of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado, in 1966, when she began customizing new cataloging software on computers that had just been made available.
She took on the job of digitizing the large quantity of data and graphics accumulated over nearly 30 years of collecting by herself and her co-author and husband. Throughout this time, supported from 1971 to 1985 with grants from the National Library of Medicine and several National Science Foundation divisions, she created the computational structures, input mechanisms, data analysis techniques and output documents. In so doing she provided essential information to her collaborator, H.M. Smith, who used her analytical results to evaluate his extensive research collection and publish more than 1,600 manuscripts, with many listing Rozella as coauthor.
Taxa
In her honor, several species-group taxa bear the name rozellae including a subspecies of snake, Tantillita lintoni rozellae, 1940, and a species of lizard, Celestus rozellae, 1942.
Selected works
Rozella Smith was author or co-author of seven books and close to 70 articles, as well as many other projects that remained unfinished and unpublished, such as several data analysis works about Mexican herpetology.
Smith, Hobart Muir, and Rozella B. Smith. Early foundations of Mexican herpetology: An annotated and indexed bibliography of the herpetological publications of Alfredo Dugès, 1826-1910. University of Illinois Press, 1969.
Bock, C. E., and Rozella B. Smith. "An analysis of Colorado Christmas counts." Am. Birds 25.6 (1971): 945-947.
Smith, Hobart M., and Rozella B. Smith. "Synopsis of the Herpetofauna of Mexico, vol. 1, Analysis of the Literature on the Mexican Axolotl." Augusta: Lundberg Press (1971).
Smith, Hobart M., and Rozella B. Smith. "Chresonymy ex synonymy." Systematic Biology 21.4 (1972): 445-445.
Smith, Hobart M., Rozella B. Smith, and H. Lewis Sawin. "The generic name of the neotropical semiterrestrial emydine turtles." Transactions of the Kansas Academy of Science (1903) (1974): 211-218.
Smith, Hobart M., Rozella B. Smith, and H. Lewis Sawin. "A summary of snake classification (Reptilia, Serpentes)." Journal of Herpetology (1977): 115-121.
Pérez-Higareda, Gonzalo, Hobart M. Smith, and Rozella B. Smith. "A new species of Tantilla from Veracruz, Mexico." Journal of herpetology 19.2 (1985): 290-292.
Southwick, Charles H., and Rozella B. Smith. "The growth of primate field studies." Comparative primate biology 2.pt A (1986): 73-91.
References
1911 births
1987 deaths
Women herpetologists
20th-century American zoologists
20th-century American women scientists
American herpetologists
University of Illinois alumni
Wichita State University alumni
American women biologists
In quantum computing, and more specifically in superconducting quantum computing, a transmon is a type of superconducting charge qubit that was designed to have reduced sensitivity to charge noise. The transmon was developed by Robert J. Schoelkopf, Michel Devoret, Steven M. Girvin, and their colleagues at Yale University in 2007. Its name is an abbreviation of the term transmission line shunted plasma oscillation qubit; one which consists of a Cooper-pair box "where the two superconductors are also capacitatively shunted in order to decrease the sensitivity to charge noise, while maintaining a sufficient anharmonicity for selective qubit control".
The transmon achieves its reduced sensitivity to charge noise by significantly increasing the ratio of the Josephson energy to the charging energy. This is accomplished through the use of a large shunting capacitor. The result is energy level spacings that are approximately independent of offset charge. Planar on-chip transmon qubits have T1 coherence times ~ 30 μs to 40 μs. By replacing the superconducting transmission line cavity with a three-dimensional superconducting cavity, recent work on transmon qubits has shown significantly improved T1 times, as long as 95 μs. These results demonstrate that previous T1 times were not limited by Josephson junction losses. Understanding the fundamental limits on the coherence time in superconducting qubits such as the transmon is an active area of research.
Comparison to Cooper-pair box
The transmon design is similar to the first design of the charge qubit known as a "Cooper-pair box", both are described by the same Hamiltonian, with the only difference being the increase in the ratio, achieved by shunting the Josephson junction with an additional large capacitor. Here is the Josephson energy of the junction, and is the charging energy inversely proportional to the total capacitance of the qubit circuit. The benefit of increasing the ratio is insensitivity to charge noise - the energy levels become independent of electrical charge across the junction, thus the coherence times of the qubit are prolonged. The disadvantage is decrease in the anharmonicity , where is the energy of the state . Reduced anharmonicity complicates the device operation as a two level system, e.g. exciting the device from the ground state to the first excited state by a resonant pulse also populates the second excited state. This complication is overcome by complex microwave pulse design, that takes into account the higher energy levels, and prohibits their excitation by destructive interference.
Measurement, control and coupling of the transmons is performed by means of microwave resonators with techniques of circuit quantum electrodynamics, also applicable to other superconducting qubits. The coupling to the resonators is done by putting a capacitor between the qubit and the resonator, at a point where the resonator electromagnetic field is biggest. For example, in IBM Quantum Experience devices, the resonators are implemented with "quarter wave" coplanar waveguide with maximal field at the signal-ground short at the waveguide end, thus every IBM transmon qubit has a long resonator "tail". The initial proposal included similar transmission line resonators coupled to every transmon, becoming a part of the name. However, charge qubits operated at a similar regime, coupled to different kinds of microwave cavities are referred to as transmons as well.
See also
Charge qubit
Anharmonicity
Circuit quantum electrodynamics (CQED)
Dilution refrigerator
List of quantum processors
Quantum harmonic oscillator
Superconducting quantum computing
References
Quantum information science
Quantum electronics
Superconductivity
James Armstrong Troutman (December 1, 1853 in Fulton County, Indiana – December 25, 1926 in Topeka, Kansas) was an American politician, teacher and attorney. Between 1895 and 1897 he served as Lieutenant Governor of Kansas.
Life
James Troutman was born in Fulton County, Indiana. For three years he taught school in Indiana and Kansas. Afterwards he studied law and after his admission to the bar he began to practice as an attorney. In addition he was engaged in the newspaper business. As a supporter of the Temperance Movement he became the editor of the Kansas Temperance Palladium for one year. He joined the Republican Party and in 1893 he was elected to the Kansas Legislature. In 1894 Troutman was elected to the office of the Lieutenant Governor of Kansas. He served in this position between January 14, 1895 and January 11, 1897. In this function he was the deputy of Governor Edmund Needham Morrill. Later he was a four term mayor of the no longer existing village Potwin Place in Shawnee County, Kansas. He died on 25 December 1926 in Topeka, Kansas.
External links
The Political Graveyard
The Lieutenant-Governors of Kansas
1853 births
1926 deaths
Lieutenant Governors of Kansas
Kansas Republicans
People from Fulton County, Indiana
Air Mail from Cyprus is a 1958 British TV play. It was written by Willis Hall and is set against the backdrop of the Cyprus Emergency, focusing on the family of a soldier killed in the conflict.
References
External links
Films set in Cyprus
British television plays
1958 television plays
The women's high jump event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9.
Results
References
Results
High
High jump at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
2001 in women's athletics
Sompong Phungphook (born 29 October 1970) is a Thailand national beach soccer team player.
He competed for Thailand at the 2000 and 2004 FIFA Futsal World Cup finals.
References
Sompong Phungphook
Sompong Phungphook
Living people
1970 births
At the 1900 Summer Olympics, a Basque pelota tournament was contested.
Only two teams entered, from Spain and France, but the French team, which included Maurice Durquetty and Etchegaray, withdrew before the competition: therefore, the tournament was scratched and the Spanish team were awarded first prize.
This is the only Olympics to date where pelota was an official sport, being revived at the 1924, 1968 and 1992 Games as a demonstration sport.
Medalists
References
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Pelota 1900". Accessed 25 February 2006. Available electronically at .
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
Olympics
1900 in basque pelota
Men's events at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Atwell Sidwell Mopeli-Paulus (born 1913) was a Lesotho author. He lived most of his life in South Africa, and wrote both in Sesotho and in English.
He is most known for his novels Ho tsamaea ke ho bona (To Travel Is to Learn, 1945), which among other things deals with his time as a soldier in World War II, Blanket Boy's Moon (1953) and Turn to the Dark (1956).
His death is often referred to as having occurred in 1960, probably because publishers have sought to obtain the copyright to his works. He was still alive and living in QwaQwa in the mid-1990s.
The first complete edition of his memoir, from childhood to the Witzieshoek revolt, The World and the Cattle, was published in 2008.
References
Lesotho novelists
Lesotho male writers
South African male novelists
South African Sotho people
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
1913 births
1960 deaths
20th-century South African novelists
20th-century South African male writers
Sotho-language writers
Lesotho expatriates in South Africa
The London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) was formed out of a number of constituent railway companies at the grouping in 1923.
Main companies
The main companies, showing their route mileage, were:
Great Eastern Railway (GER) miles (1,906 km)
Great Central Railway (GCR) miles (1,364 km)
Great Northern Railway (GNR) miles (1,680 km)
Great North of Scotland Railway (GNSR) miles (535 km)
Hull and Barnsley Railway miles (170 km) (H&BR) (which had amalgamated with the NER on 1 April 1922)
North British Railway (NBR)
North Eastern Railway miles (2,812 km) (NER)
Subsidiary companies
Independently operated lines
Colne Valley and Halstead Railway
East and West Yorkshire Union Railway miles (15 km)
Mid-Suffolk Light Railway miles (31 km)
Leased or worked railways
Many of these "railways" existed only in name; there were included on the list at the time of the Railways Act in order to legally qualify each line's position
Originally leased to or worked by the NER
Brackenhill Light Railway (West Yorkshire)
Fawcett Depot line (County Durham) miles (9 km)
Great North of England, Clarence and Hartlepool Junction line miles (10 km)
Originally leased to or worked by the GCR
Humber Commercial Railway and Dock
Mansfield Railway
North Lindsey Light Railway
Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway
Sheffield District Railway miles (7 km)
Originally leased to or worked by the GER
London and Blackwall Railway
Originally leased to or worked by the GNR
East Lincolnshire Railway miles (76 km)
Horncastle Railway miles (12 km)
Nottingham and Grantham Railway and Canal
Nottingham Suburban line
Stamford and Essendine Railway miles (20 km)
Originally leased to or worked by the NBR
Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway miles (16 km)
Forth and Clyde Junction Railway miles (49 km)
Gifford & Garvald Railway miles (15 km)
Glasgow and Milngavie Junction Railway miles (5 km)
Kilsyth and Bonnybridge railway miles (14 km) (worked jointly with CalR)
Lauder Light Railway miles (16 km)
Newburgh and North Fife Railway miles (21 km)
Originally leased to or worked by H&BR
South Yorkshire Junction Railway miles (18 km)
Originally leased to or worked by several constituent companies
Nottingham Joint Station Committee
West Riding and Grimsby Railway miles (52 km)
Independently operated joint companies
East London Railway: jointly leased by the LNER, Southern Railway, Metropolitan Railway (MetR) and District Railway. Traffic operated by MetR (passenger); LNER (goods)
Cheshire Lines Committee (CLC): Operated jointly by LNER/London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS). LNER supplies locomotive power; CLC own rolling stock
Manchester, South Junction and Altrincham Railway: trains worked by both LNER/LMSR
Joint railways
Now totally LNER
Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Railway
Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint Railway
Joint with LMS
Axholme Joint Railway
Cheshire Lines Committee ( share)
Caledonian and Dunbartonshire Junction Railway (including Loch Lomond steamers)
Dundee and Arbroath Railway (including Carmyllie Light Railway)
Great Central and Midland Joint Railway
Great Central & North Staffordshire Joint Railway
Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway
Halifax and Ovenden Junction Railway
Methley Railway ( share)
Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway
Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railway ( share)
Oldham, Ashton and Guide Bridge Railway
Otley & Ilkley Railway
Perth General Station ( share)
Prince's Dock, Glasgow ( share)
South Yorkshire Joint Railway ( share)
Swinton and Knottingley Joint Railway
Tottenham & Hampstead Junction Railway
Joint with GWR
Great Western and Great Central Joint Railway
Big four British railway companies
Pre-grouping British railway companies
Constituents of the London and North Eastern Railway
Janne Leskinen (born 24 July 1971 in Kuopio) is a retired Finnish alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1971 births
Living people
Finnish male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Finland
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
People from Kuopio
Sportspeople from North Savo
Ireland competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia from 7 to 23 February 2014. Five competitors in four sports made up the Ireland team. All five members of the team are members of the Irish diaspora, who were born or live and train elsewhere.
Alpine skiing
According to the final quota allocation released on January 20, 2014, Ireland had two athletes in qualification position.
Cross-country skiing
According to the quota allocation released on January 20, 2014, Ireland had one athlete in qualification position.
Skeleton
Ireland has qualified one athlete for the men's single event. Sean Greenwood originally competed for Canada but switched to compete for Ireland to pay homage to his heritage.
Snowboarding
According to the quota allocation released on January 20, 2014, Ireland had one athlete qualified in two events.
Qualification Legend: QF – Qualify directly to final; QS – Qualify to semifinal
See also
Ireland at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
References
External links
Nations at the 2014 Winter Olympics
2014 Winter Olympics
Olympics
The Columbus Historical Society (CHS) is the historical society for Columbus, Ohio, chronicling the city's history. The society office and museum building is located in the Franklinton neighborhood. In 2020, the Columbus Historical Society aims to raise funds to purchase Engine House No. 6 for its first permanent home.
Attributes
The historical society building has gallery spaces, and holds numerous local history and art exhibits each year. One of these, in 2016, displayed the history of Poindexter Village, the city's first public housing project.
Properties:
Gen. William Henry Harrison Headquarters
Sullivant Land Office
History
The Columbus Historical Society was founded in 1990.
The historical society was once located on Jefferson Avenue in Downtown Columbus. It moved to a 2,400-square-foot space in the museum COSI in Franklinton in 2012. In 2017, it moved to its own building at 717 West Town St., also in Franklinton. The society considers the neighborhood an appropriate place, given that it was the first non-native settlement in Central Ohio, and is located around numerous historic and cultural sites. In December 2020, it was reported that the society had been working to open its first permanent headquarters in a nearby former fire station, Engine House No. 6. Originally planned to be occupied by CHS and Heritage Ohio, the historical society began an attempt to purchase the building on its own in July 2020.
The society is one of several working to restore the Old Port Columbus Terminal building, the original terminal and airport control tower for what is now known as John Glenn Columbus International Airport.
See also
Ohio History Connection
Columbus Landmarks
List of museums in Columbus, Ohio
References
External links
Museums in Columbus, Ohio
History museums in Ohio
Franklinton (Columbus, Ohio)
Historical society museums in Ohio
Libraries in Ohio
Historical societies in Ohio
Foldforming is a technique of metalworking whereby metal is folded, repeatedly forged and annealed, and unfolded; at which stage it generally has a dramatic new three-dimensional form. While alternate spellings abound (e.g., fold-forming, fold forming, Foldforming, and even form-folding, the definitive book "Foldforming" by Charles Lewton-Brain consistently uses the spelling of foldforming as one lowercase word.
Origins
The original technique of foldforming was originated and developed in the late 1980s by Charles Lewton-Brain, an English-born goldsmith who lived and studied in Tanzania, the United States, and Germany before moving to Canada. Outside of the Industrial Revolution, the method represents the first major innovation in metalworking in thousands of years. In the 1980s, the technique of foldforming metal was developed by Charles Lewton-Brain, who from a young age was interested in art and was inspired to pursue his interest in jewelry by his girlfriend's mother. In 1974 he went to the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, where he studied jewelry-making and metalsmithing. After his college career, Christian Gaudernack, one of the NASCAD professors and a Norwegian goldsmith, inspired Lewton-Brain to continue his education, and he went on to attend the Fachhochschule fur Gestalstung, an art and design university in Pforzheim Germany. Lewton-Brain worked as a part-time goldsmith. During his time in the metals program, he was instructed by Klaus Ullrich, a postwar metalsmith. Ullrich was the person that helped Lewton-Brain to develop the foldforming technique. Ullrich emphasized to his students the importance of comprehending the properties of metal in order to understand how metal forms. Charles Lewton-Brain was able to develop his foldforming technique by seeing the characteristics of the metal as it is folded, unfolded, forged, rolled, annealed, and worked on. He brought about a new style of metalworking that had some connection to nature. His technique focused on the metal's natural reaction to being hammered and heated, based on his understanding of the metals elastic and ductile characteristics that were part of his instruction by Klaus Ullrich. Lewton-Brain continued to teach the foldforming technique to people at workshops and at Alberta College of Art and Design as the Head of Metals and Jewelry, having been part of this institute since 1986. By 1991, Lewton-Brain was winning awards for the technique and in 1997 workshops demonstrating the technique were at the core of the "Touch the Future" portion of the JCK International Jewelry Show in Orlando, Florida.
Applications
When foldforming was first developed by Charles Lewton-Brain, it was mostly used in creative artwork or jewelry. Metalsmiths or artists turn a 2-dimensional into a 3-dimensional figure. The outcome of these 3-dimension is determined on how many times the sheet metal is folded, unfolded, annealed, and forged (hammered on an anvil). Artists like Charles Lewton-Brain have added these natural figures as a part of their art and jewelry. Jewelry, such as earrings or necklaces, can be made with foldforming. For some artists or students trying to become artists, like Ball State University graduate student Rachael Jobst, using this technique can be helpful when making leaves or flowers for an art piece.
There are other applications to foldforming. Manufacturers have been able to apply this process to help them produce cheaper automobiles. When processing some parts of the vehicle, like the frame and body, the metal that is used go through a process of press-based stamping, a comparatively more complicated method of producing the car's body. With foldforming, manufacturers are able to cut costs and time for manufacturing because of the reduced need for tools and additional operations required with press-based stamping. Also, with foldforming, the metal sheets used take advantage of the flexibility of the material, reducing the chance of cracks and wear.
Resemblance
Many of the shapes and forms that come out of foldforming resemble many things seen in nature, and utilizes laws of nature in the creation process. The most common shapes created using foldforming are flowers, leaves or horns of a ram, as these require the repeated process of folding, annealing, unfolding, and hammering of sheet metal that foldforming also involves. The process of a flower unfolding or how a leaf forms is similar between natural occurrences and foldforming. With this, artists are able to obtain a better understanding of how to incorporate nature's natural beauty into their artwork. With metalsmiths, this technique requires them to push their material to the limit so they'll be able to have a better understanding of what they will be able to make based on the material's ductility and elasticity.
Another resemblance that foldforming has is the paper fold technique known as "origami". The process of folding and unfolding a flat material is seen in both metal foldforming and papering folding origami. Many of the principles and issues that come with the folding and unfolding process can be seen in origami and foldforming. With this similarity some artists create a paper origami model of their project before working with sheet metal. The difficulty with this is that paper and sheet metal are materials with very different properties, so artist are still limited to the materials' limits of malleability. Paper material is able to bend more freely but incapable of sustaining a folded form as easily as sheet metal, and sheet metal is a thicker and tougher material to work with.
Folding technique
Hundreds of folds have now been categorized. Charles Lewton-Brain was able to come up with four basic steps to foldforming.
Step one: fold the sheet metal over itself. This creates the bent shape in the sheet metal.
Step two: forge (hammer) or roll the metal. By doing this, metalsmiths are either creating the main form of the figure or making the area where the metal is folded more distinctive.
Step three: anneal the metal. This is just heating the sheet metal enough for it to be easier to work with.
Step four: unfold the sheet metal revealing its form.
All four steps act upon the characteristics of metals.
Tools
Techniques now include the use of traditional forging tools like various types of hammers, mallets, and anvils. Other tools consist of rolling mills, vice grips, pliers, embedding wire, other objects into the folds. and a heat source. The heat source can be some kind of forge, a blowtorch, or anything hot enough to anneal the metal.
References
External links
Fold Forming Articles and Tutorials at The Ganoksin Project
http://brainpress.com/Foldforming.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Es4uyKyfTXw&list=PLC7ctvaW_13LTWVisBaE5zKdeFb1FqF3x Foldforming video information
Artworks in metal
Bharani is an Indian actor who has appeared in Tamil language films. After making his debut in Balaji Sakthivel's college drama Kalloori (2007), he made a breakthrough with his role as an eccentric Madurai-based youngster in Samuthirakani's buddy film Naadodigal (2009). He has since appeared in leading and supporting roles in films including Thoonga Nagaram (2011) and Netru Indru (2014).
Career
Bharani made his acting debut through Balaji Sakthivel's coming-of-age college drama Kalloori (2009), where he played a supporting role alongside Tamannaah and Akhil. The film, produced by Shankar, won critical acclaim and created further offers for the leading actors. Bharani was then cast in Samuthirakani's buddy movie Naadodigal (2009), where he featured as an eccentric Madurai-based youngster along with Sasikumar and Vijay Vasanth. Bharani won critical acclaim for his performance, with Rediff.com noting "it is Bharani who takes the cake as the perfect friend" and that "he has you in splits throughout with his comic expressions and dialogues". The film performed well at the box office and presented further offers for several of the film's cast and crew. Soon after the release of the film, Bharani was offered leading roles in films including Seenu Ramasamy's Thenmerku Paruvakaatru (2009) and Prabhu Solomon's Mynaa (2010), but missed out on the opportunities. During the period, he also worked on his first lead role in Vilai (2010), before starring in Gaurav Narayanan's Thoonga Nagaram (2011) in a supporting role with Vimal. Bharani also worked on films including Parimala Thiraiyarangam, Vellai Kuthirayil Rajakumaran and Podi Pasanga thereafter, though none of the films were completed. He made his Malayalam debut with Vasanthathinte Kanal Vazhikalil (2014). Commercial success eluded the actor during the following years with Netru Indru (2014) being critically panned and another film as the lead actor, Kannakkol, going through production delays, before eventually releasing in 2018.
In 2017, Bharani appeared in the reality TV show Bigg Boss, hosted by Kamal Haasan. He was ejected from the house after 14 days after attempting to scale a wall to exit the premises. His exit brought about much criticism and media following allegations of bullying from other housemates. Since his exit, Bharani has enjoyed wider media attention and has been presented in positive light, in contrary to negative allegations he endured against him inside the house.
Filmography
All films are in Tamil, unless otherwise noted.
Television
References
Living people
Male actors from Tamil Nadu
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Indian male comedians
Tamil comedians
People from Ramanathapuram district
1986 births
Bigg Boss (Tamil TV series) contestants
Alakoç is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Brooks' law is an observation about software project management according to which adding manpower to software project that is behind schedule delays it even longer. It was coined by Fred Brooks in his 1975 book The Mythical Man-Month. According to Brooks, under certain conditions, an incremental person when added to a project makes it take more, not less time.
Explanations
According to Brooks himself, the law is an "outrageous oversimplification", but it captures the general rule. Brooks points to the main factors that explain why it works this way:
It takes some time for the people added to a project to become productive. Brooks calls this the "ramp up" time. Software projects are complex engineering endeavors, and new workers on the project must first become educated about the work that has preceded them; this education requires diverting resources already working on the project, temporarily diminishing their productivity while the new workers are not yet contributing meaningfully. Each new worker also needs to integrate with a team composed of several engineers who must educate the new worker in their area of expertise in the code base, day by day. In addition to reducing the contribution of experienced workers (because of the need to train), new workers may even make negative contributions, for example, if they introduce bugs that move the project further from completion.
Communication overhead increases as the number of people increases. Due to combinatorial explosion, the number of different communication channels increases rapidly with the number of people. Everyone working on the same task needs to keep in sync, so as more people are added they spend more time trying to find out what everyone else is doing.
Adding more people to a highly divisible task, such as cleaning rooms in a hotel, decreases the overall task duration (up to the point where additional workers get in each other's way). However, other tasks including many specialties in software projects are less divisible; Brooks points out this limited divisibility with another example: while it takes one woman nine months to make one baby, "nine women can't make a baby in one month".
Exceptions and possible solutions
There are some key points in Brooks's law that allow exceptions and open the door for possible solutions.
The first point is to note that Brooks's law only applies to projects that are already late. Projects can be brought back into (or kept in) control if people are added earlier in the process. It is also important to determine if the project is really late, or if the schedule was originally overly optimistic. Scheduling mistakes account for a large number of late projects. Correcting the schedule is the best way to have a meaningful and reliable time frame for the project's completion.
The quantity, quality and role of the people added to the project also must be taken into consideration. One simple way to circumvent the law on an overrun project is to add more people than needed, in such a way that the extra capacity compensates the training and communication overhead. Good programmers or specialists can be added with less overhead for training. People can be added to do other tasks related with the project, for example, quality assurance or documentation; given that the task is clear, ramp up time is minimized.
Good segmentation helps by minimizing the communication overhead between team members. Smaller sub-problems are solved by a smaller team, and a top-level team is responsible for systems integration. For this method to work, the segmentation of the problem must be done correctly in the first place; if done incorrectly, this can make the problem worse, not better, by impeding communication between programmers working on parts of the problem which are actually closely coupled, even when the project plan has decreed that they are not.
An example of segmentation are design patterns that simplify the distribution of work, because the entire team can do its part within the framework provided by that pattern. The design pattern defines the rules that the programmers follow, simplifies communication through the use of a standard language, and provides consistency and scalability.
The Bermuda plan, where most developers on a project are removed ("sent to Bermuda") and the remaining are left to complete the software, has been suggested as a way of circumventing Brooks's law.
See also
Death march
Anti-pattern
Linus's law
List of eponymous laws
List of software development philosophies
Notes
References
Steve McConnell. "Brooks' Law Repealed," IEEE Software, vol. 16, no. 6, pp. 6–8, Nov/Dec, 1999. Also available at the authors website (Brooks's law repealed?).
Pei Hsia, Chih-tung Hsu, David C. Kung. "Brooks's law Revisited: A System Dynamics Approach," compsac, p. 370, Twenty-Third Annual International Computer Software and Applications Conference, 1999.
R. L. Gordon and J. C. Lamb. "A Close Look at Brooks' Law," Datamation, June 977, pp. 81–86.
Brooks law Is Applicable To Many Collaborative People Activities
Adages
Computer architecture statements
Computing culture
Software project management
1975 neologisms
Collaboration
Waste of resources
Qu'est-ce qu'on attend pour être heureux! (also known as What Are We Waiting for to Be Happy!) is a 1982 French comedy film written and directed by Coline Serreau and starring Henri Garcin.
The film was screened at the 39th edition of the Venice Film Festival.
Plot
Cast
Henri Garcin as The Film Director
Évelyne Buyle as Jean Harlow
Pierre Vernier as Rudolph Valentino
Romain Bouteille as Joachim
André Julien as M. Tiermond
Annick Alane as Lulu
Bernard Alane as The product manager
Michel Berto as Mr. Everybody
Laure Duthilleul as The dresser
Elisabeth Wiener
Tanya Lopert
References
External links
1982 comedy films
1982 films
Films directed by Coline Serreau
French comedy films
1980s French films
Tai Po is the name of a populated place of Hong Kong, however, the boundary of the area was not defined.
It may also refer to the following populated places:
Tai Po New Town, a new town (satellite town) and modern day built-up area, urban planning subdivision of Hong Kong, that name after Tai Po Market. It was located in the Tai Po District. The new town included Tai Po Market, Tai Po Old Market, Tai Po Kau and other land that obtained from land reclamation. The new town sometimes known as just Tai Po
Tai Po District, an administrative district of Hong Kong, established in the British colonial era of Hong Kong, cover Tai Po and northern part of Sai Kung Peninsula, sometimes known as just Tai Po
Tai Po Tau, a village of Tang clan in the Tai Po New Town and Tai Po District, which the history dated back to at least Ming dynasty of China. One of the oldest populated place that named after Tai Po
Tai Po Old Market (Tai Po Kau Hui), a residential area in the Tai Po New Town and Tai Po District, a defunct market town that was founded by Tai Po Tau village, former known as Tai Po Hui and Tai Po Tau Hui
Tai Po Market (Tai Po Hui), one of the current market centre of Tai Po New Town and Tai Po District, founded as a market town known as Tai Wo Shi in Qing dynasty of China
Tai Po Centre, a private residential estate in the Tai Po New Town, named after Tai Po the market town/new town/the district. One of the market centre of the new town and the district
Tai Po Kau, a village and wild land of the Tai Po New Town and the Tai Po District
Tai Po Hoi (Tai Po Sea), a water body that divided the Tai Po proper and the exclave Sai Kung North, as well as Sha Tin District
Tai Po Tin Tsuen, a village in the North District of Hong Kong
Tai Po Tsai Tsuen, a village in the Sai Kung Peninsula
In Sport
Tai Po FC, a professional male football club. Also known as just Tai Po
In transport
Tai Po Market station, a mass transit railway station
Old Tai Po Market railway station, see Hong Kong Railway Museum
Tai Po Road
See also
Dabu County of Mainland China. Shared the same Chinese character with the Hong Kong area
Dapu, Chiayi of Taiwan. Shared the same Chinese character with the Hong Kong area
Bobrów may refer to the following places in Poland:
Bobrów in Gmina Miłkowice, Legnica County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (SW Poland)
Other places called Bobrów (listed in Polish Wikipedia)
This is a partial list of country houses in Staffordshire that have been demolished:-
Alton Towers. Demolished 1952.
Beaudesert. Demolished 1936.
Bentley Hall. Demolished 1929.
Canwell Hall. Demolished 1950s.
Drayton Manor. Demolished 1929.
Elford Hall. Demolished 1964.
Elmhurst Hall. Demolished 1921.
Fisherwick Hall. Demolished 1808.
Hints Hall. Demolished 1952.
Manley Hall. Demolished 1961.
Shenstone Court. Demolished 1930s.
Teddesley Hall. Demolished 1954
Tixall Hall. Demolished 1927.
Trentham Hall. Demolished 1911.
Wolseley Hall. Demolished 1950s/1966.
Staffordshire
Houses in Staffordshire
History of Staffordshire
Lost houses of Staffordshire
U.S. Route 101 (US 101), is a major north–south U.S. Highway in Oregon that runs through the state along the coastline near the Pacific Ocean. It runs from the California border, south of Brookings, to the Washington state line on the Columbia River, between Astoria, Oregon, and Megler, Washington.
US 101 is designated as the Oregon Coast Highway No. 9 (see Oregon highways and routes), as it serves the Oregon Coast region. Much of the highway runs between the Pacific Ocean and the Oregon Coast Range, thus US 101 is frequently mountainous in character. For most of its length it is a two-lane undivided highway. Many parts of the highway are subject to closure due to landslides caused by excessive rainfall, and in many parts of the coast, US 101 is the only viable route connecting certain coastal communities. Thus, in many cases when landslides block US 101, the detour requires traveling inland over the Coast Range to alternative north–south routes in the Willamette Valley and then back west over the Coast Range again.
US 101 is often the main street through coastal towns in Oregon, which can cause significant traffic delays. This is especially true in Lincoln City, where geography and tourism combine to create traffic problems.
Route description
Brookings to Coos Bay
The run of US 101 in Oregon (from south to north) starts at the border with California, south of the twin cities of Brookings and Harbor (and north of Crescent City, California). The highway is mostly a two-lane road, running along the Southern Oregon coastline. Access to this section (other than 101) is via U.S. Route 199 or Oregon Route 42. Access is also possible through National Forest Route 23 (NF-23 - Bear Camp) but that route is not maintained through the winter months.
Other coastal towns in this stretch of US 101 include Pistol River, Gold Beach, Wedderburn, and Port Orford. North of Port Orford is the Cape Blanco region, and the westernmost point in the U.S. Highway system. After passing through Sixes, Denmark, and Langlois, US 101 enters the resort town of Bandon on the mouth of the Coquille River. Just north of Bandon, the highway crosses the river on the Bullards Bridge.
The stretch of US 101 between Brookings and Gold Beach includes the highest bridge in Oregon, the Thomas Creek Bridge. With its roadbed at above Thomas Creek, it is the 15th highest bridge in the U.S.
North of Bandon, US 101 heads inland for a while, while a spur route provides access to the Charleston Peninsula. Approaching the city of Coos Bay, US 101 becomes an expressway after an interchange with Oregon Route 42, then soon enters the downtown core. It continues through Coos Bay (the city) along the western edge of Coos Bay (the bay), soon entering the city of North Bend. North of North Bend, it crosses over the bay on the Conde McCullough Memorial Bridge, followed by a second bridge over Haynes Inlet.
Coos Bay to Lincoln City
North of Coos Bay, the highway runs along the eastern flank of the Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area, through the communities of North Bend, Hauser, Lakeside, and Winchester Bay before coming into the city of Reedsport on the mouth of the Umpqua River. The highway continues north from there, passing through the dunes and through the towns of Gardiner, Westlake, Dunes City, and Glenada. The next major town is Florence on the Siuslaw River.
The next stretch of US 101 (between Florence and Newport) closely follows the coastline, providing a wide view of the ocean. Towns between these two cities include Yachats, Waldport, and Seal Rock. Eventually, the highway crosses the Yaquina Bay Bridge into Newport. Just before the bridge lies the Oregon Coast Aquarium; on the other side of the bridge is the famed Newport waterfront. Also in Newport, US Route 20 has its western Terminus at US 101.
The next stretch of 101, between Newport and Lincoln City, is rather mountainous, as the Coast Range protrudes into the ocean. Cities on the route include Depoe Bay, Otter Rock (accessible via a side road), and the Gleneden Beach/Salishan area, famed for its resorts. Near Siletz Bay is the abandoned community of Kernville, followed by Lincoln City.
Lincoln City to Astoria
The stretch of US 101 through Lincoln City is infamous for its clogged traffic; the city is over seven miles (11 km) long (but only a few blocks wide in spots), and is sandwiched between the ocean on the west, and Devils Lake and mountains to the east. In many parts of town, the highway is a two-lane road. Adding to the traffic is a casino in the northern part of town. Much of the traffic departs US 101 north of Lincoln City, at an interchange with Oregon Route 18.
North of Lincoln City is the town of Neskowin and the Nestucca Bay area. A side road, the Three Capes Scenic Route, provides access to the seaside towns of Pacific City and Sandlake, then goes over Cape Lookout and on to Netarts, Oceanside and Cape Meares before meeting 101 again at Tillamook. 101 instead heads inland, passing through the towns of Cloverdale, Hebo, Beaver and Hemlock. The next major town is the city of Tillamook.
North of Tillamook, the highway passes on the eastern shore of Tillamook Bay, through towns such as Bay City and Garibaldi, before reuniting with the ocean. It then continues north along the Pacific through towns such as Rockaway Beach and Nedonna Beach; the next major towns are Nehalem and Manzanita, both on Nehalem Bay. The highway then continues north along the coastline through rugged terrain until it reaches the city of Cannon Beach. Unlike most coastal cities in Oregon, a bypass (in two-lane freeway configuration) was built around Cannon Beach; US 101 follows the bypass alignment. A few miles north of Cannon Beach is an interchange with U.S. Route 26, followed by the city of Seaside. (Until recently, U.S. 26 continued north towards Astoria, sharing an alignment with US 101; however ODOT truncated U.S. 26 to its current terminus at the interchange with 101 several years ago.)
North of Seaside, US 101 follows the coastal plain through cities such as Gearhart; a spur route (Oregon Route 104) provides access to Fort Stevens State Park. US 101 soon enters the city of Warrenton, Oregon (where Business 101, which is more of a scenic route, providing access to the Astoria-Warrenton Airport, Fort Clatsop, and Miles Crossing) and then crosses Youngs Bay into Astoria, Oregon. 101 passes through the northwestern edge of Astoria, until an intersection with the western terminus of U.S. Route 30. At this intersection, 101 climbs an access road onto the Astoria-Megler Bridge over the Columbia River and crosses into the state of Washington.
History
US 101 was established in 1926 and replaced several earlier state highways.
In 1961-1963, US 101 was rerouted to bypass Coquille, but go to Bandon.
In 1966, Oregon legislators proposed adding US 101 or a parallel corridor to the Interstate Highway System as part of road upgrades between Coos Bay and Astoria.
In 2015, all of US 101 in Oregon was designated as the Persian Gulf, Afghanistan, and Iraq Veterans Memorial Highway by the state legislature.
Major intersections
Note: mileposts do not reflect actual mileage because of realignments.
See also
List of bridges on U.S. Route 101 in Oregon
References
External links
01-1
Oregon
Oregon Coast
101
Transportation in Tillamook County, Oregon
Transportation in Lane County, Oregon
Transportation in Clatsop County, Oregon
Transportation in Coos County, Oregon
Transportation in Curry County, Oregon
Transportation in Douglas County, Oregon
Transportation in Lincoln County, Oregon
Stephanie Dunlea is a camogie player, winner of a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003 and of All Ireland medals in 2002 and 2005. She was nominated for the All-Star shortlist in 2004.
Family background
Her grand-aunt Kate Dunlea captained Cork to the 1933 title. Her father John won an All-Ireland Junior Football Championship medal in 1964, and her brother Pat nipped a junior football medal in 2001. Her sister Lynn won five All Ireland medals and acted as camogie match analyst on RTÉ's Sunday Sport.
Nominations
After the institution of the official All Stars scheme, she was short-listed for an All-Star in 2004 and 2005.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cork camogie players
The Braille pattern dots-146 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with both top, and the bottom right dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with both top, and the lower-middle right dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2829, and in Braille ASCII with the percent sign: %.
Unified braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-146 is used to represent a voiceless palato-alveolar fricative, i.e. /ʃ/ and otherwise as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-146 are Braille patterns 1467, 1468, and 14678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 258, 1258, 2458, and 12458 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-146, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0146, 1467, and 01467 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 258, 1258, 2458, or 12458
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-146 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 草
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 3 + く/艹 = 艸
- selector 5 + く/艹 = 禺
- selector 6 + く/艹 = 莫
- selector 6 + selector 6 + く/艹 = 屮
- く/艹 + selector 4 = 丘
- く/艹 + selector 6 = 卉
- 比 + く/艹 = 升
- し/巿 + く/艹 = 黒
Compounds of 草 and 艹
- れ/口 + く/艹 = 嘆
- 氷/氵 + く/艹 = 漢
- く/艹 + い/糹/#2 = 難
- な/亻 + く/艹 + い/糹/#2 = 儺
- て/扌 + く/艹 + い/糹/#2 = 攤
- に/氵 + く/艹 + い/糹/#2 = 灘
- つ/土 + く/艹 = 塔
- く/艹 + く/艹 = 荒
- る/忄 + く/艹 = 慌
- た/⽥ + く/艹 = 苗
- て/扌 + く/艹 = 描
- か/金 + く/艹 = 錨
- け/犬 + く/艹 = 獲
- の/禾 + く/艹 = 穫
- え/訁 + く/艹 = 護
- 心 + く/艹 = 菱
- と/戸 + く/艹 = 著
- つ/土 + と/戸 + く/艹 = 墸
- み/耳 + と/戸 + く/艹 = 躇
- く/艹 + ん/止 = 歎
- く/艹 + 比 = 花
- つ/土 + く/艹 + 比 = 埖
- き/木 + く/艹 + 比 = 椛
- ま/石 + く/艹 + 比 = 硴
- の/禾 + く/艹 + 比 = 糀
- か/金 + く/艹 + 比 = 錵
- く/艹 + ほ/方 = 芳
- か/金 + く/艹 + ほ/方 = 錺
- せ/食 + く/艹 + ほ/方 = 餝
- く/艹 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 蔟
- く/艹 + え/訁 = 芸
- く/艹 + く/艹 + え/訁 = 藝
- れ/口 + く/艹 + え/訁 = 囈
- く/艹 + め/目 = 芽
- く/艹 + 数 = 若
- る/忄 + く/艹 + 数 = 惹
- く/艹 + ろ/十 = 苦
- く/艹 + お/頁 = 英
- 日 + く/艹 + お/頁 = 暎
- へ/⺩ + く/艹 + お/頁 = 瑛
- ち/竹 + く/艹 + お/頁 = 霙
- く/艹 + ひ/辶 = 茂
- く/艹 + け/犬 = 茎
- く/艹 + く/艹 + け/犬 = 莖
- く/艹 + へ/⺩ = 荘
- く/艹 + く/艹 + へ/⺩ = 莊
- く/艹 + な/亻 = 荷
- く/艹 + 囗 = 菌
- く/艹 + き/木 = 菓
- く/艹 + ち/竹 = 菜
- く/艹 + か/金 = 華
- れ/口 + く/艹 + か/金 = 嘩
- 日 + く/艹 + か/金 = 曄
- 心 + く/艹 + か/金 = 樺
- え/訁 + く/艹 + か/金 = 譁
- く/艹 + ふ/女 = 萎
- く/艹 + れ/口 = 落
- く/艹 + よ/广 = 葉
- く/艹 + と/戸 = 葬
- く/艹 + み/耳 = 葺
- く/艹 + に/氵 = 蒸
- く/艹 + た/⽥ = 蓄
- く/艹 + す/発 = 蔵
- く/艹 + く/艹 + す/発 = 藏
- く/艹 + て/扌 = 薄
- く/艹 + そ/馬 = 薦
- く/艹 + ま/石 = 薪
- く/艹 + 火 = 薫
- く/艹 + ゐ/幺 = 薬
- く/艹 + く/艹 + ゐ/幺 = 藥
- く/艹 + 氷/氵 = 藩
- く/艹 + ⺼ = 蘊
- 氷/氵 + 宿 + く/艹 = 濛
- く/艹 + 宿 + ら/月 = 臈
- ふ/女 + 宿 + く/艹 = 艨
- く/艹 + 龸 + の/禾 = 芟
- く/艹 + 宿 + り/分 = 芬
- く/艹 + 宿 + 心 = 芯
- く/艹 + め/目 + ぬ/力 = 苅
- く/艹 + 宿 + う/宀/#3 = 苑
- く/艹 + ろ/十 + 囗 = 苒
- く/艹 + 比 + か/金 = 苛
- く/艹 + も/門 + selector 2 = 苞
- く/艹 + も/門 + selector 5 = 苟
- く/艹 + selector 1 + す/発 = 苣
- く/艹 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 苫
- く/艹 + す/発 + selector 1 = 苳
- く/艹 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 苴
- く/艹 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 苻
- く/艹 + 宿 + さ/阝 = 范
- く/艹 + す/発 + れ/口 = 茖
- く/艹 + selector 5 + こ/子 = 茣
- く/艹 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 茫
- く/艹 + ゐ/幺 + ゐ/幺 = 茲
- く/艹 + 囗 + れ/口 = 茴
- く/艹 + 囗 + け/犬 = 茵
- く/艹 + ふ/女 + れ/口 = 茹
- く/艹 + ろ/十 + こ/子 = 荐
- く/艹 + な/亻 + ま/石 = 莅
- く/艹 + ぬ/力 + そ/馬 = 莇
- く/艹 + は/辶 + selector 1 = 莚
- く/艹 + り/分 + れ/口 = 莟
- く/艹 + 宿 + な/亻 = 莢
- く/艹 + け/犬 + と/戸 = 莽
- く/艹 + selector 6 + 心 = 菴
- く/艹 + selector 5 + り/分 = 菷
- く/艹 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 萃
- く/艹 + ふ/女 + さ/阝 = 萋
- く/艹 + 日 + ら/月 = 萌
- く/艹 + り/分 + か/金 = 萍
- く/艹 + ら/月 + ら/月 = 萠
- く/艹 + に/氵 + selector 3 = 萢
- く/艹 + 宿 + け/犬 = 萼
- く/艹 + な/亻 + れ/口 = 葆
- く/艹 + 龸 + り/分 = 董
- く/艹 + 日 + selector 1 = 葩
- く/艹 + い/糹/#2 + も/門 = 葯
- く/艹 + 宿 + む/車 = 葷
- く/艹 + ま/石 + し/巿 = 蒂
- く/艹 + 宿 + し/巿 = 蒄
- く/艹 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 蒐
- く/艹 + 日 + し/巿 = 蒔
- く/艹 + 宿 + そ/馬 = 蒙
- く/艹 + り/分 + お/頁 = 蒼
- く/艹 + け/犬 + の/禾 = 蓁
- く/艹 + よ/广 + せ/食 = 蓆
- く/艹 + こ/子 + む/車 = 蓊
- く/艹 + し/巿 + ろ/十 = 蓐
- く/艹 + 宿 + ね/示 = 蓑
- く/艹 + よ/广 + な/亻 = 蓙
- く/艹 + な/亻 + う/宀/#3 = 蓚
- く/艹 + ま/石 + さ/阝 = 蔀
- く/艹 + 宿 + ま/石 = 蔓
- く/艹 + し/巿 + よ/广 = 蔕
- く/艹 + selector 1 + う/宀/#3 = 蔘
- く/艹 + と/戸 + ね/示 = 蔚
- く/艹 + ね/示 + さ/阝 = 蔡
- く/艹 + さ/阝 + ゑ/訁 = 蔭
- く/艹 + 宿 + 氷/氵 = 蔽
- く/艹 + の/禾 + た/⽥ = 蕃
- く/艹 + ん/止 + ん/止 = 蕋
- く/艹 + 龸 + け/犬 = 蕚
- く/艹 + に/氵 + 数 = 蕩
- く/艹 + ち/竹 + た/⽥ = 蕾
- く/艹 + り/分 + え/訁 = 薈
- く/艹 + 囗 + え/訁 = 薗
- く/艹 + や/疒 + selector 2 = 薙
- く/艹 + selector 6 + ま/石 = 薜
- く/艹 + ほ/方 + selector 2 = 薨
- く/艹 + 宿 + 数 = 薮
- く/艹 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 薹
- く/艹 + 宿 + き/木 = 藁
- く/艹 + 日 + ね/示 = 藉
- く/艹 + そ/馬 + 日 = 藐
- く/艹 + 龸 + 数 = 藪
- く/艹 + え/訁 + 氷/氵 = 藹
- く/艹 + 心 + 心 = 蘂
- く/艹 + 宿 + に/氵 = 蘯
- く/艹 + 龸 + ま/石 = 蘰
- む/車 + 宿 + く/艹 = 蟇
- む/車 + 龸 + く/艹 = 蠖
- え/訁 + 宿 + く/艹 = 謨
- そ/馬 + 宿 + く/艹 = 驀
- く/艹 + 宿 + や/疒 = 艱
Compounds of 禺
- な/亻 + く/艹 = 偶
- う/宀/#3 + く/艹 = 寓
- ひ/辶 + く/艹 = 遇
- さ/阝 + く/艹 = 隅
- く/艹 + 心 = 愚
- く/艹 + selector 5 + く/艹 = 藕
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + く/艹 = 嵎
Compounds of 莫
- き/木 + く/艹 = 模
- ⺼ + く/艹 = 膜
- く/艹 + ぬ/力 = 募
- く/艹 + つ/土 = 墓
- く/艹 + し/巿 = 幕
- 宿 + く/艹 + し/巿 = 冪
- す/発 + く/艹 + し/巿 = 羃
- く/艹 + る/忄 = 慕
- く/艹 + 日 = 暮
- の/禾 + selector 6 + く/艹 = 糢
- む/車 + selector 6 + く/艹 = 蟆
- そ/馬 + selector 6 + く/艹 = 貘
- う/宀/#3 + 宿 + く/艹 = 寞
- て/扌 + 宿 + く/艹 = 摸
- に/氵 + 宿 + く/艹 = 漠
- け/犬 + 宿 + く/艹 = 獏
Compounds of 丘
- く/艹 + り/分 = 兵
- き/木 + く/艹 + り/分 = 梹
- か/金 + く/艹 + り/分 = 鋲
- く/艹 + や/疒 = 岳
- む/車 + く/艹 + selector 4 = 蚯
- さ/阝 + く/艹 + selector 4 = 邱
- そ/馬 + く/艹 + selector 4 = 駈
Compounds of 卉
- く/艹 + selector 6 + も/門 = 蒭
- く/艹 + selector 6 + つ/土 = 蕘
Compounds of 升
- 日 + く/艹 = 昇
- き/木 + 比 + く/艹 = 枡
- さ/阝 + 日 + く/艹 = 陞
Compounds of 黒
- 火 + く/艹 = 燻
- よ/广 + し/巿 + く/艹 = 廛
- ゆ/彳 + し/巿 + く/艹 = 黴
- ⺼ + し/巿 + く/艹 = 黶
Other compounds
- こ/子 + く/艹 = 告
- は/辶 + く/艹 = 造
- る/忄 + は/辶 + く/艹 = 慥
- せ/食 + く/艹 = 酷
- 日 + こ/子 + く/艹 = 晧
- き/木 + こ/子 + く/艹 = 梏
- え/訁 + こ/子 + く/艹 = 誥
- 火 + こ/子 + く/艹 = 靠
- く/艹 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鵠
- に/氵 + く/艹 = 流
- へ/⺩ + く/艹 = 琉
- よ/广 + く/艹 = 疏
- 心 + よ/广 + く/艹 = 蔬
- ま/石 + く/艹 = 硫
- ほ/方 + 宿 + く/艹 = 旒
- き/木 + 宿 + く/艹 = 梳
- 龸 + selector 4 + く/艹 = 毓
- せ/食 + 宿 + く/艹 = 醯
- く/艹 + 宿 + 火 = 熏
- せ/食 + く/艹 + 火 = 醺
- そ/馬 + く/艹 = 馴
- く/艹 + さ/阝 = 危
- ⺼ + く/艹 + さ/阝 = 脆
- え/訁 + く/艹 + さ/阝 = 詭
- み/耳 + く/艹 + さ/阝 = 跪
- せ/食 + く/艹 + さ/阝 = 鮠
- く/艹 + う/宀/#3 = 急
- ち/竹 + く/艹 = 筑
- め/目 + 宿 + く/艹 = 瞿
- く/艹 + そ/馬 + 比 = 麁
Notes
Braille patterns
Ardagysh () is a rural locality (a village) in Shtandinsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 37 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Ardagysh is located 21 km northeast of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shtandy is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Ivar Johansson (1889–1963) was a Swedish film director, screenwriter and editor. He specalised in particularly in films shot on location in the Swedish countryside and directed Ingrid Bergman in her first dramatic role in Ocean Breakers in 1935.
Selected filmography
The People of Simlang Valley (1924)
The Girl in Tails (1926)
The Tales of Ensign Stål (1926)
Gustaf Wasa (1928)
The Realm of the Rye (1929)
Skipper's Love (1931)
The Storholmen Brothers (1932)
Mother-in-Law's Coming (1932)
Lucky Devils (1932)
People of Hälsingland (1933)
Boman's Boy (1933)
The Song to Her (1934)
Fired (1934)
Ocean Breakers (1935)
The Boys of Number Fifty Seven (1935)
The Lady Becomes a Maid (1936)
Mother Gets Married (1937)
For Better, for Worse (1938)
Storm Over the Skerries (1938)
Between Us Barons (1939)
Oh, What a Boy! (1939)
The Crazy Family (1940)
The Train Leaves at Nine (1941)
We're All Errand Boys (1941)
If I Could Marry the Minister (1941)
Take Care of Ulla (1942)
The Yellow Clinic (1942)
Captured by a Voice (1943)
Young Blood (1943)
Eaglets (1944)
The Forest Is Our Heritage (1944)
The Österman Brothers' Virago (1945)
Motherhood (1945)
The Wedding on Solö (1946)
Life in the Finnish Woods (1947)
The Poetry of Ådalen (1947)
Carnival Evening (1948)
Big Lasse of Delsbo (1949)
The Devil and the Smalander (1949)
The Realm of the Rye (1950)
Kalle Karlsson of Jularbo (1952)
In Lilac Time (1952)
Ursula, the Girl from the Finnish Forests (1953)
The Red Horses (1954)
People of the Finnish Forests (1955)
References
Bibliography
Nelmes, Jill & Selbo, Jule. Women Screenwriters: An International Guide. Palgrave Macmillan, 2015.
Paietta, Ann C.. Saints, Clergy and Other Religious Figures on Film and Television, 1895–2003. McFarland, 2005.
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1889 births
1963 deaths
Swedish film directors
Swedish film editors
Swedish screenwriters
Living Out Loud is the debut studio album by Canadian country music singer Aaron Lines. The album was released by RCA Nashville. It was nominated for Country Recording of the Year at the 2004 Juno Awards. In the U.S., the album produced two chart singles in "You Can't Hide Beautiful" and "Love Changes Everything". The former peaked at No. 4 on Hot Country Songs and No. 38 on the Billboard Hot 100, while the latter peaked at No. 39 on the US country charts.
Track listing
"Love Changes Everything" (Chris Farren, Aaron Lines) – 3:15
"I Will Be There" (Billy Austin, Greg Barnhill) – 4:50
"Close" (Farren, Wayne Hector, Steve Mac) – 4:10
"Living Out Loud" (Michael Dulaney, Farren, Lines) – 4:04
"Turn It Up (I Like the Sound of That)" (Farren, Lines, Ashley Gorley) – 3:50
"I Can't Live Without Your Love" (Farren, Lines, Troy Verges) – 5:38
"You Can't Hide Beautiful" (Dulaney, Jason Sellers) – 3:51
"Knock on Wood" (Joel Feeney, Lines) – 3:26
"Old Days New" (Gary Burr, Farren, Lines) – 4:11
"She Called Me Kansas" (Dulaney, Lines, Michael Gerald Lunn) – 3:38
"You Get the Picture" (Dulaney, Farren, Lines) – 3:34
Personnel
As listed in liner notes.
Mike Brignardello – bass guitar
Tom Bukovac – electric guitar
Eric Darken – percussion
Dan Dugmore – pedal steel guitar
Chris Farren – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, keyboards, Hammond B-3 organ, background vocals
Joel Feeney – background vocals
Kim Fleming – background vocals
Shannon Forrest – drums, drum programming
Tony Harrell – piano, keyboards, Hammond B-3 organ
Jeff King – electric guitar, gut string guitar, bouzouki
Aaron Lines – lead vocals
Shawn Allan Klaiber – background vocals
Chris J. McDonald – trombone
Wendy Moten – background vocals
Michael Rhodes – bass guitar
Jason Sellers – background vocals
Bobby Terry – acoustic guitar, drum programming
George Tidwell – trumpet
Strings performed by the Nashville String Machine, arranged by Jeff Lippencott and Chris Farren. Carl Gorodetzky, concert master.
Chart performance
References
2003 debut albums
Aaron Lines albums
RCA Records albums
Albums produced by Chris Farren (country musician)
Raoul Norman Franklin CBE FREng (3 June 1935 – 7 October 2021), was a physicist, working in the field of plasma physics, who was Vice-Chancellor of the City University in London for 20 years.
Life
Franklin was educated at Howick District High School and Auckland Grammar School (both in New Zealand). He then studied at the University of New Zealand (obtaining a BE and a BSc in 1956), then at the University of Auckland (obtaining an ME and MSc in mathematics in 1957). He then moved to the University of Oxford, obtaining his doctorate as a member of Christ Church, Oxford. After working as a senior research fellow at the Royal Military College of Science in Shrivenham, Oxfordshire, from 1961 to 1963, he was a Fellow of Keble College, Oxford, from 1963 to 1978, and a university lecturer in Engineering Science from 1966 to 1978. He was then appointed Vice-Chancellor of City University, London, holding the post from 1978 to 1998; he held the position of professor of Plasma Physics and Technology in addition from 1986 to 1998. Whilst at City University, he worked in collaboration with industry and business, raising additional income for the university. His work also resulted in the university winning four Queen's Awards for Enterprise (for technology, in 1982 and 1985, and for export, in 1988 and 1991).
In 1998, he was appointed a visiting professor by the Open University. His publications in the field of plasma physics include Plasma Phenomena in Gas Discharges (1976) and various scientific papers. He has been described as "one of the world's leading researchers in plasma physics", writing "many papers of international significance".
He was appointed an honorary fellow of Keble College in 1980, and appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1995. He served as chairman of the Assessment and Qualifications Alliance (AQA) from 1998 to 2003, having served as chairman of Associated Examining Board, one of AQA's predecessor institutions, from 1994 to 1998. He was also elected a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering. Franklin died on 7 October 2021.
References
External links
Oral history interview transcript with Raoul Franklin on 15 October 2008, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library & Archives
1935 births
2021 deaths
Presidents of City, University of London
Academics of the Open University
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
British physicists
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of Keble College, Oxford
People educated at Auckland Grammar School
New Zealand physicists
University of Auckland alumni
University of New Zealand alumni
Rohnke Crests () are two rock ridges (about 1400 m) that are parallel and rise above the general ice mantle on the southeast slopes of Mount Terror, Ross Island. This feature is east of the head of Eastwind Glacier and 4 nautical miles (7 km) northeast of Conical Hill. Names in association with Eastwind Glacier after Captain (later R.Adm.) Oscar C. Rohnke, USCG, who commanded USCGC Eastwind in Ross Sea during U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze I, 1955–56.
Ridges of Ross Island
The Decision of 1789 refers to a month-long constitutional debate that occurred during the first session of the United States House of Representatives as to whether Article Two of the United States Constitution granted the president the power to remove officers of the United States at will. It has been called "the first significant legislative construction of the Constitution". The debate centered around "a bill that would create a Department of Foreign Affairs"—the precursor to the Department of State—and which branch of government would have the power to remove officers from that department.
Congress ultimately enacted three departmental acts "that contained nearly identical language", none of which contained language expressly granting the President removal power. Nonetheless, one of those acts included a proviso urged by James Madison that many scholars believe "was meant to imply recognition that the Secretary would be removable by the President at will". Justices of the Supreme Court and legal scholars continue to debate the legal significance of the decision.
Debate over constitutional meaning
Some of the United States' leading figures have used the decision as support for presidential removal power. Writing as Pacificus, Alexander Hamilton stated that the Decision of 1789 construed the Constitution as placing full executive removal power with the President. This view was supported by Chief Justice John Marshall in his biography of George Washington. In Myers v. United States, Chief Justice William H. Taft, writing for the majority, used the Decision of 1789 as support for broad presidential removal powers. More recently, Chief Justice John Roberts used the decision in both Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (2010) and Seila Law LLC v. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (2020) to support his construction of the President's removal power. Thus, it has been used as support in two Supreme Court cases that set precedent.
Nonetheless, "there is considerable evidence that the framers of the Constitution themselves could not agree on the meaning or significance of constitutional language defining the appointment and removal powers of the executive branch". In Seila Law, Justice Elena Kagan challenged Roberts's characterization of the Decision of 1789, stating that "[t]he best view is that the First Congress 'was deeply divided' on the President's removal power, and 'never squarely addressed' the central issue here".
See also
Tenure of Office Act (1820)
Tenure of Office Act (1867)
References
1st United States Congress
1789 in New York (state)
Article Two of the United States Constitution
Political debates
United States constitutional law
United States Department of State
Mark Kratzmann defeated Stefan Kruger in the final, 6–4, 4–6, 6–3 to win the boys' singles tennis title at the 1984 Wimbledon Championships.
Seeds
Stephen Botfield (first round)
Mark Kratzmann (champion)
Jonas Svensson (semifinals)
Brad Pearce (semifinals)
Dan Nahirny (second round)
Patrick McEnroe (third round)
Thomas Muster (second round)
Marius Masencamp (first round)
Luke Jensen (quarterfinals)
Andrei Chesnokov (third round)
Felix Barrientos (quarterfinals)
Éric Winogradsky (quarterfinals)
Brett Custer (third round)
David Macpherson (first round)
Robbie Weiss (first round)
Alex Antonitsch (second round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Boys' Singles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Boys' singles
Outline VPN is a free and open-source tool that deploys Shadowsocks servers on multiple cloud service providers. The software suite also includes client software for multiple platforms. Outline was developed by Jigsaw, a technology incubator created by Google.[3]
The Outline Server supports self-hosting, as well as cloud service providers including DigitalOcean, Rackspace, Google Cloud Platform, and Amazon EC2. Installation involves running a command on its command-line interface, or in the case of installing on DigitalOcean or Google Cloud, its graphical user interface.
Components
Outline has three main components:
The Outline Server acts as a proxy and relays connections between the client and the sites they want to access. It is based on Shadowsocks, and offers a REST API for management of the server by the Outline Manager application.
The Outline Manager is a graphical application used to deploy and manage access to Outline Servers. It supports Windows, macOS and Linux.
The Outline Client connects to the internet via the Outline Server. It supports Windows, macOS, Linux, Chrome OS, Android, and iOS.
Security and privacy
Outline uses the Shadowsocks protocol for communication between the client and server. Traffic is encrypted with the IETF ChaCha20 stream cipher (256-bit key) and authenticated with the IETF Poly1305 authenticator.
Outline is free and open-source, licensed under the Apache License 2.0, and was audited by Radically Open Security and claims not to log users' web traffic. The Outline Server supports unattended upgrades.
Outline is not a true VPN solution but rather a Shadowsocks-based proxy. The two technologies are similar in the way they can be used to redirect network traffic and make it appear as originating from another device (the server), and hide the traffic's final destination from observers and filters until it reaches the proxy server. However, a VPN has additional capabilities, such as encapsulating traffic within a virtual tunnel, and allowing connected devices to “see” each other (as if they were connected to a LAN).
Outline is not an anonymity tool, and it doesn't provide the same degree of anonymity protections as Tor, which routes traffic through three hops rather than just one and also protects against attacks like browser fingerprinting.
Critical reception
In March 2018, Max Eddy of PCMag stated that a preview version of Outline VPN was "startlingly easy to use" and "removes privacy concerns associated with VPN companies". However, Eddy criticized the software for not encrypting all traffic on Windows, and warned users that "individual use may lack some anonymity compared [to] large VPN companies".
Since version 1.2, the Outline Windows client came out of 'Beta', effectively beginning to encrypt all traffic from the device, on par with the Outline clients for macOS, Chrome OS, Android, and iOS.
See also
Comparison of virtual private network services
Internet privacy
References
External links
Virtual private networks
Free security software
Free server software
2018 software
Free proxy servers
Alphabet Inc.
Edwin Thiel (19 June 1913 – 14 July 1944) was a Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Edwin Thiel was killed on 14 July 1944 after bailing out of his plane after it was hit by Soviet flak. During his career he was credited with 76 victories in 300 missions.
Awards
Flugzeugführerabzeichen
Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe
Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe (15 June 1942)
Iron Cross (1939)
2nd Class
1st Class
German Cross in Gold on 9 September 1942 as Leutnant in the I./Jagdgeschwader 51
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 16 April 1943 as Oberleutnant and Staffelführer of the 2./Jagdgeschwader 51 "Mölders"
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Luftwaffe 1939–1945 History
TracesOfWar.com
Aces of the Luftwaffe
1913 births
1944 deaths
People from Saarpfalz-Kreis
Luftwaffe pilots
German World War II flying aces
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
People from the Rhine Province
German military personnel killed in World War II
Aviators killed by being shot down
Jalor City Football Club (Thai สโมสรฟุตบอลยาลอ ซิตี้), is a semi professional football club based in Yala, Thailand. The club is currently playing in the Thai League 3 Southern region.
History
The club was formed and registered on 4 August 2018 in Yala as the southernmost football club in Thailand. It initially competed in Thailand Amateur League Southern region. They were promoted to Thai League 4 in the end of season.
In 2019, the club competed in Thai League 4 Southern region and finished in the 5th place.
Crest history
Stadium and locations
Season by season record
P = Played
W = Games won
D = Games drawn
L = Games lost
F = Goals for
A = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
QR1 = First Qualifying Round
QR2 = Second Qualifying Round
R1 = Round 1
R2 = Round 2
R3 = Round 3
R4 = Round 4
R5 = Round 5
R6 = Round 6
QF = Quarter-finals
SF = Semi-finals
RU = Runners-up
W = Winners
Players
Current squad
References
External links
Official facebook
Association football clubs established in 2018
Football clubs in Thailand
Yala province
2018 establishments in Thailand
Ohio's 24th senatorial district has always been based in Cuyahoga County, but has encompassed different regions over the decades. It now consists of outer suburbs from the eastern to the western portions of the county. It encompasses Ohio House districts 6, 7 and 16. It has a Cook PVI of R+2. Its Ohio Senator is Republican Matt Dolan. He resides in Chagrin Falls, a city located in Cuyahoga County.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 24th district senator at the 133rd Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
is an official Japanese card game that uses a deck of uta-garuta cards to play karuta, within the format and rules set by the Japan Karuta Association.
Overview
Competitive karuta has been around since the start of the 19th century before the Meiji Restoration, but the rules used vary in different regions. At the beginning of the 20th century the different rules were unified by a newly formed Tokyo Karuta Association, and the first competitive karuta tournament was held in 1904. The rules have been slightly modified since then.
The first attempt to establish a national association was done in 1934, and this later led to the foundation of the Japan Karuta Association in 1957. The association has hosted tournaments for men since 1955, and women since 1957.
Today, competitive karuta is played by a wide range of people in Japan. Although the game itself is simple, playing at a competitive level requires a high-level of skills such as agility and memory. Therefore, it is recognized as a kind of sport in Japan.
The game is played in a number of community centers, as well as school and university clubs.
Although karuta is very popular in Japan, there are very few competitive karuta players. It is estimated that there are currently 10,000 to 20,000 competitive karuta players in Japan, 2,000 of which are ranked as above C-class (or 1-dan) and registered in the “All Japan Karuta Association”.
There are several associations for karuta players including the “Nippon Karuta-in Hon'in”, which emphasizes the cultural aspects of karuta.
The Japanese national championship tournament of competitive karuta is held every January at Omi Shrine in Ōtsu, Shiga. The title Meijin has been awarded to the winner of the men's division since 1955, and the title Queen has been awarded to the winner of the women's division since 1957. Both winners are known as Grand Champions. A seven-time Grand Champion is known as an Eternal Master. The national championship for high school students is held every July.
Lately, the game has begun gaining international players as well. In September 2012, there was the first international tournament, and players from the U.S., China, South Korea, New Zealand, and Thailand participated.
Karuta cards
There are two decks in a karuta game. Each deck contains 100 cards, with a tanka poem printed on each. The two decks are:
Yomifuda (lit. "reading card"); 100 cards, each with a picture of a poet with a complete tanka poem (5-7-5-7-7 syllables) by them.
Torifuda (lit. "grabbing card"); 100 cards, each corresponding to a yomifuda but with only the last phrases of the poem (the ending 7-7 syllable lines).
Rules
Competitive karuta is a one-on-one game, facilitated by a reciter (card reader) and a judge. All official matches use cards made by Oishi Tengudo.
50 torifuda cards are randomly selected from the total of 100; the 50 cards that are not selected are excluded from the game and are known as karafuda (dead cards or ghost cards). Each player then randomly takes 25 of the 50 selected torifuda and places them face-up in their territory. A player's territory is the space in front of the player, officially designated as 87 cm wide, containing three rows of cards and separated from their opponent's cards by 3 cm.
Players are then given 15 minutes to memorize all the cards in place, and during the final two minutes they are allowed to practice their strike at the cards.
The game starts by the reciter reading an introductory poem that is not part of the 100 poems. This introductory reading allows players to familiarize themselves with the reciter's voice and the reading rhythm. Following the introductory poem, the reciter draws one of the 100 yomifuda and recites the poem on it.
As soon as the players recognize which yomifuda is being read, they race to find and touch the corresponding torifuda. The first player to touch the torifuda "takes" the card and removes it from play. When a player takes a card from the opponent's territory, that player must transfer a card from their own territory to the opponent; if both players touch the card at the same time, it is taken by the player whose territory it is in. A player must also transfer a card if their opponent commits a fault.
The first player to get rid of all the cards in their territory wins.
There is no referee in karuta, and players must arrive at a consensus themselves if there is a dispute.
Otetsuki (faults, false touches)
Touching any card when a dead card is read is a fault and results in a penalty.
Touching a card in the wrong territory is a fault and results in a penalty.
If a player touches the wrong card in the opponent's territory and the opponent touches the correct card in the faulting player's territory, it is a "double fault" and the player incurs a penalty of two cards.
Touching the wrong card in the same territory as the target card is not a penalty. As a result, the players may toss away surrounding cards near the target card as they move to strike it.
The order of the cards in a player's territory may be rearranged at any time during the game. However, excessive rearrangement is considered poor sportsmanship.
Characteristics of the game
Good karuta players memorize all 100 tanka poems and the layout of the cards at the start of the match. They must also be able to adapt to the changing layout of the cards during the match.
There are 7 poems which have unique first syllables (, , , , , , ), 42 with unique first 2 syllables, 37 poems with unique first 3 syllables, 6 poems with 4, 2 poems with 5 and, finally, 6 cards with unique first 6 syllables, so a player can discriminate between cards only when the second verse of the poem starts. For example, there are 3 cards starting with chi which are: ..., ..., and ...; so players must react as soon as they hear the beginning decisive part of the poem, which is called kimariji. As a result, fast thinking, reaction time, and physical speed is required.
An average karuta game lasts about 90 minutes, including a 15-minute pre-match memorizing time. In national tournaments the winner usually plays 5 to 7 matches.
Official games
Individual match
Individual tournaments are separated by the ranking group (dan = grade). The rankings are as follows:
A class; 4-dan and above
B class; 3-dan
C class; 2-dan
D class; 1-dan
E class; beginner
To participate in tournaments for higher classes, players must gain corresponding dan by gaining sufficient results in lower classes that are set by the association, and players must register as official members of the association if they wish to enter any tournament higher than C class.
There are about 50 official tournaments every year which are counted toward the ranking of dan.
Local tournaments may alter this ranking system or the form of the tournament by case. There are also tournaments ranked by age or grade in school. Official tournaments are free to enter regardless of the age or gender, but some tournaments may limit this for certain ages, gender, and class of the players.
Team competition
The format of team competition is different from that of individual matches, and the format may differ from one tournament to another. For example, a common tournament will be done with teams of five to eight members, and teams will decide the order of their players for each game. Each class will compete for the total points and wins in the league.
Media coverage
Official tournaments are often covered by the media.
In popular culture
Several drama, anime and manga plots revolve around competitive karuta.
Manga:
Chihayafuru – by Yuki Suetsugu
Karuta – by Kenjirō Takeshita
Manten Irohakomachi – by Mariko Kosaka
Anime
Chihayafuru – based on manga by Yuki Suetsugu
Chōyaku Hyakunin isshu: Uta Koi (fictionalised account of the origin of the 100 poems) – by Kei Sugita
Drama:
Karuta Queen – NHK General TV
Live-action films:
Chihayafuru Part 1 – based on manga by Yuki Suetsugu
Chihayafuru Part 2 – based on manga by Yuki Suetsugu
Chihayafuru Part 3 – based on manga by Yuki Suetsugu
Of particular note is the manga, anime series and live action movie Chihayafuru which portrays the story of a group of young people who competitively play Hyakunin Isshu karuta with the aim of becoming best in the world. The series debuted in 2007, and its popularity has boosted the popularity of competitive karuta in Japan and abroad.
See also
Ogura Hyakunin Isshu, the poetry anthology printed on the cards.
Ōishi Tengudō, the official manufacturer for competitive karuta.
Keitaro Kumehara
References
External links
All-Japan Karuta Association
YouTube clip explaining the rules
Hyakunin isshu - karuta on memrise.com
Oishi Tengudo corporate profile
titleholder of "Kyogi-Karuta"
Japanese card games
19th-century establishments in Japan
19th-century card games
Miria is a commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The principal town lies at Doumanani. The commune covers an area of 231 square kilometers and includes five villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 8,226. The village of Doumanani, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 68 km northwest of Sikasso.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Travis Hamonic ( ; born August 16, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted 53rd overall by the New York Islanders in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Junior
Hamonic started his major junior hockey career playing for the Moose Jaw Warriors of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He was selected by the New York Islanders in the second round, 53rd overall, of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Prior to the 2009–10 WHL season Hamonic was named the co-captain of the Warriors alongside Jason Bast. In his final junior season, Hamonic was traded to the Brandon Wheat Kings on January 9, 2010.
Professional
New York Islanders
Following a Memorial Cup Championship Final loss to the Windsor Spitfires, Hamonic signed a three-year entry level contract with the New York Islanders on May 26, 2010.
On November 24, 2010, after spending 19 games in the American Hockey League (AHL) with the Islanders' top minor league affiliate, the Bridgeport Sound Tigers, Hamonic made his NHL debut, putting in a strong performance for New York, who ultimately lost in overtime against the Columbus Blue Jackets. He later scored his first NHL goal on February 1, 2011, against Ondřej Pavelec of the Atlanta Thrashers, and finished the season with an impressive rookie total of five goals and 26 points in 62 games.
In his first two NHL seasons, Hamonic was the only Islanders player to finish both seasons with a positive plus-minus rating. In the midst of the 2012–13 NHL lockout, Hamonic returned to the Islanders' affiliate in Bridgeport and posted ten points in 21 games. Following the 2012–13 shortened season, in which he helped the Islanders return to the Stanley Cup playoffs, Hamonic became a restricted free agent; he was rewarded with a seven-year, $27 million contract extension by the Islanders.
Early in the 2015-16 NHL season, it was revealed that Hamonic had requested a trade specifically to Western Canada due to family reasons. GM Garth Snow had known since before the season started, however wasn't able to find a deal that suited the Islanders' needs while accommodating Hamonic's request. After the playoffs, news broke that Hamonic had rescinded his trade request, expressing his desire to remain an Islander with the news that his family situation had "stabilized".
On October 12, 2016, Hamonic was named as an alternate captain for the upcoming season.
Calgary Flames
On June 24, 2017, Travis Hamonic was traded to the Calgary Flames from the New York Islanders for a first-round draft pick (used on Noah Dobson) and two second-round draft picks. On April 23, 2018, Hamonic was nominated for the King Clancy Memorial Trophy as a player who best exemplifies leadership qualities on and off the ice and gives back to his community.
Following the Flames 2018–19 season opener loss to the Vancouver Canucks on October 3, 2018, Hamonic was placed on injured reserve to recover from a facial fracture following a fight with Erik Gudbranson. He was activated from injured reserve on October 25. On July 10, 2020, Hamonic announced he opted-out of the 2020 Stanley Cup playoffs due to concerns surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic.
Vancouver Canucks
As a free agent from the Flames, Hamonic remained un-signed entering training camp for the delayed 2020–21 season. On January 4, 2021, he agreed to an invitation to attend the Vancouver Canucks training camp on a professional tryout basis. Nearing the conclusion of camp, Hamonic agreed to a one-year, $1.25 million contract with the Canucks on January 12, 2021.
Ottawa Senators
On March 20, 2022, the Canucks traded Hamonic to the Ottawa Senators in exchange for a 2022 third-round pick.
Personal life
Hamonic, who is of Metis ancestry, grew up on Hamonic Farms in Manitoba, mostly farming with his dad and, at the age of five, discovered ice hockey. When he was ten years old, his father Gerald died due to a major heart attack. A year after that, Hamonic and his family moved to Winnipeg, where he continued thriving at hockey. He said it was his getaway from the thoughts of losing his father. He grew up in a religious family and during his time with the Islanders, he wore number 3 as a sign of the Holy Trinity (although Hamonic wore number 36 during his rookie season with the Islanders and later number 24 with the Calgary Flames and number 27 with the Vancouver Canucks). ESPN2 series E:60 did a feature on Hamonic titled "In the Name of the Father," an inspirational segment on Hamonic's story.
Community involvement
Hamonic and his wife, Stephanie, are active in many First Nations communities. During the 2016–17 off season, Hamonic worked with a television show called "Hit The Ice" to give assistance and exposure to young First Nations hockey prospects as they participated in a two-week NHL-format training camp for a chance to be seen by junior hockey scouts.
Hamonic and his wife also take part in The Northern Project initiative which provides Indigenous children from the Northwest Territories, Nunavut and Yukon the opportunity to visit Calgary. At the conclusion of the 2016–17 season, Hamonic was awarded the Foundation Player Award for his D-Partner Program, where he invited children to games who had lost parents, a program which he continued in Calgary.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Abbotsford Canucks players
Brandon Wheat Kings players
Bridgeport Sound Tigers players
Calgary Flames players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Canadian people of Croatian descent
Canadian people of Métis descent
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Métis sportspeople
Moose Jaw Warriors players
New York Islanders draft picks
New York Islanders players
Ottawa Senators players
People from Eastman Region, Manitoba
Vancouver Canucks players
The 1994 Italian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 51st edition of the Italian Open, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1994 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1994 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Foro Italico in Rome, Italy. The women's tournament was played from May 2 through May 8, 1994, and the men's tournament was played from May 9 through May 16, 1994.
Finals
Men's singles
Pete Sampras defeated Boris Becker, 6–1, 6–2, 6–2
It was Pete Sampras' 7th title of the year and his 28th overall. It was his 3rd Masters title of the year and his 5th overall.
Women's singles
Conchita Martínez defeated Martina Navratilova, 7–6, 6–4
It was Conchita Martinez's 2nd title of the year and her 18th overall. It was her 2nd Tier I title of the year and her 4th overall. It was her 2nd title at the event, also winning in 1993.
Men's doubles
Yevgeny Kafelnikov / David Rikl defeated Wayne Ferreira / Javier Sánchez, 6–1, 7–5
Women's doubles
Gigi Fernández / Natasha Zvereva defeated Gabriela Sabatini / Brenda Schultz, 6–1, 6–3
External links
WTA Tour Final Results: 1971-2007
Vagrant Island is the northern of two islands just west of Rambler Island in the Bragg Islands, lying in Crystal Sound about north of Cape Rey, Graham Land. Mapped from surveys by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) (1958–59). The name derives from association with Rambler Island.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Laura Bergnéhr (died 1852) was a Swedish actress. She is known as the mistress of king Charles XV of Sweden.
Laura Bergnéhr was the daughter of lieutenant Lars August Bergnéhr and the courtesan Lovisa Spångberg (her mother later married the nobleman and court official Axel Fredrik Liljenstolpe), and the cousin of Zelma Hedin and Leocadie Gerlach.
Bergnéhr was an actress and made her debut at the Mindre teatern in 1847. Among her roles there where Cordelia in King Lear. Her stage career, however, seems to have been moderate. She and her three sisters where reportedly well known courtesans in mid 19th-century Stockholm with clientele among the upper classes, "the same and in a similar way famed as the eight Löf sisters", that is to say as the famed courtesan-actress Fredrica Löf and her sisters.
Laura Bergnéhr are most known as the mistress of crown prince Charles: he referred to her as ”Signora Farali” and stated that he would create a new word, "faral", which was "meant to signify and replace the word morality".
References
Svenska millionärer. Minnen och anteckningar / 1
https://www.adelsvapen.com/genealogi/Liljenstolpe_nr_2151
Nordensvan, Georg, Svensk teater och svenska skådespelare från Gustav III till våra dagar. Andra delen, 1842–1918, Bonnier, Stockholm, 1918
1852 deaths
Mistresses of Charles XV
19th-century Swedish actresses
Swedish stage actresses
Swedish courtesans
Colonel James Archibald Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, 1st Baron Wharncliffe, PC (6 October 1776 – 19 December 1845) was a British soldier and politician. A grandson of Prime Minister John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute, he held office under Sir Robert Peel as Lord Privy Seal between 1834 and 1835 and as Lord President of the Council between 1841 and 1845.
Background and education
Stuart-Wortley was the son of Colonel James Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, son of John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute and his wife Mary Wortley-Montagu, Baroness Mountstuart in her own right, daughter of Edward Wortley Montagu and Lady Mary Pierrepont. His father had assumed the additional surname of Wortley as heir to his mother, taking later also that of Mackenzie (which his son in later life discarded) as heir to his great-uncle James Stuart-Mackenzie of Rosehaugh. Stuart-Wortley's mother was Margaret, daughter of Lieutenant-General Sir David Cunynghame, 3rd Baronet. He was educated at Charterhouse School.
Military career
Stuart-Wortley was commissioned into the 48th Foot in 1790, transferred to the 7th Foot in 1791, and purchased a Captaincy in the 72nd Foot in 1793. He was promoted Lieutenant-Colonel in 1797 and became Colonel of the 12th Foot six months later. In 1797 he transferred to the Grenadier Guards, but resigned his commission in 1801.
Political career
Stuart-Wortley sat as Tory Member of Parliament for the rotten borough of Bossiney in Cornwall between 1802 and 1818, when he was returned for Yorkshire. His attitude on various questions became gradually more liberal, and his support of Catholic Emancipation lost him his seat in 1826. He was then raised to the peerage as Baron Wharncliffe, of Wortley in the County of York, a recognition both of his previous parliamentary activity and of his high position among the country gentlemen.
In 1831, as political tempers ran high over the issue of Reform, Wharncliffe succeeded in opening channels of communication between the Government and the Opposition. Greville noted in his diary on 19 November 1831 that:”Wharncliffe has neither wealth, influence, nor superior abilities, nor even popularity with his own party. He is a spirited, sensible, zealous, honorable, consistent country gentleman; their knowledge of his moderation and integrity induced Ministers to commit themselves to him, and he will thus be in all probability enabled to render an essential service to his country…” He at first opposed the 1832 Reform Bill but, having come to see the undesirability of a popular conflict, separated himself from the Tories (with a number of colleagues, collectively known as "the Waverers") and took an important part in modifying the attitude of the peers and helping to pass the bill, though his attempts at amendment only resulted in his pleasing neither party. He became Lord Privy Seal in Sir Robert Peel's short 1834 to 1835 ministry, and again joined him in 1841 as Lord President of the Council, a post he held until 1845. In 1834 he was sworn of the Privy Council.
In 1837 Lord Wharncliffe brought out an edition of the writings of his ancestress, Lady Mary Wortley Montagu.
Family
Lord Wharncliffe married Lady Elizabeth Caroline Mary Crichton (1779–1856), daughter of John Crichton, 1st Earl Erne and his second wife Lady Mary Hervey on 30 March 1799. They had five children:
John Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, 2nd Baron Wharncliffe (1801–1855)
Hon. Charles Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie (1802–1844)
Hon. Caroline Mary Stuart-Wortley (1803-1806)
Hon. James Archibald Stuart-Wortley (1805–1881), Solicitor-General
Hon. Caroline Jane Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie (1809-12 June 1876), married on 30 August 1830 Hon. John Chetwynd-Talbot (1806–1852)
Lord Wharncliffe died in December 1845, aged 69, and was succeeded in the barony by his eldest son, John, whose son Edward, 3rd Baron was created Earl of Wharncliffe in 1876. Lady Wharncliffe died in April 1856.
References
External links
1776 births
1845 deaths
People educated at Charterhouse School
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
48th Regiment of Foot officers
Royal Fusiliers officers
72nd Highlanders officers
Suffolk Regiment officers
Grenadier Guards officers
Lord-Lieutenants of the West Riding of Yorkshire
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, James
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Lord Presidents of the Council
Lords Privy Seal
James
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Peers of the United Kingdom created by George IV
Marko Mihojević (; born 21 April 1996) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for 1. Lig club Göztepe and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
Mihojević started his professional career at Leotar, before joining Sarajevo in 2014. Four years later, he moved to PAOK, who loaned him to OFI later that year and to Erzgebirge Aue in 2019. In 2020, he signed with Göztepe.
A former youth international for Bosnia and Herzegovina, Mihojević made his senior international debut in 2018.
Club career
Early career
Mihojević came through youth academy of his hometown club Leotar. He made his professional debut against GOŠK Gabela on 6 October 2012 at the age of 16.
Sarajevo
In July 2014, Mihojević joined Sarajevo on a four-year deal. On 28 February 2015, he made his official debut for the side against Zvijezda Gradačac. He won his first trophy with the club on 30 May, when they were crowned league champions.
In June 2017, Mihojević was named team captain.
On 27 August, he scored his first professional goal against Borac Banja Luka.
In November, he extended his contract until June 2020.
PAOK
In January 2018, Mihojević was transferred to Greek outfit PAOK for an undisclosed fee. On 5 May, he made his competitive debut for the team against Platanias. He won his first title with the club on 12 May, by beating AEK Athens in Greek Cup final.
In August, Mihojević was sent on a season-long loan to OFI.
In July 2019, he was loaned to German side Erzgebirge Aue until the end of season.
Göztepe
In September 2020, Mihojević signed a three-year deal with Turkish outfit Göztepe. He debuted officially for the side against Fenerbahçe on 18 October. On 16 January 2021, he scored his first goal for the team in a triumph over Konyaspor.
Despite Göztepe's relegation to 1. Lig in April 2022, Mihojević decided to stay at the club.
International career
Mihojević represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at all youth levels.
In January 2018, he received his first senior call-up, for friendly games against the United States and Mexico. He debuted against the former on 28 January.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Sarajevo
Bosnian Premier League: 2014–15
PAOK
Greek Cup: 2017–18
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
People from Trebinje
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina youth international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina under-21 international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Association football central defenders
FK Leotar players
FK Sarajevo players
PAOK FC players
OFI Crete F.C. players
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
Göztepe S.K. footballers
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Super League Greece players
2. Bundesliga players
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Ollathumathi is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan, produced by M. P. Chandrasekhara Pillai, starring Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Madhu and Sheela. The film has a musical score by L. P. R. Varma.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sathyan
Madhu
Sheela
Adoor Bhasi
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Sankaradi
Shobha
Shubha
T. R. Omana
T. S. Muthaiah
Adoor Pankajam
Bahadoor
G. K. Pillai
Indirarani
K. M. Warrier
K. P. Ummer
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kamaladevi
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
M. G. Menon
Meena
S. P. Pillai
Susheela
Soundtrack
The music was composed by L. P. R. Varma with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma, Kumaranasan, Ramachandran, P. Bhaskaran, and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Mountains in Glacier National Park (U.S.) are part of the Rocky Mountains. There are at least 150 named mountain peaks over in Glacier in three mountain ranges--the Clark Range, Lewis Range, Livingston Range. Mount Cleveland at
is the highest peak in the park. Many peaks in Glacier National Park have both English and anglicized versions of native American names. The names listed here reflect the official names in the USGS U.S. Board on Geographic Names database.
Clark Range
The Clark Range is mostly in the Canadian Provinces of Alberta and British Columbia, but a small portion of the range is also in the far northwestern section of the park in Montana.
Long Knife Peak - ;
Lewis Range
The Lewis Range traverses the park in a generally north to south direction on the eastern side of the continental divide.
Ahern Peak - :
Allen Mountain - :
Almost-a-Dog Mountain - :
Amphitheater Mountain - :
Angel Wing - :
Apikuni Mountain - :
Appistoki Peak - :
Bad Marriage Mountain - :
Battlement Mountain - ;
Bear Mountain - :
Bearhat Mountain - ;
Bearhead Mountain - :
Bishops Cap - :
Blackfoot Mountain - :
Brave Dog Mountain - ;
Calf Robe Mountain - :
Caper Peak - ;
Cathedral Peak - :
Chief Mountain - :
Church Butte - ;
Citadel Mountain - :
Clements Mountain - :
Cloudcroft Peaks - ;
Clyde Peak - :
Cracker - :
Crowfeet Mountain - :
Curly Bear Mountain - :
Divide Mountain - :
Eagle Plume Mountain - :
Eagle Ribs Mountain - ;
Eaglehead Mountain - ;
East Flattop Mountain - :
Edwards Mountain - ;
Elk Mountain - :
Flinsch Peak - :
Fusillade Mountain - :
Gable Mountain - :
Goat Haunt Mountain - :
Goat Mountain - :
Going-to-the-Sun Mountain - :
Grinnell Point - :
Grizzly Mountain - :
Gunsight Mountain - :
Iceberg Peak - :
Ipasha Peak - :
Kaina Mountain - :
Kaiser Point - :
Kootenai Peak - :
Kupunkamint Mountain - :
Little Chief Mountain - :
Little Dog Mountain - :
Little Matterhorn - :
Lone Walker Mountain - :
Mad Wolf Mountain - :
Mahtotopa Mountain - :
Matahpi Peak - :
McClintock Peak - :
Medicine Grizzly Peak - ;
Medicine Owl Peak - :
Miche Wabun Peak - :
Mount Brown -;
Mount Cannon - ;
Mount Cleveland - :
Mount Despair - ;
Mount Doody - ;
Mount Ellsworth - :
Mount Gould - :
Mount Grinnell - :
Mount Helen - :
Mount Henkel - :
Mount Henry - :
Mount Jackson - :
Mount James - :
Mount Kipp - :
Mount Logan - :
Mount Merritt - :
Mount Morgan - :
Mount Oberlin - ;
Mount Phillips - ;
Mount Pinchot - ;
Mount Rockwell - :
Mount Saint Nicholas -;
Mount Siyeh - :
Mount Stimson - ;
Mount Thompson - ;
Mount Wilbur - :
Natoas Peak - :
Never Laughs Mountain - :
Norris Mountain - :
Peril Peak - ;
Piegan Mountain - :
Pollock Mountain - :
Pyramid Peak - :
Razoredge Mountain - ;
Red Crow Mountain - :
Red Eagle Mountain - :
Red Mountain - :
Reynolds Mountain - :
Rising Wolf Mountain - :
Salvage Mountain - ;
Sarcee Mountain - :
Seward Mountain - :
Shaheeya Peak - :
Sheep Mountain - ;
Sherburne Peak - :
Sinopah Mountain - :
Split Mountain - :
Stoney Indian Peaks - :
Summit Mountain - :
Swiftcurrent Mountain - :
Triple Divide Peak - :
Tinkham Mountain -;
Vigil Peak - ;
Wahcheechee Mountain - :
Walton Mountain - ;
White Calf Mountain - :
Wolftail Mountain - ;
Wynn Mountain - :
Yellow Mountain - :
Livingston Range
The Livingston Range traverses the park in a generally north to south direction in the northwestern portions of the park.
Anaconda Peak - ;
Boulder Peak - ;
Campbell Mountain - :
Chapman Peak - ;
Heavens Peak - ;
Kinnerly Peak - ;
Kintla Peak - ;
Logging Mountain - ;
Longfellow Peak -;
McPartland Mountain - ;
Mount Carter - ;
Mount Custer - ;
Mount Geduhn -;
Mount Peabody - ;
Mount Vaught - ;
Nahsukin Mountain - :
Numa Peak - ;
Olson Mountain - ;
Parke Peak - ;
Paul Bunyans Cabin - ;
Rainbow Peak - ;
Redhorn Peak - ;
Reuter Peak - ;
Shaheeya Peak -
Square Peak - ;
The Guardhouse - ;
Thunderbird Mountain - :
Vulture Peak (Montana) - ;
Further reading
Notes
Lists of mountain ranges of the United States
Glacier
.
.
Jamie Records is a record label founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1956 by Harold Lipsius (1913–2007) and Allan Sussel (1924–2003). Their first 45rpm single, "It's Great to Fall in Love"/"Truly" by Marian Caruso, was issued in 1956. The label was named after Allan Sussel's eldest daughter, Jamie Sussel Turner.
History
The label became popular in 1958 with the release of Duane Eddy's "Rebel Rouser"/"Stalkin'", which reached No. 6 on the Billboard Hot 100. Eddy became the mainstay Jamie artist, recording hit after hit, including "Because They're Young" (No. 4) and "Forty Miles of Bad Road" (No. 9). Eddy's last Jamie single "Runaway Pony"/"Just Because" was issued in 1962.
The Jordan Brothers also recorded for Jamie, hailing from Frackville, Pennsylvania. Their first release was "Send Me Your Picture" and their biggest hit, "Gimme Some Lovin'", was released in the US before the more successful version by the Spencer Davis Group. The Jordans toured with Dick Clark's Caravan of Stars buses tour and appeared on Philadelphia and New Jersey-based TV shows.
The last major charting record on Jamie was released in 1966, when the label issued Crispian St. Peters' "The Pied Piper" in the US (No. 4). Afterwards, the hits came out on their subsidiary labels: "Boogaloo Down Broadway" by the Fantastic Johnny C (No. 7 pop and No. 5 R&B, in 1967) and "The Horse" by Cliff Nobles & Co. (No. 2, No. 2 R&B in 1968) on the Phil-L.A. of Soul label; Brenda and the Tabulations' "Dry Your Eyes" (No. 20, No. 8 R&B) on the Dionn label, 1967; and "Love (Can Make You Happy)" by Mercy which reached No. 2 pop in 1969, on the Sundi label.
Subsidiary labels
Arctic
Caldwell
Carney
Charay
Chestnut
Day Dell
DePlace
Dionn
Dome
Dynamo
First Amendment
Frantic
Golden Eagle
Gong Show
Hercules
House of Orange
Important
Jamie Golden Hits (reissue label)
Junior
Lancelot
LA
La Louisianne
Landa
Le Cam
Lyndell
Montel
MSL
Olympia
Palm
Phil-L.A. of Soul
Philomega
The Phoenix
Pic 1
Poogie
Roc-Ker
Romulus
Ru-Jac
Showtime
Silver Dollar
Soft
Spindletop
Stone
Sundi
Swamp Dogg Presents
Talley-Ho
Tear Drop
Terri
Three Speed
Tiris
Thunderball
Top and Bottom
Turn Ray
Uptown
V-Tone
Vent
Wale
William Hart Corporation
Wilson
Roster
Craig Alden
Arthur K. Adams
Rex Allen
Tony Allen and the Wonders
Anthony and the Sophomores
Yvonne Baker
Chuck Barris (Gong Show Records)
Barry and the Vikings
Jesse Belvin
Billy and the Essentials
Umberto Bindi
Warren Bloom & Sea of Galilee Singers
Neil Brian
Norman Brooks
Don Blyer and the Tuesdaynighters
Bobby Bond
Bobby Bradshaw
Brenda & the Tabulations
Jimmy Briggs
Joe Brown
Gerald Calvi Orchestra
Anita Carter
Carolyn Carter
Marian Caruso
Pierre Cavalli Orchestra
Savannah Churchill
Claudine Clark
Sanford Clark
Johnny Colmus
Connie Conway
Don Costa
Pal Crawford
Pee Wee Crayton
Chuck Crayne
Ann D'Andrea
Jack Dailey
Jim Dale
Dale & Grace (Montel)
Glenn Darrell Orchestra and Chorus
Mac Davis
Robert Byrd (Bobby Day) and his Birdies
Alan Dean and His Problems
Roland Dice
Johnny Dorelli
Dorothy and the Hesitations
Lyn Earlington
Duane Eddy
Edge of Darkness
Emily Evans
Denny Ezba's Gold
Raymond Le Fevre Orchestra
Ernie Fields Orchestra
Dallas Frazier
Don Forbes
Girard Gregory
Peter Hamilton
Curly Hamner & the Cooper Brothers
Lee Hazlewood
Pervis Herder
Heroes of Cranberry Farm
Ben Higgins
Billy Jean Horton
Darrell Howe
Howie
Pookie Hudson
Leon Huff
Jimmy Hughes
Burt Jackson
Mark James Trio
Marke Johnson
Marvin & Johnny
Miriam Johnson
Johnny Angel and the Creations
Johnny and the High Keys
Al Jones
Roosevelt Jones
Dick Jordan
Jennie Jordan
Alexandrow Karazov
Joey Kay
Ray Kennedy
Pepe Lattanzi
Pat Leahy
Steve Lee
Sylvia De Leion
Tony Liss
Ricky Livid and the Tone Deafs
Shorty Long & the Santa Fe Rangers
Barbara Lynn
Magic Reign
Rosalie Mann
Mae Maria and the Maybees
Marlena
Mashmakhan
Barbara Mason
Lee Maye (aka Arthur Lee Maye and the Crowns)
Tommy McLain (MSL)
Johnny Mendell
Mercy
Microbop Ensemble
Stephen Monahan
Chris Montez
Carol Murray
New Hope
Cliff Nobles (Phil-LA of Soul)
Jacky Noguez and His Orchestra
Cindy Owens
Pal and the Prophets
Tony Panassi
Johnny Pearson Orchestra
Bobby Peterson
Bobby Please and the Pleasers
Jamie Power
Donna Prima
Rita Raines
Denny Randall
Anita Ray
Chuck Reed
Rick and the Keens
Floyd Robinson
Mark Robinson
Wayne Rooks
Dean Scott
Ray Sharpe
Timmy Shaw
Jon Sisco
Spilt Milk
Crispian St. Peters
Lincoln Starr
Jerry Stevens
Gene Summers
Sunny & The Sunliners (Tear Drop Records)
Arthur Thomas
Tommo and the Ding Dongs
Mitchell Torok
Titus Turner
Dick Van Dyke
Jimmy Velvit (Tear Drop Records)
Los Vivos
Bill Wright Sr.
C.L. Weldon and the Pictures
Wheel of Fortune
Marty Wilde and the Wild Cats
J. Frank Wilson
Sue Winford
The Aubrey Twins
The Ballistics
The Beatle-ettes
The Blackwells
The Chell-Mars
The Cole Brothers
The Combo Kings
The Creations
The Dantes
The Dovells
The Emotional Upsets
The Fantastic Johnny C (Phil-LA of Soul)
The Five Chords
The Four J's
The Four-Evers
The Goodlettsville Five
The Inspirations
The Intentions
The Intros
The Jordan Brothers
The Key Brothers
The Kit Kats
The Legends
The Lolly-Pops
The Looters
The Lords of T.O.N.K.
The Matadors
The Mechanics
The New Breed
The New Silhouettes
The Pentagons
The Ragin' Storms
The Rainbows
The Revels
The Riffs
The Scamps
The Sharps
The Sheiks
The Sherrys
The Showstoppers (Showtime)
The Sonics
The Statesmen
The Sundowners
The Teenmakers
The Timberland Four
The Tritones
The Tygers
The Velaires
The Waldron Sisters
The Wil-Ettes
Shira
See also
List of record labels
References
Notes
Inline citations
External links
Official Jamie Records website
Record labels established in 1957
American independent record labels
Rhythm and blues record labels
Rock and roll record labels
IFPI members
"Mobile Homer" is the thirteenth episode of the sixteenth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It was first broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on March 20, 2005. In the episode, Marge saves money for life insurance, worried about Homer after a near-fatal incident and his bad medical history. Angered by his wife's new measures to cut back financially, Homer spends the savings on a motor home, which he spends most of his time in and causes a rift between them.
The episode was written by Tim Long, and was the first to be directed by Raymond S. Persi.
Plot
While Marge takes the children on a leisurely Sunday afternoon drive (that the kids don't enjoy), Homer is forced to clean the garage at home. He accidentally gets spiders in his throat, and his neck is almost crushed by the garage door. When his family gets home, a suffocated Homer is saved by CPR by Lisa and Bart (via wrestling). After the incident, Marge insists that the family buy life insurance, but Homer is deemed impossible to insure because of his poor medical history; even boasting that he smokes to impress the consultant, a lie that fails to convince her. After watching a melodramatic "inspired by real-life" made-for-TV film, Marge decides to save money in a very paranoid way by buying imitation brands of cereal and coffee, and convinces Maggie to conserve her pacifier. Homer, however, becomes upset with Marge's petty attitude (especially when she will not let him spend even false money to buy a single beer) and tries to argue with Marge, remarking that he has the right to use at least a part of the money since he brings it home, but she denies his request, retorting that he does nothing in his job. Homer, now angry about Marge's new measures, takes the money she has saved and makes a down payment on a new motor home. After he buys his motor home, Marge tells Homer to enjoy it because she is not speaking to him.
Homer starts living in the RV, and he and Marge compete for the loyalty of Bart and Lisa. Homer's childlike ways give him an advantage. Homer discovers a convoy of RVs at a gas station, and he invites them to stay in his backyard. Marge, annoyed with their behavior, cuts off their electricity, causing Homer's newfound friends to ditch him. Homer and Marge proceed to get into an all night argument, to the point of Homer calling Marge's bed "a loveless slab of bossiness", and fearing that his parents could split up, Bart decides that he and Lisa should return the RV to the dealership for a full refund, and Lisa agrees.
Discovering that the children and RV are gone, Homer and Marge give chase in the car. Bart and Lisa accidentally get on the freeway and force their parents to kiss before they will pull over. But after they kiss, Bart asks Homer to raise his allowance, which angers Homer, who in turn strangles Bart. Lisa starts to lose control of the RV, which plunges off an uncompleted runaway truck ramp onto a Turkish container ship. The ship is leaving the port, but Marge convinces the captain to turn around after offering him 300 cans of mushroom soup she bought on sale. With their marriage restored, Homer tells Marge that he will return the RV in the morning for the refund, and uses the ship's crane to put the vehicle on a nearby pier. The RV's weight is too much for the pier to handle. So it collapses and sinks in the harbor, much to Homer's dismay, while Marge is unconcerned about the loss of money, because the Turkish sailors put a small amount of hashish in her food to keep her temporarily content.
Song
During the scene with the other RV owners in his backyard, a member of the RV convoy sings a version of Geoff Mack's I've Been Everywhere.
Istanbul (not Constantinople) is featured at the end of the episode, referring to the Turks that picked them up at the end on their cargo ship.
Reception
In its original broadcast, "Mobile Homer" acquired a Nielsen rating of 8.6, and was viewed in 8.6 million households.
Walter J. Keegan, Jr. of TV Squad thought that the episode did not have enough laughs, but did have enough subtle Simpsons humor about SUVs, Turkish sailors, and evil religious icons. He also thought that the idea of Marge filling the viewers in on what Homer does at work (since he is not seen there a lot anymore) was good, while his most puzzling moment was Bart's drawing of Homer.
References
External links
The Simpsons (season 16) episodes
2005 American television episodes
Farewell to the King is a 1989 American action adventure drama film written and directed by John Milius. It stars Nick Nolte, Nigel Havers, Frank McRae, and Gerry Lopez and is loosely based on the 1969 novel L'Adieu au Roi by Pierre Schoendoerffer. Longtime Milius collaborator Basil Poledouris composed the musical score.
Plot
During World War II, American deserter Learoyd escapes a Japanese firing squad. Hiding in the wilds of Borneo, Learoyd is adopted by a head-hunting tribe of Dayaks, who consider him divine because of his blue eyes. Before long, Learoyd is the reigning king of the Dayaks. When British soldiers approach him to rejoin the war against the Japanese, Learoyd resists. When his own tribe is threatened by the invaders, Learoyd decides to fight for their rights and to protect their independence.
Main cast
Nick Nolte as Learoyd
Nigel Havers as Captain Fairbourne
James Fox as Colonel Ferguson
Marilyn Tokuda as Yoo
Frank McRae as Sergeant Tenga
Aki Aleong as Colonel Mitamura
Marius Weyers as Sergeant Conklin
William Wise as Dynamite Dave
Gerry Lopez as Gwai
Elan Oberon as Vivienne
Choy Chang Wing as Lian
Richard Morgan as Stretch Lewis
John Bennett Perry as General Douglas MacArthur
Michael Nissman as General Sutherland
Wayne Pygram as Bren Armstrong
Production
Original novel
Pierre Schoendoerffer originally wrote the story as a film script. He then turned it into a novel, which was published in 1969 and became the best seller in France, selling over 300,000 copies in hardback. He made the lead character Irish because "the Irish are mad and I like mad people."
"I was wanting to make a great symphonic book on life and death: on how a man can struggle until the very end, without hope and without reason, just to be alive, even though half dead., even though suffering terribly, because life is so powerful. But on the other hand I was wanting to show that if suddenly a man discovers that he is not fulfilling his dream, then he does not want to live anymore."
The story had some basis in historical fact - Tom Harrisson's stay with the Dayaks during the Second World War was the inspiration for much of what happened in the novel along with the allied drop behind Japanese lines known as Operation Semut.
Development
The film was originally going to be made in 1972, directed by Schoendoerffer and produced by Robert Dorfman, starring Donald Sutherland. However, it was not made. John Milius was interested in the themes of the book. In 1976, he said:
"I liked the story because it was such a wonderful Kiplingesque adventure tale," Milius later said. "It was a theme I always respond to, a guy living free in the wild, and the world catching up to him. In many ways it's similar to Jeremiah Johnson. I thought if I kept plugging away at it, sooner or later I'd get to do it."
Milius announced he would make the film in 1984. Milius described the film as his "most ambitious work - something I've wanted to do for 15 years... It's a story that explores loyalties, concepts of freedom and justice. And contrasts a seemingly violent but also very innocent society with the most corrupt society of them all, the outside world.
"I have always wanted to write this story," Milius added. "Learoyd is a character who could have come out of one of those barbershop magazines of the '50s: 'I fought the (Japanese) with the headhunters in Borneo where I was king.' He's sitting on a throne with sloe-eyed beauties all around—a mai tai in one hand, a Thompson submachine gun in the other. There is some sort of primitive appeal in that to all of us. But the studios were never very excited about it. I don't know if they are now."
"You wouldn't call `Farewell to the King' a right-wing establishment movie, it's certainly not in favor of empire," said Milius. "I think this movie is the most honest depiction of my politics. It's also hopelessly romantic: I'm just a romantic fool."
Nick Nolte was cast in the lead for a fee of $3 million.
"Thirty years ago it would have been Robert Mitchum," said Milius. "He was an average, proletarian man, not upper class. Leroyd was a slob in paradise. He was a deserter, troublemaker, a '30s labor organizer, the sort of loveable guy that had great ideals, much more than Nigel [Havers, who plays the botanist], who has all the refinement of culture and empire. He looks at this guy and realizes that he is a great man."
"I would say it's a film about loyalty and trust, freedom and justice," said Nolte. "And it compares a savage but innocent society to the outside world which is the most corrupt society of all."
"I'm a story teller," said Milius. "I'm a modern technology version of the Borneo tribal storyteller who squats near the fire in the long house and tells his tale. We're all telling the same tale. It's about the struggle of people to survive and, more important, to be free. It's about the necessity of making moral choices - and their costs. But it seems more real when you see where it really happened - and the people it really happened to. It's set in the 1940s and many people lost their freedom in the 1940s and were taking action and having adventures to get it back. Human beings like to hear stories about how they've survived and stayed free."
Filming
Filming started 24 August 1987. The film was shot on location in Borneo (Bau District, Sarawak, Malaysia). Nolte arrived in Borneo a month before filming began. "We could have shot this film in the Philippines for a lot less money", he says. "But this is where it happened. These are the real people. These are real Iban. This is the land of Rajah Brooke. You know, the older I get, the more I feel I am like a Viking."
"This is a tough film, but you kind of like the toughness of it here", said Milius on location. "This is an adventure. If you're a romantic like me, you think of yourself out building the Panama Canal, or being the Rajah Brooke. You can't think of that if you're in a rainstorm in the San Fernando Valley."
Milius' then-girlfriend played Haver's fiancée.
Editing
Post-production was to be done in England but the falling US dollar meant that it was done in Los Angeles. According to Milius, the film was his best movie but it was "completely cut to pieces" by executives at the studio. In February 1989 he said, "Orion isn't behind it. They don't think it is going to be big at the box office. You put all the sweat and blood you can into it, and the outcome is whatever happens."
Milius would have liked to have been able to exceed the two-hour running time limit by 10 minutes, and preferred his silent action sequences accompanied by Basil Poledouris music over the release print's realistic, percussive sound effects. "The music was played down," he said. "It was a beautiful score. The producers' attitude is: `We paid for the gunshot, let's hear it.'" He was also unhappy the edit removed how Learoyd managed to unify the Dyak tribes by getting the women to hold a sex strike. He later said
[The film] was thrown away. I, as usual, was attacked viciously but in time it's come to be regarded as one of my best. In a way - I don't know why - I guess this film is more heartfelt than anything I've done since Big Wednesday... The producers - Al Ruddy and Andre Morgan - who are friends of mine now - were lied to by Orion executives. They did a very careful divide-and-conquer and turned us against each other. They [Ruddy and Morgan] would love to recut it the way I wanted... We'd all love to recut that movie and rerelease it.
Mike Medavoy, Milius' former agent who was head of Orion Pictures at the time, wrote in 2002 that:
Many things stopped Farewell to the King from being successful. There were endless arguments between Al and John, and between John and us over the cutting of the film. John ended up being mad at me for years, but we've become close friends again. In the end, the film just didn't play. Perhaps audiences weren't ready to see a white soldier become the king of an indigenous tribe in Borneo. It was one of a group of daring Orion movies that didn't make money but, in retrospect, is a movie we are all very proud to have been a part of.
Reception
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes retrospectively collected reviews from 11 critics and gave the film a score of 55%, with an average rating of 5.5 out of 10.
Roger Ebert gave the film 3/4 stars. Ebert praised Nolte for his skill as actor, and his ability to inhabit a role rather than merely visit.
Milius later said he felt he had made a "great film".
DVD
Farewell to the King was released to DVD by MGM Home Entertainment on 6 June 2006.
References
External links
Review of film at The New York Times
Review of film at The Washington Post
Review of film at Los Angeles Times
Review of film at the Quietus
1989 films
1980s action drama films
1980s action adventure films
1989 independent films
1980s war films
American adventure drama films
Films based on French novels
American independent films
Orion Pictures films
American World War II films
Films set in the 1940s
War adventure films
American war drama films
Pacific War films
Films scored by Basil Poledouris
Films directed by John Milius
Films with screenplays by John Milius
Films set in Borneo
Films about royalty
1989 drama films
Japan in non-Japanese culture
Films about deserters
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Skimmianine is a furoquinoline alkaloid found in Skimmia japonica, a flowering plant in family Rutaceae that is native to Japan and China. It is also a strong acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor.
Biosynthesis
The biosynthesis of skimmianine starts from anthranilic acid, which is very abundant in the family Rutaceae. By combining anthranilic acid acetate, anthraniloyl-CoA is formed as a starting unit and able to extend side chain by adding malonyl-CoA by Claisen condensation. Next, lactam is formed through the cyclization and generate a heterocyclic system, leading the dienol tautomer adopt the 4-hydroxy quinolone tautomer, which is 4-hydroxy-2-quinolone.
With the formation of quinolone, alkylation is happening at C-3 position by introducing dimethylallyl diphosphate. Another key step is the cyclization on the dimethylallyl sidechain, forming a new heterocyclic five-member-ring. Platydesmine is then forming an intermediate through the oxidative cleavage reaction by losing an isopropyl group to form dictamine. Finally, skimmianine is formed through the hydroxylation of dictamine.
References
Quinoline alkaloids
Furans
Plant toxins
Luo Heng (, 6 October 1911 – 20 February 1984) was a Chinese politician. She was among the first group of women elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1948.
Biography
Luo was born Luo Yunying in in Yunnan Province. She attended a private school in and a Girls' Normal School in Kunming. After finishing school, she attended a women's teaching college. Her parents arranged a marriage, but she refused. When her parents sent people to Kunming to bring her back, she changed her name to Luo Heng, cut her hair short and began wearing men's clothes. She fled to Vietnam and travelled to Peking via Hong Kong and Shanghai, where she unsuccessfully attempted to find her brother Luo Jiakai, who was studying at Peking University. She never married and continued to wear men's clothing for the rest of her life.
She began studying at Peking China University, where she became an admirer of Sun Yat-sen. When the Kuomintang began organising for the Northern Expedition in Guangzhou, Luo travelled to the city and requested to be admitted to the women's workshop. However, she was rejected due to her wearing men's clothes. Her argument with the workshop leader was overheard by Soong Ching-ling, who arranged for Luo to enter the training school. She was joined by another brother Jiamo, who was also fleeing an arranged marriage. After graduating from the school, she joined the Northern Expedition, engaging in propaganda work. In 1927 the Kuomintang sent her back to Yunnan to organise the provincial branch of the party. She subsequently relocated to Nanjing to work in the party's central office, where she became the personal secretary of Soong Mei-ling.
In 1929 Luo travelled to France, where she studied at the University of Paris. She returned to China in 1938 and during the Second Sino-Japanese War was given responsibility for looking after invalids and became dean of the Nanjing School in Kunmin. After the war she was a delegate to the 1946 that drew up the constitution of the Republic of China. She subsequently ran as a Kuomintang candidate in Yunnan in the 1948 elections to the Legislative Yuan, and was elected to parliament. She relocated to Taiwan during the Chinese Civil War, where she remained a member of the Legislative Yuan until her death in 1984.
References
1911 births
University of Paris alumni
Members of the Kuomintang
20th-century Chinese women politicians
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
1984 deaths
Raja Bersiong (King of the Fanged Wings) is a 1968 Malaysian historical epic film in Malay directed by Jamil Sulong and based on a story by former Malaysian Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman. Despite costing RM 750,000 to produce, ten times the cost of the average Malaysian film, it was a flop at the box-office.
The story is loosely based on historical myth Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa, first told about pre-Islamic Kedah that was once ruled by Raja Ong Maha Perita Deria The story is very popular and has been filmed two other times, in 1963 and 1968. It has also been staged as a theatrical production by the Petronas Performing Arts Group.
Synopsis (Raja Bersiong 1963)
A King and his troops came across a town called Kampung Gading. There, they meet a strong but mute and deaf man named Badang, who is the personal servant of a young woman named Chomel. The King pretended to be a normal guard as part of a plan to lure Badang to become his personal protector and Chomel to become his wife. His plan worked and he married Chomel and Badang left to work for him.
Some time later, the king's appetite changed. At dinner one night, he commends the cook for the delicious dish and asked what the main ingredient was. The cook was forced to reveal that the unusual taste was due to his (the cook's) own blood, which had dropped into the dish when his hand was bleeding. The king deduced that the blood was the ingredient to make all his food delicious and commanded that all his food be cooked in human blood from then on. His taste for blood grew so intense that over time he grew fangs and began attacking his own people to feast on them. When people began dying to satisfy the King's thirst for blood, his subjects revolted and the King was killed by them.
References
External links
https://www.webcitation.org/query?url=http://www.geocities.com/sunsetstrip/balcony/5275/filem/r/raja_bersiong.html&date=2009-10-25+22:30:23
1968 films
Malaysian horror films
Malay-language films
Malay Film Productions films
Historical epic films
Films about cannibalism
Hendrikus Andreas Lambertus "Henk" van Hoof (born 9 November 1947) is a retired Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and naval officer.
Van Hoof served in the Royal Netherlands Navy from April 1965 until May 1981 and as a trade union leader for the Royal Association of Navy Officers from May 1981 until November 1991 and served as General-Secretary from July 1990 until November 1991. Van Hoof became a Member of the House of Representatives after Henk Koning was appointed as President of the Court of Audit, taking office on 5 November 1991. After the election of 1998 Van Hoof was appointment as State Secretary for Defence in the Cabinet Kok II, taking office on 3 August 1998. The Cabinet Kok II resigned on 16 April 2002 following the conclusions of the NIOD report into the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian War and continuing to serve in a demissionary capacity. After the election of 2002 Van Hoof returned as a Member of the House of Representatives, taking office on 23 May 2002. Following the cabinet formation of 2002 Van Hoof was not giving a cabinet post in the new cabinet and the Cabinet Kok II was replaced by the Cabinet Balkenende I on 22 July 2002. In Augustus 2002 Van Hoof announced that he wouldn't stand for the election of 2003 and continued to serve until the end of the parliamentary term on 30 January 2003. In August 2003 Van Hoof was appointed as acting Mayor of Delfzijl after acting Mayor Annemarie Jorritsma was nominated as Mayor of Almere, serving from 16 August 2003 until 1 May 2004. Van Hoof was appointment as State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment in the Cabinet Balkenende II after Mark Rutte was appointment as State Secretary for Education, Culture and Science, taking office on 17 June 2004. The Cabinet Balkenende II fell on 30 June 2006 and continued to serve in a demissionary capacity until it was replaced by the caretaker Cabinet Balkenende III with Van Hoof continuing as State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment, taking office on 7 July 2006. In August 2006 Van Hoof announced his retirement from national politics and that he wouldn't stand for the election of 2006. The Cabinet Balkenende III was replaced by the Cabinet Balkenende IV on 22 February 2007.
Van Hoof retired from active politic and became active in the private sector and public sector and occupies numerous seats as a corporate director and nonprofit director on several boards of directors and supervisory boards (Limburg Secondary Education association, Stichting Pensioenfonds Zorg en Welzijn) and as a trade association executive for the Industry and Employers confederation (VNO-NCW).
Decorations
References
External links
Official
H.A.L. (Henk) van Hoof Parlement & Politiek
1947 births
Living people
Dutch corporate directors
Dutch lobbyists
Dutch nonprofit directors
Dutch Roman Catholics
Dutch school administrators
Dutch trade association executives
Dutch trade union leaders
Mayors in Groningen (province)
People from Delfzijl
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Officers of the Order of Orange-Nassau
People from Maasgouw
People from Nijmegen
People's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
State Secretaries for Defence of the Netherlands
State Secretaries for Social Affairs of the Netherlands
Royal Netherlands Naval College alumni
Royal Netherlands Navy officers
20th-century Dutch military personnel
20th-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch businesspeople
21st-century Dutch politicians
Jannie totsiens is a 1970 South African psychological horror film directed by Jans Rautenbach and starring Cobus Rossouw, Katinka Heyns, Jill Kirkland and Don Leonard. A new arrival to a mental institute is ostracised by the other patients, until they use him as a scapegoat when another patient dies. It has been viewed as representing an allegory of South African society at the time.
Main cast
Hermien Dommisse - Magda
Katinka Heyns - Linda
Jill Kirkland - Liz
Patrick Mynhardt - George
Cobus Rossouw - Jannie Pienaar
Don Leonard
Dulcie Van den Bergh
References
Bibliography
Tomaselli, Keyan. The cinema of apartheid: race and class in South African film. Routledge, 1989.
External links
1970 films
South African horror films
1970s mystery films
Afrikaans-language films
Films directed by Jans Rautenbach
Szczytniki nad Kaczawą is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany and called Pohlschildern.
It lies approximately north-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Kaiyō, Kaifu District, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the third-sector Asa Kaigan Railway and bears the station number "TK29".
Lines
Shishikui Station is served by the Asatō Line and is located 7.6 km from the terminus of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving an elevated track. An unused siding runs alongside but is not connected to the main track. The station building within the elevated structure houses a waiting area and a ticket window. This also doubles as a travel centre and acts as an agent for various types of travel tickets including those for JR Shikoku. The platform has a small shelter for waiting passengers and can be accessed by steps or an elevator. Car and bicycle parking is available and bike rentals are offered.
Just south of the station, a siding branches off the track and leads to the depot of the Asa Kaigan railway.
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on 26 March 1992 by the third sector Asa Kaigan Railway as the only intermediate station along the three station Asatō Line.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 38 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Kaiyo Town Hall Shishikui Government Building
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Asatetsu home page
External links
Asa Kaigan Railway Official website
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1992
Kaiyō, Tokushima
"Slave to the Grind" is a song by American rock band Skid Row, written by bandmates Sebastian Bach, Rachel Bolan, and Dave "The Snake" Sabo. It is title track from their second album, Slave to the Grind (1991), and was released as the album's second single on September 2, 1991. The song reached number 43 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video
The video also got heavy rotation on MTV but was not as successful as previous singles and was not released in the United States.
Track listing
"Slave to the Grind"
"Creepshow"
"C'Mon And Love Me" (originally performed by KISS)
"Beggar's Day"
Charts
References
Skid Row (American band) songs
1991 singles
Atlantic Records singles
Songs against racism and xenophobia
Songs written by Dave Sabo
Songs written by Rachel Bolan
Speed metal songs
Jessop Saville and Company, the Sheffield-based special steelmakers, was founded in 1929 following a merger of J.J.Saville and Co., Limited and William Jessop and Company, both of these being long established in the trade and in the city.
History
William Jessop and Company
Thomas Jessop was born on 30 January 1804 at the family home in Blast Lane, Sheffield. The house was situated next to William Jessop's works, the company, taking the name of the partners, being known as Mitchell, Raikes and Jessop. With expanding markets in the United States, Thomas and his brothers joined the business in 1830 and just two years later the small crucible steelmakers became William Jessop & Sons.
The business moved to a site in the Brightside area of Sheffield and later a works at Kilnhurst was added. The Brightside works eventually covered and included the site of the former water works.
Following the deaths of his father and brothers, Thomas was in sole charge of the business by 1871. The company which was originally established in 1793 became a Limited Company in 1875.
Thomas Jessop died on 30 November 1887 and is buried in Ecclesall Parish Churchyard.
Jessops in America. In 1901, with problems in Sheffield caused by the high price of fuel and an adverse American tariff the company was having difficulty offering competitive prices to its U.S. customers. Following an amalgamation of some U.S. crucible steelmakers, which would make competition even harder, it was considered that a successful melting facility could be set up in the U.S.A. Many British steel-makers considered that the "Made in England" or "Made in Sheffield" marks were a big selling point for their materials, however Jessop's did not hold the view and considered that they could use their Sheffield name on steel which was made in America.
J.J. Saville & Company
J.J.Saville were Sheffield crucible steel and file makers based at Libau Works in the city.
Rationalisation
It was seen in the mid-1960s that some rationalisation was needed within the Sheffield steel industry, particularly steel founding. With respect to this Jessop Saville separated its interests. Similar moves were taking place at Samuel Osborn & Company, Edgar Allen and Company and Hadfields Limited.
The intention was to merge the foundry interests of the four companies to form one large steel foundry with the capability of making castings from a few ounces to 40 tons, with only English Steel Corporation's Grimesthorpe foundry in the city able to make larger. As negotiations were taking place the deal fell through leaving Osbourne's and Hadfield's to merge, with the foundry being located on Hadfield's East Hecla (Vulcan Road) site, and Edgar Allen's to purchase Jessop's, relocating Jessop's special alloy (medium frequency) melting on Edgar's Sheffield Road site and the 3-ton electric furnace at their Imperial Steel Works site.
Whiston Grange Research Centre
Following the end of World War II, Service Camps were set up to house returning troops, Polish soldiers, prisoners of war, teachers and building craftsmen in training. From 1946 Whiston Grange, near Rotherham, was used for this purpose, however, by 1950, it had become a research centre for the company.
Special Steels, Titanium and its alloys.
Research work on Jessop's alloys and special materials for the aerospace industry was carried out in the laboratories, and it was also here that the initial work on the casting of Titanium and its alloys took place. The tie-up with Edgar Allen released foundry space at Brightside Lane and in early 1967 it was decided to convert the research carried out at Whiston Grange into the installation of the world's first commercial casting plant for titanium and titanium alloys on the Brightside Lane site.
In the late 1960s, BSA, the owners of Jessop Saville, sold their titanium interests to IMI who absorbed Jessop's alloys into their range.
Closure
The Brightside Lane site was closed in the late 1980s and cleared. It lay dormant for several years before being sold and laid out as an office park, being known as "Jessop's Riverside".
Up to date
In February 1998, Special Melted Products Limited, a Sheffield-based melting and remelting specialists, and Jessop Saville Limited were acquired by Allegheny Teledyne. Of particular interest to the buyers were Jessops specialist products, particularly their non-magnetic drill collars and downhole components for the oil and gas industry.
Philanthropy
Situated in Figtree Lane, in Sheffield city centre, a hospital for sick women was founded by three local doctors. Having only six beds, later extended to nine, it soon outgrew the building (which still stands and in use as solicitors offices) and a search was made for land on which to build a new hospital. A site was found in Levygreave, then on the edge of the city centre, and in 1875, Thomas Jessop provided the funds to buy the site and build the Jessop Hospital for Sick Women. The hospital, which was opened in 1878, and named after its benefactor, closed in 2000. The site is now being used by the University of Sheffield Biosciences Department and a new women's wing, known as The Jessop Wing, was added to the city's Royal Hallamshire Hospital.
Thomas Jessop, along with others within the city's steel industry, supported the setting up of Sheffield Technical School in 1884. This, in 1905, became the embryo of the University of Sheffield.
References
Steel companies of the United Kingdom
Manufacturing companies based in Sheffield
Defunct companies based in Sheffield
Pooja Ruparel is an Indian actress who appears in Bollywood movies and TV series. She is well known for her iconic role as "Chutki" in Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, one of India's most successful films. She has also acted in a number of plays, apart from being a stand-up comedian and a singer.
Early life and education
Pooja Ruparel was born in Mumbai. She is Bhavna Ruparel's sister and Sonakshi Sinha's cousin. She completed her education in Mumbai and holds a master's degree in Industrial Psychology.
Career
Pooja Ruparel started appearing in Bollywood movies as a child artist in 1993. She first appeared in King Uncle starring Jackie Shroff and Shah Rukh Khan, and gained nationwide popularity through her role as "Chutki" in Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge. Pooja has also acted in a number of movies and TV series ever since, including Amit Sahani Ki List, X: Past Is Present, 24 (Indian TV series) and Zabaan Sambhalke.
Filmography
Films
Television
Discography
See also
Cinema of India
References
External links
Indian child actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
1982 births
Living people
Actresses from Mumbai
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Sierra de Guadarrama National Park (in Spanish: Parque Nacional de la Sierra de Guadarrama) is a national park in Spain, covering nearly 34,000 hectares, the fifth largest in Spain's national parks system. The Guadarrama mountain range (Sistema Central) contains some ecologically valuable areas, located in the Community of Madrid and Castile and León (provinces of Segovia and Ávila). The law that regulates the recently approved national park was published in the BOE in .
Ecology
The project aims to protect the eleven different ecosystems present in the Guadarrama mountains, including the only Iberian examples of "high Mediterranean mountain". Altogether there are more than 1,280 different species in the zone recently declared a national park, of which 13 are in danger of extinction, more than 1,500 native plants and 30 different types of vegetation. The species of animals in the mountains represent 45% of the total fauna of Spain and 18% of European fauna. The vegetation features the Scots pine, the oak, the juniper, the oak and piorno and many other species. As regards fauna, there are many mammals such as deer (red, roe and fallow), wild boar, wild goats, badgers, several mustelidaes, wild cats, foxes, hares, etc.; many species of waterfowl in the reservoirs, and great raptors like the Spanish imperial eagle or the Eurasian black vulture. Recently, a pack of wolves was discovered in the park after a 70-year absence in the region.
History of attempts to designate the park
The Peñalara Mountain climbing society proposed in the 1920s that the Guadarrama mountain range (in Spanish: Sierra de Guadarrama) should be declared a national park. This project had to be put on hold until the beginning of the 21st century, when the Community of Madrid revived the project. In the absence of a designated national park, some areas of the sierra were given alternative protection:
Since 1984 El Escorial has been protected as a World Heritage Site (The Monastery of San Lorenzo de El Escorial and Natural Surroundings).
There is a natural park, the Peñalara Natural Park, designated in 1990. The natural park includes wetland areas which are important for amphibians, and in 2006 these were designated a Ramsar site, Humedales del Macizo de Peñalar. The natural park is within the boundaries of a Special Protection Area for bird-life.
There is a regional park (Parque Regional de la Cuenca Alta del Manzanares), which was created in the 1980s. The area covered by the regional park, the upper Manzanares River basin, was designated in 1992 as a biosphere reserve (Cuenca Alta del Río Manzanares).
As proposed at the beginning of the 21st century, the park would have been the fourth-largest in Spain.
In 2006 it appeared that the designation of the national park was imminent.
A plan for the part of the national park falling within the boundaries of the Community of Madrid was approved in November 2006.
Planning in Castile and Leon
The autonomous community of Castile and León agreed in principle to the inclusion of part of its territory in the proposed national park, but delays in creating the corresponding plan made it appear in early 2008 that the project was being put aside. It was reported in the press that as Castile and León had been suffering from population loss, the regional government was reluctant to restrict development in an area which was attractive to developers because of its proximity to the Spanish capital. However, the arrest of population decline was not the official explanation for lack of progress with the park (although the regional government cited population decline as a reason for supporting development on ecologically valuable sites elsewhere in the autonomous community, such as San Glorio). The reason given publicly for the lack of progress with the national park was a desire to protect the interests of "traditional" uses of the land, including commercial forestry which is prohibited in Spanish national parks. There were indications that Castile and León would prefer its side of the sierra to be given a lower level of protection than implied by national park status (e.g. a natural park, or "regional park").
However, in 2009 Castile and León indicated it would approve a plan for the national park in 2010, albeit a scaled-down version, and this timetable was adhered to. The Community of Madrid made similar proposals for a scaled-down park (see below).
Planning in the Community of Madrid
In late 2008 the Community of Madrid proposed to reduce the size of the Madrid portion of the national park, citing the interests of "traditional" uses of the land which might be restricted by planning regulations. The President of the Community,
Esperanza Aguirre, argued that traditional uses were the best conservation strategy, and she specified the keeping of livestock, mountaineering and forestry as being traditional in the sierra. Aguirre subsequently clarified that she considered hunting and fishing as being in the same category.
Aguirre suggested that the area to be protected was not being reduced in size, but rather the level of protection was to be reduced outside a core area. The area of the national park would be largely confined to the summits. Lower down the slopes there would be plenty of opportunities to build houses in the sierra.
More detailed proposals were produced in 2009, and received a positive response from the municipios affected, which welcomed the scope for increased urbanisation.
See also
List of national parks of Spain
Sierra de Guadarrama
Peñalara Natural Park
Peñalara
La Pedriza
References
External links
La Comunidad concluye el proyecto del Parque Nacional de la Sierra de Guadarrama 2006 report from the Community of Madrid's Website, accessed September 2008
Official map of the madrilenian area of the Guadarrama National Park
Video of the Guadarrama National Park
2013 establishments in Castile and León
2013 establishments in the Community of Madrid
Forests of Spain
National parks of Spain
Parks in the Community of Madrid
Protected areas established in 2013
Protected areas of Castile and León
Sierra de Guadarrama
The K Eighth Avenue Local, earlier the AA, was a rapid transit service of the New York City Subway. Its route bullet was colored on station signs, car rollsigns, and the official subway map since it ran on the IND Eighth Avenue Line.
The K operated during midday, evenings, and weekends, making local stops between 168th Street in Washington Heights, Manhattan and World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan via Central Park West and Eighth Avenue in Manhattan. During late night hours, the A express made local stops on the IND Eighth Avenue Line. During rush hours, the , formerly the , ran between Bedford Park Boulevard and Euclid Avenue, replacing the K as the local on Eighth Avenue. It was discontinued in 1988 as part of a series of major service changes.
History
Service as the AA
and AA service began on September 10, 1932 with the opening of the IND Eighth Avenue Line. The Independent Subway System (IND) used single letters to refer to express services and double letters for local services. The ran express and the AA ran local, from 168th Street to Hudson Terminal (now World Trade Center). The AA ran at all times, and it was extended to 207th Street during nights and on Sundays when they did not run. When the Eighth Avenue Line was extended to Jay Street–Borough Hall on February 1, 1933 the AA was extended there, but only during the times when they didn't run; it continued to terminate at Chambers Street when the did run.
On July 1, 1933, the AA was suspended when the Concourse Line opened and the new service provided local service on Eighth Avenue in its place. The AA was suspended until the IND Sixth Avenue Line opened on December 15, 1940. The AA only ran during non-rush hours and Saturday late afternoon through all day Sunday service to Chambers Street. Rush hours, which at the time included Saturday mornings and afternoons, the AA did not run; it was replaced by the BB (later ) service, which instead ran on the Sixth Avenue Line. This pattern was unchanged until August 28, 1977, when late night service was replaced by an all local service.
Service as the K
On May 6, 1985, as part of the elimination of double letters, the AA was renamed the K. This service operated between 168th Street and World Trade Center during midday, evenings, and weekends. During late night hours, the A express made local stops on the Eighth Avenue Line. During rush hours, the , formerly the , ran between Bedford Park Boulevard and Rockaway Park–Beach 116th Street, replacing the K as the local on Eighth Avenue. This change was not officially reflected in schedules until May 24, 1987.
On December 11, 1988, as part of the widespread service changes that day, the K was discontinued, being replaced by the train, which was expanded from its rush-hour only service to include midday service between 145th Street and Euclid Avenue, early evening (until 9 p.m.) service from 145th Street to World Trade Center, and weekend service matching the former K between 168th Street and World Trade Center. The was also expanded to middays to match part of the former K.
Final route
Service pattern
The following table shows the lines used by the K service:
Stations
For a more detailed station listing, see the articles on the lines listed above.
References
1988 disestablishments
Defunct New York City Subway services
The Man I Love may refer to:
"The Man I Love" (song), a popular song by George Gershwin, from the musical Lady Be Good
The Man I Love (album), a 1957 album by Peggy Lee
The Man I Love (1929 film), directed by William A. Wellman
The Man I Love (1947 film)
The Man I Love (1997 film)
The Man I Love (ballet), a 2009 ballet made by Susan Stroman on New York City Ballet
See also
The Men I Love, a tribute album by Amii Stewart released in 1995
The fourth season of the American competitive reality television series MasterChef premiered on Fox on May 22, 2013 and concluded on September 11, 2013.
Luca Manfè was the winner of this season, making him the first previous season returnee to win MasterChef after failing to make past the audition round in season 3. Natasha Crnjac was the runner-up.
Top 19
Elimination table
(WINNER) This cook won the competition.
(RUNNER-UP) This cook finished in second place.
(WIN) The cook won an individual challenge (Mystery Box Challenge or Elimination Test).
(WIN) The cook was on the winning team in the Team Challenge and directly advanced to the next round.
(HIGH) The cook was one of the top entries in the individual challenge but didn't win.
(IN) The cook wasn't selected as a top or bottom entry in an individual challenge.
(IN) The cook wasn't selected as a top or bottom entry in a team challenge.
(IMM) The cook didn't have to compete in that round of the competition.
(IMM) The cook was selected by Mystery Box Challenge winner and didn't have to compete in the Elimination Test.
(PT) The cook was on the losing team in the Team Challenge and competed in the Pressure Test, and advanced.
(NPT) The cook was on the losing team in the Team Challenge, did not compete in the Pressure Test, and advanced.
(RET) The cook won the Reinstation Challenge and returned to the competition.
(LOW) The cook was one of the bottom entries in an individual challenge or Pressure Test, but advanced.
(LOW) The cook was one of the bottom entries in the Team Challenge, but advanced.
(ELIM) The cook was eliminated from MasterChef.
Guest judges
Lidia Bastianich - Episode 9
Christine Hà - Episode 11
Eva Longoria - Episode 13
Paula Deen - Episode 22
Episodes
References
2013 American television seasons
MasterChef (American TV series)
Judea or Judaea ( or ; from , Standard Yəhūda, Tiberian Yehūḏā; , ; ) is an ancient, historic, Biblical Hebrew, contemporaneous Latin, and the modern-day name of the mountainous southern part of the region of Israel and part of the West Bank.
The name originates from the Hebrew name Yehudah, a son of the biblical patriarch Jacob/Israel, with Yehudah's progeny forming the biblical Israelite tribe of Judah (Yehudah) and later the associated Kingdom of Judah.
Related nomenclature continued to be used by the Babylonians, Persian, Hellenistic, and Roman periods as the Babylonian and Persian Yehud, Hasmonean Kingdom of Judea, and consequently Herodian and Roman Judea, respectively. Under Hasmonean, Herodian and Roman rule, the term was applied to an area larger than the historical region of Judea, which at times included regions such as Samaria, Galilee, Perea and others. At around the time of the Bar Kokhba revolt, in 135 CE, the province of Judaea was renamed Syria Palaestina.
The term Judea was revived by the Israeli government in the 20th century as part of the Israeli administrative district name Judea and Samaria Area for the territory generally referred to as the West Bank.
Etymology
The name Judea is a Greek and Roman adaptation of the name "Judah", which originally encompassed the territory of the Israelite tribe of that name and later of the ancient Kingdom of Judah. Nimrud Tablet K.3751, dated c. 733 BCE, is the earliest known record of the name Judah (written in Assyrian cuneiform as Yaudaya or KUR.ia-ú-da-a-a).
Judea was sometimes used as the name for the entire region, including parts beyond the river Jordan. In 200 CE Sextus Julius Africanus, cited by Eusebius (Church History 1.7.14), described "Nazara" (Nazareth) as a village in Judea. The King James Version of the Bible refers to the region as "Jewry".
"Judea" was a name used by English speakers for the hilly internal part of Mandatory Palestine until the Jordanian rule of the area in 1948. For example, the borders of the two states to be established according to the UN's 1947 partition scheme were officially described using the terms "Judea" and "Samaria" and in its reports to the League of Nations Mandatory Committee, as in 1937, the geographical terms employed were "Samaria and Judea". Jordan called the area ad-difa'a al-gharbiya (translated into English as the "West Bank"). "Yehuda" is the Hebrew term used for the area in modern Israel since the region was captured and occupied by Israel in 1967.
Historical boundaries
Roman-period definition
The first century Roman-Jewish historian Josephus wrote (The Jewish War 3.3.5):In the limits of Samaria and Judea lies the village Anuath, which is also named Borceos. This is the northern boundary of Judea. The southern parts of Judea, if they be measured lengthways, are bounded by a village adjoining to the confines of Arabia; the Jews that dwell there call it Jordan. However, its breadth is extended from the river Jordan to Joppa. The city Jerusalem is situated in the very middle; on which account some have, with sagacity enough, called that city the Navel of the country. Nor indeed is Judea destitute of such delights as come from the sea, since its maritime places extend as far as Ptolemais: it was parted into eleven portions, of which the royal city Jerusalem was the supreme, and presided over all the neighboring country, as the head does over the body. As to the other cities that were inferior to it, they presided over their several toparchies; Gophna was the second of those cities, and next to that Acrabatta, after them Thamna, and Lydda, and Emmaus, and Pella, and Idumea, and Engaddi, and Herodium, and Jericho; and after them came Jamnia and Joppa, as presiding over the neighboring people; and besides these there was the region of Gamala, and Gaulonitis, and Batanea, and Trachonitis, which are also parts of the kingdom of Agrippa. This [last] country begins at Mount Libanus, and the fountains of Jordan, and reaches breadthways to Lake Tiberias; and in length is extended from a village called Arpha, as far as Julias. Its inhabitants are a mixture of Jews and Syrians. And thus have I, with all possible brevity, described the country of Judea, and those that lie round about it.
Elsewhere, Josephus wrote that "Arabia is a country that borders on Judea."
Geography
Judea is a mountainous region, part of which is considered a desert. It varies greatly in height, rising to an altitude of 1,020 m (3,346 ft) in the south at Mount Hebron, southwest of Jerusalem, and descending to as much as 400 m (1,312 ft) below sea level in the east of the region. It also varies in rainfall, starting with about in the western hills, rising to around western Jerusalem (in central Judea), falling back to in eastern Jerusalem and dropping to around in the eastern parts, due to a rainshadow effect (this is the Judean desert). The climate, accordingly, moves between Mediterranean in the west and desert climate in the east, with a strip of steppe climate in the middle. Major urban areas in the region include Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Gush Etzion, Jericho and Hebron.
Geographers divide Judea into several regions: the Hebron hills, the Jerusalem saddle, the Bethel hills and the Judean desert east of Jerusalem, which descends in a series of steps to the Dead Sea. The hills are distinct for their anticline structure. In ancient times the hills were forested, and the Bible records agriculture and sheep farming being practiced in the area. Animals are still grazed today, with shepherds moving them between the low ground to the hilltops as summer approaches, while the slopes are still layered with centuries-old stone terracing. The Jewish Revolt against the Romans ended in the devastation of vast areas of the Judean countryside.
Mount Hazor marks the geographical boundary between Samaria to its north and Judea to its south.
Biblical patriarchs narrative
Judea is central to much of the narrative of the Torah, with the Patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob said to have been buried at Hebron in the Tomb of the Patriarchs.
History
Iron Age, Assyrian, and Babylonian period
The early history of Judah is uncertain; the biblical account states that the Kingdom of Judah, along with the Kingdom of Israel, was a successor to a united monarchy of Israel and Judah, but modern scholarship generally holds that the united monarchy is ahistorical. Regardless, the Northern Kingdom was conquered by the Neo-Assyrian Empire in 720 BCE. The Kingdom of Judah remained nominally independent, but paid tribute to the Assyrian Empire from 715 and throughout the first half of the 7th century BCE, regaining its independence as the Assyrian Empire declined after 640 BCE, but after 609 again fell under the sway of imperial rule, this time paying tribute at first to the Egyptians and after 601 BCE to the Neo-Babylonian Empire, until 586 BCE, when it was finally conquered by Babylonia.
Persian and Hellenistic periods
The Babylonian Empire fell to the conquests of Cyrus the Great in 539 BCE. Judea remained under Persian rule until the conquest of Alexander the Great in 332 BCE, eventually falling under the rule of the Hellenistic Seleucid Empire until the revolt of Judas Maccabeus resulted in the Hasmonean dynasty of kings who ruled in Judea for over a century.
Roman period
Judea lost its independence to the Romans in the 1st century BCE, becoming first a tributary kingdom, then a province, of the Roman Empire. The Romans had allied themselves to the Maccabees and interfered again in 63 BCE, at the end of the Third Mithridatic War, when the proconsul Pompeius Magnus ("Pompey the Great") stayed behind to make the area secure for Rome, including his siege of Jerusalem in 63 BCE. Queen Salome Alexandra had recently died, and a civil war broke out between her sons, Hyrcanus II and Aristobulus II. Pompeius restored Hyrcanus but political rule passed to the Herodian family who ruled as client kings. In 6 CE, Judea came under direct Roman rule as the southern part of the province of Iudaea, although Jews living in the province still maintained some form of independence and could judge offenders by their own laws, including capital offences, until c. 28 CE. The Province of Judea, during the late Hellenistic period and early Roman period was also divided into five conclaves: Jerusalem (ירושלם), Gadara (גדרה), Amathus (עמתו), Jericho (יריחו), and Sepphoris (צפורין), and during the Roman period had eleven administrative districts (toparchies): Jerusalem, Gophna, Akrabatta, Thamna, Lydda, Ammaus, Pella, Idumaea, Engaddi, Herodeion, and Jericho.
Eventually, the Jewish population rose against Roman rule in 66 CE in a revolt that was unsuccessful. Jerusalem was besieged in 70 CE and much of the population was killed or enslaved.
70 years later the Jewish population revolted under the leadership of Simon bar Kokhba and established the last Kingdom of Israel, which lasted three years, before the Romans managed to conquer the province for good, at a high cost in terms of manpower and expense.
After the defeat of Bar Kokhba (132–135 CE) the Roman Emperor Hadrian was determined to wipe out the identity of Israel-Judah-Judea, and renamed it Syria Palaestina. Until that time the area had been called the "province of Judea" (Roman Judea) by the Romans. At the same time, he changed the name of the city of Jerusalem to Aelia Capitolina. The Romans killed many Jews and sold many more into slavery; many Jews departed into the Jewish diaspora, but there was never a complete Jewish abandonment of the area, and Jews have been an important (and sometimes persecuted) minority in Judea since that time.
Byzantine period
The Byzantines redrew the borders of the land of Palestine. The various Roman provinces (Syria Palaestina, Samaria, Galilee, and Peraea) were reorganized into three dioceses of Palaestina, reverting to the name first used by Greek historian Herodotus in the mid-5th century BCE: Palaestina Prima, Secunda, and Tertia or Salutaris (First, Second, and Third Palestine), part of the Diocese of the East. Palaestina Prima consisted of Judea, Samaria, the Paralia, and Peraea with the governor residing in Caesarea. Palaestina Secunda consisted of Galilee, the lower Jezreel Valley, the regions east of Galilee, and the western part of the former Decapolis with the seat of government at Scythopolis. Palaestina Tertia included the Negev, southern Jordan—once part of Arabia—and most of Sinai, with Petra as the usual residence of the governor. Palestina Tertia was also known as Palaestina Salutaris. According to historian H.H. Ben-Sasson, this reorganisation took place under Diocletian (284–305), although other scholars suggest this change occurred later, in 390.
Timeline
11th century – 930 BCE: part of the united monarchy of Israel and Judah
930–586 BCE: Kingdom of Judah
586–539 BCE: Babylonian Empire
539–332 BCE: Persian Empire
332–305 BCE: Macedonian Empire of Alexander the Great
305–198 BCE: Ptolemaic dynasty
198–141 BCE: Seleucid Empire
141–37 BCE: The Hasmonean state established by the Maccabees, under the Roman Empire after 63 BCE
63 BCE: Pompey's conquest of Jerusalem
37 BCE – 132 CE: Herodian dynasty ruling Judea as a vassal state of the Roman Empire (37–4 BCE Herod the Great, 4 BCE – 6 CE Herod Archelaus, 41–44 CE Agrippa I), interchanging with direct Roman rule (6–41, 44–132)
c. 25 BCE: Caesarea Maritima is built by Herod the Great
6 CE the Roman Empire deposed Herod Archelaus and converted his territory into the Roman province of Judea.
Census of Quirinius, too late to correspond to census related to Jesus' birth
26–36: Pontius Pilate prefect of Roman Judea during the Crucifixion of Jesus
66–73: First Jewish–Roman War, includes Destruction of the Second Temple in 70
115–117: Kitos War
132–135: Bar Kokhba's revolt
135: Emperor Hadrian reverts the name to Syria Palaestina, first attested by Herodotus
Selected towns and cities
Judea, in the generic sense, also incorporates places in Galilee and in Samaria.
See also
Timeline of the name "Judea"
Seleucid Empire vs. Maccabean Revolt
History of Palestine
Ioudaios
Kitos War
Judaea (Roman province)
State of Judea
References
External links
Judea and civil war
The subjugation of Judea
Judaea 6–66 CE
Judea photos
The Jewish History Resource Center—Project of the Dinur Center for Research in Jewish History, Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Historical regions in Israel
Geography of the State of Palestine
Hebrew Bible regions
New Testament regions
West Bank
Sever the Wicked Hand is the ninth studio album by American sludge metal band Crowbar. It was released on February 8, 2011 via E1 Music, on February 14, 2011 via Century Media in the UK, and a day later for the rest of Europe. It was the band's first studio album after Lifesblood for the Downtrodden, released exactly six years before in 2005.
Background
Sever the Wicked Hand was the first album that frontman Kirk Windstein recorded sober.
Critical reception
According to Metacritic, the album received "generally favorable" reviews and a score of 79. Writing for Popmatters, Adrien Begrand praised Crowbar for ensuring that its ninth album "sound so fresh while sounding so comfortably familiar at the same time", and gave particular accolades to Kirk Windstein's vocals on "Let Me Mourn", the emotional intensity of "Echo an Eternity", and the soulful closing track, "Symbiosis". Situating the album in the context of Windstein's recent recovery from alcoholism, Eduardo Rivadavia wrote for AllMusic that, while there are "no great revelations or revolutions" on Sever the Wicked Hand, Windstein's "spirit and inspiration have clearly been revitalized, and the end results amount to a quintessential Crowbar album" among the strongest of the band's career.
Track listing
Personnel
Kirk Windstein – vocals, rhythm guitar
Matt Brunson – lead guitar
Pat Bruders – bass
Tommy Buckley – drums
Guest musicians
Patrick Plata – vocals on "A Farewell to Misery"
Duane Simoneaux – piano on "A Farewell to Misery"
Production
Kirk Windstein – production
Zeuss – mixing and mastering
Duane Simoneaux – engineering
Thomas De Ville – engineering
Mike D'Antonio – art
References
Crowbar (American band) albums
2011 albums
E1 Music albums
Willem James van Vliet (born 12 April 1949) was educated at a Queen's University in the Netherlands, graduating in 1970 with an award from the French embassy for achievements in the field of language and literature. In 1976, he received a doctorandus degree ad summos honores in sociology and planning at the Free University of Amsterdam.
From 1976 to 1979, he was a Fellow of the Department of External Affairs and the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada, representing the Netherlands in a bilateral exchange. Work at the University of Toronto led to a Ph.D. in sociology in 1980.
He accepted an appointment at the Pennsylvania State University in 1979, moving in 1986 to the University of Colorado where he is a professor in the Program in Environmental Design and director of the Children Youth and Environments Center for Research and Design, with an adjoint appointment in the Department of Geography. From 1991 to 2001, he was director of the Center for International Research and Education Projects. He was also director of the PhD program in design and planning from 1997 until 2007. The Japan Foundation awarded him a Fellowship in 1992 for a cross-national study of housing and community supports for elders. In 1989 and in 1999, he received the Award for Faculty Excellence in Research, and in 2008 he was given the Award for Faculty Excellence in Service in the College of Architecture and Planning.
He is or has been a member of the editorial advisory board of the Journal of the American Planning Association, the Journal of Planning Literature, the Journal of Architectural and Planning Research, Urban Affairs Review and Habitat International, among others. He has contributed widely to anthologies and journals in urban studies, planning and environment-behavior studies on issues concerning urban planning, housing, and the linkages between research, policy and practice. He is a past secretary and president of the Research Committee on Housing and the Built Environment of the International Sociological Association (1992–2007), he has worked with colleagues from other fields to promote interdisciplinary and cross-national research. He is active in a number of other national and international professional associations and has been a consultant to the Mayor's the Institute for Urban Design, UN Habitat and other organizations.
In recent years, his work has refocused on the experiences of growing up in cities and intergenerational aspects of urban livability. He is the founder and director of the Children Youth and Environments Center for Research and Design at the University of Colorado and lead editor of the Children Youth and Environments Journal. He takes a special interest in planning and design as participatory processes that include the voices of children, youth and other population groups whose interests tend to be overlooked in community development.
Books
Habitats for Children: Impacts of Density, (co-edited by J. F. Wohlwill). Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum, 1985.
Housing Needs and Policy Approaches: Trends in 13 Countries, (co-edited by Elizabeth Huttman and Sylvia Fava). Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1985.
Housing Markets and Policies under Fiscal Austerity, (editor). Westport, CT: Greenwood press, 1987.
Housing and Neighborhoods; theoretical and empirical contributions, (co-edited by Harvey Choldin, William Michelson, and David Popenoe). Westport, CT: Greenwood Press. 1987.
Handbook of Housing and the Built Environment in the U.S., (co-edited by Elizabeth Huttman). Westport, Ct: Greenwood Press. 1988.
Women, Housing, and Community, (editor). London: Gower Publishing Company. 1988.
International Handbook of Housing Policies and Practices, (editor). Westport, CT: Greenwood Press. 1990.
Government and Housing; Developments in Seven Countries, (co-edited by J. van Weesep). Newbury Park, CA: Sage Publications. 1990.
Affordable Housing and Urban Redevelopment in the U.S.: Learning from Failure and Success, (editor). Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, Inc., 1996.
Encyclopedia of Housing (editor). Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, Inc.,1998.
Cities in a Globalizing World; Global Report on Human Settlements 2001, (editor), Nairobi: UN Centre for Human Settlements/London: Earthscan. 2002.
References
External links
Children, Youth & Environments, The Journal
Children, Youth and Environments Center for Research and Design
1952 births
Living people
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam alumni
Van Vliet, Willem
Van Vliet, Willem
Van Vliet, Willem
Van Vliet, Willem
Dutch sociologists
Dutch emigrants to the United States
Nelly Blair, later Nelly Smith (17591820) is sometimes suggested as being Scottish poet Robert Burns' first love.
The true identity of Nell
Burns himself did not identify his 'Handsome Nell' by name. Nelly Kilpatrick has been suggested as being Burns's first romantic love, but some significant doubts exist about the true identity of this individual. It was thought to be a Nelly Blair until Burns's sister Isabella gave the name Nelly Kilpatrick, however Isobel was only three years old at the time of Burns's association with Nelly and some doubt must be cast on her recollections at this stage in her life.
Life and character
Burns stated that Nelly had a sweet voice and was wont to sing songs as she worked in the fields.
The first reference to Nelly's identity by the Reverend Hamilton Paul of Ayr in 1819 records that: "This nymph was afterwards married to a Carrick farmer, and became the mother of many sons and daughters, and who, when we saw her in 1811, still retained the characteristics of sonsieness, which so fascinated her helpmate in the work of the harvest as to betray him into the sin of rhyme. She has sung delightfully, and he wrote a copy of verses to her favourite air or reel."
A parish record at Dreghorn records that a Helen Blair married a Carrick farmer, John Smith on 13 December 1788 and a daughter Helen was born at Dailly on 18 February 1789. Several other children were born in subsequent years.
In 1828 an anonymous letter to The Scotsman related that a friend of the writer had been a significant landowner in Ayrshire and that Robert Burns had been a frequent visitor to his kitchen and had written many songs about Nelly Blair, a servant in the house.
Association with Robert Burns
When Robert Burns was 15 he met "Handsome Nell", his first young love, a "bonnie, sweet, sonsie lass", although he apparently never told her of his love. Nelly Bone, is better known as Nelly Kilpatrick. They are first recorded to have met when William Burns hired some extra help to bring in the harvest while they were at nearby Mount Oliphant Farm and Burns came to be paired with her, following the Ayrshire custom of that time.
In his autobiographical letter to Dr Hunter he wrote: "Indeed, I did not not well know myself I liked so much to loiter behind with her when returning in the evening from our labours; why the tones of her voice made my heart-strings thrill like an Aeolian harp, and particularly why my pulse beat such a furious rantann when I looked and fingered over her hand to pick out the nettle-stings and thistles".
He wrote a poem to Nell, unpublished during his life, but it appeared in his Commonplace Book and set to the tune of Nelly's favourite reel.
He had heard her singing a song by a local country laird's son who was courting her and felt that he could do better, so it was with Nelly in mind that he wrote his first song "Handsome Nell" –
The tune to the song has not come down to us. Some years later Burns wrote of this song, saying –
"I never had the least thought or inclination of turning poet till I got once heartily in love, and then rhyme and song were, in a manner, the spontaneous language of my heart. I remember I composed it in a wild enthusiasm of passion, and to this hour I never recollect it but my heart melts, and my blood sallies at the remembrance."
Nelly has been said to figure in Burns's poem, "Halloween"
<div class="notice spoilerbox">
{| border="0"
|-
| <div class="toccolours spoilercontents">
"The lasses staw frae 'mang them a'''To pou their stalks of corn:But Rab slips out, and jinks about,Behint the muckle thorn:He grippet Nelly hard and fast;Loud skirl'd a' the lasses;But her tap-pickle maist was lost,When kitlin' in the fause-houseWi' him that night."</div>
|}</div>
and the verse :
<div class="notice spoilerbox">
{| border="0"
|-
| "Nell had the fause-house in her min',
She pits hersel and Rob in;
In loving bleeze they sweetly join,
Till white in ase they're sobbin';
Nell's heart was dancin' at the view,
She whispers'd Rob to leuk for't:
Rob, stowlins, prie'd her bonny mou',
Fu' cozie in the neuk for't,
Unseen that night."
|
|}
See also
Jean Armour
Alison Begbie
May Cameron
Mary Campbell (Highland Mary)
Jenny Clow
Jean Gardner
Jean Glover
Nelly Kilpatrick
Jessie Lewars
Mary Morison
Ann Park
Elizabeth Paton
Peggy Thompson
References
Notes
Sources
Annandale, Charles (Editor) (1890). The Works of Robert Burn. London : Blackie & Son.
Dougall, Charles S. (1911). The Burns Country. London: A & C Black.
Hunter, Douglas & McQueen, Colin Hunter. (2009). Hunter's Illustrated History of the Family, Friends, and Contemporaries of Robert Burns. Published by the authors. ISBN 978-0-9559732 -0-8.
MacIntosh, Donald (2006). Travels in Galloway. Glasgow : Neil Wilson. .
Mackay, James (2004). Burns. A Biography of Robert Burns. Darvel : Alloway Publishing. .
McMichael, George. Notes on the Way Through Ayrshire''. Ayr : Hugh Henry.
Robert Burns
History of East Ayrshire
18th-century Scottish women
1759 births
1820 deaths
The Partenavia P.59 Jolly was an Italian two-seat training monoplane designed by Partenavia to meet a requirement for the Aero Club d'Italia.
Development
The P.59 Jolly was designed to meet a requirement for a standard trainer for the Italian national flying clubs. The prototype first flew on 2 February 1960 and was a high-wing monoplane with a nose-mounted 95 hp (71 kW) Continental engine. It had a fixed tailwheel landing gear and seated two occupants side-by-side in an enclosed cockpit. The aircraft was later re-engined with a 100 hp (75 kW) Continental O-200 engine and the wing span was increased. The competition was won by the Aviamilano P.19 Scricciolo and only one Jolly was built.
Specifications
See also
References
1960s Italian civil trainer aircraft
Jolly
Single-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1960
Uerzhar (, , ٷرجار اۋدانى) is a district of Abai Region in the eastern part of Kazakhstan, which borders with China. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Urzhar. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Abai Region
Mehdi Hasan () SI was a Pakistani left-wing journalist, media historian, and acedemian. He was one of Pakistan's most prominent communication experts, with a specialization in political analysis.
Early life and education
Hasan was born on 27 June 1937 in Panipat, British India. His family migrated to Pakistan in 1947 and settled in Sahiwal. Hasan did Master in Journalism and PhD in mass communication from the University of the Punjab on Role of Press in Formation of Public Opinion 1857–1947. He won a Fulbright Scholar (1990) at the University of Colorado Boulder, where he conducted research on "Coverage of Third World Countries in the American Mass Media".
Career
Hasan joined the faculty of mass communication at the University of the Punjab in 1967. After retirement, he joined Beaconhouse National University, served as Dean of School of Media and Communication.
Hasan was a frequent commentator and panellist on television and radio stations, where he brought his academic research into social context. He wrote extensively on the subject of Pakistan's history, journalism, mass communication and political parties, but his book The Political history of Pakistan is a widely used reference by journalists. His long-held personal view was that distortion of facts by news media is distorting our history.
From 1961 to 1967, Hasan's journalism career progressed from sub-editor, reporter, to news bureau chief at Pakistan Press International (PPI) news agency. During this time, he was elected office-bearer of Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists (PFUJ) five times.
Hasan also had been a news commentator and analyst for Pakistani television since 1964, and for Radio Pakistan since 1962, including for Voice of America, BBC News, Deutsche Welle, Reuters, and Associated Press, and a contributor to all major newspapers in Pakistan and a columnist at English daily The News International and at Urdu language newspaper Daily Waqt.
In 2012, he received the Sitara-i-Imtiaz Award from the President of Pakistan for his services in the field of literature and journalism.
A long-time member and twice elected chairperson of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, Hasan wrote many papers, and participated in multiple seminars. In 2015, addressing a public event at University of Gujrat, Pakistan, Hasan emphasized the urgent need to promote honest and impartial reporting and said that bad journalism is distorting the history of Pakistan. He said all citizens of Pakistan have equal rights under the law regardless of their religions.
His hobbies and passion included photography and he possessed 35mm cameras, including a couple of Rolleiflex cameras. His passion for photography took him to the front line of the Lahore war zone in 1965, although he was not a professional photographer.
Personal life and death
Hasan died after a protracted illness on 23 February 2022 in Lahore. He was survived by his wife, Rakhshanda Hasan, and two sons.
See also
List of Pakistani journalists
Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists
References
1937 births
2022 deaths
People from Panipat
People from Sahiwal
People from Lahore
Pakistani opinion journalists
Pakistani male journalists
Media historians
University of the Punjab alumni
Beaconhouse National University faculty
Recipients of Sitara-i-Imtiaz
University of Colorado Boulder alumni
University of Lahore faculty
University of the Punjab faculty
James R. Larus (born September 15, 1958) is a computer scientist specializing in the fields of programming languages, compilers, and computer architecture. He is currently at École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) where he has served as the Dean of the School of Computer and Communication Sciences (IC) from 2014 until 2021.
Before joining EPFL, Larus worked as a Principal Researcher in Microsoft Research, where he worked from 1998 until 2013. He was at one point the Director of Research and Strategy for Microsoft's eXtreme Computing Group (XCG) where he helped develop the Orleans cloud computing project. He was also one of the two co-leads on Microsoft's Singularity project.
Prior to working for Microsoft, James was an associate professor at University of Wisconsin–Madison in the Computer Science department.
Education
Larus graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University in 1980 with an A.B. in Applied Mathematics. He got both a Masters and a PhD in Computer Science from University of California, Berkeley in 1982 and 1989 respectively.
Publications and Notable Work
Larus is known for the creation of SPIM, a widely distributed MIPS simulator.
He has written many papers and has an h-index of 67. One of his best known papers is his paper on efficient path profiling.
He is also a co-author of the book 'Transactional Memory', published in 2007 by Morgan Claypool.
Larus also helped fund and lead the development of the Decentralized Privacy-Preserving Proximity Tracing (DP-3T) effort to provide contact tracing as a way to slow the COVID-19 pandemic.
Achievements
Larus was a Harvard College Scholar, a National Science Foundation Young Investigator, and is an ACM Fellow. He has also won numerous awards for his papers over the years.
References
1958 births
Living people
Harvard University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne faculty
Hans James David Hamilton, 4th Baron HolmPatrick (born 15 March 1955) is a British peer and Labour politician.
Family
Lord HolmPatrick is the son of the late James Hans Hamilton, 3rd Baron HolmPatrick (1928–1991) and Anne Loys Roche Brass. The 3rd Lord HolmPatrick was the son of Hans Wellesley Hamilton, 2nd Baron HolmPatrick (1886–1942) and Lady Edina Conyngham (1888–1964), daughter of Henry Conyngham, 4th Marquess Conyngham (1857–1897). In turn, the 2nd Lord HolmPatrick was the son of Ion Trant Hamilton, 1st Baron HolmPatrick and Lady Victoria Alexandria Wellesley. She was a daughter of the courtier Major-General Lord Charles Wellesley. Her paternal grandfather was the great British general Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington. She was also the elder sister of the 3rd and 4th dukes. She was granted the rank of a duke's daughter in 1884. The first Lord HolmPatrick was an MP and Irish civic leader.
The future Lord HolmPatrick married Gill Francesca Anne du Feu, the daughter of Squadron Leader Kenneth James (Toby) Harding, on 19 July 1984. The Hon. James Hans Stephen Hamilton (born 6 October 1982) is the heir incumbent to the barony.
Political career
Lord HolmPatrick was a Labour peer until 1999, when most of the hereditary peers were removed from the House of Lords by the House of Lords Act 1999. Lord HolmPatrick was not one of those 15 hereditary peers elected by the whole House nor one of those 2 peers elected by the Labour hereditary. In 2003 Lord HolmPatrick stood to be one of the Labour peers following the death of Michael Milner, 2nd Baron Milner of Leeds, but was defeated by Christopher Suenson-Taylor, 3rd Baron Grantchester.
References
Mosley, Charles, ed., Burke's Peerage, Baronetage and Knightage, 107th edition, London (2004) p. 1947.
1955 births
Living people
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Labour Party (UK) hereditary peers
Demirköy is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Juxtapose is the verb form of juxtaposition. Juxtapose may also refer to:
Juxtapose (album) by Tricky
Juxtapoz Art & Culture Magazine
JXTA, an open-source protocol
See also
Juxtaposition (disambiguation)
Tony Wilds may refer to:
Tony Wilds (priest), Archdeacon of Plymouth.
Tony Wilds (umpire), Australian cricket umpire.
The Adventure Company was a Canadian video game developer and a former publishing division of DreamCatcher Interactive. It was sold to THQ Nordic GmbH in 2011 following DreamCatcher's parent (JoWooD Entertainment) assets being sold after entering administration.
History
The Adventure Company was first launched in January 2002 as a division and brand of DreamCatcher Interactive to distribute their adventure games titles under. The first title released under the new brand was The Cameron Files: Secret at Loch Ness which was released at the end of January 2002. The Adventure Company has worked with many developers including: Kheops Studio, THQ, Microïds, and Cryo Interactive. In 2006 DreamCatcher Interactive became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Austrian video game publisher JoWooD Entertainment.
On August 16, 2011, Nordic Games announced that it had acquired JoWooD, its products and brands and some of the companies' subsidiaries. Following the acquisition it was announced that JoWood and the Adventure Company will become publishing labels for Nordic Games, a wholly owned subsidiary of Nordic Games Holding.
Published games
''Note: This list is for titles which The Adventure Company published. Re-releases of DreamCatcher Interactive games nor Nordic Games titles under The Adventure Company are not included.
References
THQ Nordic
Video game development companies
Canadian companies established in 2002
Canadian companies disestablished in 2011
Video game companies established in 2002
Video game companies disestablished in 2011
Defunct video game companies of Canada
Defunct companies of Ontario
Companies based in Toronto
2002 establishments in Ontario
2011 disestablishments in Ontario
Gould Racing
is a British motorsport company, specialising in racing car manufacture and engineering. The company is run by David Gould, and is based in Newbury, Berkshire, England.
Although involved in several branches of motorsport, including manufacturing components for Formula One cars, the company's greatest success has come in the manufacture of specialised cars for hillclimbing: every British Hill Climb Championship from 1998 to 2010 was won by a driver in a Gould car. The company also built the one-off Gould Ford Puma for Mike Endean, featuring Xtrac four-wheel-drive, which won the Brighton Speed Trials four times in 2005, 2008, 2009 and 2010.
British Hillclimb Championship
Gould Racing has enjoyed massive and sustained success in the British Hillclimb Championship having won 19 titles in total, the first of which was when Chris Cramer took the 1985 at the wheel of a Gould/Hart 84/2 and the remaining 18 titles being taken in from 1998 to 2016, 14 of these being taken in succession, breaking Cooper's record of 13 successive title wins from 1951 to 1963 (though Peter Westbury only raced part of his 1963 championship winning season in a Cooper). Over the last 18 championship winning seasons Gould have gradually evolved their cars, with the GR37, GR51, GR55, GR55B and GR61 chassis all winning the championship on at least 2 occasions.
GR37
The Gould GR37 was ground-breaking in terms of hillclimb technology. Built around a Ralt F3 carbon-fibre tub, this car was raced to 3 consecutive titles by David Grace from 1998 to 2000, breaking Pilbeam's domination of the championship that had seen it win 17 of the previous 21 championships. It has typically utilised Cosworth or Judd V8 power ranging from the 3.3-litre Cosworth XB derived V8 to the 4-litre Judd and Cosworth F1 3.5-litre formula derived V8 engines. The Gould GR37 is still competing in the championship as of 2010. It was also the first carbon fibre chassis to win the championship.
GR51
The Gould GR51 refined the concept of the GR37. The chassis, whilst based on a Ralt carbon fibre tub, was further customised for its application in hill climbing. The chassis was mated to a DTM-derived Opel-Cosworth V6 engine enlarged to 2.8 litres from the original 2.5 litres and mated to an Arrows F1 gearbox. Whilst down on absolute power compared to the 4-litre V8 monsters of its competitors, the compactness and light weight of the car, engine and gearbox gave the GR51 a greater power-to-weight ratio, which resulted in a car perfectly suited to the tortuously twisty hillclimbs of the British Championship. With Scottish father-and-son duo of Graeme Wight and Graeme Wight Jr. campaigning the car, Wight Jr. sealed two consecutive championships at the wheel of the GR51 in 2001 and 2002. Graeme Wight Jr. competed at the Goodwood Festival Of Speed in this car in 2002 & 2003, the only occasions where a contemporary British Hillclimb Championship car has appeared at this most prestigious of events.
GR55 and GR55B
The Gould GR55 marked a departure from using Ralt F3 chassis and all major components were designed and manufactured "in house". However, in terms of aerodynamics and general chassis philosophy it was very much an evolution of the GR51. The GR55 was originally fitted with a Nicholson-McLaren 3.3 Litre V8 derived from a Ford Cosworth XB 2.65-litre Champcar unit but enlarged and naturally aspirated rather than turbo-charged. The GR55 was originally campaigned by Adam Fleetwood and he duly took back-to-back titles in 2003 and 2004 before graduating from the British Hillclimb Championship to go circuit racing.
In 2005 Gould introduced the GR55B, externally the GR55 and GR55B are near identical, however the GR55B was the result of extensive finite element analysis work (FEA) which resulted in every part of the car being scrutinised to reduce weight and refine the GR55. The result was a car that was 25 kg lighter than its predecessor now fitted with a 3.5-litre version of the Nicholson-McLaren engine. The GR55B went on to dominate the championship in the hands of Martin Groves, winning the title 3 times in succession (2005, 2006 & 2007) and then he came back to claim a 4th title in 2010 using the same car after being defeated in 2008 & 2009, an achievement unique in hillclimbing.
Both the GR55 and GR55B have become very popular with competitors in the British Championship with a variety of engines being installed in GR55 chassis, including f1 derived Cosworth HB 3.5-litre and Judd 4-litre V8 engines. Also more recent modifications have included F1-style paddle shift sequential gears and traction control.
GR61X
The Gould GR61X is a further evolution of the Gould line of hillclimb cars. It was produced around the same time as the GR55B as a one-off design produced for father and son duo Roger and Scott Moran. It sees further refinements to the aerodynamics as well as offering enhanced lateral head protection from its higher cockpit sides and padded cockpit surround. It utilises the same 3.5-litre Nicholson-McLaren V8 engine as Martin Groves' GR55B. The car was instantly competitive when it hit the hills in 2005 and ultimately culminated in Scott Moran clinching back-to-back titles in 2008 and 2009 with further titles taken in 2011, 2013, 2014 & 2016 which make Roger and Scott Moran the first father and son title winners in British Hillclimbing as Roger claimed Pilbeam's final British title in 1997. After Roger retired from top-flight hillclimbing at the end of the 2014 season Alex Summers added to the success of this chassis, winning the 2015 title driving the car alongside Scott Moran. The GR61X was the first Gould chassis to be fitted with F1-style paddle shift sequential gears and traction control, which have since been fitted to GR55 chassis (Rob Turnbull and John Bradburn's GR55's were the first to have paddle shift fitted - the Geartronics system) as well as the Pilbeam M97.
GR59
In 2012 Gould unveiled their all-new hillclimb chassis, the Gould GR59. This chassis was a departure of previous Gould chassis with a much more compact design, extensive use of carbon fibre in the suspension (including the use of carbon fibre pushrods) and a full supporting structure at the rear end allowing the use of non-stressed engines. This car features a raised nose and chassis front end (the GR55 and GR61X had a raised nose mated to a low chassis front end) which has undergone development since the car debuted, in 2016 a dramatic new front wing was introduced, a very sculptured 3 plane design rendered in carbon fibre of course. The car also has an evidently powerful underfloor to give the car downforce whilst minimising aerodynamic drag, this is evidenced by the fact that the car debuted with a rear wing which is much smaller, with less overhang and height than the generous regulations allow. Previous chassis have debuted with skinnier wings but have piled them on to achieve the right balance, however, the only change to the GR59's rear wing since debut has been the addition of an extra element in the lower beam wing (introduced in conjunction with the 3 element front wing) which points to enhancing underfloor performance as well as gaining extra downforce in itself. Another distinctive feature of the GR59 is the car's light and slim rollover structure which helps to lower the COG and minimising drag all whilst passing MSA rollover tests. To date this chassis has been run with a variety of powerplants from a turbocharged 1300cc motorcycle engine to an enlarged and naturally aspirated 3300cc Cosworth XD V8 proving the car's concept as a one size fits all solution for hillclimbing.
Footnotes
External links
Gould
Engineering companies of the United Kingdom
Automotive motorsports and performance companies
Auto parts suppliers of the United Kingdom
Brighton Speed Trials people
British racecar constructors
Miljenko Horvat (1935–2012) was an artist, architect, author and illustrator, born in 1935 in Varaždin, now Croatia. He spent much of his career in Canada.
Career
Horvat studied at Technical-architectural faculty of University of Zagreb, where Josip Vaništa was a professor.
Horvat began to paint from an early age, and during the study of architecture has become the youngest member of the avant-garde group with an international reputation, Gorgona. His work within the group includes various projects: Gorgona - Then and Now, Neo Dada: Gorgona | Absurd Freedom, Socialism and Modernity, Marginal Specificities: Avant-Garde Art of ex-Yugoslavia 1914 - 1989, Marginal Specificities – Regional Avant-Garde Art, Marginal Specificities – Regional Avant-Garde Art 1915 – 1989.
After graduating in architecture, he left Zagreb in 1962 to work in Paris, and in 1966 he moved to Canada.
Horvat's works are in numerous public, corporate and museum collections: the Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec; Canada Council Art Bank; Musée des beaux-arts de Sherbrooke; Spencer Museum of Art; Collection of Marinko Sudac in Zagreb, and others.
Few years after retirement he returned to Zagreb where he died in 2012.
Miljenko Horvat's work has been exhibited in over 150 exhibitions. He was active as a curator, designer and collector. He wrote and published poetry in the English language. His drawings have been published in several collections of the poetry of the Canadian writer and poet Alexis Lefrançois.
References
External links
http://miljenkohorvat.com/en/
1935 births
2012 deaths
University of Zagreb alumni
Croatian architects
Letea Forest is the oldest natural reservation in Romania. It was established in 1938, when the Romanian Council of Ministers passed Decision No. 645 declaring the forest a nature reserve. It is located between the Sulina and Chilia branches of the Danube in the Danube Delta. It covers an area of approximately .
This forest was the initial foundation of the Danube Delta Biosphere Reserve, which has been declared a World Heritage Site. It was internationally recognized as a Biosphere Reserve under UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere Programme in 1992.
It has a subtropical aspect, due to the presence of the tropical creeper named Periploca graeca. This is a Mediterranean plant which finds its most northern refuge in the Danube Delta. Along with this, types of liana and other climbing plants are woven on the branches of the trees, such as the wild vine, common hop and the ivy.
Letea Forest is formed mainly from trees like white poplar, black poplar, elm tree, English oak, silver lime, narrow-leafed ash and common alder. Along with those above, it is completed by a great diversity of sub-shrub species.
It is also home to a rich faunal assemblage, including the red-footed falcon, the white-tailed eagle, the roller, the hoopoe, the Vipera ursinii and the Danube Delta horse. There are approximately 1600 insect species identified from the reservation.
References
External links
Danube Delta - Letea Forest
Danube Delta Attractions
Danube Delta Biosphere Reserve - UNESCO World Heritage Center
1938 establishments in Romania
National parks of Romania
Tourist attractions in Tulcea County
Flora of Romania
Nature reserves in Romania
Geography of Tulcea County
Vladimir Borisovich Obukhov (; born 8 February 1992) is a Russian professional football player. He is under contract with FC Orenburg.
Club career
Obukhov made his Russian Premier League debut for FC Spartak Moscow on 15 April 2012 in a game against FC Rubin Kazan.
On 4 July 2019, Obukhov signed a 2-year contract with Russian Premier League club PFC Sochi. On 2 September 2019, Obukhov's Sochi contract was terminated by mutual consent. Obukhov returned to FC Tambov on the same day, signing a 2-year contract.
Rostov
On 1 October 2020, Obukhov signed for FC Rostov.
On 15 March 2021, it was reported that FIFA opened an investigation into Obukhov on suspicion of violating anti-doping rules in 2013. On 18 July 2021, he was banned from playing until the end of 2021.
Rostov terminated Obukhov's contract with the club on 9 August 2021.
Orenburg
On 9 December 2021, he signed with FC Orenburg. On 28 June 2022, Orenburg announced that Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled in favor of World Anti-Doping Agency on their appeal in Obukhov's case, and as a consequence, Obukhov received an additional six-months ban from playing. The club said Obukhov will return to the team upon serving the new ban.
References
External links
1992 births
People from Bukhara
Uzbekistani people of Russian descent
Uzbekistani footballers
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Russian Premier League players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
FC Mordovia Saransk players
FC Tambov players
PFC Sochi players
FC Rostov players
FC Spartak-2 Moscow players
FC Orenburg players
David IV of Georgia was King of Georgia in the 11th and 12th centuries.
David IV also refers to:
David IV, Catholicos-Patriarch of Georgia
the Caucasian Albanian Catholicos, see List of Caucasian Albanian catholicoi
The Bluegrass Conference is a high school sports league in Iowa. Located in South-central Iowa, the conference is home to some of the smallest schools in the state, including three of the smallest public schools in Iowa (Orient-Macksburg, Diagonal, and Moulton-Udell).
Members
History
The conference originated before 1960. Some of the members in the early days included Osceola, Bedford, Mount Ayr, Lamoni, Seymour, Corydon, and Leon. Lenox and Mormon Trail of Humeston joined the conference in 1960, as Osceola departed. In 1962, four schools left the conference to join the newly formed Tall Corn Conference. This left the conference with Lamoni, Leon, Mormon Trail, Corydon, Seymour, and Moravia. As the years went by, some schools changed names and Southeast Warren and Melcher-Dallas joined the conference, so that by 1990 the conference looked like this:
Lamoni
Melcher-Dallas
Moravia
Mormon Trail
Wayne
S.E. Warren
Central Decatur (of Leon)
Seymour
After losing some of the bigger schools to other conferences, the Bluegrass reached out to many of the smaller schools in the area. These new schools were some of the smallest in the state. The Bluegrass Conference operated with 12 teams for a while, but with three schools having been shut down in recent years, the conference is now left with just nine schools. In 2002, Fox Valley Community School in Milton closed its doors, after the district voted to shut down the school and allow the pupils to open enroll where they wished. The next casualty came in 2008, when Russell became the first public school to be shut down by the state in over a decade. East Monona had been the most recent. Then, in 2010, Lineville-Clio was closed by the state. Currently, the conference hosts four of the six smallest public schools in the state, with Diagonal (26 BEDs), Orient-Macksburg (35), Moulton-Udell (38), and Mormon Trail (45). Not all conference schools are in as bad of shape when it comes to enrollment numbers, but all schools are easily in the 1A classification (the smallest classification for schools in Iowa).
Starting in the 2013-14 academic year, the following schools joined the conference:
Ankeny Christian Academy (Ankeny)
Grand View Christian School (Des Moines)
Iowa Christian Academy (West Des Moines)
Orient-Macksburg
Despite the enrollment figures, all schools but Diagonal and Orient-Macksburg play football, fielding 8-man teams. Before Russell and Fox Valley shut down, they also played 8-man football. Most of the schools also field teams in baseball, softball, volleyball, basketball, and track and field.
Iowa Christian Academy officials announced on November 28, 2018, that the school would close. Students were encouraged to attend Grandview Christian School.
References
External links
Official website
High school sports in Iowa
Introduce Yourself is Faith No More's second studio album, released in 1987. Due to the limited availability of the first album, We Care a Lot (until it was re-released on CD years later), many, including the band, once considered this Faith No More's true debut album. Being the group's major label debut, this album features better production than its predecessor, which is most evident on this album's version of the song "We Care a Lot," which also features updated, more topical, lyrics. It was the last album Chuck Mosley appeared on with the band.
Background
Faith No More's debut album We Care a Lot was released in 1985 through independent label Mordam Records. In late 1986, Faith No More was signed to Los Angeles label Slash Records by Anna Statman. The label had recently been sold to the Warner Music Group subsidiary London Records, ensuring a widespread release, distribution and marketing for the band's forthcoming album.
Music videos featuring the band members were made for the songs "We Care a Lot" and "Anne's Song". "Chinese Arithmetic" was also released as a single.
Songs
The title track was originally called "The Cheerleader Song". It was written on Faith No More's first nationwide tour of the United States in 1986, as they were on their way from South Dakota to Portland, Oregon, and driving through Missoula, Montana. Keyboardist Roddy Bottum became inspired to write the song when the band went to a truck stop for coffee. He came up with the lyrics on the next leg of the journey, while sitting in the passenger seat of the band's Dodge.
Regarding the song "Death March", singer Chuck Mosley said in 1988, "A friend of mine, doing a lot of drugs, just went out in the ocean and drowned. I used to be on the beach all the time and I got the feeling that he was so fucked up when he drowned that he doesn't even realise he's dead. He's out there, still swimming around. 'Death March' is someone talking to their dead lover, the soul lingering on."
Unlike with the band's prior release We Care a Lot, much of the album has been played regularly with Mosley's replacement, Mike Patton. However, there is only one known performance of "Faster Disco" with Patton on vocals, at a 1990 concert in Kaiserslautern, Germany. "Anne's Song" is one of three Mosley songs to have never been sung live by Patton, with the others being "Arabian Disco" and "New Beginnings", both from We Care a Lot.
Touring and promotion
After the album's release, Faith No More joined fellow funk metal/punk band Red Hot Chili Peppers on The Uplift Mofo Party Tour. Faith No More opened for the Red Hot Chili Peppers during the first two and a half months of the North American tour. Guitarist Jim Martin recalled: "We were travelling in a box van with no windows. We drove all the way to the east coast for the first show. Flea asked me if we liked to smoke weed. I said: ‘Yes' and he said: ‘We're going to get along just fine'. We did something like 52 dates in 56 days." The band's future singer Mike Patton later became involved in several controversies and disputes with Anthony Kiedis, frontman of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. To further promote the album, Faith No More embarked on their first tour of the UK in 1988.
Release history
The album was originally released in April 1987 on vinyl and cassette. The album cover for this release is a centered ink splatter, with text to the extremes of the cover. The tape has a larger smear of the ink that looks more like a green spot. The second release of this album was on November 15, 1996, through Slash/Uni Records, and also featured the centered ink splatter. The last North American release of this album was on October 17, 2000, through Slash/Rhino Records; they later released This Is It: The Best of Faith No More in 2003. This version has a close-up of the ink splatter with the wording a bit further from the edges.
Reception
The record has garnered positive reviews from music critics, although as with the band's previous studio effort We Care a Lot, some criticisms have been directed at vocalist Chuck Mosley. AllMusic stated that "the album is consistent and interesting, with Mosley's out-of-tune vocals being an acquired taste to most". In 1988, Neil Perry of Sounds Magazine referred to the album as "a breathtaking harmonisation of molten metal guitar, deadly dance rhythms and poignant, pointed lyrics".
Legacy
Producer Matt Wallace claimed it was an "overlooked FNM record" in 2016.
Louder Sound wrote in 2020, "Introduce Yourself is an irresistibly charming record [...] In the same way that Paul Di'Anno's voice on early Iron Maiden sounds lovably rugged when contrasted with their slick later work, Chuck Mosely's goofy, purposefully-underachieving vocals smother these songs in a huge dollop of infectious playfulness – something that Patton's studied delivery could never quite emulate."
While Mike Patton dismissed the band's debut We Care a Lot as "bad hippie music", he has admitted to having a fondness for Introduce Yourself.
Track listing
Personnel
Band members
Mike Bordin – drums, congas, backing vocals
Roddy Bottum – keyboards, backing vocals
Billy Gould – bass, backing vocals
Jim Martin – guitar, backing vocals
Chuck Mosley – lead vocals
Production
Steve Berlin – producer
Matt Wallace – producer, engineer
Jim "Watts" Verecke – assistant engineer
John Golden – mastering
Lendon Flanagan – photography
Bob Biggs – artwork
Jeff Price – artwork
Accolades
Footnotes
1987 albums
Albums produced by Matt Wallace
Faith No More albums
Funk metal albums
Rap metal albums
Slash Records albums
Wonji-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Seocho-gu in Seoul, South Korea. It is a legal dong (법정동 ) administered under its administrative dong (행정동 ), Yangjae 2-dong.
See also
Yeomgokcheon (염곡천 廉谷川)
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Seocho-gu official website
Seocho-gu map at the Seocho-gu official website
The Yangjae 2-dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Seocho District
Alderville is one of two reserves of the Alderville First Nation, along with Sugar Island 37A. Alderville consists of six non-contiguous areas surrounded by the township of Alnwick/Haldimand. It was previously known as Alderville 37.
References
Mississauga reserves in Ontario
Municipalities in Northumberland County, Ontario
Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli is a racing game developed by Eutechnyx and published by System 3, based on the Ferrari Challenge, a single-marque motorsport championship. It is available on Nintendo and Sony platforms in the Western world, and is exclusively available for download on the PlayStation 3 in Korea. The game features 14 playable tracks and Ferrari's own Fiorano test track (for training using a solitary F430 Challenge), a vinyl editor and online play for all versions except the PS2. The Nintendo DS version features wireless multiplayer and the Wii version utilizes Wii Remote steering and support for the Wii Wheel. The game primarily features the driving and racing of the Ferrari F430 Challenge, along with a series of Ferrari road and racing cars that can be unlocked.
Gameplay
Driving is less arcade style and more of a simulation. It has a driving experience that is somewhere between Gran Turismo and the Need for Speed games or Race Driver: Grid. All console versions support multiple control schemes, allowing the use of wireless Logitech racing wheels, while the Wii version can be played with the Wii Remote held sideways or the Wii Remote and Nunchuk, with steering handled by either the Wii Wheel or the D-pad for the former.
The driving tutorial helps the player to get used to the driving experience. The player drives two laps around the Fiorano Circuit (Ferrari's real test track) with the Ferrari F430 Challenge car with professional race driver Tiff Needell talking and walking through the steps of how to get the most speed out of the F430. There are four main areas the tutorial focuses on: throttle control, use of brakes, apex accuracy, and race line accuracy. There is also a card-playing minigame that is accessible between races.
The cars in the game range from road cars to GT production vehicles. The main car of the game is the F430 Challenge, which does not have to be unlocked and appears at the beginning. The other cars are unlocked by winning trophies with different cars or progressing through the Challenge mode of the game. Despite System 3's claims of over 50 Ferraris on disc, no one has ever found more than 22. The in-game tips actually mention the presence of only 22 cars. There are more included in the DLCs, but the idea of 50 cars is supported by the ability to have up to 64 cars in the Showroom feature of the game.
Release
Trofeo Pirelli was released in 2008 in the Western world on the Wii, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2 and the Nintendo DS. Five years later, the PlayStation 3 version was made available to download in Korea.
Downloadable content
The PlayStation 3 version of the game features two additional downloadable content packs that can be acquired once the game is updated to its latest version. The packs feature unlockable cars and tracks that can also be obtained individually.
"Pack 1 - Ferrari Pack" contains one new track (Nürburgring GP track) and five new Ferrari cars: Enzo Ferrari, 430 Scuderia, F330 P4, 599 GTB Fiorano and 612 Scaglietti Sessanta. This pack was released in 2009.
"Pack 2" contains one new track (Riviera street circuit) and five new Ferrari cars: 288 GTO, 365 GTS, F430 Spider, F512M 1994 and F40 GT. This pack was released in 2010.
Deluxe edition
System 3 also released a cheaper version of Trofeo Pirelli the following year in Europe, titling it Ferrari Challenge: Deluxe and adding new cover art to market it as a budget edition. It is available on the same platforms as the original release.
Reception
The game received "mixed or average" reviews on all platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.
The Brazilian site Baixaki Jogos rated the PlayStation 3 version of Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli 7.4 out of 10, while the Nintendo Wii version received 6.5 out of 10.
Expanded sequel
Ferrari The Race Experience is a racing simulator and an expanded sequel to Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli. It was also developed by Eutechnyx and published by System 3. Ferrari The Race Experience was released for the PlayStation Network in 2010, and on PlayStation 3 disc in 2011. The retail release for the Nintendo Wii was released in 2011, exclusively in Europe.
The majority of the 17 circuits and 32 cars have been recycled from Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli (including both DLC packs). Vehicle roster is now extended to include Ferrari models 599XX and 458 Italia. There is a new career mode, with three racing classes (covering Classic cars, GT Road cars and GT Race cars). The PS3 version has also 1-16 player LAN and online multiplayer.
References
External links
Official website
Ferrari Challenge official website
2008 video games
Eutechnyx games
Ferrari video games
Nintendo DS games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Portable games
Racing video games
Wii games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games set in Virginia
Firebrand Games games
Josh Wagner (born August 19, 1975) is a novelist and playwright from Missoula, Montana. He also writes graphic novels, short stories, and screenplays. His style is heavily influenced by metafiction, folk tales, and magical realism. His work is best categorized as part of the Slipstream (genre).
Biography
Comics
Wagner's first comic story appeared in the Eisner-nominated anthology 24Seven vol. 2, published by Image Comics in 2007. His first creator owned mini-series, Fiction Clemens came out in 2008 through Ape Entertainment. Fiction Clemens won an award in 2009 for "Best Storyline" from Project Fanboy. The Image Comics anthology Outlaw Territory carried stories by Wagner in volumes 1 and 2 (released 2009 and 2011 respectively). In September, 2009 Image Comics launched a five-issue series written by Wagner, called The Sky Pirates of Neo Terra based on the Nintendo Wii and DS game of the same name. Sky Pirates is illustrated by the Canadian artist Camilla d'Errico.
Novels and Short Stories
His first short story, The Finger, was published in Lost Worlds Magazine in 1992. His personal style began to take shape in the early 2000s with short works published in surrealist journals such as The Cafe Irreal. His first novel, The Adventures of the Imagination of Periphery Stowe published in 2004 by BAM Publications, led directly to the development of Fiction Clemens. Other novels include Deadwind Sea, released in January, 2010, and Smashing Laptops, released in November, 2011. Smashing Laptops and Deadwind Sea were both reprinted in 2014 by Asymmetrical Press, the publishing group owned by The Minimalists. Two of Wagner's experiments with surreal horror fiction have been published in the acclaimed Lovecraft eZine.
Wagner recently collaborated with artist Theo Ellsworth on a short illustrated book called Mystery Mark.
His most recent novel, Shapes the Sunlight Takes, was released through Asymmetrical Press in January, 2015. In December of the same year Asymmetrical released Wagner's first collection of short stories and poetry, Nothing In Mind. He is currently living abroad, working on a series of books entitled The Changing Things.
Film and Stage
Film credits include musical score, editing, screenwriting, and production. His first full short, Adam Funn, completed in late 2009, was a finalist in the 2nd Annual Openfilm "Get It Made" Competition.
The Montana Actor's Theater produced his first stage play Salep & Silk in the fall of 2010 in conjunction with the Silk Road restaurant and the Crystal Theater in Missoula, Montana. In 2012 his dark comedy, Ringing Out, a post-apocalyptic Christmas play, was produced in the Crystal Theater.
His one-act contemporary western, Bleach Bone, was accepted into the 2012 New Rocky Mountain Voices competition and was produced at the Historic Jones Theater in Westcliffe, Colorado during the summer of 2012. Bleach Bone, has been made into a short film featuring actress Lily Gladstone and is currently in post-production.
Wagner spearheaded a devised theatre production entitled Thisillusionment with Viscosity Theatre in 2013. Mystery Mark, a theatrical installation, launched in 2014 along with his book of the same name co-created and illustrated by artist Theo Ellsworth.
Poetry
Wagner's poetry has been published internationally in print and online magazines such as SpeedPoets and The Nervous Breakdown.
Notes
References
External links
Mention in 24Seven Review at Entertainment Weekly
Interview with Josh Wagner at the Missoula Independent
Review of Fiction Clemens at Ain't It Cool News
Review of Wagner's first produced Stageplay at the Missoula Independent
Review of Fiction Clemens at CHUD.com
Eel String, St. poem published at The Nervous Breakdown.
Salep & Silk, Wagner's first produced stage play, can be viewed in its entirety on Vimeo.
Smashing Laptops review.
Ringing Out review.
1975 births
American comics writers
Living people
Huw Jones may refer to:
Huw Jones (bishop) (1934–2016), Welsh Anglican bishop
Huw Jones (cricketer) (born 1980), English cricketer
Huw Jones (rugby union) (born 1993), Scottish rugby union player
Huw Robert Jones (1894–1930), Welsh nationalist activist
Huw Ceredig Jones (1942–2011), Welsh actor
Simon Huw Jones (born 1960), British musician
Huw Jones (singer), singer-songwriter, co-founder in 1969 of the Welsh record label Sain
Aegicetus is an extinct genus of protocetid whale based on a partial skull with much of an associated postcranial skeleton discovered in Egypt. It lived around 35 million years ago (during the Late Eocene), making it the youngest known protocetid to date. Aegicetus was discovered in 2007 at Wadi El Hitan (Gehannam Formation) as a relatively complete skeleton and a partial second specimen. They were assigned to a new genus and species in 2019 by Philip D. Gingerich et al.
Aegicetus is reported to have been intermediate in form and functionally transitional in having a larger and more powerful vertebral column of a tail-powered swimmer. It differs from Peregocetus by lacking a firm sacroiliac joint and from Rodhocetus by having smaller hind feet, indicating it were less capable of moving on land and relied less on its hind limbs to propel through the water.
References
Protocetidae
Fossils_of_Egypt
Taxa named by Philip D. Gingerich
Fossil taxa described in 2019
Prehistoric cetacean genera
Faragouaran is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 6,971.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Hamid Samandarian ; May 6, 1931 – July 12, 2012) was an Iranian film and theater director and translator. He staged numerous dramas including No Exit by Jean-Paul Sartre, Ghosts by Henrik Ibsen, The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee Williams and Marriage of Mr. Mississippi by Friedrich Durrenmatt.
Having established many acting and directing classes and workshops, Samandarian trained many Iranian actors and directors including; Ezzatolah Entezami, Reza Kianian, Golab Adineh, Mehdi Hashemi, Shahab Hosseini, Hojjat Baqaee٫ Parviz Poorhosseini, Ahmad Aghalou, etc. He married Homa Rousta, an Iranian film and theater actress.
Teaching
Danial Hakimi was one of his students.
Theater
He translated and then staged many famous plays written by famous playwrights during his lifetime such as Friedrich Durrenmatt, Bertolt Brecht, Anton Chekhov, Eugène Ionesco, Arthur Miller, Max Frisch, Tennessee Williams, Jean-Paul Sartre, and Henrik Ibsen.
The Visit of the Lady, Friedrich Dürrenmatt – 2008
The Caucasian Chalk Circle, Bertolt Brecht – 1999
The Marriage of Mr. Mississippi, Friedrich Dürrenmatt – 1990
The Seagull, Anton Chekhov – 1978
Play Strindberg, Friedrich Dürrenmatt – 1973 and 2000
Rhinoceros, Eugène Ionesco – 1973
A View from the Bridge, Arthur Miller – 1970
Andorra, Max Frisch – 1968
The Forced Marriage, Molière – 1965
The Glass Menagerie, Tennessee Williams – 1964
Morts sans sépulture, Jean-Paul Sartre – 1964 and 1979
Ghosts, Henrik Ibsen – 1964
His translation of Bertolt Brecht's play Life of Galileo was published in 2014.
Cinema
He directed one film, All the Temptations of the Earth, in 1989.
Written works
Many of his translations are published to Persian readership. Other than translations, some interviews with Samandarian are published. One book-length instance is in sahne khaneye man ast ("This Stage is my House"). He is also one of the directors whose talks are included in Ahmad Kamyabi Mask's important Qu'a-t-on fait de Rhinocéros d'Eugène Ionesco à travers le monde?: Allemagne, France, Roumanie, Iran, Japon, U.S.A..
References
External links
1931 births
2012 deaths
Iranian film directors
Iranian theatre directors
Burials at artist's block of Behesht-e Zahra
A Cat Abroad is the second short novel by Peter Gethers that documents his life with his cat Norton, a Scottish Fold. It was preceded by The Cat Who Went to Paris and followed by The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton, the Perfect Cat, and His Imperfect Human. A Cat Abroad documents Gether's and Norton's time living in a foreign country and describes not only their relationship and experiences but also the intricacies and difficulties of living in a small hamlet in a foreign country.
Scottish Fold
1993 American novels
American autobiographical novels
Novels about cats
American memoirs
S. brasiliensis may refer to:
Salminus brasiliensis, the golden dorado, a large river fish species found in South America
Scomberomorus brasiliensis, the Serra Spanish mackerel, a fish species found in the Atlantic
Scutiger brasiliensis, a fungus species in the genus Scutiger
Senecio brasiliensis, the flor-das-almas, a perennial plant species native to the fields and meadows of central South America
Sinningia brasiliensis, a flowering plant in the genus Sinningia
Sphenodiscus brasiliensis, an extinct ammonite species with fossils found along the banks of the Rio Gramame in Brazil
Sylvilagus brasiliensis, the Tapeti, Brazilian rabbit or forest rabbit, a cottontail rabbit species found in Central and South America
Synonyms
Scymnus brasiliensis, a synonym for Isistius brasiliensis, the cookiecutter shark, a shark species
See also
Enerthenema is a genus of slime molds in the family Amaurochaetaceae. As of 2015, there are four species in the genus.
References
Myxogastria
Amoebozoa genera
John Groff (February 14, 1890 – October 2, 1990) was a brigadier general in the United States Marine Corps whose military career spanned from 1912 to 1946. Groff was a highly decorated veteran of World War I, earning the Navy Cross, Distinguished Service Cross, Silver Star, and Purple Heart medals. He also participated in the Banana Wars (in Mexico, the Dominican Republic, Haiti, and Nicaragua), and World War II. At the time of his death in 1990 at age 100, BG Groff was the oldest surviving general officer in the Marine Corps.
Early life
Groff was born February 14, 1890, in Syracuse, New York. He attended public school in Syracuse from 1897 to 1904 and in West Chester, Pennsylvania from 1905 to 1908. Prior to enlisting in the Marine Corps, he worked as a sailmaker in Wilmington, Delaware.
Early career: Mexico and Haiti
Groff enlisted in the Marine Corps on October 9, 1912, at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Following initial training and a brief two-month stint at Camp Meyer, Cuba in 1913, Groff was assigned to the 46th Company, Special Service Squadron, which sailed for Mexico in April 1914 on board the . While the New York arrived too late to take part in the actual Battle of Veracruz, Groff participated in the United States occupation of Veracruz from May–June 1914. He spent most of the remainder of the year as a gun striker with the 46th Co., 5th Marine Regiment on board the near Santo Domingo City, Dominican Republic.
In 1915, Haiti was rocked by revolutions, which had begun the previous year. By then, Groff was a member of the Marine Detachment on board the . He participated in the initial landing force engagement at Port-au-Prince on July 28, 1915. For the remainder of the year, Groff was temporarily assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment for garrison and occupation duty in the city.
Groff, then a corporal, returned to the United States in early 1916, where he became a plankowner on the .
World War I
At the outbreak of World War I, Groff's experience in the Banana Wars led to his rapid promotion from corporal to sergeant and then gunnery sergeant. He sailed for France as a member of the 83rd Company, 6th Marine Regiment, which was part of the 2nd Division, American Expeditionary Force. Groff was wounded in action (minor gunshot) and was cited for gallantry on multiple occasions during the Battle of Belleau Wood in June 1918. For his actions, he was awarded the Navy Cross, Distinguished Service Cross, and Silver Star citation. As the result of his heroics, Groff also received a battlefield promotion to 2nd Lieutenant in July 1918. After being commissioned as an officer, he was subsequently assigned to the 97th Company, 6th Marines, where he remained until the end of the war. His official World War I Victory Medal campaign credits include Aisne, Aisne-Marne, Meuse-Argonne, and Defensive Sector. Following the cessation of hostilities in November 1918, Groff stayed in Germany until April 1919 as part of the United States Third Army's occupation forces.
Navy Cross citation
"The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Cross to Gunnery Sergeant John Groff (MCSN: 99252), United States Marine Corps, for extraordinary heroism while serving with the 83d Company, 6th Regiment (Marines), 2d Division, A.E.F. in action in the Bois-de-Belleau, France, on 6 June 1918. While out with a patrol to obtain information essential to his commander, Gunnery Sergeant Groff was attacked by a German patrol of superior numbers. With six men he attacked the enemy, inflicted heavy losses upon them, and drove them back into the German lines."
Distinguished Service Cross citation
"The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 9, 1918, takes pleasure in presenting the Distinguished Service Cross to Gunnery Sergeant John Groff (MCSN: 99252), United States Marine Corps, for extraordinary heroism while serving with the Eighty-Third Company, Sixth Regiment (Marines), 2d Division, A.E.F., in action in the Bois-de-Belleau, France, on 6 June 1918. While out with a patrol to obtain information essential to his commander, Gunnery Sergeant Groff was attacked by a German patrol of superior numbers. With six men he attacked the enemy, inflicted heavy losses upon them, and drove them back into the German lines."
Award authorized by War Department, General Orders Number 110 (1918).
Silver Star citation
"By direction of the President, under the provisions of the act of Congress approved July 9, 1918 (Bulletin Number 43, War Department, 1918), Gunnery Sergeant John Groff, United States Marine Corps, is cited by the Commanding General, SECOND Division, American Expeditionary Forces, for gallantry in action and a silver star may be placed upon the ribbon of the Victory Medals awarded him. Gunnery Sergeant Groff distinguished himself while serving with the 83d Company, Sixth Regiment (Marines), 2d Division, American Expeditionary Forces at Chateau-Thierry, France, 6 June – 10 July 1918."
Inter-war years
After World War I, Groff was discharged from the Marine Corps on September 22, 1919. He rejoined the Marine Corps in April 1921 and accepted a permanent commission as a first lieutenant. Shortly thereafter, he was promoted to captain on July 25, 1921, and assigned to Headquarters Company, 10th Marine Regiment, where he served as the signal officer and HQ company commander.
In March 1924, Groff returned to Haiti as the commanding officer of the 148th Company, 8th Marine Regiment, 1st Brigade. He remained in and around Port-au-Prince until February 1926, serving in various units, including Post Headquarters and 36th Company, 1st Brigade, and Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 2nd Marine Regiment.
Upon returning to the United States in March 1926, Captain Groff was assigned to Headquarters Company, 5th Marine Regiment in Quantico, Virginia. When the 5th Marines deployed to Nicaragua in January 1927, Groff served as battalion executive officer until July 1927. For his service in Nicaragua, Groff received an official commendation from the commanding general of 2nd Brigade, USMC.
Groff served at the Marine Barracks, Lakehurst Naval Air Station, New Jersey from August 1927 to May 1929. In July 1929, he returned to Port-au-Prince, Haiti as the Officer-in-Charge Naval Radio Station and Signal Officer of the Brigade Signal Company, 1st Brigade, a duty he retained until May 1931.
After serving several months at the Marine Corps Headquarters in Washington, D.C. and at the Army Quartermaster Subsistence School in Chicago, Illinois, Groff was assigned as the post communications officer, 1st Signal Company, Marine Barracks, at Quantico, Virginia in October 1932. He served in that capacity until August 1936.
In July 1937, Groff, then a major, was transferred to Headquarters Company, Fleet Marine Force, Marine Barracks, San Diego, California, where he served as the fleet communication officer until May 1939.
World War II
Despite requesting overseas duty, Groff remained in the United States for the duration of World War II. In June 1939, he took command of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot in San Diego, California. Additional duties included being the Officer-in-Charge of Drills and Instructions. While the commanding officer of the Recruit Depot, Groff innovated new techniques for improving the efficiency and morale of his new recruits. In October 1939, Groff originated an "Honor Man" plan to promote competition among recruits. Each platoon had one squad leader selected as demonstrating leadership and cooperation. The most competent recruit in each platoon was awarded a special badge. Likewise, in 1941, he experimented with organizing platoons based on recruits' blood types to potentially facilitate blood transfusions at advanced dressing stations. From December 1944 to November 1945, Groff served as chief of staff assigned to Headquarters Company, Base Headquarters Battalion, Marine Corps Base, San Diego.
Colonel Groff was promoted to the rank of brigadier general on March 1, 1946, and retired shortly thereafter.
Navy Commendation citation
For his service during World War II, Groff was awarded the Navy Commendation Ribbon (later Navy Commendation Medal).
"The Secretary of the Navy takes pleasure in commending COLONEL JOHN GROFF, UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS for service as set forth in the following CITATION: For meritorious service while attached to Marine Corps Base, San Diego, California, as Commanding Officer, Recruit Depot, from June to December 1944, and as Chief of Staff to the Commanding General from December 1944 to November 1945. Colonel Groff, by his tireless efforts, contributed greatly to the war effort by his supervision of the highly important task of training thousands of recruits. As Chief of Staff, by his superior knowledge of administrative affairs and devotion to duty, he successfully coordinated training and numerous other important activities on this large base. His initiative and outstanding performance of duty throughout this period have been in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Naval Service."
Later life and death
Following his retirement from the Marine Corps in 1946, General Groff worked as a civilian for the Hughes Aircraft Company and the Douglas Aircraft Company before finally retiring in 1953. Groff died of a heart attack in Oceanside, California on October 2, 1990, at the age of 100. He is interred at Riverside National Cemetery.
References
This article incorporates public domain material from documents of the United States Marine Corps:
U.S. Marine Corps Muster Rolls, 1893–1958; (National Archives Microfilm Publication T977, 460 rolls); Records of the U.S. Marine Corps, Record Group 127; National Archives, Washington, D.C.; and John Groff's U.S. Marine Corps Service Record
Wilkerson, John. "About the 'Honor Men'." The Leatherneck 26.5 (1943): 49. Print.
External links
https://www.nytimes.com/1990/10/06/obituaries/brig-gen-john-groff-dies-at-100-a-marine-hero-of-belleau-wood.html
https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=950&dat=19410403&id=vQxQAAAAIBAJ&sjid=OVUDAAAAIBAJ&pg=4390,5123966
http://articles.latimes.com/1990-02-17/local/me-591_1_marine-corps
1890 births
1990 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
Burials at Riverside National Cemetery
People from Oceanside, California
Military personnel from Syracuse, New York
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Silver Star
United States Marine Corps generals
Military personnel from California
The eighteenth season of The Ellen DeGeneres Show (often stylized as ellen18) began airing on Monday, September 21, 2020.
Episodes
References
External links
18
2020 American television seasons
2021 American television seasons
Television series impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
École St. Joseph School is an elementary/middle school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by the Yellowknife Catholic School Board. The school was opened in September 1978 and is named in honour of the Sisters of St. Joseph.
In addition to English, St. Joseph's offers the French immersion program for all students. The school had a severe fire caused by arson in 2006, causing the students in the 2006–2007 school year to be held at three different schools. The school went through major renovations until 2010 when all students were brought back to the main building.
See also
List of schools in the Northwest Territories
References
School's website
Yellowknife Catholic Schools
External links
St. Joseph School at Yellowknife Catholic Schools
Education in Yellowknife
Middle schools in the Northwest Territories
Elementary schools in the Northwest Territories
Roman Catholic schools in the Northwest Territories
The Journal of Modern History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering European intellectual, political, and cultural history, published by the University of Chicago Press. Established in 1929, the journal covers events from approximately 1500 to the present, with a geographical scope extending from the United Kingdom through the European continent, including Russia and the Balkans.
Editors and editorial board
The Journal of Modern History is coedited by John W. Boyer, Jan E. Goldstein, and Fredrik Albritton Jonsson (University of Chicago). Previous editors include Sheila Fitzpatrick, Hanna Gray, William Hardy McNeill, and Bernadotte Schmitt.
Format and contents
The journal publishes articles and book reviews. On occasion, it has published special issues focusing on specific topics.
The Chester Penn Higby Prize
Chester Penn Higby (1886–1966) served on the history faculty at the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1927 to 1956, and was one of the founders of the Journal of Modern History. He also served as the first president of the Modern European History Section of the American Historical Association. Upon his retirement, several of his former students established a trust fund to provide a cash prize for the best article published in the journal. The prize is awarded during even-numbered years, and past winners have included Jan E. Goldstein, William W. Hagen, Susan Pedersen, and Heinrich August Winkler.
References
External links
1956-2010 Higby Prize winners list
University of Chicago Press academic journals
History journals
Publications established in 1927
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Scott Falls is a waterfall located along highway M-28 in Alger County, Michigan near the town of Au Train. The falls drop about over a sandstone cliff into a small pool. The falls can be seen from the highway; they are across the road from the H.J. Rathfoot State Roadside Park.
References
Michigan Interactive
Great Lakes Waterfalls
Waterfalls of Michigan
Landforms of Alger County, Michigan
Tourist attractions in Alger County, Michigan
Articles containing video clips
Bar recursion is a generalized form of recursion developed by C. Spector in his 1962 paper. It is related to bar induction in the same fashion that primitive recursion is related to ordinary induction, or transfinite recursion is related to transfinite induction.
Technical definition
Let V, R, and O be types, and i am any natural number, representing a sequence of parameters taken from V. Then the function sequence f of functions fn from Vi+n → R to O is defined by bar recursion from the functions Ln : R → O and B with Bn : ((Vi+n → R) x (Vn → R)) → O if:
fn((λα:Vi+n)r) = Ln(r) for any r long enough that Ln+k on any extension of r equals Ln. Assuming L is a continuous sequence, there must be such r, because a continuous function can use only finitely much data.
fn(p) = Bn(p, (λx:V)fn+1(cat(p, x))) for any p in Vi+n → R.
Here "cat" is the concatenation function, sending p, x to the sequence which starts with p, and has x as its last term.
(This definition is based on the one by Escardó and Oliva.)
Provided that for every sufficiently long function (λα)r of type Vi → R, there is some n with Ln(r) = Bn((λα)r, (λx:V)Ln+1(r)), the bar induction rule ensures that f is well-defined.
The idea is that one extends the sequence arbitrarily, using the recursion term B to determine the effect, until a sufficiently long node of the tree of sequences over V is reached; then the base term L determines the final value of f. The well-definedness condition corresponds to the requirement that every infinite path must eventually pass through a sufficiently long node: the same requirement that is needed to invoke a bar induction.
The principles of bar induction and bar recursion are the intuitionistic equivalents of the axiom of dependent choices.
References
Recursion
Fabrosaurus ( ) is an extinct genus of ornithischian dinosaur that lived during the Early Jurassic during the Hettangian to Sinemurian stages 199 - 189 mya. It was originally placed within the now obsolete family Fabrosauridae (now considered basal Ornithischia).
Fabrosaurus was named and described by paleontologist Leonard Ginsburg in 1964 based on the holotype specimen, a partial jawbone with three teeth. The name Fabrosaurus means "Fabre's lizard", honoring Jean Fabre, a French geologist and a colleague of Ginsburg on the expedition that collected the fossil in Basutoland (now Lesotho). The type species, F. australis, was named for the location of the fossil in the Elliot Formation, Lesotho, Southern Africa (australis being Latin for "southern"). Fabrosaurus was initially placed within Scelidosauridae by Ginsburg (1964), but later studies have placed it as a basal ornithischian.
Subsequent discoveries included two crushed skulls and disarticulated post-cranial bones (including vertebrae, ribs, and limb bones), allowing for a more complete reconstruction. However, as additional ornithischian fossils were discovered, the features of F. australis were thought to be shared by other species, and by the 1990s and 2000s most authors working with the group found Fabrosaurus to be a nomen dubium (doubtful name), finding the holotype material described by Ginsburg to be insufficient to distinguish a new taxon. Some claim the fossils represent simple variation of Lesothosaurus, which is regarded as a valid taxon.
References
Ornithischian genera
Early Jurassic dinosaurs of Africa
Nomina dubia
Fossil taxa described in 1964
Paleontology in Lesotho
The rivière Ferrée flows in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in the province of Quebec, in Canada, in the regional county municipalities of:
MRC of Rimouski-Neigette Regional County Municipality: Rimouski Wildlife Reserve;
MRC of La Mitis Regional County Municipality: unorganized territory Lac-des-Eaux-Mortes (Rimouski county).
The Ferrée river is a tributary of the southwest shore of the Lac des Eaux Mortes which is crossed by the Mistigougèche River; the latter flows to the southwest shore of the Mitis River, which flows northwest to the southeast coast of the St. Lawrence River where it flows at height of Sainte-Flavie and Grand-Métis.
Geography
The Ferrée river rises at Lac Ferré (length: ; altitude: ), in the form of a hook, located in the northern part of the Rimouski Wildlife Reserve. The mouth of Lac Ferré is located north of the border with New Brunswick, southeast of the south-eastern shore of St. Lawrence River, at south-east of the center of the village of Saint-Narcisse-de-Rimouski, at south-west of the village center of Les Hauteurs and south-east of the northwest limit of the Rimouski Wildlife Reserve.
From its source, the Ferrée river flows over , divided into the following segments:
south-east, up to the outlet of "Lac du Faisan" (coming from the south);
eastward, to the outlet of Lac David (coming from the south);
northeasterly, to the limit of the regional county municipality of La Mitis Regional County Municipality;
north-east, to the bridge of a forest road;
northeasterly, to its confluence.
The Ferrée river flows on the western shore of the Lac des Eaux Mortes, on the north side of the Baie de la Ferrée and opposite the confluence of the Source stream. This confluence is located southeast of the southeastern limit of the municipality Les Hauteurs, upstream of the dam mouth of Lac des Eaux Mortes and southeast of the southeast coast of the St. Lawrence River.
Toponymy
The river Ferrée toponym was formalized on December 5, 1968 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
References
Appendices
See also
La Mitis Regional County Municipality
Rimouski Wildlife Reserve
Lac-des-Eaux-Mortes, an unorganized territory
St. Lawrence River
Mitis River, a stream
Mistigougèche River, a stream
Lac des Eaux Mortes, a body of water
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Minkema College is a secondary school in the city of Woerden, Netherlands. The school has two locations—on Minkemalaan and on Steinhagenseweg —teaching all forms of Dutch secondary education.
Notable alumni
KANKER WEIMER, multiple road and track cycling world champion
Simon van der Geest, writer and poet
Chris Krediet, Royal Air Force pilot
See also
Kalsbeek College
List of schools in the Netherlands
References
.
Secondary schools in the Netherlands
Schools in Utrecht (province)
Woerden
Asemonea maculata is a jumping spider species in the genus Asemonea. The male was first identified in 1980.
Description
The spider is long, generally pale or whitish yellow with black spots on its abdomen.
Distribution
Asemonea maculata has been found in the Ivory Coast.
References
Endemic fauna of Ivory Coast
Invertebrates of West Africa
Salticidae
Spiders described in 1980
Spiders of Africa
Mount Valhalla () is a peak in the Asgard Range, Victoria Land, standing at the west flank of Valhalla Glacier from where it overlooks the south side of Wright Valley. The name is one in a group in the range derived from Norse mythology, Valhalla being the great hall where Odin receives and feasts the souls of heroes who have fallen bravely in battle. The name was suggested by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in consultation with New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee (NZ-APC).
Mountains of the Asgard Range
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Paul Raci (; born April 7, 1948) is an American character actor. A veteran of stage, film and television, he has appeared in a variety of projects, including small roles in Baskets and Parks and Recreation. In 2021, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Sound of Metal (2019). In the same year, he was selected by BJ Sam to represent the United States in the first universal Christmas music project with other global music icons including Bollywood playback singer Jaspinder Narula, Swiss actress Christina Zurbrügg, and Ghanaian singer Diana Hopeson.
Life and career
Raci was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Laurel and Mitchell Raci. His family is of Polish descent, originally surnamed Racibożyński. He was raised as the hearing son of deaf parents, and is fluent in American Sign Language. Raci was a Hospital Corpsman in the United States Navy, attaining the rank of Petty Officer Second Class (HM2). He served aboard the aircraft carrier, the USS Coral Sea (CVA-43) from 1969 to 1973, serving two tours in Vietnam.
Raci received critical acclaim for his performance as Joe, the deaf mentor to the main character in Sound of Metal, released in 2020. For this role, he received the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actor and other accolades, including an Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male, and nominations for both the BAFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. According to director Darius Marder, several high-profile actors were approached for the role, but for the sake of authenticity, Raci was selected because of his upbringing.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American actors
American male film actors
American people of Polish descent
Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male winners
Military personnel from Illinois
People from Chicago
United States Navy corpsmen
United States Navy personnel of the Vietnam War
United States Navy non-commissioned officers
Beyceğiz is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Calliaghstown Well, also called St. Columbkille's Well, is a holy well and National Monument located in County Meath, Ireland.
Location
Calliaghstown Well is located beside a road just off the R150, south of Drogheda and the River Boyne and west of Julianstown.
History and description
The well was a traditional site of pilgrimage for locals, and a pattern took place there each year on 9 June. A statue, erected perhaps in the mid-18th century, is called St Colm Cille, although with a mantle and crown it does not resemble traditional depictions of Columba/Colm Cille, who is usually depicted in a monk's habit (although he was of a royal family).
The statue is tall and composed of oolitic limestone, similar to Bath stone.
References
National Monuments in County Meath
Archaeological sites in County Meath
NYCOS (formerly known as National Youth Choir of Scotland or NYCoS) is a youth arts organisation, dedicated to providing high-level singing opportunities for Scotland's young singers aged 0–25. Led by Artistic Director, Christopher Bell, NYCOS provides a national infrastructure for young people, teachers and choir directors to support and develop choral singing in Scotland.
NYCOS activities currently include four National Choirs, a growing network of Regional Choirs across Scotland, Mini Music Makers classes and a broad range of educational projects. NYCOS also commissions and publishes a range of publications, songbooks and educational resources.
Background
NYCOS was founded as a single choir in 1996 by its current Artistic Director, Christopher Bell with support from the then Director of the National Youth Orchestra of Scotland, Richard Chester. It was felt that, whilst Scotland had national youth ensembles for orchestra, strings, jazz and brass, there was a lack of opportunity for young singers in to participate at a national level and standard. Bell had been inspired by his work with Aberdeen Youth Choir which had a similar format
National Choirs
NYCOS National Choirs comprises a total of four choirs for young people aged 10–25:
National Youth Choir of Scotland (singers aged 16–25)
NYCOS Training Choir (singers aged 16–19)
NYCOS National Boys Choir (singers aged 10–17)
NYCOS National Girls Choir (singers aged 12–17)
Membership for all NYCOS National Choirs is granted by annual audition and is open to singers who are born, resident/studying in Scotland, or of Scottish descent. The basis of the Choirs' activities stems from a residential course where time is split between individual vocal coaching, musicianship sessions and sectional/full rehearsals.
NYCOS became the first youth organisation to win a coveted Royal Philharmonic Society (RPS) award when its flagship National Youth Choir of Scotland won the 2012 Ensemble prize. The Choir has toured to Ireland (2000), Sweden (2001), USA (2004), Hungary (2007), Germany (2010), Austria, Czech Republic and Slovakia (2013), USA (2016), Belgium (2017) and the USA for a third time (2018), where the ensemble performed notably alongside the Orchestre Révolutionnaire et Romantique in Carnegie Hall, under John Eliot Gardiner. NYCoS traditionally undertakes an international tour every three years (besides the exception of 2018), with those in the touring choir being offered a two-year membership. In the tour year, a second, non-touring group is formed named NYCoS Scotland.
NYCOS Training Choir, formed in 1997 trains singers aged 16–19 who need more experience in a wider repertoire, and receive vocal and choral and individual coaching.
The National Boys Choir was formed in 2002 with financial support from the Scottish Arts Council Lottery Fund. It was initially for boys with unchanged voices, but expanded in 2003 to include a changed voices section. Entry is by audition and is open for boys aged 10–16. Structured into three sections, Training Choir, National Boys Choir and Changing Voice Choir, the choir meets annually around Easter time for a residential course, followed by concerts. The choir has performed in Belfast, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Linlithgow, Londonderry, Paisley and Stirling. In 2007, NBC toured to Kendal and Dumfries giving concerts in Kendal Town Hall and the Crichton Church in Dumfries.
The Choir has a repertoire including classical, sacred and Scots songs. Recent commissions include Tom Cunningham's Saga of the Seven Days and Sheena Phillips Sea Shanties. The patron of the boys choir is Scottish actor Billy Boyd.
The National Girls Choir was formed in 2007. 80 singers between the ages of 12 and 16 were selected by audition from Scotland. The daily timetable was a mixture of vocal coaching, musicianship training and full choir rehearsals. They performed their first concert in the Queen's Hall in Edinburgh in April 2007. In 2010, the choir formed another section, the National Girls Training Choir. It offers girls who audition successfully, but whose voices are not yet ready for National Girls Choir, places on the National Girls Choir course. The patron of the National Girls Choir is Scottish mezzo-soprano Karen Cargill.
Regional Choirs
In 1998 NYCOS formed two Children's Choirs (now known as Regional Choirs), one in Livingston, West Lothian and one in Edinburgh. Each choir had approximately 60 members. Members were recruited from Primary 3 pupils (with some Primary 4 to make up numbers). Both choirs met for one hour each week and members received musicianship training for 30 minutes and sang as a choir for the remaining 30 minutes. At present there are 14 Regional Choirs: Aberdeen, Angus, Dumfries, Dundee, East Dunbartonshire, Edinburgh, Falkirk, Inverness, Isle of Lewis, Midlothian, Perth, Renfrewshire, Stirling and West Lothian – with a membership of over 2,000 children. The set-up of the Regional Choirs is still the same with members receiving musicianship training and singing as a choir. End of term concerts are given at Christmas and Summer. The choirs in Perth and East Dunbartonshire are distinct in that they are boys-only choirs.
Education
NYCOS has an educational remit and runs Kodály Musicianship Training weekends for teachers, choir directors and music specialists. They run in-service days and singing workshops for schools.
They also run Mini Music Makers classes across Scotland, which are musical sessions designed to introduce babies, toddlers and nursery age children and their parent/carer to music.
NYCOS also produces song books and educational resources.
References
External links
NYCOS
National choirs
Youth choirs
Musical groups established in 1996
1996 establishments in Scotland
Youth organisations based in Scotland
Scottish choirs
Arts organisations based in Scotland
The Ottoman-Portuguese conflicts (1538 to 1559) were a period of conflict during the Ottoman–Portuguese confrontations and series of armed military encounters between the Portuguese Empire and the Ottoman Empire along with regional allies in and along the Indian Ocean, Persian Gulf, and Red Sea.
Background
This war took place upon the backdrop of the Ethiopian–Adal War. Ethiopia had been invaded in 1529 by the Ottoman Empire and local allies. Portuguese help, which was first requested by Emperor Dawit II in 1520, finally arrived in Massawa during the reign of Emperor Galawdewos. The force was led by Cristóvão da Gama (second son of Vasco da Gama) and included 400 musketeers, several breech-loading field guns, and a few Portuguese cavalrymen as well as a number of artisans and other non-combatants.
Course of war
Major hostilities between Portugal and the Ottoman Empire began in 1538, when the Ottomans assisted the Sultanate of Gujarat with about 80 vessels to lay siege to Diu, which had been built by the Portuguese in 1535. The Ottoman fleet was led by Suleiman I's governor of Egypt Suleiman Pasha, but the attack was not successful and the siege was lifted.
The Portuguese under Estêvão da Gama (first son of Vasco da Gama) organized an expedition to destroy the Ottoman fleet at Suez, leaving Goa on 31 December 1540 and reaching Aden by the 27th of January 1541. The fleet reached Massawa on 12 February, where Gama left a number of ships and continued north. The Portuguese then sacked the Ottoman port of Suakin. Reaching Suez, he discovered that the Ottomans had long known of his raid, and foiled his attempt to burn the beached ships. Gama was forced to retrace his steps to Massawa, although pausing to attack the port of El-Tor (Sinai Peninsula).
Ethiopian campaign
At Massawa, governor Estevão da Gama responded to an appeal to assist the Christian Ethiopian Empire against invading Adalite forces. An expeditionary corps of 400 men was left behind, commanded by the governors' brother, Cristóvão da Gama. In February 1542, the Portuguese were able to capture an important Adalite stronghold at the Battle of Baçente. The Portuguese were again victorious at the Battle of Jarte, killing almost all of the Turkish contingent. However, Gragn then requested aid from the Ottoman governor of Yemen in Aden, who sent 2000 Arabian musketeers, 900 Turkish pikemen, 1000 Turkish foot musketeers, some Shqiptar foot soldiers (with muskets) and Turkish horsemen. In the Battle of Wofla, Somali and Turkish forces defeated the Portuguese, De Gama was captured, and upon refusing to convert to Islam, executed.
Gelawdewos was eventually able to reorganize his forces and absorb the remaining Portuguese soldiers, defeating and slaying Gragn at the Battle of Wayna Daga, marking the end of the Ethiopian-Adal war (although warfare would resume not long after, at a much diminished scale).
Persian Gulf campaigns
Elsewhere in the Indian Ocean naval combat was also intense. In 1547, the Admiral Piri Reis took command of the Ottoman-Egyptian fleet in the Indian Ocean and on 26 February 1548 recaptured Aden, in 1552 sacked Muscat. Turning further east, Piri Reis failed to capture Hormuz, at the entrance of the Persian Gulf. Following these events, the Portuguese dispatched considerable reinforcements to Hormuz, and the following year defeated an Ottoman fleet at the Battle of the Strait of Hormuz.
In 1554, the Portuguese soundly defeated an Ottoman fleet led by Seydi Ali Reis in the Battle of the Gulf of Oman and in 1557 the Ottoman captured the port of Massawa to the province of Habesh. In 1559 the Ottomans laid siege to Bahrain, which had been conquered by the Portuguese in 1521 and ruled indirectly since then, but the forces led by the Governor of Al-Hasa were decisively beaten back. After this, the Portuguese effectively controlled the entirety of the naval traffic in the Persian Gulf. They raided the Ottoman coastal city of Al-Katif during this time, in 1559.
Aftermath
Unable to decisively defeat the Portuguese or threaten their shipping, the Ottomans abstained from further substantial action, choosing instead to supply Portuguese enemies such as the Aceh Sultanate, and things returned to the Status quo ante bellum. The Portuguese for their part enforced their commercial and diplomatic ties with Safavid Persia, an enemy of the Ottoman Empire. A tense truce was gradually formed, wherein the Ottomans were allowed to control the overland routes into Europe, thereby keeping Basra, which the Portuguese had been eager to acquire, and the Portuguese were allowed to dominate sea trade to India and East Africa. The Ottomans then shifted their focus to the Red Sea, which they had been expanding into previously, with the acquisition of Egypt in 1517, and Aden in 1538.
See also
History of Portugal
Military history of Portugal
Siege of Malacca (1568)
Kingdom of Ormus
Ottoman naval expeditions in the Indian Ocean
Notes
References
Peter Malcolm Holt, Ann K. S. Lambton, Bernard Lewis The Cambridge history of Islam 1977.
Attila and Balázs Weiszhár: Lexicon of War (Háborúk lexikona), Athenaum publisher, Budapest 2004.
Britannica Hungarica, Hungarian encyclopedia, Hungarian World publisher, Budapest 1994.
Adal Sultanate
Ajuran Sultanate
16th-century conflicts
Ottoman 1538-59
Portuguese 1538-59
Wars involving Somalia
Wars involving Ethiopia
Military history of Somalia
Military history of Africa
Military history of India
16th century in the Portuguese Empire
Piri Reis
1538-59
1538 in Africa
1557 in Africa
1530s in Africa
1540s in Africa
1550s in Africa
1530s in the Ottoman Empire
1540s in the Ottoman Empire
1550s in the Ottoman Empire
1538 in the Ottoman Empire
1557 in the Ottoman Empire
1538 in the Portuguese Empire
1557 in the Portuguese Empire
1530s in the Portuguese Empire
1540s in the Portuguese Empire
1550s in the Portuguese Empire
16th century in Ethiopia
Yann Lionel Mayangui Samba (born 20 January 1999) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Turbina.
Career
As a youth player, Samba joined the youth academy of French lower league side Épinal after almost joining the youth academy of Virton in Belgium. After that, he trialed for French Ligue 1 club Toulouse.
In 2018, Samba signed for Foresta Suceava in the Romanian third division. After that, he signed for Bulgarian third division team Sevlievo, where he stated "In Bulgaria, football is very physical, very rough football. All things considered, it can be compared to England. It reminds me of this type of game, very physical and very athletic. After Bulgarian football is not very tactical but there are many very technical players. Also, the championship is improving year by year.
On the other hand, in terms of atmospheres, they are great big football fans. I have played many matches with a lot of supporters. There are ultras there and it sure sets the mood in the stadium. For me who had never known that before, it feels a bit weird but that's also why we play football, to play in atmospheres like that."
Before the second half of 2019/20, Samba signed for Spartak (Varna) in the Bulgarian second division.
Before the second half of 2020/21, he signed for Albanian top flight outfit Bylis.
In 2021, he signed for Turbina in the Albanian second division.
Career statistics
References
External links
French sportspeople of Republic of the Congo descent
French footballers
KF Turbina players
KF Bylis players
Kategoria e Parë players
FC Spartak Varna players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
French expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
1999 births
Association football defenders
French expatriate sportspeople in Romania
French expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
French expatriate footballers
Living people
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Sportspeople from Brazzaville
Clay Cole (born Albert Franklin Rucker Jr.; January 1, 1938 – December 18, 2010) was an American host and disk jockey, best known for his eponymous television dance program, The Clay Cole Show, which aired in New York City on WNTA-TV and WPIX-TV from 1959 to 1968.
Origins
Clay Cole was born in Youngstown, Ohio. He became a juvenile stage and radio actor; then in 1953, at age 15, became the television host and producer of his own Saturday night teen music show, Rucker's Rumpus Room, first on WKBN-TV, then, until 1957, on WFMJ. Arriving in Manhattan in 1957, he worked first as an NBC page, then as a production assistant on the troubled quiz show Twenty One, the events at which were recreated in the 1994 film Quiz Show, directed by Robert Redford.
Early television and film career
In 1958, he continued his Saturday night television legacy, launching Al Rucker and the Seven Teens program on WJAR-TV, Providence, Rhode Island. Upon arrival in New York City during 1959, he was asked to change his name. He chose Clay Cole, the name of a distant cousin. His dance program became known as The Clay Cole Show. It originally was broadcast on WNTA-TV (later PBS station WNET-TV). When WNTA-TV was sold in 1963, Cole's program was picked up by New York City television station WPIX-TV, where the program became known as Clay Cole's Discotek by 1965. One of his other shows, Clay Cole at the Moon Bowl, was broadcast from the Freedomland U.S.A. theme park in The Bronx during 1963 on WPIX-TV. Chuck McCann was his announcer sidekick. Cole and this show, along with his other connections to Freedomland, are featured in the book, Freedomland U.S.A.: The Definitive History (Theme Park Press, 2019).
Clay's 1960 all-star ten-day Christmas show at the Brooklyn Paramount Theater broke the all-time house box office record. Clay was among the few white performers invited to appear at Harlem's Apollo Theater; he headlined three week-long revues, starring Fats Domino, Gladys Knight & the Pips and Chubby Checker. In 1961, he appeared as himself in the film Twist Around the Clock.
During the 1960s "British Invasion", musical acts arriving from the UK often appeared on Cole's television shows before doing network shows such as The Ed Sullivan Show. The Rolling Stones and The Who were among those who first appeared on Cole's television show. Cole's show differed from American Bandstand in a few ways: while both Cole and Dick Clark had an interest in young people and their music, Cole did not hesitate to join in on his show's dance floor. He was also more confident about booking lesser-known performers and comedians for his show.
Writing, producing and directing career
Leaving The Clay Cole Show in 1967, Clay became a television writer - producer, involved in the production of over 3500 broadcast television shows. He is twice winner of the Emmy Award (NATAS) as "producer of outstanding television programming" in 1981 and 1982 for the Joel Siegel Academy Awards special. He produced The Discovery of Marilyn Monroe, Play Bridge with Omar Sharif and 365 This Day In Hollywood segments. Along with David Susskind and Raysa Bonow, he created and produced the first primetime entertainment magazine People for CBS in 1979. Cole also hosted A. M. New York. He returned briefly in 1974 as the star of the first HBO-produced music special Clay Cole's 20 Years of Rock and Roll, a two-hour event taped at Rockland Community College, and as co-host of the WABC-TV weekday program, AM New York. His final professional assignment was as writer/producer/director of the television special, the 2002, going on in the 80's to have his own production company, Clay Cole Productions. He produced the music video for Otis Day and the Knights, besides other industrial projects like the Sanremo Music Festival in Italy, featuring Britney Spears, Destiny's Child, Alicia Keys, Shakira, Kylie Minogue and other international pop divas.
Retirement and death
Cole retired and had been living on Oak Island since 2007, off the Cape Fear River on the North Carolina coastline. His pop culture memoir, Sh-Boom! The Explosion of Rock 'n' Roll (1953-1968), has been published by Morgan James. It has been nominated for the 2010 Association for Recorded Sound Collections Awards for Excellence in Historical Recorded Sound Research. Cole made a personal appearance at the annual Long Island Radio & TV Day in April 2010, and also at the New Jersey Rock Con later that year. Clay appeared at the Friends of Old Time Radio Convention in Newark, New Jersey in October 2010.
In addition, Cole was a member of the nominating committee of the Hit Parade Hall of Fame.
Cole died of a heart attack at his home on December 18, 2010, at the age of 72.
References
External links
The Clay Cole Show
Clay Cole Interview & Photos
Clay Cole Tributes and Interview from WABC-AM, 14 February 2010
1938 births
2010 deaths
American radio DJs
American television personalities
Imperial Records artists
People from Youngstown, Ohio
Shonn Greene (born August 21, 1985) is a former American football running back. He played college football for the University of Iowa, where in 2008, he was recognized as a unanimous All-American and also won the Doak Walker Award and the Jim Brown Trophy. He was drafted by the New York Jets in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft. After four seasons with the Jets, Greene then played two more seasons for the Tennessee Titans.
Early years
Greene was born in the Sicklerville section of Winslow Township, New Jersey. He attended Winslow Township High School in Atco, New Jersey, and played for the Winslow Eagles high school football team as the starting running back and linebacker for the Eagles during his junior and senior years. In his junior year, Greene rushed for 1,267 yards and 18 touchdowns in 221 attempts earning first team all-conference, all-South Jersey, and all-state honors. He followed that with 1,378 yards and 16 touchdowns on 172 attempts as a senior earning first team all-conference and second team all-state. Greene also recorded 191 career tackles and one interception on defense.
College career
Greene attended the University of Iowa, where he played for coach Kirk Ferentz's Iowa Hawkeyes football team. He missed the entire 2007 season when he left the University due to academic deficiencies. He enrolled at Kirkwood Community College, improved his grades, and returned to the University in 2008. Greene had a breakout season in 2008, winning the Doak Walker Award given to the nation's outstanding collegiate running back (the first Iowa player to win the award), and was recognized as a unanimous first-team All-American. He finished the season with 1850 yards rushing and 20 touchdowns; after the Hawkeyes won the 2009 Outback Bowl on January 1, 2009 in Tampa Bay, Florida (in which Greene would run for 129 yards and two touchdowns), Greene announced he would enter the 2009 NFL Draft. Greene was the only player that year to rush for over 100 yards in every game. On October 23, 2010, Greene was named honorary captain for Iowa's game against Wisconsin.
Awards and honors
2008 unanimous first-team All-American by SI.com AFCA-Coaches, FWAA-Writers, Walter Camp, CBS Sports, and Rivals.com
Only FBS running back to rush for over 100 yards in every game in 2008
Big Ten Offensive Player of the Year in 2008
2009 Outback Bowl Most Valuable Player
Statistics
Professional career
Pre-draft
New York Jets (2009–2012)
2009 season
On April 29, 2009 the New York Jets traded up 12 spots to select Greene in the third round (65th overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. On August 30 Greene made an appearance in the Jets preseason game against the Baltimore Ravens. He rushed twice for six yards as well as catching an 85-yard pass before leaving due to an undisclosed rib injury. Greene made his regular season debut after a season-ending injury of Leon Washington during week 7 against the Oakland Raiders. During the game against the Raiders, Greene ran for 144 yards and two touchdowns in a 38–0 victory. On December 27, 2009, Greene carried the ball 16 times for 95 yards in a win against the Indianapolis Colts. On January 9, 2010, Greene ran for 135 yards and a touchdown in a 24-14 playoff win against the Cincinnati Bengals. His best performance of the season came against the San Diego Chargers in the divisional round of the playoffs. Greene carried the ball 23 times and rushed for 128 yards. He scored a 53-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter, as the Jets reached their first AFC Championship game since 1998. The Jets would play the AFC championship game against the Indianapolis Colts. The Jets had the lead at halftime 17–13. In the beginning of the 3rd quarter Greene injured his ribs and missed the rest of the game. He would finish the game with 41 rushing yards as the Jets would lose 30–17. Greene finished the 2009 season by playing in 14 games with 108 attempts for 540 yards and 2 touchdowns.
2010 season
In the 2010 offseason, the Jets did not resign running back Thomas Jones and signed instead LaDainian Tomlinson to be their starter and Greene to be the back-up. Shonn Greene got his first rushing touchdown of the 2010 season in a 29–20 win over the Minnesota Vikings. Greene finished the game with 57 yards on 10 attempts. On December 26, 2010 Greene ran for 70 yards on 12 attempts and 1 touchdown in loss to the Chicago Bears 38–34.
Greene also rushed for 76 yards on 17 attempts and scored the game-closing touchdown against the Patriots in a playoff game.
2011 season
On June 5, 2011, Jets offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer announced that Greene would be the starting running back in the 2011 season, with LaDainian Tomlinson taking a 3rd down role.
In his first career start, Greene rushed for 26 yards on 10 carries in a win over the Dallas Cowboys. Greene got his first touchdown of the year in a Week 2 matchup between the Jacksonville Jaguars while adding 49 yards in 16 carries. In a Week 5 loss to the New England Patriots, Greene had 83 yards in 21 carries while getting a touchdown. Even though Greene could not follow up the same performance the next week, He had 74 yards in 21 carries in a victory over the Miami Dolphins. In a Week 7 victory over the San Diego Chargers, Greene had 112 yards in 20 carries. Greene ended the year with 1,054 yards in 253 carries with 6 touchdowns. Greene also carried the load for the Jets while playing the Redskins by rushing 88 yards and 3 touchdowns. That next week he had 129 yards rushing and 1 touchdown over the Chiefs.
2012 season
In 2012, against the Indianapolis Colts, Greene ran for a career-high 161 yards, along with three touchdowns, as the Jets
defeated the Colts 35–9. On the season, Greene rushed for 1,063 yards and 8 touchdowns.
Tennessee Titans (2013–2014)
2013 season
On March 13, 2013, Greene signed a three-year, $10 million contract with the Tennessee Titans.
On August 8 of a pre-season game Greene rushed for 32 yards on 5 carries and a 19-yard touchdown run in his Titans debut facing the Washington Redskins. Greene also caught the ball for a 13-yard play. In the season opener against the Steelers, Greene rushed for 18 yards on 4 carries before injuring his knee that sidelined him for 5 weeks. 7 weeks later Greene rushed for 38 yards and a Touchdown on 9 carries winning against the Rams. He also had a 28-yard catch and run. During Week 14 of the NFL season, Greene rushed for 46 yards and two touchdowns on 9 carries, which included a 28-yard touchdown in the second quarter. The Titans would ultimately lose the game to the Broncos by a score of 51–28. Greene finished the 2013 season with 295 yards and 4 touchdowns.
2014 season
In Week 1 of the 2014 NFL season, Greene rushed for 71 yards on 15 carries in a win against the Chiefs. Greene played his former team, the New York Jets, later that year and rushed for 50 yards on 15 carries in a loss. In the final game of the season, against the Indianapolis Colts, Greene had his best game of the season, rushing for a career long of 52 yards on a 4th and 1 play. Greene finished the game with 94 yards on 11 carries.
On June 16, 2015, Greene was released from the Titans.
NFL career statistics
References
External links
Official site: Going Greene Foundation
New York Jets Bio
Iowa Hawkeyes Bio
1985 births
Living people
African-American players of American football
All-American college football players
American football running backs
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
Milford Academy alumni
New York Jets players
People from Winslow Township, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Sportspeople from Camden County, New Jersey
Winslow Township High School alumni
Tennessee Titans players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Eliška Kleinová, born Elisabeth "Lisa" Klein (February 27, 1912, Přerov, Moravia – September 2, 1999, Prague) was a Czech Jewish pianist, music educator, and was the sister of Gideon Klein.
Eliška Kleinová was born as a daughter of Jindřich/Heinrich Klein, and Helene (born Ilona Marmorstein).
See also
Gideon Klein
Viktor Ullmann
References
Peter Ambros(de): Leben vom Blatt gespielt. (Lebensgeschichte auf Basis eines Tonbandinterviews von 1994)
Anna Hájková, The Piano Virtuoso Who Didn't Play in Terezín, or, Why Gender Matters (Orel Foundation, May 6, 2011)
Joža Karas, "Music in Terezín, 1941-1945," Pendragon Press, 2008, pp.10,94,199
USC Shoah Foundation Institute testimony of Eliska Kleinová - Oral History | VHA Interview Code: 15454
Rebecca Rovit, Alvin Goldfarb, Theatrical Performance During the Holocaust: Texts, Documents, Memoirs. (Johns Hopkins University Press, 1999), p.198
External links
Nadace Gideona Kleina - Die Gideon Klein Stiftung
1912 births
1999 deaths
Musicians from Přerov
Czech Jews
Czech educators
Czech pianists
Czech women pianists
Jewish classical musicians
20th-century pianists
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century women musicians
Women classical pianists
Many Waters is a 1931 British romance film directed by Milton Rosmer and starring Lillian Hall-Davis, Arthur Margetson and Elizabeth Allan. It was based on a play by Monckton Hoffe. An elderly couple reminisce about the romantic adventures of their youth. It was the last film of actress Lillian Hall-Davis, a star of the silent era, who committed suicide in 1933.
Cast
Lillian Hall-Davis - Mabel Barcaldine
Arthur Margetson - Jim Barcaldine
Elizabeth Allan - Freda Barcaldine
Donald Calthrop - Compton Hardcastle
Sam Livesey - Stanley Rosel
Mary Clare - Mrs. Rosel
Robert Douglas - Godfrey Marvin
Charles Carson - Henry Delauney
Ivan Samson - Philip Sales
Renée Macready - Dolly Sales
Herbert Lomas - Everett
Hay Petrie - Director
J. Fisher White - Gentleman
Monckton Hoffe - Registrar
S.A. Cookson - Registrar of Marriage
Paul Gill - Doctor Sangster
Clare Greet - Registry Office Cleaner
Philip Hewland - Registry Office Clerk
David Miller - Mr. Clinchpole
Cicely Oates - Registry Office Cleaner
Bill Shine - Registry Office Junior Clerk
References
External links
1931 films
1930s romance films
British films based on plays
Films directed by Milton Rosmer
British black-and-white films
British romance films
Films shot at British International Pictures Studios
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
New Millennium Sports, S.L., trading as Kelme (), is a Spanish sports equipment manufacturing company that creates and produces sportswear and athletic shoes. It was founded in 1963 by Diego and José Quiles and its products are destined for the football, futsal, basketball, running, cricket and tennis markets.
Kelme is headquartered in Elche (Alicante), Spain, but has other offices worldwide including a United States Division in Conover, North Carolina.
Kelme sponsored a professional cycling team, together with the Valencian government.
Their products are endorsed by high-profile players such as David James, Josemi and Paul Kelly, and others. Their football boots are made to provide established power, swerve, accuracy and durability. Daniel González Güiza wears the Kelme Masters for RCD Mallorca. Real Madrid and RCD Mallorca used to wear kits produced by Kelme.
Sponsorships
Teams and athletes sponsored by Kelme worldwide are:
Cricket
National teams
(Since December 2021)
Basketball
National teams
Club teams
Dinamo Bucuresti
Incheon ET Land Elephants
Busan KT Sonicboom
Neptūnas
Hapoel Holon
Football
Football Federations
AFC
National teams
(from 2023)
Non FIFA national teams
Associations Teams and athletes sponsored:
2021 CONIFA European Football Cup (From 2021)
Non representative national teams
National leagues
China League One
China League Two
Referees
Kelme is also the official referee kiJts supplier for the leagues:
Jordanian Pro League
Club teams
Volleyball
National teams
Club teams
Al Ahly
Futsal
Associations Teams and athletes sponsored:
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Sala (Since the 2013/2014 season)
Ju Delgado
Benicarló F.S.
Caja Segovia FS
Elche CF
Sofía Rodriguez
Lorena Rubio
Laura Fernández
Patricia Chamorro
Arturo Santamaría
Dani Salgado
FC Litija
Oplast Kobarid
Al Hilal
Esport
Association Teams
Koi Squad
Roller hockey
Clubs
Hockey Club San Jorge
See also
Kelme (cycling team)
References
External links
Sport in the Valencian Community
Sportswear brands
Sporting goods manufacturers of Spain
Clothing companies established in 1977
Companies based in the Valencian Community
Spanish brands
Elche
1977 establishments in Spain
Patricia Hanebeck is a German footballer currently playing for FF USV Jena in Germany's Frauen Bundesliga.
As an Under-19 international she won the 2004 U-19 World Championship.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
FCR 2001 Duisburg players
German women's footballers
Hamburger SV (women) players
SC 07 Bad Neuenahr players
1. FFC Turbine Potsdam players
SC Sand players
FF USV Jena players
Women's association football midfielders
People from Siegburg
Sportspeople from Cologne (region)
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Just My Type may refer to:
Just My Type (book), a book about typography by Simon Garfield
Just My Type (song), a 2018 song by The Vamps
Persian Gulf Complex is the 12th largest shopping mall in the world, located in Shiraz, Iran.
It is the second biggest mall in terms of the number of shops after Iran Mall.
Description
The facility has space for 2,500 stores covering .
The complex includes the Burj Fars International, a 262-room hotel, an indoor and outdoor swimming pool, tennis court, convention centre and a helipad. In addition, there are two amusement parks at the mall, an outdoor amusement park called Iran Land, covering , and an indoor amusement park covering with video games, a bowling alley and a 3-story billiard hall. The mall also has six 240-seat cinema. A Carrefour Hypermarket is also located within the mall. The complex has four floors of parking space that can accommodate a total of 5,500 vehicles.
Management
The Persian Gulf Complex is managed by Royal Star International (Setareh Trading Complex).
References
External links
Shopping malls in Iran
Shopping malls established in 2011
Buildings and structures in Shiraz
Tourist attractions in Shiraz
Cardinal River is a short river in western Alberta, Canada. It flows from the Canadian Rockies, and empties into the Brazeau River, itself a major tributary of the North Saskatchewan River.
At its origin, just east of Jasper National Park, the Cardinal River forms in a basin between Tripoli, Cheviot, Prospect, Climax, and Blackface Mountains, as well as Mount Cardinal, in the Nikanassin Range. From there it flows east, through the eastern slopes of the Canadian Rockies and into the foothills. A portion of Grave Flats Road follows the river before it reaches the Bighorn Highway, where it empties into the Brazeau River south of Pembina Forks.
The Cardinal river, and other surrounding landmarks, are named for Jacques Cardinal, a local fur trader. His grave is located on the banks of the river.
Tributaries
Toma Creek
Russell Creek
Nomad Creek
Ruby Creek
Ruby Lakes, Flapjack Lake, Flapjack Creek
Grave Creek
Muskiki Creek
Muskiki Lake
See also
List of Alberta rivers
References
Rivers of Alberta
Solakköy, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
The 2020 United States presidential election in Missouri was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Missouri voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump of Florida, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence of Indiana against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden of Delaware, and his running mate Senator Kamala Harris of California. Missouri has 10 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump won Missouri again by a 15.4% margin. This was 3.1% lower than his 2016 margin, but still a better performance in the state than that of any other Republican nominee since Ronald Reagan in 1984. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered this a state Trump would win.
This is only the second time that Missouri has voted more Republican than neighboring Kansas, the first time being in 1916. Biden became the second Democrat ever to win the presidency without carrying Missouri, the first being Barack Obama, whom Biden served under as vice president.
Primary elections
Democratic primary
Republican primary
Libertarian primary
Green primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Beto O'Rourke
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Results
By county
By congressional district
Trump won 6 of 8 congressional districts.
Analysis
A bellwether state for the bulk of the 20th century, Missouri has since come to vote reliably Republican in presidential elections. This has been attributed to a shift in Republican policy towards right-wing populism and social conservatism; the platform has found fertile ground in the state, which lies in the Bible Belt, with Trump carrying 86% of White, born-again/Evangelical Christians.
Biden won the same four jurisdictions that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton did in 2012 and 2016, respectively: Jackson County, home to Kansas City; Boone County, home to the college town of Columbia; and St. Louis County, home to the suburbs of St. Louis, which he also won. Biden also improved Democratic margins in Platte and Clay counties, both suburbs of Kansas City; Platte was carried by Trump by only 3%, and Clay by 4%. In addition, the 61% of the vote that Biden won in St. Louis County was the best performance for a Democrat since Lyndon B. Johnson's 1964 landslide.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in Missouri came from voters who trusted him on economic policy: a 57% majority believed Trump was better able to handle international trade. With a hybrid industrial-service-agricultural economy, 63% of Missourian voters favored increasing taxes on goods imported to the U.S. from other countries, and these voters broke for Trump by 67%. As is the case in many Southern and border states, there was a stark racial divide in voting for this election: White Missourians supported Trump by 62%, while black Missourians supported Biden by 88%. Trump became the first Republican to win Missouri by double digits twice.
In other elections, incumbent Republican Mike Parson easily defeated State Auditor Nicole Galloway by 16 points—outperforming Trump—in the governor's race, further testifying to the state's trend towards the GOP, and becoming the best performance for a Republican on the gubernatorial level since John Ashcroft's 1988 victory.
See also
United States presidential elections in Missouri
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Green Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Missouri
2020
Presidential
Ropa is a river of mountainous southern Poland, a tributary of the Wisłoka.
Near the town of Łosie, Gorlice County, the Ropa was dammed in 1994 to create Lake Klimkowskie. Downstream it flows through Biecz and joins the Wisłoka at Jasło. During the 2010 Central European floods the Ropa flooded Jasło on June 5.
Its own tributaries include the Libuszanka and the Zdynia.
References
Rivers of Poland
Rivers of Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Rivers of Lesser Poland Voivodeship
LPAC is a Super PAC founded in 2012 to represent the interests of lesbians in the United States, and to campaign on LGBT and women's rights issues. According to its chair it was the first Super PAC of its kind. Its supporters include Billie Jean King, Jane Lynch, Laura Ricketts and Urvashi Vaid. On its first day of operations, LPAC raised $200,000.
In 2021, Mary Trump joined LPAC's board.
See also
Lesbian American history
War on Women
References
External links
Official website
United States political action committees
LGBT political advocacy groups in the United States
Women's political advocacy groups in the United States
Lesbian organizations in the United States
Nord-Varanger is a former municipality in Finnmark county in Norway. The municipality existed from 1894 until its dissolution in 1964. It was located in the present-day Vadsø Municipality on the southern half of the Varanger Peninsula, east of the Jakobselva river, along the Varangerfjorden. The administrative centre of the municipality was in the town of Vadsø.
Name
The name Nord-Varanger refers to the northern coast of the Varangerfjorden, (Old Norse: Ver(j)angr). The first part is ver meaning "fishing village" and the last part is angr which means "fjord". It was first probably used for the narrow fjord on the inside of Angsnes which now is called "Meskfjorden" and leads into Varangerbotn.
History
The kjøpstad (market town) of Vadsø was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt). Because of the low population in the rural area around the town, the municipality originally included the rural area around it. That rural area was known as the Vadsø landsogn. On 1 January 1894, Vadsø landsogn was separated from the town of Vadsø and became the new municipality called Nord-Varanger. Nord-Varanger had an initial population of 1,296. During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1964, Nord-Varanger (population: 1,587) was merged with the town of Vadsø once again to create the present-day Vadsø Municipality.
Government
Municipal council
The municipal council of Nord-Varanger was made up of 17 representatives that were elected to four year terms. The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows:
See also
List of former municipalities of Norway
References
External links
Vadsø
Former municipalities of Norway
1894 establishments in Norway
1964 disestablishments in Norway
Inuromaesa is a genus of the family Tephritidae, better known as fruit flies.
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Owd Bob is a 1924 British drama film directed by Henry Edwards and starring J. Fisher White, Ralph Forbes and James Carew. It is based on the 1898 novel Owd Bob by Alfred Ollivant. Location shooting took place in the Lake District.
Cast
J. Fisher White as Adam McAdam
Ralph Forbes as Davie McAdam
James Carew as James Moore
Yvonne Thomas as Maggie Moore
Frank Stanmore as Jim Burton
Grace Lane as Mrs. Moore
Robert English as Squire
John Marlborough East as Shepherd
References
Bibliography
Sweet, Matthew. Shepperton Babylon: The Lost Worlds of British Cinema. Faber and Faber, 2005.
External links
1924 films
British silent feature films
1924 drama films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Henry Edwards
British drama films
British black-and-white films
Films based on British novels
1920s British films
Silent drama films
Nagqu railway station (), also spelled Naqu and Nagchu, is a station on the Chinese railway to Tibet serving Nagqu, Tibet.
Station layout
The station has a crossing loop and several goods sidings adjacent to the passenger station. The goods sidings are connected to the main line via a shunting neck which trails to Up trains (trains to Beijing).
See also
Qingzang railway
List of stations on Qingzang railway
Gallery
References
Stations on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway
Railway stations in Tibet
The South Africa's Women's cricket team toured India from 16 to 30 November 2014. The tour consisted of one Test match, three One Day International (ODI) matches and one Twenty20 International (T20I). The ODI games were part of the 2014–16 ICC Women's Championship.
Squads
Tour matches
Practice match: India A Woman v South Africa Women
ODI practice match: India A Woman v South Africa Women
Test series
Only Test
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
T20I series
Only T20I
References
External links
Series home Page at ESPN Cricinfo
2014–16 ICC Women's Championship
2014–15 Indian women's cricket
International cricket competitions in 2014
India
2014 in South African women's sport
2014 in women's cricket
Women's international cricket tours of India
Agnes Quisumbing is an Economist and a Senior Research Fellow at the International Food Policy Research Institute. She holds a PhD from the University of the Philippines (including a year at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology) and a bachelor's degree from De La Salle University.
Career and policy work
Agnes Quisumbing started her career at the University of the Philippines. From 1988 to 1991 she was at the Economic Growth Center at Yale University winning a Rockefeller Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship. She then joined the World Bank where she worked at the Population and Human Resources Division from 1991 to 1995. Since 1995, she is a research fellow at the International Food Policy Research Institute.
Research
Quisumbing's research focuses on intrahousehold allocation, gender and poverty. Her most quoted paper focuses on marriage and intrahousehold allocation in Bangladesh, Ethiopia, Indonesia and South Africa. With Sabina Alkire, Ruth Meinzen-Dick, Amber Peterman, Greg Seymour and Ana Vaz, she also compiled a women's empowerment in agriculture index which measures the "empowerment, agency, and inclusion of women in the agricultural sector". Her works have been quoted over 18000 times and she is among the 120 most quoted women economists in the world. Her research has been quoted in the Washington Post and Slate.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of the Philippines alumni
Women economists
Filipino economists
De La Salle University alumni
is a private junior college located in Hachinohe, Aomori Prefecture, Japan. It was established in 1971, and is now attached to Hachinohe Gakuin University.
Departments
Early Childhood Education
Life Design
Nursing
See also
List of junior colleges in Japan
Hachinohe Gakuin University
External links
Hachinohe Junior College
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Universities and colleges in Aomori Prefecture
Hachinohe
The 2018 NASCAR K&N Pro Series West was the sixty-fifth season of the K&N Pro Series West, a regional stock car racing series sanctioned by NASCAR. It began with the Bakersfield 175 presented by NAPA Auto Parts at Kern County Raceway Park on March 15 and concluded with the NAPA Auto Parts 175 presented by West Coast Stock Car Hall of Fame at Kern County Raceway Park on October 27. Todd Gilliland entered the season as the defending Drivers' champion; however, he did not go for three in a row, because he moved up to the Truck Series in 2018. Derek Thorn, the 2013 West Series champion, won his second championship in his first full season since his first title, 27 points in front of his Sunrise Ford Racing teammate Ryan Partridge, who also returned to the series in 2018 after a year off in 2017.
Drivers
Notes
Schedule
On December 11, 2017, NASCAR announced the 2018 schedule. The two races at Irwindale were dropped from the schedule in favor of a second race at Tucson and a race at Gateway. The Las Vegas Motor Speedway dirt track was added to the schedule, marking the series' first race on dirt since 1979 at Ascot Park. All races in the season are televised on NBCSN on a tape delay basis.
Notes
The race at Spokane County Raceway, originally scheduled for 15 July, was cancelled and would not be replaced.
Results and standings
Races
Notes
1 – Starting grid was set by the fastest lap times from the first Port of Tucson Twin 100 race.
2 – The qualifying session for the Monaco Gateway Classic was cancelled due to weather. The starting line-up was decided by Practice results.
Drivers' championship
(key) Bold – Pole position awarded by time. Italics – Pole position set by final practice results or Owners' points. * – Most laps led.
Notes
‡ – Non-championship round.
1 – Bill Kann and Hershel McGriff received championship points, despite the fact that they did not start the race.
2 – Scored points towards the K&N Pro Series East.
See also
2018 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series
2018 NASCAR Xfinity Series
2018 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series
2018 NASCAR K&N Pro Series East
2018 NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour
2018 NASCAR Pinty's Series
2018 NASCAR PEAK Mexico Series
2018 NASCAR Whelen Euro Series
References
External links
ARCA Menards Series West
Sibon noalamina is a species of snail-eating snake discovered in 2012 from western Panama. It belongs to the genus Sibon. It has a striking defensive mechanism from predators by mimicking the light and dark stripes of venomous coral snakes.
The species was listed among the Top 10 New Species 2013 discovered in 2012 as selected by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University out of more than 140 nominated species. Its distinctiveness is its resemblance to a venomous snake and its presence in an area of anthropogenic exploitation. The selection was publicised on 22 May 2013.
Nomenclature
The specimens, three snakes, were found in the Serranía de Tabasará mountain range where ore mining is extensively degrading and diminishing the natural habitat. Hence the specific name is given as a contraction of the Spanish phrase No a la mina, which in English translates to "No to the mine". This phrase is a campaign slogan to ban mining in the area, where animal habitat is being overexploited.
Discovery
The snake inhabits the mountain range of Serranía de Tabasará in the Comarca Ngöbe-Buglé, an autonomous territory established in 1997 for the indigenous Ngöbe–Buglé people. The mountain is the natural habitat of several amphibians and reptiles, many of which are endemic, thus the mountain is a biodiversity hot spot that remains largely unexplored. Extreme poverty among the human inhabitants has prompted the highest deforestation rate within Panama, where more than one-fifth of the forests were lost in the 1990s. Moreover, the region's enormous ore deposits – especially the copper deposit in the Cerro Colorado area – are heavily subjected to mining. Zoologists of the Senckenberg Research Institute in Frankfurt, Germany made expeditions between 2008 and 2010 to study the rich but exploited biodiversity. They were able to catch three individuals of the new species. The holotype is an adult male collected from headwaters of Río Chiriquí Malí, by Andreas Hertz and Sebastian Lotzkat on 10 August 2010. The paratypes were two juvenile males collected on 29 October 2009, and a juvenile from Cerro Mariposa collected on 28 May 2008.
Description
S. noalamina is quite similar to other colubrid snakes of America such as Dipsas species especially in the pattern of colouration. However, it differs distinctively from other snakes including its related species of Sibon in the specific alignment and shape of the scales. It has only five supralabial scales, the shape of the posterior supralabial are different, and some dorsal rows (3rd to 5th) are keeled in adults. The snake is nocturnal and hunts soft-bodied prey including earthworms and amphibian eggs, in addition to snails and slugs. The contrasting alternating dark rings on light background of the skin are also significantly different from those of other snakes, and consist of 15 dorsal rows throughout the body.
Significance
S. noalamina is quite harmless. However, its elaborate resemblance with a highly venomous coral snake is impressive. As a vulnerable species, it represents an elegant Batesian mimic. It also is a medium for the message of the conservation campaign for biodiversity threats in Panama, as the discoverer Lotzkat remarked, "Sibon noalamina stands with its name against overexploitation of nature and for the conservation of the highland rainforests of western Panama."
References
External links
Taxonomy at BOLD Systems
Wikispecies
The Reptile Database
Colubrids
Reptiles described in 2012
Snakes of Central America
Reptiles of Panama
Endemic fauna of Panama
Noël-Gabriel-Luce Villar (13 December 1748 – 26 August 1826) was a French clergyman and politician. He was the constitutional bishop of Laval.
Villar was principal of the College of La Flèche in 1786. In 1791, he was consecrated constitutional bishop of Laval by Jean-Baptiste-Joseph Gobel.
In 1797, Villar was elected as a deputy to the Council of Five Hundred; he was appointed commissioner for the formation of high schools in 1802. He was appointed a member of the Institut de France in 1803 and member of the Académie Française in 1816.
References
1748 births
1826 deaths
Bishops of Laval
Members of the Académie Française
Semer is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Halo Burger, formerly known by its full name Bill Thomas' Halo Burger, is an American fast-food restaurant chain based in Genesee County, Michigan. Begun in 1923 as the original Kewpee location and separating from the Kewpee chain in 1967 with two locations, the chain has maintained a number of locations in and around Genesee County.
It is not easy to determine a single founding date for the company because the company evolved from the original Kewpee location opened in 1923 which expanded into a chain before 1944 when Thomas started his business that would later be named Halo Burger by leasing the original location.
History
Samuel V. Blair opened the Kewpee Hotel restaurant in downtown Flint and expanded to approximately 400 locations by 1939 through licensing the name. William "Bill" V. Thomas started working at Kewpee in 1938. Thomas began leasing the original Harrison Street, Flint location from Blair upon his retirement on April 1, 1944. Blair died in 1945 and Thomas continued to lease the location and pay royalties for use of the Kewpee name from the estate until the Kewpee trademark and Blair estate-owned locations went up for sale in 1958. Thomas was able to purchase the Flint location but the Kewpee trademark was sold to Ed Adams of Toledo, Ohio. Thomas expanded with a second Kewpee location downtown Flint with the purchase of Vernor's Ginger Ale building in 1951.
Halo Burger
Adams switched from a trademark license of Kewpee to a full franchising arrangement in 1967. Thomas rejected this new arrangement and changed the name of his restaurants to Bill Thomas' Halo Burger. Halo Burgers' first location only under the Halo Burger name opened in 1973 on Linden Road, the same year that Thomas died. In 1976, two more locations opened: one located on Pierson Road, and another in Grand Blanc. In 1979, the Harrison location was vacated to make way for University of Michigan-Flint parking. The staff of the former Harrison Street location were transferred to a newly opened Halo Burger serving Flint's east side.
The 1980s became a decade of expansion with 10 more locations, starting in 1984 with another downtown Flint location. In 1985, Halo Burger expanded to Birch Run, with a location that was opened on property leased at Conlee Oil Company's station. Locations in Saginaw and Flint's Southwest side opened in 1986. Another location in Saginaw followed in 1987 along with the Richfield Road and Genesee Valley Center locations. Three more locations opened in 1988: in Fenton, at Atherton Road and at Corunna Road near Ballenger Highway. The Saginaw, Genesee Valley Center and Corunna Road locations later closed. Their Grand Blanc Downtown location closed in 1998 and was replaced by a location in Grand Blanc Township.
On September 5, 2002, Halo Burger takes over the former Campus Cafe at University of Michigan-Flint University Center. In November, the company recalled flashlights that were given out with kid's meals. On July 22, 2007, all 11 locations were shut down for a day due to a possible E. coli contamination as their supplier, Abbott's Meat, had recalled a number of meat products and received meat from a temporary supplier. Due to the new student housing and 24-hour food service, Sodexo, that goes along the housing, the University Center location closed April 21, 2008.
Dortch Enterprises ownership
An initial attempt to sell the chain to key employees fell through after issues with the bank. As his son was uninterested in 2010, the Thomas family sold the nine location chain to Dortch Enterprises, which operates multiple Subway restaurants in Michigan, with the sale completed on December 29, 2010 for a price of about $10 million. Dortch will be expanding to new locations and making over of the restaurants towards a "fast-casual feel" with earth tones and "upscale decor". In 2011, the company announced they are adding locations in the Oakland County/Detroit metro area in late 2012 and that they would be adding 2 to 3 locations per year. While Dortch feels that Halo Burger locations would do well in East Lansing with Michigan State University and Ann Arbor with University of Michigan having Flint area university students, plans for opening in those cities have been put on hold.
In June 2011, the Company broke ground for a new 10th location in Grand Blanc Township on Holly Road. Three other sites have been selected for new locations: Fenton, Lapeer and Lapeer Road, Davison. In October the Holly Road location opened.
One opened in a gas station in Mount Morris in February 2012. In August 2012, Dortch filed and received approval for a site plan for a joint Halo Burger-Subway location on Belsay Road in Burton.
In January 2013, Halo Burger's Fenton location moved to a former Burger King building on Leroy Street. A new Brighton, Michigan location was scheduled to open in May in Livingston County and would have been their first location in the Metro Detroit area. In March, Dortch announced plans for 5 Oakland County locations: Troy, Clarkston, Novi, Bingham Farms and Farmington Hills and an East Lansing location to open this year along with the existing announced Brighton location. The joint Halo Burger-Subway Burton location opened March 27.
On February 5, 2013, Dortch Halo Enterprises sued a Grand Blanc man who is using @haloburger Twitter handle since 2009 and has been unwilling to turn the handle over to the company without payment. The man's defense is that he is not using it commercial, Twitter handles are first come first served and the "Halo Burger" trademark was supposedly rejected by the U.S. Trademark Office for being too similar to another trademark. Dortch Halo dropped the lawsuit to "prevent more controversy." in April.
On May 8, 2013, the Halo Burger in Clarkston opens, its first in Oakland County with a shift to fast casual format with no drive-through in its Oakland County locations. On October 6, Ferndale and Rochester locations were revealed to be under construction along with four others already announced with the Frandor Shopping Center, Lansing location opening up on the 7th.
In early March 2014, the third fully fast-casual format location was opened in Troy. The week of July 26, Dortch Halo opened it seventeenth location at the Brighton Mall, Brighton. By 2016, two locations were closed, Troy and Clarkston.
Halo Country subsidiary
Dortch Enterprises sold the 15 location Halo Burger chain to Halo Country LLC on January 14, 2016. Halo Country is majority owned by Chance Richie, who has been involved in investment banking and the oil and gas industry. With the Flint water crisis occurring, the three Flint and Burton locations were handing out free bottled water on January 22, 2016 with support from Coca-Cola Company.
In March 2016, Halo Burger began renovating its downtown Flint location with plans to continue renovation at locations in Birch Run and on Linden Road in Flint Township. Office were being added upstairs at the downtown location. Also in early March, a new location was opened at the Palace of Auburn Hills in the chain's first professional sports partnership. Starting with the July 2016 Back to the Bricks, the company would have a Halo Burger food truck for community events.
Three locations, Brighton, Novi and Fenton Road, were closed in late September 2016 due to poor sales. Halo Country felt a drive-thru would improve sales at Metro Detroit locations, but the cost and location outside of Halo Burgers' area of recognition made that unreasonable. By September 29, 2016, the Brighton location was closed with a Burgerland opened in its location.
Two stores in Genesee County closed on January 6, 2017. The Mt. Morris Township location was in a Beacon & Bridge gas station where Halo could not agree on a new lease with the landlord. A replacement site is being look for with expectation of reopening in late 2017. While, the Richfield Road, Genesee Township location was closed due to lack of sales and closeness to three others. In September 2017, its Holly Road, Grand Blanc Township location was closed then the location was leased by Halo Country to Tiki Pineapple restaurant in August 2018.
In January 2017, Halo Burger signed Andre Drummond as its first spokesperson and brand ambassador, which arose out of his interest in Flint arising out of the water crisis and Piston owner's Flint Now response effort. In February 2017, Drummond will design his own burger, the Dre Burger, to join the menu in the second quarter and participate in community outreach of the company. The Dre Burger debut on April 16, 2017, with a benefit official launch event on Saturday, May 6, 2017.
Thrillist named Halo Burger one of the 10 most underrated burger chains in February 2017 calling out The Beefy Double cheeseburger as the chain's best burger and its signatures burger as the Olive Burger and the "drink of choice", the Boston Cooler. Originating under the Thomas ownership, the chain revived a coffee pricing promotion starting on January 3, 2018. A regular-sized (14 ounces) coffee is price at the high temperature of the day but not less than 10 cents and during the work week.
By March 18, 2018, the Saginaw Street Downtown Flint location started serving breakfast again, which was stopped about a decade back. The chain has plans to roll out breakfast to other locations throughout the year.
Menu
Q.P.: Original called the Kewpee, its name is a phonetic sound-out of the original name. The Q.P. is also a short form reference to the patty size, a quarter pound hamburger. This still today remains one of the Halo Burger's most popular sandwiches, especially with olives.
Olive Burger - a Q.P. with olives
The Beefy Double
Boston Cooler - with Vernor's Ginger Ale
Specialty burgers
BLT Cheddar Burger
Hula Burger
Thai Burger
Marsala Brie
HaloPeño Burger
Dre Burger - two patties, bacon strips, cheese, pineapple, crispy and raw onion ring and a mix of Halo & BBQ sauces
hot dogs - supplied by Koegel
Coney dog - Flint style
Salads
Turkey burger - Jennie-O
Notable location
The Downtown Flint location was previously Vernor's Retail Store and Sandwich shop built in 1929. A Vernor's Ginger Ale mural (including the ginger ale's gnome mascot) covers the adjacent Greater Flint Arts Council building and was painted by John Gonsowski. The restaurant's interior iron railing still contain large wrought V's.
Awards
1978 Top 100 United States Burgers by a national radio survey
1983 Voted Flint's #1 hamburger by a Flint Journal Newspaper survey
2000 Voted Michigan's #1 hamburger by a Detroit Newsreader Survey
2011 Best Hamburger of Genesee Readers' Choice Awards, The Flint Journal
See also
List of hamburger restaurants
References
External links
A Tasty Part of Flint History—The former Vernor's outlet in Flint, MI, now Halo Burger
Explain history at Kewpee's site
Fast-food chains of the United States
Regional restaurant chains in the United States
Fast-food hamburger restaurants
Restaurants in Michigan
Restaurants established in 1923
Companies based in Flint, Michigan
1923 establishments in Michigan
Alphonse Gondzia (born 1937?) is a Congolese politician who has served in the Senate of Congo-Brazzaville since 2002. He has also been President of the Senate's Judicial and Administrative Affairs Commission since 2002.
Political career
Gondzia was born at Likombo in the Dongou District of Likouala Region, located in the far north of Congo-Brazzaville, around 1937. During the single-party rule of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), Gondzia was elected to the PCT's 75-member Central Committee at its Third Ordinary Congress, held on 27–31 July 1984. As of 1990, he was a member of the PCT Secretariat, in charge of administration. He worked as Secretary-General of the Ministry of Territorial Administration during the 1990s.
Later, Gondzia stood in the July 2002 Senate election as a PCT candidate in Likouala Region, and he was elected as a Senator. When the Senate began meeting, Gondzia was elected as President of the Senate's Laws and Administration Commission on 23 August 2002. He was additionally designated as the head of the Senate's Congo–China friendship group on 13 December 2004, and he was re-elected as President of the Laws, Administration, and Human Rights Commission on 11 October 2005.
Gondzia held a Christmas dinner for 400 children in Dongou in December 2005; he also distributed rice and school supplies. He was a member of the PCT Political Bureau as of 2006; acting as a representative of the PCT, he visited China in June 2006 to attend a Communist Party of China seminar regarding development, aid, and other issues involving African nations. On that occasion, he noted that China's investment in Congo was concentrated in infrastructure and he expressed hope that "there will be more investment in other fields".
Together with many other parties, the PCT formed the Rally of the Presidential Majority (RMP), a grouping of parties supporting President Denis Sassou Nguesso, in December 2007. Gondzia then led a six-member RMP delegation to Cuvette-Ouest Department in February 2008 in order to oversee the establishment of the RMP's organizational structures in that department.
Standing as an RMP candidate, Gondzia was re-elected to the Senate in the August 2008 Senate election. He received the votes of 42 of the 57 electors in Likouala, more than any other candidate in Likouala, and thus won the first of the six seats available for the department. Following the election, Gondzia was assigned to head an 11-member ad hoc commission that was responsible for drawing up some modifications to the Senate's internal regulations on 20 August 2008. When the Senate met again on 29 August 2008, the modified internal regulations were adopted and Gondzia was re-elected as President of the Senate's Judicial and Administrative Affairs Commission, in line with a proposal to maintain the existing heads of the Senate commissions in their posts.
During a working visit to Likouala from 23 December 2008 to 3 January 2009, Gondzia distributed gifts in the village of Ikouangala, including an electrical generator and a television with a DVD player and satellite dish. He distributed an assortment of other gifts that had been donated by the Chinese Ambassador to Congo. Gondzia also used the visit to highlight the ongoing revision of the voter rolls in preparation for the 2009 presidential election.
Gondzia was named a Grand Officer of the Congolese Order of Merit on 16 August 2011. Following the October 2011 Senate election, he was re-elected as President of the Senate's Judicial and Administrative Affairs Commission on 24 October 2011.
Gondzia was re-elected to the Senate in October 2014 as a PCT candidate in Likouala, receiving 42 of the 57 possible votes.
References
Members of the Senate (Republic of the Congo)
Congolese Party of Labour politicians
Living people
People from Likouala Department
Year of birth uncertain
Michael Liam McQuillan is a Scottish mathematician studying algebraic geometry. As of 2019 he is Professor at the University of Rome Tor Vergata.
Career
Michael McQuillan received the doctorate in 1992 at Harvard University under Barry Mazur ("Division points on semi-Abelian varieties").
In 1996, MacQuillan gave a new proof of a conjecture of André Bloch (1926) about holomorphic curves in closed subvarieties of Abelian varieties, proved a conjecture of Shoshichi Kobayashi (about the Kobayashi-hyperbolicity of generic hypersurfaces of high degree in projective n-dimensional space) in the three-dimensional case and achieved partial results on a conjecture of Mark Green and Phillip Griffiths (which states that a holomorphic curve on an algebraic surface of general type with cannot be Zariski-dense).
From 1996 to 2001 he was a post-doctoral Research Fellow at All Souls College of the University of Oxford and in 2009 was Professor at the University of Glasgow as well as Advanced Research Fellow of the British Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council. As of 2019 he is Professor at the University of Rome Tor Vergata and an editor of the European Journal of Mathematics.
Awards
In 2000 McQuillan received the EMS Prize, which was announced from the European Congress of Mathematics in July 2000, for his work:
In 2001 he was awarded the Whitehead Prize of the London Mathematical Society. In 2002 he was invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Beijing (Integrating ). In 2001 he received the Whittaker Prize.
References
20th-century Scottish mathematicians
21st-century Scottish mathematicians
Whitehead Prize winners
Living people
University of Rome Tor Vergata faculty
Harvard University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Algebraic geometers
Sir Edmund Whittaker Memorial Prize winners
This is a list of Yorkshire Railways. Most were absorbed by larger railway companies which ended with two of the constituents of The Big Four (London Midland Scottish & London and North Eastern Railway) operating in the Yorkshire & Humber area. These companies were created under the Railways Act 1921 and the act came into effect on 1 January 1923. The Big Four existed for 25 years before being nationalized on 1 January 1948 under the Transport Act 1947.
Some lines escaped being nationalized such as the Derwent Valley Light Railway and the Middleton Railway in Leeds. The latter line's use as a coal railway for the National Coal Board was enough to prevent it being becoming part of the British Rail network.
Privatisation in 1994 onwards has seen the railway ownership pass from British Rail to Railtrack and then onto Network Rail.
Whilst all of these railways are in Yorkshire and the Humber, most of the bigger companies had concerns that stretched far outside of the scope of this list (Midland Railway, Great Central Railway, LNER, etc) into other regions.
Standard gauge railways
Narrow gauge railways
See also
:Category: Rail transport in North Yorkshire
:Category: Rail transport in the East Riding of Yorkshire
:Category: Rail transport in South Yorkshire
:Category: Rail transport in West Yorkshire
Notes
References
External links
Route map of Lancashire & Yorkshire Railway
Yorkshire
Rail transport in Yorkshire
The South Is My Country (Portuguese: O Sul é o Meu País) is a separatist movement that claims the independence of Brazil's South Region, formed by the states of Paraná, Rio Grande do Sul, and Santa Catarina. The group claims the region is under-represented by Brasília.
Context
During the Empire of Brazil, several separatist movements existed in the region. Among the main reasons for secession, the groups complained about high taxation of dry meat, the main export product of the region during the time. Armed conflict broke out in the Ragamuffin War, when Rio Grande do Sul unsuccessfully tried to gain independence. During the transition to the republic, federalist groups formed in the region, culminating in the Federalist Revolution.
In the context of the Brazilian República Velha (Old Republic), the so-called coffee with milk politics were in practice, favoring the states of São Paulo and Minas Gerais, the largest in terms of population and wealth - producers of coffee and dairy products, respectively. Rio Grande do Sul, among other states, joined the political opposition, forming the Liberal Alliance (Portuguese: Aliança Liberal) and launched Getúlio Vargas as candidate for president, who lost to Júlio Prestes. Vargas had almost 100% of the votes in Rio Grande do Sul. The Liberal Alliance refused to accept the results of the election, claiming that Prestes' victory was fraudulent. This led to a coup d'état known as Revolution of 1930, which made Getulio Vargas the new president, ending the Old Republic. After this, only two presidents linked to the states Paraná, Rio Grande do Sul, and Santa Catarina came to power democratically: Getúlio Vargas and João Goulart. Both presidents lost their mandates.
Movement
The movement arose during the Second Separatist Congress celebrated in 1992 at Laguna, founded by Adílcio Cadorin, freemason and former mayor of the city. It upholds the concept of self-determination of the peoples and does not constitute a political party, despite its founders being directly involved with politics. The movement is headquartered in Curitiba and the President is Celso Deucher.
Its defenders allege that the states of Paraná, Rio Grande do Sul, and Santa Catarina have particular and distinct characteristics from the rest of Brazil, and thus they claim the right to political, economic, social and cultural self-determination, based on the expectation of self-sufficiency to direct better the resources of the state to attend to its regional peculiarities.
The official symbols of the movement includes three stars which represent Paraná, Rio Grande do Sul, and Santa Catarina.
Unofficial independence referendums
First edition
On 1 October 2016, Plebisul - an unofficial referendum - was held. Voters were asked if they wanted to secede from Brazil, forming a new country with the three states. A total of 616,917 votes (which represents less than 3% the number of registered voters in these states) were counted according to the organizers of the ballot, 95% voting yes. They were hoping to reach up to a million votes throughout the three Brazilian states.
Second edition
In 2017, a second edition of the referendum was announced, to be held on 7 October of the same year. The edition had an estimated cost of R$ 25,000. The participation target was set to the same as the previous referendum - 1 million voters.
In its second edition, the organizers also collected signatures for a popular initiative bill to hold an official referendum in 2018, with the same question and answer options as the informal popular referendum held so far.
Criticism
Some academics claim that the movement bases its separatist claims in "natural differences", such as the region's climate, and that although these might create an "identity" for the region, the people and their culture are not much different from the rest of the country. Others claim there are cultural differences, such as in religion, literature, food, clothing, dances, music, etc. Some go as far as to say that Brazilians identify first with their home state, and only then as Brazilians. On the other hand, it is argued that it's impossible to identify each state's identity due to a shared "Brazilian" culture, which includes the Portuguese language, sport preferences, etc.
See also
Immigration to Brazil
Independence referendum
Juliana Republic
Lists of active separatist movements
Riograndense Republic
Southern Cone
References
External links
Official Blog
Independence movements
Separatism in Brazil
Secessionist organizations
This is a list of the largest daily changes in the Russell 2000 Index since 1987.
Largest percentage changes
Largest point changes
Largest intraday point swings
Largest daily percentage changes per year
Year has not yet ended.
See also
Russell 2000 Index
List of the largest daily changes in the S&P 500 Index
List of the largest daily changes in the Nasdaq Composite
List of the largest daily changes in the Dow Jones Industrial Average
References
External links
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/%5ERUT/history?p=%5ERUT
Economy-related lists of superlatives
2000_index_changes
Demequina litorisediminis is a Gram-positive, facultatively anaerobic and non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus Demequina which has been isolated from tidal flat sediments from the Yellow Sea in Korea.
References
External links
Type strain of Demequina litorisediminis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2016
The South Africa men's national under-21 field hockey team represents South Africa at international field hockey matches and tournaments.
Tournament record
Junior World Cup
Junior Africa Hockey Cup
1997-
2001 –
2004 –
2008 –
2012 –
2016 -
Current squad
The following 18 players were named on 18 October 2021 for the 2021 Men's FIH Hockey Junior World Cup in Bhubaneswar, India.
Caps updated as of 4 December 2021, after the match against South Korea.
See also
South Africa men's national field hockey team
South Africa women's national under-21 field hockey team
Notes
References
Men's national under-21 field hockey teams
Field hockey
Field hockey in South Africa
The Boosmansbos Wilderness Area of is situated north of Heidelberg in the eastern Langeberg mountain chain of the Western Cape Province, South Africa. Boosmansbos, i.e. 'angry man's forest', is named after a resident hermit of the early 19th century who had been known to scare youngsters who visited his apiaries.
The elevation reaches at Grootberg peak, located at the center of the wilderness area. The tributaries of the Duiwenhoks River, which drain its southern slopes, tumble along precipitous gorges to above sea level on the southern perimeter. In the southwest the wilderness area encloses the Grootvadersbosch Nature Reserve of , the most western natural forest in South Africa.
The wilderness area conserves mountain fynbos and valley forest. Among the special fynbos plants conserved are Erica and everlasting species as well as the rare Langeberg rambling aloe. Important forest tree species occurring in the valleys are sickle-leaved yellowwood, stinkwood and red alder.
The area receives rain in any month of the year, although mid summer and mid winter are the driest, when hot bergwind conditions may occur. of footpaths allow access to the wilderness, among which a circular section which can be completed in two days.
See also
Protected areas of South Africa
South African National Parks
References
CapeNature, Boosmansbos
SA places, Boosmansbos
Heidelberg information page
Provincial nature reserves of the Western Cape
Wilderness areas
The Séduisant class was a sub-class of 74-gun ships of the line of the French Navy, comprising two ships built at Toulon Dockyard to a design by Joseph-Marie-Blaise Coulomb in the year immediately following the close of the American Revolutionary War. In reality these two ships followed his design for the Centaure Class, but were completed with a length greater by 5¼ feet, and had also slightly less breadth and depth in hold.
Séduisant
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 1 June 1782
Begun: August 1782
Launched: 5 July 1783
Completed: 1783
Fate: Wrecked, 16 December 1796
Mercure
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 1 June 1782
Begun: August 1782
Launched: 4 August 1783
Completed: 1783
Fate: Burnt by the British after the Battle of the Nile, 2 August 1798
References
Demerliac, Cmdt. Alain, Nomenclature des navires français de 1774 a 1792. Editions ANCRE, Nice.
Winfield, Rif and Roberts, Stephen (2015) French Warships in the Age of Sail 1786-1861: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. .
74-gun ship of the line classes
Ship of the line classes from France
1783 ships
The NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division, Southwest Series was a late model stock car racing league operating since 1985, originally with NASCAR sanction as the NASCAR Featherlite Southwest Tour, and before being sanctioned by a group of West Coast racers under the premises of the Stockcar Racing League.
The cars feature a perimeter frame chassis where rails of equal lengths must kick out, compared to the more modern offset chassis where one side is straight and one side kicks out. They weigh 2,900 pounds and have a fiberglass body.
The original NASCAR Southwest Tour began in 1985 and ran until NASCAR discontinued the Elite Division in 2006.
When NASCAR eliminated the Elite Division at the end of the 2006 season, former IRL driver Davey Hamilton's SRL Wild West Shootout sanctioning body gave the former NASCAR Southwest Tour teams in the Southwest a series to race.
Champions
NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division, Southwest Series
2006: Rip Michels
2005: Jim Pettit II
2004: Jim Pettit II
2003: Auggie Vidovich
NASCAR Featherlite Southwest Tour
2002: Eddy McKean
2001: Craig Raudman
2000: Matt Crafton
1999: Kurt Busch
1998: Steve Portenga
1997: Brian Germone
1996: Chris Raudman
1995: Lance Hooper
1994: Steve Portenga
1993: Ron Hornaday Jr.
1992: Ron Hornaday Jr.
1991: Rick Carelli
1990: Doug George
1989: Dan Press
1988: Roman Calczynski
1987: Mike Chase
1986: Ron Esau
References
External links
NASCAR Southwest Series archive at Racing-Reference
NASCAR series
Stock car racing series in the United States
Stock car racing
Chalab is a village in Kurdistan Province, Iran.
Chalab or Chal Ab () may also refer to:
Jradzor, Armenia
Chalab-e Bekr, Iran
Chalab-e Olya, Iran
Chalab-e Olya, Kermanshah, Iran
Chalab-e Pain, Iran
Chalab-e Sofla, Iran
Chalab-e Sofla, Kermanshah, Iran
Chal Ab Morad Ali, Iran
Archievenblad is a Dutch journal of archival science. It was formed by a merger of Nieuws van archieven and Nederlandsch archievenblad (founded 1892) and is an official journal of Koninklijke Vereniging van Archivarissen in Nederland (the Royal Association of Archivists in the Netherlands).
References
External links
https://kvan.courant.nu/periodicals/NAB
Dutch-language journals
Information science journals
Francis turbine converts energy at high pressure heads which are not easily available and hence a turbine was required to convert the energy at low pressure heads, given that the quantity of water was large enough. It was easy to convert high pressure heads to power easily but difficult to do so for low pressure heads. Therefore, an evolution took place that converted the Francis turbine to Kaplan turbine, which generated power at even low pressure heads efficiently.
Changes
Turbines are sometimes differentiated on the basis of the type of inlet flow, whether the inlet velocity is in axial direction, radial direction or a combination of both. Francis turbine is a mixed hydraulic turbine (the inlet velocity has Radial and Tangential Components) while the Kaplan turbine is an Axial hydraulic turbine(the inlet velocity has only Axial Velocity Component). The evolution consisted of the change in the inlet flow mainly.
Nomenclature of a Velocity Triangle:
A general velocity triangle consists of the following vectors:
V : Absolute velocity of the fluid.
U : Tangential velocity of the fluid.
Vr: Relative velocity of the fluid after contact with rotor.
Vw: Tangential component of V (absolute velocity), called Whirl velocity.
Vf: Flow velocity (axial component in case of axial machines, radial component in case of radial machines).
α: Angle made by V with the plane of the machine (usually the nozzle angle or the guide blade angle).
β: Angle of the rotor blade or angle made by relative velocity with the tangential direction.
Generally, the Kaplan turbine works on low pressure heads (H) and high flow rates (Q). This implies that the Specific speed (Ns) on which Kaplan turbine functions is high as Specific speed (Nsp) is directly proportional to Flow (Q) and inversely proportional to Head (H). On the other hand, Francis turbine works on low Specific speeds i.e., high pressure heads.
In the figure, it can be seen that the increase in Specific speed (or decrease in Head) have the following consequences:
A reduction in inlet velocity V1 .
The flow velocity Vf1 at inlet increases, and hence allows a large amount of fluid to enter the turbine.
Vw component decreases as moving to Kaplan turbine, and here in the figure, Vf represents axial (Va) component.
The flow at inlet, in the figure, to all the runners, except the Kaplan impeller, is in radial (Vf)and tangential (Vw) directions.
β1 decreases as the evolution proceeds.
However, the exit velocity is axial in Kaplan runner, while it is the radial one in all other runners.
Hence, these are the parameter changes that has to be incorporated in converting a Francis turbine to Kaplan turbine.
General differences between Francis and Kaplan turbines
Efficiency of Kaplan turbine is higher than Francis turbine.
Kaplan turbine is more compact in cross-section and has lower rotational speed to that of Francis turbine.
In Kaplan turbine, the water flows axially in and axially out while in Francis turbine it is radially in and axially out.
The runner blades in the Kaplan turbine are less in number as the blades are twisted and covers a larger circumference.
Friction losses in Kaplan turbine are less.
The Shaft of a Francis Turbine is usually vertical, but in many of the early machines it was horizontal, whereas in Kaplan Turbines it is always vertical.
The Francis Turbines specific speed is medium (60-300 rpm) and Kaplan Turbines specific speed is high (300-1000 rpm).
See also
Francis turbine
Kaplan turbine
Velocity triangle
Turbine
Three-dimensional losses and correlation in turbomachinery
Notes
References
Water turbines
Turbomachinery
Hydraulic engineering
Oakes Municipal Airport is a public airport located 2.5 miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Oakes, a city in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. It is owned by the Oakes Airport Authority.
Facilities and aircraft
Oakes Municipal Airport covers an area of which contains two runways: 12/30 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,500 by 60 feet (1,067 x 18 m) and
17/35 with a turf surface measuring 2,000 by 200 feet (610 x 61 m).
For the 12-month period ending November 3, 1997, the airport had 2,910 aircraft operations: 96% general aviation, 3% air taxi and <1% military.
References
External links
Airports in North Dakota
Buildings and structures in Dickey County, North Dakota
Transportation in Dickey County, North Dakota
Viktor Mikhailovich Gusev (; born October 27, 1955, Moscow) is a Russian TV presenter, sports commentator of the Channel One Russia; grandson of the poet Viktor Gusev, son of a scientist, Professor Mikhail Gusev, who headed the biological faculty of Moscow State University for 33 years.
Biography
In 1972 he graduated from the special English school No. 19 in Moscow. In 1975, he trained at the University of New York (Albany). In 1977 he graduated from the Translation Department of the Moscow State Pedagogical Institute of Foreign Languages, majoring as a translator of English and French.
While serving in the army (1977-1979) participated in hostilities in Ethiopia. He was awarded the medal 'For Battle Merit'.
Since 1979 to 1985 he was the senior editor-translator of the main edition of the information for abroad TASS.
Since 1985 to 1991, he was a correspondent for the sports edition of TASS. He was a member of the CPSU, but in the days of the putsch in 1991 he left the party, supporting Boris Yeltsin and the idea of a new Russia.
Since 1992, freelance collaborates with television, commenting on football matches and driving sports programs. The first report was from the draw of the final part of the 1994 FIFA World Cup, held in December 1993 in Las Vegas, USA.
Since the 1990s, at different times a correspondent for the sports editorial office of RIA Novosti, editor-in-chief of the monthly football magazine 'Match', press attaché of the CSKA Ice Hockey Club Russian Penguins, a press attaché of the Russian national football team in 1998 and at the 1994 FIFA World Cup, from the beginning of the 90s the lead author of the column in the English soccer magazine World Soccer. In the 2000s and 2010s he also kept diaries of the World and European Football Championships, the Olympic Games on Channel One.
Since 1993 he has been working as a simultaneous interpreter at the congresses of the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF), having already counted more than 50 congresses on his account.
Member of the Academy of Russian Television. Awarded with medals of the Order of Merit for the Fatherland II degrees, as well as the medal of Nikolai Ozerov. The owner of journalistic prizes 'Sagittarius', 'Golden microphone', the Lev Filatov Award. Laureate of the Russian Government Media Award in 2007. Laureate of the award of the Ministry of Sports of Russia, as the best sports journalist of 2015.
He is married. Three children: two daughters and a son.
References
External links
Official website
1955 births
Living people
Sports commentators
Russian sports journalists
Russian association football commentators
Recipients of the Medal of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" II class
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Russian male journalists
Muhammadjan Hindustani (born in 1892 in Chorbogh, Tajikistan) was an Islamist teacher in Uzbekistan during the Soviet era. He was a teacher of Abduvali qori Mirzayev, who taught Tahir Yuldash and Juma Namangani. Yuldash and Namangani both became leaders of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan. Sayid Abdullah Nuri and Muhammad Sharif Himmatzoda, who were leaders of the Islamic Renaissance Party of Tajikistan were also students of Hindustani's. Hindustani was arrested by the Soviets, and he died in prison.
During the early 1970s, Hindustani founded a clandestine madrassa in Dushanbe. It was influenced by the ideology of Muslim Brotherhood founder Hassan al-Banna, as well as the Deobandi movement of India. (Deobandi Islam was also an ideological influence for the Taliban movement.)
Hindustani considered some of his students "Wahhabist" — Hindustani used the term Wahhabist for anyone who introduces non-traditional interpretations of the Quran. He may denounce Ziyaudin Bobokhon as a Wahhabist for issuing fatwas that differed from traditional Hanafi interpretations; Bobokhon responded by removing Hindustani from the Council of Ulema of SADUM. Some scholars have used Wahhabist in this sense to describe the ulema in the Ferghana Valley and Tajikistan who diverged from the orthodox traditions of Hanafi Islam. One of these students, Rahmatullah Alloma from Kokand, Uzbekistan died in an automobile accident in 1981. Alloma and Abduvali Qori had both studied for six months under Hakimjan-Qori Marghiloni, who was considered the father of neo-Wahhabism by Hanafi scholars in the Ferghana Valley before studying under Hindustani for another year and a half.
References
Terrorism in Uzbekistan
Islam in Uzbekistan
Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan
Alejandro Agustín Domenez (born 25 February 1987) is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing for Gimnasia y Esgrima.
Domenez made his league debut in a 3–1 defeat by Arsenal de Sarandí on 5 August 2006. In 2007, he was loaned to Almagro of the Argentine 2nd division. Since his return to Gimnasia in 2008 he has failed to return to first team football.
Argentine Primera statistics
1987 births
Living people
People from Tandil
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata footballers
Club Almagro players
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Tosheff's Restaurant and Hotel is a historic building in the Reeb-Hosack neighborhood of Columbus, Ohio. It was built in 1920 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001. The restaurant and hotel are one of few remainders of the historic Steelton industrial area, and closely connected to the eastern European neighborhood there. The industrial district was centered on Parsons Avenue, and relied upon the Buckeye Steel Castings Company, American Rolling Mill Company, the Chase Foundry and Manufacturing Company, the Federal Glass Company, and the Seagraves firetruck manufacturing plant.
Tosheff's was one of the first commercial buildings, at a time when the area was still primarily residential. George Tosheff has opened a restaurant there in leased space by 1918 and lived directly above it. By 1923, the new building housed a jeweler, barber, men's clothing store, and a billiards hall. Tosheff's restaurant was located on the first floor, and his hotel on the second (the South End Hotel, later Tosheff's Hotel). Tosheff sold the restaurant near the start of World War II, and operated the hotel until he sold the entire building in 1965.
The two-story brick building appears as two side-by-side, but was built and completed at the same time, and joints connect them. Behind the middle third of the building lies a one-story addition which held hotel rooms, part of which was constructed c. 1920 and part c. 1947.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
Commercial buildings completed in 1920
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
C.G. Hallberg was a prominent Swedish goldsmiths and jewelers, jeweler to the Swedish Court. Its central store was located at Drottninggatan 6 in Stockholm . It is best known for its silverware and metalware which continue to fetch high prices in auctions today. In the early 20th century it was the largest jewelers in Scandinavia and one of Sweden's top firms; by 1961 it was still the largest jewelers in Sweden with 31 domestic shops and a global export network. Jean Jahnsson was president from 1896. It merged with GAB in 1961.
References
Swedish jewellers
Silversmiths
Defunct companies of Sweden
The Big Restaurant () is a French comedy thriller film from 1966, directed by Jacques Besnard, written by Jean Halain and Louis de Funès and starring Louis de Funès and Bernard Blier. The film is known under the titles The Restaurant or The Big Restaurant (international English title), What's Cooking in Paris (U.S.), El gran restaurante (Spain), Das große Restaurant (East Germany), Oscar hat die Hosen voll (West Germany), Grand restaurant pana Septima (Czechoslovakia) and Chi ha rubato il presidente? (Italy).
Plot
Septime runs a top Paris restaurant, fawning to customers (unless they are German) and bullying his staff. Novalès, head of a Latin American country who is on a state visit to France, comes to dinner and is served a speciality of the house, a flambéed dessert. When Septime lights it, it explodes.
Once the smoke has cleared, the president has vanished. The police, led by the commissaire, first think Septime arranged the abduction. When they realise that he is innocent, they wire him up as a decoy, expecting the kidnappers to contact him. They do, telling him to meet them in the French Alps, where the police follow him. Enrique and Sophia, loyal aides of Novalès, also follow Septime to try to recover their boss.
After a chase through snow-covered mountains, Septime decoys the kidnappers into the hands of the police. Free and back in Paris, he is abducted and flown to the Mediterranean coast. In a beautiful garden, he meets Novalès, who arranged his own abduction in order to have a holiday. But he knows he will have to go back to his duties and, returning to Paris, gives Septime the credit for finding him.
Coming with his aides for a last celebratory dinner at Septime's restaurant, they are served the special flambéed dessert. When Septime lights it, it explodes again.
Cast
Louis de Funès : Monsieur Septime, boss of a big Parisian restaurant
Bernard Blier : The Inspector
Toty Rodríguez : Sophia, secretary and mistress of President Novalès
Venantino Venantini : Enrique, aide of President Novalès
Noël Roquevert : Minister of the Interior
Folco Lulli : President Novalès, President of a Latin American country
Paul Préboist : The cellarman
Raoul Delfosse : Marcel, head cook
Max Montavon : The violinist and the customer who declares "Oh, c'est pas cher du tout!"
Mathias Caccia : The pianist
Pierre Tornade : Maître d'hôtel
Maurice Risch : Waiter
Jacques Dynam : Waiter
Guy Grosso : Waiter
Michel Modo : Petit-Roger, another waiter
Eugene Deckers : Accomplice of Novalès
Paul Faivre : the diner who is dirtied
Olivier de Funès : kitchen boy Louis (uncredited)
Reception
Le grand restaurant was the eighth-most-popular film at the French box office in 1966.
References
External links
Le Grand Restaurant at Films de France
1966 films
1960s comedy thriller films
French comedy thriller films
1960s French-language films
Films directed by Jacques Besnard
Cooking films
Films set in restaurants
1966 comedy films
1960s French films
The Virginia State Board of Censors was a government agency formed on August 1, 1922 for the purpose of reviewing and licensing films for approval to be screened in the state of Virginia. During the agency's existence its members examined over 52,000 films, over 2,000 of which required edits before approval was given; and another 157 films were rejected entirely, of which only 38 won subsequent approval. The board disbanded in 1968 following a series of U.S. Supreme Court rulings which overturned censorship statutes across the country.
Background and formation
The first ordinance for censorship of motion pictures in the United States was enacted by the city of Chicago in 1907. As many as 100 other metropolitan areas adopted censorship statutes; state governments began to follow suit and in 1922 Virginia became the last of seven states to create its own censorship board, becoming one of the leaders in film censorship in the country.
The Virginia General Assembly approved an act on March 15, 1922 "to regulate motion picture films and reels; providing a system of examination, approval and regulation thereof, and of the banners, poster and other like advertising matter used in connection therewith; creating the board of censors; and providing penalties for the violation of this act." Through issuing licenses to filmmakers and distributors, the board sought to limit films the members felt threatened "morality" or films that may cause the "incitement of a crime;" these films often involved depictions of sexual situations and/or race relations. Virginia's statutes were copied verbatim from those of New York's censorship board, but Virginia followed a slightly different mandate not written in the legislation, focusing on racial sensibilities in Virginia.
Board Members
The Act's second provision detailed the guidelines under which the board's members were selected. The board would be composed of three residents of Virginia "well qualified by education and experience to act as censors under this act," whom would be appointed by the governor. Governor Elbert Lee Trinkle appointed the first members of the Board of Censors: Evan Chesterman, a writer and former secretary of the Board of Education; R.C.L. Moncure, a tax collector and former businessman; and Emma Speed Sampson, a Richmond native artist and writer.
In an interview with The Monocle in 1929, Sampson stated: "We only eliminate vulgarities in comic pictures. In fact, we do not cut much from pictures because now the people are broader-minded and every day pictures getting better."
This original board would later be abolished then reinstated under the department of law, supervised by the attorney general, but censors remained governor appointed. Positions in censorship boards anywhere in the country became valuable patronage plums awarded by the state's respective governor, and board members often were people with little or no experience in the film industry. Censorship board positions were often held by politically connected women, and no censor appointed in Virginia ever retired from the position, although board members would occasionally step down and be replaced over time. When reviewing films that were particularly controversial, the board sometimes brought in other members of the community to help pass judgment, such public health officials or lawyers.
Censorship criteria
The Board of Censors reviewed three types of films specified in the fifth provision as: Used films (films screened in Virginia prior to the board's formation), "Current event" films (any new narrative film depicting current events), and scientific and educational films. The legislation also required any film to be licensed by the board before being publicly screened, and board certification had to be displayed on screen sometime during its exhibition.
The state's legislators believed that sexuality portrayed in films was a potentially dangerous force that threatened racial traditions, economic stability, and the marital bond. As a result, the board focused on the issues of 'morality' and the 'incitement of crime' as criteria for rejecting films and devoted considerable attention to censoring what they considered immoral films; films that typically portrayed sexuality.
Films that portrayed interracial socializing, be it sexual or not, and any film that showed interracial tensions of any kind also received considerable criticism from the Board of Censors. The passage of the Racial Integrity Act of 1924 gave the board their justification in censoring depictions of racial mixing. Members of the Board of Censors followed a mandate which, as stated in an annual report, "scrutinized with particular care all films which touch upon the relations existing between whites and blacks. Every scene or subtitle calculated to produce friction between the races is eliminated." Although the board did not explicitly define what material might "produce friction between the races," any film that did not depict segregation to the satisfaction of the board would be subject to major cuts, or rejection "in toto."
Controversies
In most cases of disapproval, the Board of Censors would request certain sections of film prints be cut before license was granted, but these edits often created critical errors in the films in question, such as causing gaps in the story line, miss-matched shots, and problems with synchronization of sound and image in the early days of talkies. Other times the board outright banned entire films from screening regardless of any edits that could be made.
In the face of the Racial Integrity Act and a film censorship board, Virginia became a leader in the South for its enhanced progressive image. Virginia and its leading citizens perpetuated a reputation of having friendlier relations than most states in the South, but the state's relations relied upon rigid racial and social control set forth by the dominant white middle and upper classes. The board's efforts were aimed at protecting the lower class from immoral material, but the freedom of speech for all Virginians was at risk because with a film censorship board the state now had the power to regulate the cultural consumption of middle and upper class standards. By policing the boundaries of gender and sexuality, the board, in effect, also policed the boundaries of class.
Oscar Micheaux
One filmmaker who constantly pushed the limits of Virginia's Board of Censers was Oscar Micheaux. Micheaux was one of several black filmmakers between the 1910s and 1950s who sought to provide black audiences with films made from a black perspective, and he is considered the foremost African American filmmaker of the era.
The Virginia Board of Censors would specifically make sure only stereotypical African American images, such as maids, butlers, and criminals would be portrayed in movies. However, Micheaux's intention with his films was to accurately depict the conditions in which black men lived in the United States. Throughout Micheaux's career the board consistently voiced their distaste for his films. Evan Chesterman wrote in a 1925 report that Micheaux's production company was, "a negro corporation, whose output is designed solely for colored houses, and whose actors, almost without exception, are colored people, has been severely disciplined on account of its infelicitous, not to say dangerous, treatment of the race question." The board's response to Micheaux's films provides a glimpse of their larger administrative agenda of managing race relations under a code of white paternalism and a strict racial etiquette.
Micheaux and the Virginia Board of Censors first came at odds over his 1924 film, Birthright. The film first screened in Virginia even though Micheaux never gained approval from the board. Chesterman investigated how this could happen and it turns out Birthright had been screening with a Virginia Board of Censors seal of approval, and he concluded Micheaux must have committed a "deliberate violation of the censorship act" by editing in the seal from a previously approved film. Micheaux never responded to letters from the board, and in response the board fined Micheaux and never reviewed Birthright nor allowed its screening in the state.
In July 1924, Micheaux did submit his film, A Son of Satan, to the Virginia Board of Censors for review, which was subsequently rejected. When the filmmaker requested an appeal, the board denied his request citing the way Micheaux failed to respond to the objections of Birthright earlier in the year. The board's specific objections to A Son of Satan stemmed from images of miscegenation and race riots, as well as scenes which caused "blurring of racial lines in public spaces such as dance halls." After paying a fine, making some cuts, and a great deal of confrontation with the members of the board, namely Chesterman, Micheaux's film was eventually licensed to be shown in Virginia.
In March 1927, Micheaux's newest film, The House Behind the Cedars, generated controversy among the Board of Censors just as the filmmaker's previous two efforts had, however their ruling on this film sparked debate on the white allegiance to the Racial Integrity Act. The board's report concluded films were not the proper medium for handling sensitive topics involving race, and that The House Behind the Cedars had the potential to incite crime through race riots. Micheaux objected saying the film had been adapted from a book, which had been in circulation for thirty years, and the film had screened across the country without incident. Micheaux once again agreed to make cuts to his film, and the board licensed The House behind the Cedars, but Micheaux only screened the film in Virginia's black theaters.
The Birth of a Baby
In addition to censoring sexual situations in drama films, the Board of Censors also censored documentary films. Educational films such The Miracle of Life and Girls of the Underworld depicted stories of contraception and the consequences of venereal disease, respectively, and they were both rejected "in toto" by the board for their dramatic portrayals of what were considered sexual taboos.
In 1937 Virginia, along with several other states, banned The Birth of a Baby, an educational film sponsored by the American Medical Association and the U.S. Public Health Service, among many other organizations, and looked to educate parents about safe child birth. Virginia's rejection of this film led to the first challenge against a censorship ordinance in the state, which was decided in the Virginia Supreme Court case Lynchburg v. Dominion Theatres of 1940, leading to a rare occurrence of a censorship ordinance being overturned during the time the Board of Censors existed. This would be the last successful overruling of a censorship ordinance until 1965, however the debate over censorship versus the legality of prior restraint began to gain momentum.
Board disbands
In 1952 the U.S. Supreme Court placed movies under First Amendment protection in the ruling of Joseph Burstyn, Inc. v. Wilson, reversing a decision that stood since 1915 and thus overturning any film censorship case to come after. However, some states raised the debate whether censorship was a question of prior restraint, or free speech, and some boards carried on censoring while working through the appeals process.
By 1956, Virginia was one of only four states still with censorship boards. After a lengthy legal battle, New York's ban of the film Lady Chatterley's Lover was reversed by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1957, a decision that greatly impacted New York's censorship laws as well those remaining in the other three states, Virginia included. The U.S. Supreme Court case Freedman v. Maryland in 1965 officially overturned the censorship statutes of the remaining censorship boards in the country, and Virginia's State Board of Censors became inactive effective June 30, 1966.
See also
Film censorship in the United States
References
State agencies of Virginia
Cinemas and movie theaters in Virginia
Film censorship in the United States
1922 establishments in Virginia
The mayor of the District of Columbia is the head of the executive branch of the government of the District of Columbia, in the United States. The mayor has the duty to enforce district laws, and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Council of the District of Columbia, in the United States. In addition, the mayor oversees all district services, public property, police and fire protection, most public agencies, and the public school system within the District of Columbia. The mayor's office oversees an annual district budget of $8.8 billion.
The mayor's executive office is located in the John A. Wilson Building in downtown Washington, D.C. The mayor appoints several officers, including the deputy mayors for Education and Planning & Economic Development, the district administrator, the chancellor of the district's public schools, and the department heads of the district agencies (CIO- Chief Information Officer).
History of governance
At its official formation in 1801 by Act of Congress, the district consisted of five political sub-divisions: three cities with their own municipal governments, and two rural counties. The City of Washington was one of those three cities. Newly chartered shortly after the district, in 1802, the City of Washington had its own list of mayors from 1802 through 1871. From 1802 to 1812, the mayor was appointed by the President of the United States; the City of Washington's first mayor was Robert Brent, appointed in 1802 by Thomas Jefferson. Between 1812 and 1820, the city's mayors were then selected by executive council. In 1820, the federal charter was amended to allow the mayor to be popularly elected, although only white male property owners could vote. In 1848, the property-ownership requirement was lifted, and in 1867 Congress extended the franchise to Black males over President Andrew Johnson's veto.
The district as a whole had no governor or any other executive position in that period.
In 1871, with the District of Columbia Organic Act, the three remaining subdivisions within the district (Washington City, Georgetown, and Washington County) were unified into a single government. The office of mayor was abolished and the executive became a territorial governor appointed by the president. The district was overseen by governors, then by a three-member board of commissioners, until 1967.
In 1967 President Lyndon B. Johnson created a more modern government headed by a single commissioner, popularly known as "mayor-commissioner," and a nine-member district council, all appointed by the president. Walter E. Washington was named to the post, and was retained by Johnson's successor, Richard Nixon. Washington was the only occupant of that position.
Creation of mayorship
In 1973, Congress enacted the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, providing for an elected mayor and 13-member district council, with the first elections to take place the following year. Incumbent mayor-commissioner Walter Washington was elected the first home-rule Mayor of the District of Columbia on November 5, 1974. He took office on January 2, 1975, heading the district's first popularly-elected government in over a century.
The local government, particularly during the mayoralty of Washington's successor, Marion Barry (1979–1991), was criticized for mismanagement and waste. Barry defeated Mayor Washington in the 1978 Democratic Party primary. Barry was then elected mayor, serving three successive four-year terms. During his administration in 1989, The Washington Monthly magazine claimed that the district had "the worst city government in America". After being imprisoned for six months on misdemeanor drug charges in 1990, Barry did not run for reelection. In 1991, Sharon Pratt Kelly became the first woman to lead the district.
Barry was elected again in 1994, and by the next year the district had become nearly insolvent. In 1995, Congress created the District of Columbia Financial Control Board to oversee all municipal spending and rehabilitate the district government. Mayor Anthony Williams won election in 1998. His administration oversaw a period of greater prosperity, urban renewal, and budget surpluses. The district regained control over its finances in 2001 and the oversight board's operations were suspended.
Williams did not seek reelection in 2006. Councilmember Adrian Fenty defeated Council Chairwoman Linda Cropp in that year's Democratic primary race to succeed Williams as mayor and started his term in 2007. Shortly upon taking office, Fenty won approval from the district council to directly manage and overhaul the district's under-performing public school system. However, Fenty lost a Democratic Party primary to former Council Chair Vincent Gray in August 2010. Mayor Gray won the general election and assumed office in January 2011 with a pledge to bring economic opportunities to more of the district's residents and under-served areas. Gray in turn lost the subsequent Democratic Party primary in 2014 to Councilmember Muriel Bowser, who went on to win the general election and was then reelected in 2018. Two-thirds of the DC residents expect Bowser to run for a third term in 2022.
Currently, the mayor of the District of Columbia is popularly elected to a four-year term with no term limits. Even though District of Columbia is not a state, the district government also has certain state-level responsibilities, making some of the mayor's duties analogous to those of United States governors.
Official residence controversy
The mayor of the District of Columbia has no official residence, although the establishment of one has been proposed several times in the years since the office was established in 1974. In 2000, Mayor Anthony A. Williams appointed, with the District of Columbia Council's approval, a commission to study the possibilities of acquiring property and a building to be used as the official residence of the District of Columbia's mayor. The commission examined several possibilities, including the Old Naval Hospital on Capitol Hill, the warden's house at St. Elizabeth's Hospital, and several former embassies and chanceries before issuing a final report recommending a plan proposed by the Eugene B. Casey Foundation to privately finance the construction of a residence in District of Columbia's Foxhall neighborhood and donate it to the district under the name of The Casey Mansion.
The council approved the plan in 2001. However, residents objected to the plan on the grounds that it aggrandized and insulated the mayor from his constituents; that the location, rather than symbolizing District of Columbia's economic and ethnic diversity, would place the mayor in one of the district's whitest, wealthiest, and most exclusive communities; and, especially, that the Casey Foundation's plan required the acquisition of four acres of national park land to be used as private grounds for the mansion. After several months of delays caused by these political entanglements, the project began movement in October, 2003; that December, however, the Casey Foundation suddenly announced that it was abandoning plans for a mayoral residence and donating the land to the Salvation Army. Plans for an official residence have remained inactive ever since.
Elections
The mayor serves a four-year term and can be re-elected without term limits. Candidates must live and be registered to vote in the District of Columbia for one year prior to the date of the election. Elections take place in the same year as the midterm Congressional elections on election day in November. However, since the electorate of the district is overwhelmingly Democratic (over 80 percent), in practice the mayor is almost always determined in the Democratic primary election, held on the second Tuesday in September.
The mayor is sworn in on January 2 following the election, taking the following oath:
Succession
The chairman of the District of Columbia Council becomes acting mayor when a mayor dies in office, resigns, or is unable to carry out the duties of mayor and if the mayor did not designate an Acting Mayor. The chairman serves until a special election can be held and certified by the District of Columbia Board of Elections and Ethics. At least 114 days must pass between the mayoral vacancy and the special election, which is held on the first Tuesday thereafter. , no such vacancy has ever occurred.
Duties and powers
The mayor has the responsibility to enforce all district law; administer and coordinate district departments, including the appointment of a District Administrator and heads of the departments (subject to confirmation by the council); to set forth policies and agendas to the council, and prepare and submit the district budget at the end of each fiscal year. The mayor has the powers to either approve or veto bills passed by the District of Columbia Council; to submit drafts of legislation to the council; and to propose federal legislation or action directly to the president and/or Congress of the United States. As head of the district's executive branch, the mayor has the power to draft and enact executive orders relative to the departments and officials under their jurisdiction and to reorganize any entities within the executive branch (except in the case of formal disapproval by the council). Additionally, the mayor reserves the right to be heard by the council or any of its committees.
List of mayors
Although the structures and constituencies of the executive branches in the district have varied in its 200-year history, the office of Mayor of the District of Columbia (as opposed to the earlier, separate offices of Mayor of Alexandria, Georgetown, and the City of Washington) has remained in place since its establishment in 1975. There have been seven mayors of the District of Columbia:
See also
Timeline of Washington, D.C.
References
External links
District of Columbia
Mayors of places in the District of Columbia
Washington, D.C., government officials
1973 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Nan-e Shekari () is the name of a type of sweet that is prepared in the city of Kermanshah and is known as one of the souvenirs of this city. This sweet is so called because of the use of sugar to decorate it. The best type of Nan-e Shekari is baked with Kermanshahi oil.
Recipes
Eggs, flour, sugar powder, Kermanshahi oil or butter, brewed saffron, vanilla and cardamom are used to prepare the dough for this sweet. Sugar is also used to decorate sweets, which is why it is called "Nan-e Shekari" which means sugar bread. Confectionery workshops in Kermanshah bake Nan-e Shekari in the oven.
References
Iranian cuisine
Fried foods
The MRT Orange Line () is a rapid transit line of the Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRTA) in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area, Thailand. When fully completed, the MRT Orange line will be 35.9 km long with 29 stations (7 stations will be elevated for 8.9 km and 22 will be underground for 27 km), including an interchange with the current Thailand Cultural Centre Station of MRT Blue Line).
The line is divided into two sections; the 22.5 km Eastern section from Suwinthawong to Thailand Cultural Centre and the 2nd phase, 13.4 km Western section from Thailand Cultural Centre to Bang Khun Non. Construction of the 22.5 km Eastern Section started in June 2017. The line is scheduled to open in March 2024.
By the end of May 2022, construction had progressed to 94.51%.
Western extension tender delayed
On 3 July 2020, the MRTA released the tender for the design and construction of the Western extension. However in late August 2020, the tender submission deadline was subsequently delayed. and the MRTA amended the tender assessment criteria resulting in a lawsuit and an injunction suspending the tender decision. The tender was subsequently cancelled by the MRTA in February 2021 given ongoing litigation by the BTSC. After approval by the Administrative Court given ongoing litigation, a new tender issued in October has a deadline for bids of January 2022.
The Criminal Court - Corruption and Malfeasance Division hearing into the cancelled tender process was conducted in late December 2021 which further delayed the reissued tender timeframe. Subject to court approval, the MRTA planned to review tender bids for a period of 3 months before seeking Cabinet approval for a reissued tender in April or May 2022. The MRTA reissued the new tender on 24 May 2022 with tender packages available for purchase until 10 June. 14 different companies purchased the auction envelopes.
The 141 billion baht western extension consists of 86 billion baht for civil works, 14 billion for land appropriation and 31 billion for systems installation, rolling stock and maintenence. The winning bidder is expected to be announced in August 2022.
Route Alignment
The MRT Orange Line starts at Suwinthawong rd in Min Buri District in Bangkok's eastern suburbs as an elevated line running along Ramkhamhaeng Road. It will interchange with the future MRT Yellow Line at Lam Sali station. It then proceeds underground near Lam Sali intersection in Bang Kapi District, where there will be a transfer to the MRT Yellow Line. It continues southwest along Ramkhamhaeng Road, passing Hua Mak Stadium and Ramkhamhaeng University to Rama IX rd intersection. The line then proceeds west along Rama IX rd and crosses Pradit Manutham Road to the current Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRTA) Headquarters and MRT Blue line depot. Then it routes north to the Thailand Cultural Centre Station to interchange with the MRT Blue Line.
The western section of the MRT Orange Line, runs west from Thailand Cultural Centre Station via Din Daeng housing estates and Bangkok City Hall 2 to Vibhavadi Rangsit Road, Sam Liam Din Daeng Junction. Then turns left into Ratchaprarop Road towards Pratu Nam and turns right into Phetchaburi Road then interchanges with BTS Sukhumvit Line at Ratchathewi Station. It continues along Lan Luang Road and Ratchadamnoen Avenue, then crosses the Chao Phraya River near Phra Pinklao Bridge, passes Siriraj Hospital and goes along Bangkok Noi Rail line and terminates at Bang Khun Non at Charan Sanitwong rd, where it interchanges with the MRT Blue Line.
History
The original plan of the MRT Orange Line aimed to serve travel demand between the northwestern area of Thonburi, at Bang Bamru Railway Station in Bang Phlat District, and the east of Bangkok in Bang Kapi District. It was planned to run along Ramkhamhaeng Road and Ratchawithi Road, passing many public places like Hua Mak Stadium, Dusit Zoo and Victory Monument, and provide access to universities including Ramkhamhaeng University, Suan Sunandha and Suan Dusit Rajabhat University and many government offices.
In 2009, the proposed MRT Brown line from Bang Kapi District, elevated along Ram Khamhaeng Road, to the eastern suburb in Saphan Sung District and Min Buri District, was merged with the Orange Line in Bangkok's mass rapid transit master plan. In July 2011, the section from Bang Khun Non to Taling Chan was finally scrapped in favour of the SRT Light Red Line spur line which duplicates the same route. In 2012, there were further notable changes made to the central and western sections of the Orange Line. The section from Din Daeng District to Bang Bamru was rerouted away from Victory Monument and Ratchawithi road route to further run south to Pratunam and then west along Petchaburi Road and Larn Luang Road. Continuing farther west along Ratchadamnoen Klang Road and Sanam Luang before passing under the Chao Praya river and finally terminating at Bang Khun Non to interchange with the MRT Blue Line extension.
The MRT Orange line Eastern section was originally planned to be tendered by the end of 2013. However, due to protests by residents regarding station footprint and compulsory land acquisition around stations at Pratunam, Ratchaprarop, Pracha Songkhro and Soesim stations the MRTA needed another 12 months to redesign sections of the line. Subsequently, political protests against the Thai government led to the metro transport funding bill lapsing when parliament was dissolved in December 2013. On 9 December 2015, Cabinet finally approved the Orange Line. On 19 April 2016, the Cabinet further approved a budget of 82.9 billion baht for Phase 1 Eastern section to build 17 stations and 22.5 km of rail from the Thailand Cultural Centre to Minburi, of which 12.2 km will be underground and 9 km will be elevated.
Construction Progress
Construction contracts were signed on 9 February 2017 between the MRTA and CKST Joint Venture consortium. Construction finally started in June 2017 with a 1980 day construction period with a scheduled opening in October 2022. Project construction is divided into 4 contracts. The eastern section new planned opening date is March 2024.
As of 31 December 2017, the progress of civil works construction was at 4.66% according to the MRTA. As of July 2018, overall construction progress was 13.57%. As of August 2018, overall construction progress was 16.21%. By 30 September 2018, overall construction had progressed to 18.33%. At the end of March 2019, construction had progressed to 32.12%. At the end of July 2019, civil construction was at 42.27%. At the end of October 2019, construction had progressed to 49.05%. At the end of January 2020, construction had progressed to 54.93%. By the end of May 2020, construction had progressed to 62.42%. At the end of July 2020, construction had progressed to 66.06%. On 5 October 2020, TBM number 2 finished tunneling and reached Ramkhamhaeng 12 station box as part of contract 2. At the end of September 2020, was at 69.82%. At the end of January 2020, construction had progressed to 76.09%. Construction progress was 79.44% complete by the end of March 2021. Construction progress was 81.03% by the end of April 2021. Construction progress was 87.24% by the end of October 2021. Construction progress was 88.46% by the end of November 2021. By the end of March 2022, construction progress was at 92.69%.
By the end of May 2022, construction had progressed to 94.51%.
Construction contracts
Construction is divided into four separate contracts.
Contract 1 is for 6.29 km underground and 4 underground stations from Thai Cultural Centre interchange station to Rankhamhaeng 12 station.
Contract 2 is for 3.44 km underground and 4 underground stations from Ramkhamheang 12 station to Hua Mark station.
Contract 3 is for 4.04 km underground and 3 underground stations from Hua Mark station to Klong Ban Ma station.
Contract 4 is 8.8 km and 7 elevated stations from Klong Ban Ma to Suwinthawong terminus station.
Rolling stock
The tender for operation of the line and purchase of rolling stock has yet to be issued by the MRTA as of May 2022.
Phase 2 Western Extension
The Phase 2 Western extension of the Orange line will run from Thailand Cultural Centre to Bang Khun Non via Pratunam. The 13.4 km western section will run underground with 12 stations.
The Thai Cabinet was expected to approve the 121 billion baht budget for the Western extension in mid 2017 with a tender due for the 2nd half of 2017. However, this decision was delayed until 2018 as Cabinet requested options to be considered for a joint public and private investment proposal. There were further delays into 2019, but the MRTA finalised a joint PPP plan for Cabinet to approve in mid 2019. On 28 January 2020, the Cabinet approved the 142 billion baht extension. It is expected to open in February 2026 and serve 439,000 passengers daily.
On 3 July 2020, the MRTA released the tender for the design, construction and operation of the Western extension as a Public-Private Partnership project on a 30 year lease. The tender deadline was 23 September 2020 with the successful bidder to be announced in early October 2020. The tender specified a construction period of 3 and a half years.
There were 10 tenderers that purchased the request for proposal (RFP) form with two major consortiums that submitted final bids:
Bangkok Expressway and Metro Public Company Limited (BEM) - operator of the MRT Blue Line and MRT Purple Lines.
BSR Consortium, led by Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited (BTSC), and supported by BTS Group Holdings (BTS Group) and Sino-Thai Engineering and Construction (STECON). Owner and future operator of the MRT Pink Line and MRT Yellow Lines which are both under construction.
However, in late August 2020 the tender submission deadline was subsequently delayed by the MRTA. Thereafter, the MRTA amended the tender assessment criteria resulting in a lawsuit being lodged by the BTSC in the Administrative Court on 17 September 2020 with the Court imposing an injunction suspending the tender decision. The tender was subsequently cancelled by the MRTA in February 2021 due to litigation by the BTSC. After approval by the Administrative Court given ongoing litigation, a new tender issued in October has a deadline for bids of January 2022.
The Criminal Court Corruption and Malfeasance division hearings into the cancelled tender process were conducted from 14 to 24 December 2021 and have delayed the reissued tender timeframe. Subject to court approval, the MRTA plans to review tender bids for a period of 3 months before seeking final Cabinet approval of the winning bid in April 2022. However, there are construction budget concerns for the extension as steel prices have increased by 40% since the previous budget was approved. The EIA for the western extension was also updated in December 2021 as Din Daeng station was moved north by 500m, Pracha Songkhro station was moved east by 450m and Yommarat station was redesigned.
The MRTA reissued the new tender auction on 24 May with tender packages available for purchase until 10 June. The 141 billion baht western extension consists of 86 billion baht for civil works, 14 billion for land appropriation and 31 billion for systems installation, rolling stock and maintenence.
Stations
Network Map
See also
Mass Rapid Transit Master Plan in Bangkok Metropolitan Region
MRT (Bangkok)
MRT Blue Line
MRT Brown Line
MRT Grey Line
MRT Light Blue Line
MRT Pink Line
MRT Purple Line
MRT Yellow Line
BTS Skytrain
Sukhumvit Line
Silom Line
Airport Rail Link (Bangkok)
SRT Dark Red Line
SRT Light Red Line
Bangkok BRT
BMA Gold Line
BMA Bang Na-Airport Line
References
External links
"MRT Orange Line Eastern Section"
Airport Rail Link, BTS, MRT & BRT network map
MRTA
Proposed public transport in Thailand
Orange line
2024 in rail transport
Ray Harm (November 9, 1926 – April 9, 2015) was an American artist, best known for his paintings of wildlife, primarily birds. He was also well known for art marketing and is generally credited as the co-creator of the limited edition art print market, which supplanted the traditional method where artists sold original works on an individual basis. Limited edition art prints are now the standard method of marketing paintings and similar works to the general public.
Harm was born Ray Auvil in Randolph County, West Virginia; his father was a concert violinist who also was a woodsman and herbalist. His name was changed to Harm after his parents divorced and his mother remarried to William Harm. He left West Virginia in his mid teens to become a cowboy in the American West, eventually competing on the rodeo circuit and also training horses for the Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus.
His service in the United States Navy during World War II allowed him to take advantage of the GI Bill for continuing education. Harm used the opportunity to enroll in art school and afterwards became a painter. While selling individual paintings, Harm worked in construction and horse training to make ends meet.
In 1961 Harm's work attracted the attention of Wood Hannah, a businessman and art collector from Louisville, Kentucky. The two men came up with the idea of making high-quality art prints of Harm's paintings, which would be issued in limited print runs. The idea was a great success and gave birth to a marketing method for art that has brought commercial and financial success to thousands of artists.
In 1963, he was appointed the first H. L. Donovan Artist-in-residence at the University of Kentucky.
Harm later wrote a weekly nature column for The Louisville Times, and was a popular speaker and lecturer. Harm was a frequent guest on the radio call-in show Metz Here, hosted for many years by Milton Metz on Louisville's WHAS-AM.
In his later life, Harm became a sharp critic of artists who copy their works from photographs by tracing directly over them or projecting an image onto a canvas and then tracing. This practice is now widespread throughout the limited-edition art industry. Harm has prided himself on basing his paintings on his own sketches taken from direct observations of wildlife. On occasion, Harm says he has used museum models of wildlife to get certain details correct, but otherwise his paintings come directly from his own work.
Harm closed production of prints from his major collection in the late 1990s, with 195 pieces in the collection. He continued to do occasional works as fundraisers for various organizations. Harm and his wife, Cathy, eventually left Kentucky and settled on a ranch in Arizona, where he continued to work. His son, Ray Harm Jr. (better known as "Hap"), lives in Kentucky and sells prints from original works by his father that were not a part of the original major collection.
An archive of Harm's signed prints, newspaper clippings, field notes, black and white photographs, exhibition catalogs, gallery announcements and 53 pieces of original correspondence is housed at the Filson Historical Society in Louisville. Harm died in Sonoita, Arizona on April 9, 2015.
Honors
Named as one of the 10 most influential artists of the century by Decor Magazine.
Named Kentucky's Man of the Year in 1964.
Commissioned to paint a family of bald eagles by President John F. Kennedy in 1962.
References
External links
Ray Harm official web site
Byron Crawford, The Courier-Journal: "Renowned bird artist to aid UofL group with sale of prints"
1926 births
2015 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Painters from Kentucky
American bird artists
University of Kentucky faculty
United States Navy personnel of World War II
People from Randolph County, West Virginia
20th-century American male artists
Maurice Richard Robinson Jr. (May 15, 1937 – June 5, 2021) was an American business executive and educator. From 1975 until his death in 2021, Robinson was the chief executive officer of Scholastic Corporation. Robinson was noted for bringing many book franchises to younger readers, such as Harry Potter and Captain Underpants.
Early life
Robinson was born in 1937 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was the oldest of five children of Florence née Liddell and Maurice R. Robinson; he had three sisters and one brother. He was raised in Manhattan. He was educated at Harvard College and later at St Catharine's College, Cambridge, in England, and at Teachers College, Columbia University; he would later become a benefactor of Teachers College.
After graduating, he became a high school English teacher in Evanston, Illinois. In the mid-1960s, he began working as a classroom magazine editor at Scholastic Corporation.
Business career
In 1971, Robinson became a board member of Scholastic, the educational publishing company founded by his father in 1920. He became President of Scholastic in 1974 and CEO a year later. He was elected to the position of chairman of the board in 1982.
Through the first years of his tenure as Scholastic CEO, the company faced financial constraints and had modest success. Under his leadership, the company became an important children's book publisher. It had great success with the Harry Potter series and Captain Underpants, and broke ground with Alex Gino's George. However, it did face controversy, with some viewing Harry Potter as inappropriate for younger readers, the company's main demographic. The New York Times said that Robinson made it possible for the Harry Potter and The Hunger Games novel franchises to become mainstream in the United States.
Robinson oversaw the digitizing of reading materials published by the company, and advocated for company diversity. In 2016, Scholastic and Robinson saw controversy over the publication of a picture story titled A Birthday Cake for George Washington, which showed one of Washington's slaves, the chef Hercules, preparing a cake for him. The book was pulled by Scholastic after widespread criticism of the book's failure to convey the realities of slavery.
In describing his goal for Scholastic's publications to be informed by the changing culture, Robinson said, "We are dealing with issues like global warming, racial inequality, in a way that doesn't polarize the issue but gives points of views on both sides and is a balanced neutral position, but not in a sense of being bland".
Personal life
In 1968, Robinson married Katherine Woodroofe, a magazine editor at Scholastic. They later divorced. Robinson was married to Helen V. Benham, who founded the Early Childhood Division at Scholastic, from 1986 until 2003. They had two sons. He lived in New York City and owned a condo in Greenwich Village until 2016. Robinson said that James Joyce's A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man was an inspiration for his tenure as Scholastic CEO.
He died on June 5, 2021, while on vacation with his family on Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts, aged 84. The cause was said to be either a stroke or a heart attack.
Awards and honors
Robinson received an honorary National Book Award. PEN America noted him for his contributions to free expression in literature and publishing. The 2021 film Clifford the Big Red Dog was dedicated to his memory.
References
External links
Profile: Richard Robinson at Wallmine
Interview with Dick Robinson at Bamboo Innovator
1937 births
2021 deaths
American chief executives
American high school teachers
Businesspeople from Pittsburgh
Businesspeople from New York City
Harvard College alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
Leopardstown Valley () is a stop on the Luas light-rail tram system in Dún Laoghaire - Rathdown, south of Dublin, Ireland. It opened in 2010 as a stop on the extension of the Green Line south from Sandyford to Brides Glen. The stop provides access to the nearby residential area of Leopardstown and its eponymous shopping centre.
Service
The stop is located at the side of Ballyogan Road, in the middle of a 2 km stretch of reserved track which runs alongside the road.
References
Luas Green Line stops in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown
Railway stations opened in 2010
2010 establishments in Ireland
Ben Jukich (born October 17, 1982) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played for the LG Twins of the Korea Baseball Organization (KBO).
Early years
Jukich was born on October 17, 1982 in Duluth, MN. He played college baseball at both McCook Community College and Dakota Wesleyan. He was the first Dakota Wesleyan graduate to be selected in the MLB draft.
Professional career
Jukich was originally drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the 13th round of the 2006 MLB Draft. During the 2006 season, Jukich went 3–2 with a 2.52 ERA in 16 games pitching primarily for the Vancouver Canadians. In 2007, Jukich was sent to the Cincinnati Reds to complete an earlier trade. He pitched in the Reds' organization until 2010 eventually reaching AAA. In 2010, he compiled a 7–4 record with an earned run average of 3.90. On December 12, 2009, Jukich was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals in the Rule 5 Draft, though he was eventually returned to the Louisville Bats. In the fall of 2010, while Jukich was pitching for Los Leones del Caracas in Venezuela, he was informed that the Reds had sold his contract to LG Twins of the Korea Professional Baseball league.
Jukich played three seasons with the Twins. Overall, he posted record of 25-22 with an ERA of 4.00.
See also
Rule 5 draft results
References
External links
Career statistics and player information from Korea Baseball Organization
1982 births
Living people
Águilas Cibaeñas players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in South Korea
Baseball players from Minnesota
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Dakota Wesleyan Tigers baseball players
Kane County Cougars players
KBO League pitchers
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
LG Twins players
Louisville Bats players
Sarasota Reds players
Sportspeople from Duluth, Minnesota
Stockton Ports players
Vancouver Canadians players
Karacaahmet, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Sakashimagawa Bosai Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control. The catchment area of the dam is 4 km2. The dam impounds about 11 ha of land when full and can store 698 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1960 and completed in 1963.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Road Salt Pond, also known as Road Bay Pond or simply Road Pond, is a wetland in Anguilla, a British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean Sea. It is one of the territory's Important Bird Areas (IBAs).
Description
Road Salt Pond is a circular, 43 ha lagoons. It is the largest enclosed body of water on the island. It lies in the Sandy Ground district near the north-west coast of the main island. The dunes separating it from the sea at Road Bay on its western side have been flattened and built upon. It is bordered on the north and south by low hills supporting low dry forest and scrub as well as residential housing.
Birds
The IBA was identified as such by BirdLife International because it is a breeding site for least terns (with up to 123 birds recorded), as well as supporting populations of the Caribbean elaenias, pearly-eyed thrashers and Lesser Antillean bullfinches.
History
The pond has a long history of being used to produce salt, and the remains of saltworks infrastructure are visible around its edge. More recently, parts of the pond have been reclaimed for road construction and parking space.
References
Important Bird Areas of Anguilla
Wetlands of Anguilla
Seabird colonies
Lagoons of Anguilla
Offenbach am Main Hauptbahnhof is a railway station serving the German city of Offenbach am Main. It is located on the Frankfurt–Bebra railway/South Main line between Frankfurt and Hanau on the south bank of the Main. It is also the starting point of the Rodgau Railway, via Obertshausen, Rodgau and Ober-Roden to Dieburg (originally to Reinheim).
History
The station was built from 1872 to 1873 during the construction of the Frankfurt–Bebra railway and was given an entrance building in Renaissance Revival style. It was commissioned by the Königliche Eisenbahndirektion (Royal Railway Division) of Frankfurt. Because of the development of the city around the line which was originally laid on the same level as the roads, the railway was put on an embankment between 1912 and 1926 so that the increasing road traffic could run under it. This forced the rail track field to be elevated. A new station building was out of the question because of the depressed economic conditions. The entrance building was radically restructured in the 1920s with a "conservative-traditionalist” appearance. The entrance building is listed as a monument under the Hessian Monument Protection Act. There is a fountain by Bruno Schaefer called Vogelbrunnen ("bird fountain") on the platform between tracks 1 and 2.
Significance
The station was temporarily connected to Deutsche Bahn's Intercity-Express network in May 1996, but it now has few long-distance services. It has up to two Intercity services each day. Otherwise there are only regional services to destinations in Hesse and Bavaria.
Even before that Offenbach Hauptbahnhof had been greatly reduced in its importance, because a line of the Rhine-Main S-Bahn had been built through Offenbach. This runs in a tunnel under central Offenbach and bypasses the Hauptbahnhof. On its western side it partly uses the route of the former Frankfurt-Offenbach Local Railway (Frankfurt-Offenbach Lokalbahn).
After Deutsche Bahn had stopped investing in the station building for some time, the ticket office was closed in January 2011, so that Offenbach Hauptbahnhof no longer has any rail staff.
The city of Offenbach has proposed that Offenbach (Main) Ost station be declared the Hauptbahnhof because of its better transport connections. This would further reduce the significance of the current Hauptbahnhof.
Services
IC connections
Frankfurt (Main) Hbf – Offenbach (Main) Hbf – Hanau Hbf – Fulda – Bebra
Dresden Hbf – Leipzig Hbf – Halle (Saale) Hbf – Weimar – Erfurt Hbf – Fulda – Hanau Hbf – Offenbach (Main) Hbf – Frankfurt (Main) Hbf*
(*) Only in the direction shown
Regional connections
RE 50: Fulda – Wächtersbach – Gelnhausen – Hanau Hbf – Offenbach (Main) Hbf – Frankfurt (Main) Hbf
RB 51: Wächtersbach – Gelnhausen – Langenselbold – Hanau Hbf – Offenbach (Main) Hbf – Frankfurt (Main) Hbf
RE 55: (Bamberg Hbf – Würzburg Hbf – Aschaffenburg Hbf –) Hanau Hbf – Offenbach (Main) Hbf – Frankfurt (Main) Hbf
RE 85: (Erbach (Odenw) –) Groß-Umstadt Wiebelsbach – Babenhausen (Hess) – Seligenstadt (Hess) – Hanau Hbf – Offenbach (Main) Hbf – Frankfurt (Main) Hbf
Notes
References
External links
Hauptbahnhof
Buildings and structures in Offenbach am Main
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1873
On July 27, 2007, two AS-350 AStar helicopters from television stations KNXV-TV and KTVK collided in mid-air over Phoenix, Arizona, while covering a police pursuit. On board the two aircraft were four people in total – pilot Craig Smith and photographer Rick Krolak from KNXV-TV, and pilot Scott Bowerbank and photographer Jim Cox from KTVK – all of whom were killed, while no casualties were reported on the ground.
Accident
KNXV was the area's ABC affiliate, while KTVK was an independent news station, formerly an ABC affiliate itself; both stations had switched their affiliations after longtime CBS affiliate KSAZ-TV affiliated with Fox in December 1994. The two helicopters were broadcasting a police pursuit live when the collision occurred, at 12:46:18 p.m. MST. Both aircraft came down in the Steele Indian School Park, central Phoenix.
Three other news helicopters from some of the city's other stations (KSAZ, KPNX, and KPHO) were in the area and within seconds began reporting on the crash. A photograph taken moments after the collision and showing both helicopters plunging towards the ground was circulated by AP.
Aftermath and investigation
The collision was investigated by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), which concluded that "...the probable cause of this accident was both pilots' failure to see and avoid the other helicopter. Contributing to this failure was the pilots' responsibility to perform reporting and visual tracking duties to support their station's electronic news gathering (ENG) operation. Contributing to the accident was the lack of formal procedures for Phoenix-area ENG pilots to follow regarding the conduct of these operations."
The day of the accident, Phoenix Police Chief Jack Harris brought up the possibility that the suspect in the chase the two helicopters were covering could "be held responsible for any of the deaths from this tragedy". However, in 2010, when the suspect pleaded guilty to 35 crimes stemming from the 2007 police chase, he was not charged with the deaths of the helicopter occupants.
Two years after the accident, the families of pilot Scott Bowerbank and photographer Jim Cox announced that a settlement for an undisclosed amount was agreed to with US Helicopters, the owners of the Channel 15 helicopter. Both legal teams released a video reconstructing details of the accident. The computer generated footage simulates the Channel 3 (KTVK) helicopter being struck from behind by the Channel 15 (KNXV) helicopter.
Legacy
At the time of the accident, five news helicopters were covering the police incident and specific protocols (called Sharp Echo) for radio communications between news helicopters and Phoenix control tower were already in force in an attempt to coordinate their activity.
As of 2022, the five English-language television stations in Phoenix use one helicopter; which are shared by KTVK, KPHO, KNXV, KSAZ, and KPNX. In neither operation do pilots perform reporting duties. Additionally, technological improvements such as long-range camera lenses allow helicopters to stay farther back from news stories.
See also
List of news aircraft accidents and incidents
References
External links
Picture of N215TV at airport-data.com
Picture of N613TV at airport-data.com
2007 in Arizona
2000s in Phoenix, Arizona
Accidents and incidents involving the Eurocopter AS350
History of mass media in the United States
Aviation accidents and incidents in Arizona
Aviation accidents and incidents in the United States in 2007
Aviation accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
Mid-air collisions
Mid-air collisions involving helicopters
History of law enforcement in the United States
July 2007 events in the United States
Miguel Pérez (born 22 May 1967) is a Spanish water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1967 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Barcelona
"4 Mots sur un piano" is a 2007 song recorded by French singers Patrick Fiori, Jean-Jacques Goldman, who also had written the lyrics, and Christine Ricol. It was released as the second single - after "Toutes les peines" - from Fiori's album Si on chantait plus fort on July 20, 2007. The single was very successful, particularly in France where it topped the chart.
Background, lyrics and music video
Fiori explained in an interview: "One day in Corsica, when I went to Bastia, Jean-Jacques Goldman asked me if I would possibly agree to sing with him. Then, in the Restonica, we met a young girl absolutely unknown named Christine, and the idea of a trio became imperative." He also noted that the song is sad.
The song was produced by Patrick Fiori. It is also available on Fiori's best of, 4 Mots, and on many French compilations, such as NRJ Back 2 School 2, NRJ Music Awards 2008 and Hit Connection - Best Of 2007.
Composed by Jean-Jacques Goldman, the song is a ballad that deals with the theme of a romantic relationship between two men and one woman. This relationship, initially accepted by all three people, is challenged by the two men who ask the woman to choose between them. She prefers to not choose because she loves both and finally leaves them.
The music video takes place in a room in which, at first, the three people move in (these people are not the singers, but actors). They get along well, sharing all the happy moments. However, throughout the video, an uneasiness settles upon them as a result of this relationship that becomes exclusive and finally, they argue violently. In the end, the room is completely empty.
Charts performances
In France, the single went straight to number 5 on July 28, 2007 and jumped to number one two weeks later, with about 17,000 copies sold that week. It stayed there for two consecutive weeks. After that, it dropped slowly and managed to total 17 weeks in the top ten, 24 weeks in the top 50 and 32 weeks in the top 100. Certified Silver disc three months after its release by the SNEP for about 175,000 sales, it was the fifth best-selling single of 2007 in France (163,179 were sold in 2007). It was the second number-one single for Patrick Fiori (after "Belle" in 1998), and also for Jean-Jacques Goldman (after "Je te donne" in 1986).
In Belgium (Wallonia), the single was charted for 19 weeks in the top 40, from September 8, 2007. After a debut at the bottom of the chart, it reached its peak position of number seven in its eighth week. The single was ranked 60th on the 2007 Belgian year-end chart.
In Switzerland, the single started at number 67 on the Swiss Singles Chart on August 26, and peaked at number 40 two weeks later. It fell off the chart after 15 weeks.
Track listings
CD single
Digital download
Charts
Peak positions
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2007 singles
Jean-Jacques Goldman songs
2000s ballads
SNEP Top Singles number-one singles
Patrick Fiori songs
Pop ballads
Songs written by Jean-Jacques Goldman
2007 songs
RCA Records singles
The Kalyan Minaret (Persian/Tajik: Minâra-i Kalân, Kalon Minor, Kalon Minaret) is a minaret of the Po-i-Kalyan mosque complex in Bukhara, Uzbekistan and one of the most prominent landmarks in the city.
The minaret, designed by Bako, was built on an earlier existing structure called Kalyan by the Qarakhanid ruler Mohammad Arslan Khan in 1127 to summon Muslims to prayer five times a day. An earlier tower was collapsed before starting this structure which was called Kalyan, meaning welfare, indicating a Buddhist or zoroasterian past.
It is made in the form of a circular-pillar baked brick tower, narrowing upwards. It is 45.6 metres (149.61 ft) high (48 metres including the point), of 9 metres (29.53 ft) diameter at the bottom and 6 metres (19.69 ft) overhead.
There is a brick spiral staircase that twists up inside around the pillar to the rotunda. The tower base has narrow ornamental strings belted across it made of bricks which are placed in both straight or diagonal fashion. The frieze is covered with a blue glaze with inscriptions.
In times of war, warriors used the minaret as a watchtower to lookout for enemies.
About a hundred years after its construction, the tower so impressed Genghis Khan that he ordered it to be spared when all around was destroyed by his men. It is also known as the Tower of Death, because until as recently as the early twentieth century criminals were executed by being thrown from the top. Fitzroy Maclean, who made a surreptitious visit to the city in 1938, says in his memoir Eastern Approaches, "For centuries before 1870, and again in the troubled years between 1917 and 1920, men were cast down to their death from the delicately ornamented gallery which crowns it."
History
According to some historical sources, before the construction of the Kalyan Minaret in its place was another minaret, a smaller one, which later fell, and in its place it was decided to build the current one.
The minaret was built in 1127 (XII century), when Bukhara was part of the Karakhanid state. The initiator of the construction was the ruler from the Karakhanid dynasty - , who was known for his urban development. His name as the initiator of the construction is carved on one of the belts of the minaret. The architect of the minaret was , who was later buried 45 meters from the minaret itself. In the will of the architect it was said that the minaret, if it falls, fell on his head, and bequeathed him to bury it in the place indicated by him. According to legend, the master builder, who laid the foundation of the minaret from alabaster and camel milk, disappeared, but returned only two years later, when the foundation became durable, and proceeded to the brickwork.
At one time, the minaret performed several functions. It was simultaneously an observation tower, also had a religious function, in particular, it was used for adhan (calling Muslims for prayer) to the , which is located next to the minaret. It was also used to call the population in the nearest area to read decrees of rulers and other occasions.
In 1924, a small part of the wall and the minaret's muqarnases were restored. In 1960, by the founding by Ochil Bobomurodov, the underground part of the minaret was repaired and reinforced, where the foundation and the foundation of the minaret are located. In 1997, to the 2500th anniversary of Bukhara, the minaret was thoroughly reconstructed and restored by the best masters. In subsequent years, the minaret also carried out small restoration works.
Gallery
References
Buildings and structures in Bukhara
Towers in Uzbekistan
Towers completed in the 12th century
Buildings and structures completed in 1127
History of Bukhara
Minarets
Companiganj is the name of two Upazilas in Bangladesh:
Companiganj Upazila, Noakhali
Companiganj Upazila, Sylhet
Distortodon is an extinct genus of Polyglyphanodontid lizard from the Late Cretaceous of Europe, containing the species D. rhomboideus found in the Csehbánya Formation from the Santonian of Hungary. It is distinguished from other Polyglyphanodontids by having a more distal lingual cusp, creating a distinctive rhomboidal shape in occlusal view.
References
Prehistoric reptile genera
Santonian life
Late Cretaceous lepidosaurs of Europe
Fossils of Hungary
Fossil taxa described in 2013
The 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship Final was a football match that took place on 30 June 2015 at the Eden Arena in Prague, Czech Republic, and determined the winner of the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship. Sweden won their first title defeating Portugal 4–3 in the penalty shoot-out, after a goalless draw.
Route to the final
Match details
References
Final
UEFA European Under-21 Championship finals
Sweden national under-21 football team
Portugal national under-21 football team
European Under-21 Championship Final 2015
Sports competitions in Prague
2010s in Prague
Portugal–Sweden relations
June 2015 sports events in Europe
Malkoch Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 1299 m in the southeast part of Petvar Heights, southeast Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and overlooking Carey Glacier to the west and Rutford Ice Stream to the east.
The peak is named after the village of Malkoch in Bulgaria.
Location
Malkoch Peak is located at , which is 5.83 km east-northeast of Fruzhin Peak, 8.94 km southeast of Miller Peak, 2.52 km south of Ruset Peak and 8.57 km north of Mountainview Ridge. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Notes
External links
Malkoch Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD) scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Alacadağ is a village in the District of Finike, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Finike District
Emma Dench (born 1963) is an English ancient historian, classicist, and academic administrator. She has been McLean Professor of Ancient and Modern History at Harvard University since 2014, and Dean of its Graduate School of Arts and Sciences since 2018. Her previous positions include Professor of Ancient History at Birkbeck College, University of London and Professor of Classics and of History at Harvard.
Early life and education
Dench was born in 1963 in York, Yorkshire, England, and grew up near Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire. Her father was Jeffery Dench, a Shakespearean actor, and her mother, Betty, was a speech therapist. Her paternal aunt is Judi Dench, an award-winning film actress. Emma appeared in the 1968 film version of A Midsummer Night's Dream as Peaseblossom alongside her aunt, who played Titania.
Dench studied classics at Wadham College, Oxford: she achieved a first in Honour Moderations in 1984, and graduated from the University of Oxford with a double first class Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in 1987. As per tradition, her BA was promoted to a Master of Arts (MA (Oxon)) degree in 1989. She then undertook postgraduate research in ancient history at St Hugh's College, Oxford. She held the Craven Fellowship at Oxford from 1989 to 1991, and was Rome Scholar at the British School at Rome from 1991 to 1992. She completed her Doctor of Philosophy (DPhil) degree in 1993; her thesis was titled Peoples of the central Appennines in Roman ideology to c.80 B.C..
Academic career
Dench began her academic career with just an undergraduate degree. From 1987 to 1988, between graduating with her bachelor's degree and starting her doctorate, she taught classics at Hobart and William Smith Colleges in New York, United States.
In 1992, Dench joined the faculty of Birkbeck College, University of London. She was a lecturer in ancient history between 1992 and 1998, and then, having been promoted, was a senior lecturer between 1998 and 2004. In 2002/2003 academic year, she was a member of the School of Historical Studies at the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, New Jersey. She was appointed a Reader in 2004, and Professor of Ancient History in 2005. In the 2005/2006 academic year, she was a visiting professor of the classics and of history at Harvard University. From 2007 to 2009, she maintained a link with Birkbeck as a research professor.
On 1 January 2007, Dench moved to the United States to join the faculty of Harvard University. From 2007 to 2015, she was Professor of Classics and of History. She was also a Harvard College Professor between 2010 and 2015; it is a title of honour awarded for "outstanding contributions to undergraduate teaching, mentoring and advising". For the 2015/2016 academic year, she is a visiting professor of business administration at Harvard Business School. In November 2015, she was appointed McLean Professor of Ancient and Modern History. She also served as Interim Dean of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences for the 2017/2018 academic year. Having been selected to succeed the former dean Xiao-Li Meng full-time, she took up the appointment as Dean of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences on 1 July 2018.
Dench holds a number of appointments outside of her university faculty positions. She is a senior fellow of the Center for Hellenic Studies in Washington, D.C. She held a Loeb Classical Library Foundation Fellowship between 2011 and 2012. From 2013 to 2015, she was a member of the Program Committee of the American Philological Association. She delivered the Grey Lectures, titled "Agreeing to differ: consensus, culture and politics in the Roman empire", at the University of Cambridge in May 2016.
Personal life
Dench is a British citizen and a permanent resident of the United States.
Dench is married to Jonathan Bowker, an artist. Together they have a son, Jacob.
Selected works
References
External Links
Emma Dench on Harvard History Department Page
Emma Dench on Personal Profile at Harvard
Living people
British classical scholars
Women classical scholars
Scholars of Roman history
Academics of Birkbeck, University of London
Harvard University faculty
People from York
Alumni of Wadham College, Oxford
Alumni of St Hugh's College, Oxford
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
British expatriate academics in the United States
Date of birth missing (living people)
1963 births
Beth Israel Synagogue () is a synagogue located at 50 North 6th Street in Hamilton, Ohio. It was founded in 1901 as an Orthodox alternative to Hamilton's existing Reform synagogue, and completed its current building in 1931. It moved to the Conservative movement, and became egalitarian in the 1980s. Eric R. Slaton became rabbi in 1999.
Early history
Beth Israel Synagogue () was organized by eight families in 1901 as an Orthodox alternative to Hamilton's existing synagogue, a Reform congregation on High Street that was founded in the 1880s. The founding members were Yiddish-speaking immigrants, more traditional than Hamilton's existing English speaking Jewish community of around 250 families. The new congregation initially worshiped in members' homes, and then a converted warehouse on Hamilton's East Side, at the corner of Fifth and Charles streets. In its early years was served by a series of temporary rabbis, who often also served as ritual slaughterers. It obtained a charter from the State of Ohio as Bais Israel in 1911.
By 1919, under the leadership of Rabbi J.H. Goodman, the congregation comprised 42 member families. Services were held in Hebrew, and the congregation's religious school had 45 students and held classes daily. The Ladies Auxiliary was formed in 1923, and purchased land at Sixth and Butler in 1929. The congregation sold its existing building, and began worshiping at a temporary location on Main Street. That year the rabbi was Gabriel Zacuto.
The current synagogue building at 50 North 6th Street was completed in 1931. It consisted of a main sanctuary, capable of seating over 200, a social hall and a kitchen. At the time the congregation had 60 member families. Visiting Zionist leaders used the new social hall to raise money for the creation of the State of Israel.
The Great Depression caused the congregation significant financial distress. Zacuto's salary was cut in half, to $25 (today $) per week, and his contract was concelled. He left in 1933, and was replaced by Bernard Kalchman. The congregation opened a religious school in 1939.
Post World War II
Kalchman left in 1946, and was succeeded the following year by Murray Garson. Garson initiated late Friday night services, but left the following year, and was replaced by Joseph Krickstein, who served until his retirement in the 1960s. He was followed by Rabbis Dworkin, Max Newman, Portnoy and Seth Phillips. Phillips was followed by Mark Warshofsky.
An addition to the synagogue building, started in 1960 and completed in 1961, included offices and classrooms. In 1964, a chapel/multi-purpose room was added. The synagogue eventually moved away from Orthodox Judaism, and joined the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.
In 1984 the congregation voted to count women in the minyan. That year Bruce Adler joined as rabbi; he had previously served for one year as rabbi of Temple Beth Israel of Niagara Falls, New York, following his ordination at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College. In 1985, Beth Israel elected its first woman president and voted to call women to the Torah.
Adler left in 1997, and Eric R. Slaton joined as rabbi in 1999. He had previously served for eleven years as rabbi of Lexington, Kentucky's Ohavay Zion Synagogue.
In 2011, the congregation celebrated its 100th anniversary. Activities included extracting a time capsule filled with documents and artifacts buried in the cornerstone of the synagogue building, and replacing it with copies of the existing material and new artifacts.
Notes
1901 establishments in Ohio
1931 establishments in Ohio
Buildings and structures in Hamilton, Ohio
Conservative synagogues in Ohio
Jewish organizations established in 1901
Synagogues completed in 1931
Akbar Eftekhari (7 December 1943 – 9 November 2017) was an Iranian football midfielder who played for Iran. He also played for Taj SC and Persepolis.
References
1943 births
2017 deaths
Sportspeople from Khuzestan province
Iran international footballers
Iranian footballers
Persepolis F.C. players
Esteghlal F.C. players
Asian Games silver medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1966 Asian Games
1968 AFC Asian Cup players
AFC Asian Cup-winning players
Association football forwards
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Max von Schenckendorff (24 February 1875 – 6 July 1943) was a general in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II. He was the commander of Army Group Rear Area behind Army Group Centre from March 1941 until his death. He is best known for organising the Mogilev conference, in which Wehrmacht and SS officers discussed "bandit fighting" tactics, meaning the mass murder of Jews and other real or perceived enemies. The conference resulted in an intensification of the genocide that was already taking place in Army Group Centre Rear Area.
Security operations in occupied Soviet Union
The Wehrmacht's aggressive rear security doctrine, and the use of the "security threat" to disguise genocidal policies, resulted in close cooperation between the army and the security apparatus behind the front lines during Operation Barbarossa, the 1941 German invasion of the Soviet Union. Schenckendorff organised a three-day field conference in Mogilev to create an "exchange of experiences" for the Wehrmacht rear unit commanders. Participating officers were selected on the basis of their "achievements and experiences" in security operations already undertaken; participants included representatives of the Army High Command and Army Group Centre.
The conference began on 24 September and focused on "combating partisans" (Bekämpfung von Partisanen) and reflected Schenckendorff's views on the need for total eradication of the resistance to German occupation as the only way to secure territory behind the armies. Talks presented included: the evaluation of Soviet "bandit" organisations and tactics, why it was necessary to kill political commissars immediately upon capture, and gaining intelligence from local collaborators. The speakers included: Arthur Nebe, commander of Einsatzgruppe B; Higher SS and Police Leader Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski; Max Montua, commander of Police Regiment Center; Hermann Fegelein, commander of the SS Cavalry Brigade; and Gustav Lombard, commander of the 1st SS Cavalry Regiment. Nebe's talk focused on the role of the SD in the common fight against "partisans" and "plunderers". He also covered the "Jewish question", with particular consideration to the anti-partisan movement.
The conference included three field exercises. On the second day, participants travelled to the settlement of Knyazhichi (German: Knjaschitschi). According to the after-action report, "suspicious strangers" (Ortsfremde), that is "partisans", could not be found but the screening of the population revealed fifty-one Jewish civilians, of whom thirty-two were shot. A 16-page executive summary of the conference was distributed to the Wehrmacht troops and police units in the rear area. The conference, while ostensibly an "anti-partisan training", resulted in a dramatic increase in atrocities against Jews and other civilians in the last three months of 1941.
Schenckendorff died on 6 July 1943 during a vacation in Karpacz in the Giant Mountains of a heart attack.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1875 births
1943 deaths
Generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Generals of Infantry (Wehrmacht)
Reichswehr personnel
The 21 Division is a division of the Sri Lanka Army. Established on 4 April 1988, the division is currently based in Anuradhapura in the North Central Province. The division is a part of Security Forces Headquarters – Wanni and has three brigades and seven battalions. Brigadier H. R. K. P. Peiris has been commander of the division since 11 January 2013. The division is responsible for of territory.
Organisation
The division is currently organised as follows:
211 Brigades
22nd Battalion, Gajaba Regiment (based in Pampeimadu, Northern Province)
2nd Volunteer Battalion, Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment
4th Volunteer Battalion, Sri Lanka Army Women's Corps (based in Medawachchiya, North Central Province)
212 Brigades
7th Volunteer Battalion, Sri Lanka Armoured Corps
9th Volunteer Battalion, Corps of Engineer Services
2nd Volunteer Battalion, Sri Lanka Army Women's Corps (based in Anuradhapura, North Central Province)
213 Brigades
24th Volunteer Battalion, Sri Lanka Light Infantry
25th Battalion, Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment
References
1988 establishments in Sri Lanka
Military units and formations established in 1988
Organisations based in North Central Province, Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Army divisions
Operation Gateway is an ongoing Australian Defence Force (ADF) regional security and stability operation in South East Asia.
History
Commencing in 1980, the operation formed part of Australia's contribution to Western surveillance operations during the Cold War. It included the use of P-3 Orion maritime patrol aircraft and naval vessels which conducted missions in the Indian Ocean and the Strait of Malacca. Royal Australian Navy submarines were also involved, conducting patrols as part of US "deterrence and surveillance operations against Soviet submarines". Meanwhile, the Australian Army maintained Rifle Company Butterworth at Butterworth airbase in Malaysia in order to protect allied aircraft involved in the operation.
According to Brewster, during the 1980s the primary focus of Royal Australian Air Force aircraft involved in the operation was on detecting Soviet submarines transiting the Strait of Malacca, after which they would hand over to the US Navy. In response to Australian security concerns following the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan a detachment of up to three Orions from No. 92 Wing RAAF were deployed to Butterworth in Malaysia and began operations in February 1981. Initially the patrols involved the regular monitoring of Soviet ship and submarine movements in the region; however, the following year they began a "more aggressive prosecution phase" the following year which involved the use of radar and sonar buoys to actively detect, identify and track submarines. These patrols ended in 1989.
Since the end of the Cold War the Orions have continued to participate in maritime security operations under the Five Power Defence Arrangements, conducting patrols over the Indian Ocean, Strait of Malacca and South China Sea. As part of this operation RAAF aircraft are involved in search and rescue and counter-piracy missions, at times flying as far afield as Sri Lanka and the Philippines. They have reportedly also been involved in freedom of navigation flights. Australian aircraft reportedly deploy to Butterworth between four and eight times a year, and conduct regular flights over the period of a fortnight.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Operation Gateway – Department of Defence
Recognition of service with Operation Gateway – Defence Honours & Awards Appeal Tribunal
Gateway
Sorcerer is a Swedish epic doom band from Stockholm, which was founded in 1988, disbanded in 1992 and re-formed in 2010.
History
The original 1988 band consisted of bassist Johnny Hagel, drummer Tommy Karlsson and guitarist Peter Furulid. In 1989, singer Anders Engberg (Lion's Share) and a second guitarist, Mats Liedholm, joined the band. In the same year, the group recorded their first demo Anno 1503, of which 1,500 copies were sold, and the band played two gigs in Stockholm, the first with Count Raven and the second at a festival with other bands, including Entombed, Carnage, Therion and Mezzrow, all of which were playing their first show. In the same year the sampler Rockbox was published, including "Born with Fire". In 1990 Rickard Evensand joined Sorcerer as new drummer. In 1992 Sorcerer recorded their second demo, The Inquisition, which included a demo version of the Rainbow song "Stargazer". Later that year, Hagel left the band to join Tiamat. Shortly thereafter, the band disbanded. According to Hagel, his departure was not the reason for the band's dissolution, but the lack of motivation and lack of time of the remaining band members. In 1995, John Perez of Solitude Aeturnus released both demos as a compilation on his label Brainticket Records, Brainticket's first release. Perez and Hail had known each other since the first Sorcerer demo.
In 2010, Oliver Weinsheimer offered the band a slot at the German Hammer of Doom Festival. Sorcerer now consisted of Hagel and Engberg and friends of the two. Kristian Niemann and Ola Englund played electric guitar and Robert Iversen the drums. In 2011, Perez re-released the remastered demos. As a bonus, three previously unreleased songs, "Wisdom", "Northern Seas" and "At Dawn", were included. The same year, the band played at the Up the Hammers Festival in Athens, and work began on the debut album. In 2012, Englund left the band to join Six Feet Under; Peter Hallgren joined as a replacement. In the following years, the band continued to work on the album, then the recorded material was mixed and mastered by drummer Robert Iversen. The album was mastered by Jens Bogren and released in 2015 under the name In the Shadow of the Inverted Cross on Metal Blade Records. In 2017, the second album, The Crowning of the Fire King, was published via Metal Blade, and was chosen as "album of the month" in the German Rock Hard magazine.
In August 2022, Sorcerer performed their first ever UK show at Bloodstock Festival.
Style
According to Nadine Fiebig in Nuclear Blast Magazine, In the Shadow of the Inverted Cross had parallels to bands like King Diamond, combined with a "haunting voice" and "grave sounding guitars". In the book The Ultimate Hard Rock Guide Vol I - Europe, Sorcerer's music is described as epic doom in the style of Solitude Aeturnus. Janne Stark compared the band with Candlemass and Solitude Aeturnus in his book The Heaviest Encyclopedia of Swedish Hard Rock and Heavy Metal Ever!, but referred to the music as progressive doom metal.
In an interview with Patrick Schmidt from Rock Hard magazine, Johnny Hagel stated that besides Solitude Aeturnus, Candlemass, Saint Vitus and Black Sabbath, traditional heavy metal is one of the band's influences. In the same issue, Boris Kaiser stated, in his review of the album, that there were influences from Solitude Aeturnus and Candlemass. The basis of the songs was classical doom metal, with additional influences from hard rock and heavy metal, referring to Rainbow, as did Veni Domine on the album Fall Babylon Fall; he also mentioned Scandinavian melodic and power metal like Memory Garden and Memento Mori as another reference. Sorcerer would also cite Black Sabbath at the time of Headless Cross. Frank Albrecht of the Deaf Forever magazine describes the music as Epic Doom for Candlemass and Solitude Aeturnus worshippers, but not a dull copy, but emphasizing their own features. Because of the demos, the band had a strong reputation.
Discography
1989: Anno 1503 (demo, self-publication)
1992: The Inquisition (demo, self-publication)
1995: Sorcerer (compilation, Brainticket Records)
2004: Heathens from the North (compilation, Eat Metal Records)
2015: In the Shadow of the Inverted Cross (Album, Metal Blade Records)
2017: The Crowning of the Fire King (Album, Metal Blade Records)
2020: Lamenting of the Innocent (Album, Metal Blade Records)
References
Swedish doom metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1988
Metal Blade Records artists
Mark Davidson (born 15 November 1968) is a Scottish former sprinter and hurdling athlete who specialised in the 400m hurdles. As of 2017, he is the President of his local athletics club, Aberdeen AAC.
Under the stewardship of long-term coach Dr Robert Masson, Davidson set personal best times of 46.9 in the 400m and 50.79 in the 400m H in 1989. He has since competed as a veteran athlete, travelling to the European Masters' Athletics Championships in Budapest in 2014, where he qualified for the final of the 60m.
In 1990, he was part of the Scotland 4 × 400 m relay team who won a silver medal at the Auckland Commonwealth Games in New Zealand. Also featuring David Strang, Tom McKean, and Brian Whittle, the Scottish athletes set a time of 3:04:68s. In the same competition, Davidson represented Scotland in the 4 × 100 m alongside David Clark, Elliot Bunney, and James Henderson. They would go on to finish 6th in the final whilst setting a time of 39.61s. In the individual event of the 400m H, Davidson clocked 52.17s in the semi-final stages.
As of 2017, Davidson still holds a number of AAAC club records, including the 100m, 200m, 400m, and 400m H.
Davidson continues his lifelong commitment to athletics; he is a qualified sprints coach and tutors a number of athletes in the Aberdeen area alongside Dr Masson.
References
Scottish male sprinters
1968 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Scottish male hurdlers
The brown-backed honeybird (Prodotiscus regulus), also known as Wahlberg's honeybird, Wahlberg's honeyguide and sharp-billed honeyguide, is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae. This bird is named after the Swedish naturalist Johan August Wahlberg.
Range
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Cameroon, Central African Republic, DRC, Ivory Coast, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Somalia, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
References
External links
(Sharp-billed Honeyguide =) Brown-backed Honeyguide - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
brown-backed honeybird
brown-backed honeybird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Craignish Castle is located on the Craignish peninsula in Argyll, western Scotland. The present castle includes a 16th-century tower, the seat of the Campbell family of Craignish and Jura. In the 19th century it was sold to the Trench-Gascoigne family of Parlington Hall, Yorkshire, who built a large extension to the tower. In the later 20th century the house was restored, and parts of the 19th-century extension were demolished.
History
The Campbells of Craignish claim descent from Dugald Maul Campbell, first Laird of Craignish (1156–1190), who was the second son of Sir Archibald Gillespic Campbell, ancestor of the Dukes of Argyll. The seventh laird left only one daughter, Christine Campbell (b. 1323). Her weakness and imprudence caused the majority of the estate to be resigned to the Knight of Lochow, who took advantage of her. She was left with only a small portion of the upper part of Craignish under his superiority. The nearest male representative - Ronald Campbell - fought hard to win back his heritage, and the then Chief of Clan Campbell was obliged to allow him possession of a considerable portion of the estate, but retaining the superiority, and inserting a condition in the grant that if there was ever no male heir in the direct line the lands were to revert automatically to the Argyll family.
The present castle was built in the 16th century as a tower house, and measures . It is said to have withstood a siege of six weeks by Colkitto MacDonald.
Ranald MacCallum was made hereditary keeper of Craignish Castle in 1510. In 1544 the direct line ended, and the rightful heir, a collateral relative by the name of Charles Campbell of Corranmore in Craignish had the misfortune to kill Gillies of Glenmore in a brawl. This compelled him to flee to Perthshire where he settled at Lochtayside under the protection of the Breadalbane family. This unfortunate event therefore prevented Charles from claiming the estate, and so it fell into the hands of the Earls (later Dukes) of Argyll. Charles' descendants at Killin, Perthshire were later recognised by the Lord Lyon as Chieftains of the Clan Tearlach branch of Clan Campbell and from them descended the Campbells of Inverneill. A grandson of Duncan Campbell, 8th of Inverneill, in the 1980s owned one of the apartments at Craignish Castle.
The title 'Baron of Craignish' was created for Edmund Kempt Campbell by the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha in 1848, and used by his descendants in Britain, though this was after the sale of Craignish.
In the 19th-century Craignish Castle was purchased by Frederick Trench-Gascoigne and his wife Isabella, heiress of the Gascoigne family of Parlington Hall. Trench-Gascoigne owned in Argyll in the 1880s. In 1837 the tower house was extended by the architect David Bryce, working to designs by William Burn. In 1941 the house was requisitioned for use as a home for children evacuated from Glasgow. In the later 20th century it was restored and divided into privately owned apartments. The castle is a category B listed building.
References
External links
Craignish Castle, Parlington Hall website
Castles in Argyll and Bute
Clan Campbell seats
Category B listed buildings in Argyll and Bute
Listed castles in Scotland
The Jordanian Eastern Command (Arabic:المنطقة العسكرية الشرقية) is the Jordanian Armed Forces regional command responsible for the North - East front against Syria and Iraq.
History
Since major restructuring in 1977, the Royal Jordanian Army has kept the Eastern Command (formerly known as 5th Armoured Division) deployed between the Iraqi border and Ar Ramtha on the Syrian border with some presence in Zarqa. But in 2000, King Abdullah II made a big step to modernize and restructure Jordanian Armed Forces when the Divisions have been transformed into a lighter, more mobile forces, based largely on a brigade structure and considered better capable of rapid reaction in emergencies.
Jordanian forces traditionally maintained a defensive posture along this sector. A number of major roads link Jordan and Syria in this region, crossing undulating terrain with no natural obstacles. The important air base at Mafraq are less than 20 km from the border with Syria and are therefore vulnerable to surprise attack or artillery bombardment. As a result, Jordanian forces traditionally paid particular attention to their defenses in this region. The Sector from Ramtha to the Iraqi border was covered by the Eastern Command (5th Armoured Division).
This command was involved in many conflicts and engagements, including the Six-Day War, the War of Attrition (and its Battle of Karameh) and war against the Syrian army during Black September.
Organisation
The Eastern Command controls regional units from Ar Ramtha and Mafraq to the Iraqi border with some units based in Zarqa. The Head of Eastern command is Brigadier General Mohammed Suleiman Bani Yasin.
Eastern Command HQ
Command Staff
HQ Defense Company
Command Communication Group
Border Guard Force (BGF)
1st Border Guard Force Brigade
Brigade HQ
Signal Company
1st Border Guard Force Battalion
4th Border Guard Force Battalion
5th Border Guard Force Battalion
6th Border Guard Force Battalion
Mechanized Engineer Company
Supply & Transport Company
Brigade Medical Center
Brigade Maintenance Workshop
Combat & Maneuver Units
Martyr Wasfi Al-Tal 2nd Mechanized Infantry Brigade
Brigade HQ
JTAC Team
Signal Company
Habis Al-Majali 4th Mechanized Infantry Battalion
Royal Guard 6th Mechanized Infantry Battalion
Prince Faisal 17th Tank Battalion
1st Field Artillery Battalion (M109A3)
81st Field Air Defense Battalion
Field Reconnaissance Company
Anti-Armor Company
Mechanized Engineer Company
Supply & Transport Company
Medical Support Company
Chemical Support Platoon
Brigade Maintenance Workshop
Martyr King Abdullah I 90th Mechanized Infantry Brigade
Brigade HQ
JTAC Team
Signal Company
Al-Hussien 2nd Mechanized Infantry Battalion
Princess Basma 3rd Mechanized Infantry Battalion
Prince Talal 5th Mechanized Infantry Battalion
12th Field Artillery Battalion (M109A3)
5th Field Air Defense Battalion
Field Reconnaissance Company
Anti-Armor Company
Mechanized Engineer Company
Supply & Transport Company
Medical Support Company
Chemical Support Platoon
Brigade Maintenance Workshop
Combat Support Units
Eastern Command Artillery
Command Artillery HQ
STA Company
41st Mortar Battalion (AGRAB Mk2)
5th Field Air Defense Group
Command Engineer Battalion
Service Support Units
Supply and Transport Battalion
Command Maintenance Group
Medical Support Group
Administrative Transport Group
Command Training Center
Unit summary
References
Military units and formations of Jordan
Military units and formations established in 2000
Dhima is a village in Vav Taluka of Banaskantha district in Gujarat, India.
History
Dhima was lapsed to Vav State in 1870. It was under Palanpur Agency of Bombay Presidency, which in 1925 became the Banas Kantha Agency. After Independence of India in 1947, Bombay Presidency was reorganized in Bombay State. When Gujarat state was formed in 1960 from Bombay State, it fell under tharad Taluka of Banaskantha district of Gujarat.
Place of interest
Dharnidhar temple is a chief place of worship for Hindus of the region since British period. The temple is dedicated to Dhemnag or Sheshnaga, the earth-supporting snake in Hinduism.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Villages in Banaskantha district
H-dropping or aitch-dropping is the deletion of the voiceless glottal fricative or "H-sound", . The phenomenon is common in many dialects of English, and is also found in certain other languages, either as a purely historical development or as a contemporary difference between dialects. Although common in most regions of England and in some other English-speaking countries, and linguistically speaking a neutral evolution in languages, H-dropping is often stigmatized as a sign of careless or uneducated speech.
The reverse phenomenon, H-insertion or H-adding, is found in certain situations, sometimes as an allophone or hypercorrection by H-dropping speakers, and sometimes as a spelling pronunciation or out of perceived etymological correctness. A particular example of this is the spread of 'haitch' for 'aitch'.
In English
Historical /h/-loss
In Old English phonology, the sounds , , and (described respectively as glottal, velar and palatal voiceless fricatives) are taken to be allophones of a single phoneme . The sound appeared at the start of a syllable, either alone or in a cluster with another consonant. The other two sounds were used in the syllable coda ( after back vowels and after front vowels).
The instances of in coda position were lost during the Middle English and Early Modern English periods, although they are still reflected in the spelling of words such as taught (now pronounced like taut) and weight (now pronounced in most accents like wait). Most of the initial clusters involving also disappeared (see H-cluster reductions). As a result, in the standard varieties of Modern English, the only position in which can occur is at the start of a syllable, either alone (as in hat, house, behind, etc.), in the cluster (as in huge), or (for a minority of speakers) in the cluster (as in whine if pronounced differently from wine). The usual realizations of the latter two clusters are and (see English phonology).
Contemporary H-dropping
The phenomenon of H-dropping considered as a feature of contemporary English is the omission, in certain accents and dialects, of this syllable-initial , either alone or in the cluster . (For the cluster and its reduction, see Pronunciation of English ⟨wh⟩.)
Description
H-dropping, in certain accents and dialects of Modern English, causes words like harm, heat, home and behind to be pronounced arm, eat, ome and be-ind (though in some dialects an [h] may appear in behind to prevent hiatus – see below).
Cases of H-dropping occur in all English dialects in the weak forms of function words like he, him, her, his, had, and have. The pronoun it is a product of historical H-dropping – the older hit survives as an emphatic form in a few dialects such as Southern American English, and in the Scots language. Because the of unstressed have is usually dropped, the word is usually pronounced in phrases like should have, would have, and could have. These can be spelled out in informal writing as "should've", "would've", and "could've". Because is also the weak form of the word of, these words are often misspelled as should of, would of and could of.
History
There is evidence of h-dropping in texts from the 13th century and later. It may originally have arisen through contact with the Norman language, where h-dropping also occurred. Puns which rely on the possible omission of the sound can be found in works by William Shakespeare and in other Elizabethan era dramas. It is suggested that the phenomenon probably spread from the middle to the lower orders of society, first taking hold in urban centers. It started to become stigmatized, being seen as a sign of poor education, in the 16th or 17th century.
Geographical distribution
H-dropping occurs (variably) in most of the dialects of the English language in England and Welsh English, including Cockney, West Country English, West Midlands English (including Brummie), East Midlands English, most of northern England (including Yorkshire and Lancashire), and Cardiff English. It is not generally found in Scottish English and Irish English. It is also typically absent in certain regions of England and Wales, including Northumberland, East Anglia and most of North Wales.
H-dropping also occurs in some Jamaican English, and perhaps in other Caribbean English (including some of The Bahamas). It is not generally found in North American English, although it has been reported in Newfoundland (outside the Avalon Peninsula). However, dropping of /h/ from the cluster /hj/ (so that human is pronounced ) is found in some American dialects, as well as in parts of Ireland – see reduction of /hj/.
Social distribution and stigmatization
H-dropping, in the countries and regions in which it is prevalent, occurs mainly in working-class accents. Studies have shown it to be significantly more frequent in lower than in higher social groups. It is not a feature of RP (the prestige accent of England), or even of "Near-RP", a variant of RP that includes some regional features. This does not always apply, however, to the dropping of /h/ in weak forms of words like his and her.
H-dropping in English is widely stigmatized, being perceived as a sign of poor or uneducated speech, and discouraged by schoolteachers. John Wells writes that it seems to be "the single most powerful pronunciation shibboleth in England."
Use and status of the H-sound in H-dropping dialects
In fully H-dropping dialects, that is, in dialects without a phonemic , the sound may still occur but with uses other than distinguishing words. An epenthetic may be used to avoid hiatus, so that for example the egg is pronounced the hegg. It may also be used when any vowel-initial word is emphasized, so that horse (assuming the dialect is also non-rhotic) and ass may be pronounced and in emphatic utterances. That is, has become an allophone of the zero onset in these dialects.
For many H-dropping speakers, however, a phonological appears to be present, even if it is not usually realized – that is, they know which words "should" have an , and have a greater tendency to pronounce an [h] in those words than in other words beginning with a vowel. Insertion of [h] may occur as a means of emphasis, as noted above, and also as a response to the formality of a situation. Sandhi phenomena may also indicate a speaker's awareness of the presence of an – for example, some speakers might say "a edge" (rather than "an edge") for a hedge, and might omit the linking R before an initial vowel resulting from a dropped H.
It is likely that the phonemic system of children in H-dropping areas lacks an /h/ entirely, but that social and educational pressures lead to the incorporation of an (inconsistently realized) /h/ into the system by the time of adulthood.
H-insertion
The opposite of H-dropping, called H-insertion or H-adding, sometimes occurs as a hypercorrection in typically H-dropping accents of English. It is commonly noted in literature from late Victorian times to the early 20th century that some lower-class people consistently drop h in words that should have it, while adding h to words that should not have it. An example from the musical My Fair Lady is, "In 'Artford, 'Ereford, and 'Ampshire, 'urricanes 'ardly hever 'appen". Another is in C. S. Lewis' The Magician's Nephew: "Three cheers for the Hempress of Colney 'Atch". In practice, however, it would appear that h-adding is more of a stylistic prosodic effect, being found on some words receiving particular emphasis, regardless of whether those words are h-initial or vowel-initial in the standard language.
Some English words borrowed from French may begin with the letter but not with the sound . Examples include heir, and, in many regional pronunciations, hour, hono(u)r and honest. In some cases, spelling pronunciation has introduced the sound into such words, as in humble, hotel and (for most speakers) historic. Spelling pronunciation has also added to the British English pronunciation of herb, , while American English retains the older pronunciation . Etymology may also serve as a motivation for H-addition, as in the words horrible, habit and harmony; these were borrowed into Middle English from French without an (orrible, abit, armonie), but all three derive from Latin words with an and would later acquire an in English as an etymological "correction". The name of the letter H itself, "aitch", is subject to H-insertion in some dialects, where it is pronounced "haitch". (In Hiberno-English, "haitch" has come to be considered standard, consistent with its not-an-H-dropping dialects).
List of homophones resulting from H-dropping
The following is a list of some pairs of English words which may become homophones when H-dropping occurs. (To view the list, click "show".) See also the list of H-dropping homophones in Wiktionary.
In other languages
Processes of H-dropping have occurred in various languages at certain times, and in some cases, they remain as distinguishing features between dialects, as in English. Some Dutch dialects, especially the southern ones, feature H-dropping. The dialects of Zeeland, West and East Flanders, most of Antwerp and Flemish Brabant, and the west of North Brabant have lost /h/ as a phonemic consonant but use [h] to avoid hiatus and to signal emphasis, much as in the H-dropping dialects of English. H-dropping is also found in some North Germanic languages, for instance Elfdalian and the dialect of Roslagen, where it is found already in Old East Norse. Also the Low Saxon speaking area around Zwolle, Kampen and Meppel have h-dropping.
The phoneme in Ancient Greek, occurring only at the beginnings of words and originally written with the letter H and later as a rough breathing, was lost in the Ionic dialect. It is also not pronounced in Modern Greek.
The phoneme was lost in Late Latin, the ancestor of the modern Romance languages. Both French and Spanish acquired new initial in medieval times, but they were later lost in both languages in a "second round" of H-dropping. Some dialects of Spanish have yet again acquired from , which as of now is stable.
It is hypothesized in the laryngeal theory that the loss of or similar sounds played a role in the early development of the Indo-European languages.
In Maltese, existed as a phoneme until the 19th century. It was then lost in most positions, sometimes lengthening the adjacent vowel. Chiefly word-finally it was merged with //. The latter phoneme, in turn, may now be pronounced by some speakers, chiefly in the syllable onset.
See also
Phonological history of English
Phonological history of English consonants
Aspirated h
References
Phonology
English phonology
Funaafou or Funa'afou is an artificial island built on the reef in the Lau Lagoon off the northeast coast of Malaita Island. Administratively, it is in the Malaita Province of the Solomon Islands. Funa'afou island, which is near the edge of the Makwanu Passage, has about 200 inhabitants. It is the first artificial Island built in the Lau lagoon. According to history, the people of Baleo tribe are the first descendants of Funafou Islands
References
External links
Funaafou on Solomonislands.com.sb
Islands of the Solomon Islands
The is a limited express train service for commuters on the Chūō Rapid Line operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East). The train operates on weekdays only. All seats are reserved on this train.
Prior to 16 March 2019, this train operated as the Chūō Liner (中央ライナー), which was a limited-stop reserved-seat "Home Liner" service. Since 16 March 2019, the Chūō Liner has been upgraded to limited express status and become known as the Hachiōji.
Service outline
Current services
Morning
Hachiōji 2: Hachiōji to Tokyo
Hachiōji 4: Hachiōji to Tokyo
Evening
Hachiōji 1: Tokyo to Hachiōji
Hachiōji 3: Tokyo to Hachiōji
Hachiōji 5: Tokyo to Hachiōji
Hachiōji 7: Tokyo to Hachiōji
Hachiōji 9: Tokyo to Hachiōji
Hachiōji 11: Tokyo to Hachiōji
As Chūō Liner
Morning
Chūō Liner 2: Hachiōji to Tokyo
Chūō Liner 4: Takao to Tokyo
Evening
Chūō Liner 1: Tokyo to Takao
Chūō Liner 3: Tokyo to Takao
Chūō Liner 5: Tokyo to Takao
Chūō Liner 7: Tokyo to Hachiōji
Chūō Liner 9: Tokyo to Takao
History
JR East announced a new timetable revision which took effect from March 2019 onwards. It announced the discontinuation of the Chūō Liner and the Ōme Liner, which was replaced by two new limited express services, the Hachiōji (はちおうじ) and the Ōme (おうめ) respectively. The Hachiōji operates in a similar pattern as the former Chūō Liner, with two Tokyo-bound trains during the morning rush, and six Hachiōji-bound trains during the evening rush. With this, a new ticketing system is now implemented, in which limited express tickets can be purchased in advance, unlike the Liner tickets which can only be bought on the day of boarding.
Rolling stock
Current rolling stock
E353 series (since March 16, 2019)
Past rolling stock
183 series 9-car EMUs (from March 16, 1991 until March 16, 2008)
E351 series 12-car EMUs (since March 15, 2008 until March 16, 2018)
E257 series 9- or 11-car EMUs (since July 1, 2002 until March 15, 2019)
Formations
Current formation
Hachiōji E353 series
Past formations
Chūō Liner E257 series
Chūō Liner E351 series
See also
Ōme (train), formerly Ōme Liner, a similar limited express service
List of named passenger trains of Japan
References
JR Timetable, March 2008 issue
"2008 年3 月ダイヤ改正について" JR East Hachiōji Branch news release, 20 December 2007
East Japan Railway Company
Named passenger trains of Japan
Railway services introduced in 1991
Somerset Village is a small, unincorporated village in the northwest area of Bermuda, located in Sandys Parish. It lies in the northern half of Somerset Island.
Like Flatts Village and Tucker's Town, the settlement has existed for centuries, though a lack of formal borders and municipal government means its foundation is undated, and when, precisely, the area came to be commonly thought of as a village is not clear.
The village centres on the southern shore of Mangrove Bay, and was once a useful, if minor port. Today, the area includes a bank, a police station, post office, ferry station (on the Great Sound, beside Watford Bridge), library, a number of shops, small hotels, pubs and restaurants, and a boat club. There is also a bus depot as the village is the terminus of a number of bus routes. There is a small beach at the west of the village, and another at nearby (Somerset) Long Bay (there are two other Long Bays in Bermuda) is within walking distance.
The village is conveniently near to the defunct Royal Naval Dockyard on Ireland Island (part of a former naval base that began on the opposite end of Watford Bridge), and is connected to the City of Hamilton, as well as the Dockyard, by regular ferries. The village is the site, each summer, of the Non-Mariners' Race, a humorous non-race by deliberately unseaworthy floats.
Sports
Somerset Cricket Club and its football team Somerset Trojans play at the Somerset Cricket Club Field.
Notable people
Clyde Best MBE (born 1951 in Somerset) is a Bermudian former football player. He was one of the first black players in First Division football in England, scoring 47 goals as a striker for West Ham United.
Geography of Bermuda
Populated places in Bermuda
Ramsar sites in British Overseas Territories
Sandys Parish
Work may refer to:
Work (human activity), intentional activity people perform to support themselves, others, or the community
Manual labour, physical work done by humans
Housework, housework, or homemaking
Working animal, an animal trained by humans to perform tasks
Work (physics), the product of force and displacement
Work (electric field), the work done on a charged particle by an electric field
Work (thermodynamics), energy transferred by the system to its surroundings
Creative work, a manifestation of creative effort
Work of art
Broadcast call signs
WORK (FM), now WRFK (FM), an American radio station in Vermont
WORK-LP, an American low-power TV station in New Hampshire
WOYK, an American AM radio station in Pennsylvania, known as WORK 1932–1973
Music
The Work (band), an English post-punk rock group
Work Group, an American record label
Albums and EPs
Work (EP), a 2015 EP by Marcus Marr and Chet Faker
Work!, a 1986 album by Mulgrew Miller
Work 1989–2002, a 2002 album by Orbital
Work (album), a 2010 album by Shout Out Louds
Songs
"Work" (ASAP Ferg song) (2012)
"Work" (Iggy Azalea song) (2013)
"Work" (Ciara song) (2009)
"Work" (Jars of Clay song) (2006)
"Work" (Jimmy Eat World song) (2004)
"Work" (Rihanna song) (2016)
"Work" (Kelly Rowland song) (2008)
"Work" (The Saturdays song) (2008)
"Work" (The 2 Bears song) (2012)
"Work", a 1980 song by Bob Marley and the Wailers from Uprising
"Work", a 2006 song by Mac Boney from Grand Hustle Presents: In da Streetz Volume 4
"Work", a 1998 song by Gang Starr from Moment of Truth
"Work", a 2018 song by ionnalee from Everyone Afraid to Be Forgotten
"Work", a 2013 single by Jme
"Work", a 2018 song by Little Big Town from Wanderlust
"Work", a 1990 song by Lou Reed and John Cale from Songs for Drella
"Work", a 1956 song by Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins from Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins
Other uses
Work (film), a 1915 silent film starring Charlie Chaplin
Work (painting), by Ford Madox Brown
Work (professional wrestling), a term with several meanings
Work (vehicle), an electric vehicle by StreetScooter
Work: A Story of Experience, an 1873 novel by Louisa May Alcott
Good works or works, a person's actions or deeds in contrast to inner qualities
Slack Technologies's NYSE symbol
Work, a 1978 play by Ron Milner
People with the surname
Jimmy Work (1924–2018), American singer-songwriter
Milton Work (1864–1934), American authority on bridge and whist
See also
Career, an individual's journey through learning, work and other aspects of life
Employment, a relationship between two parties where work is paid for
Karma ('action', 'work' or 'deed'), the spiritual principle of cause and effect
Labour (disambiguation)
Wage labour, the socioeconomic relationship between a worker and an employer
Work ethic, a belief that hard work and diligence have a moral benefit
Work of art (disambiguation)
Work Work (disambiguation)
Working (disambiguation)
Works (disambiguation)
The Works (disambiguation)
Naseem Hameed (; born 1 May 1988) is a Pakistani track and field athlete, who became the fastest woman in South Asia when she won a gold medal in the 100 metres at the 2010 South Asian Games in Dhaka.
Career
Naseem started her career as an athlete from her school. She participated in various sports activities at school and college levels. During her time in college, she was noticed by Army coaches and was allowed to practice in Army grounds near Korangi. She won various local events after this and was then picked by Pakistan Railways as an athlete. Naseem consistent performance earned her a place to represent Pakistan in 2010 SAF Games in Dhaka where she won the Coveted Gold in 100 Meters clocking 11.81 gaining the title of The Fastest Women in South Asia and emerge as the queen of the track.
On February 12, 2010, President of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari appointed Naseem as Ambassador of Sports in recognition of her success at the SAF Games. In July, 2010 Pakistan's leading Mobile operator Mobilink has added Naseem to its panel of brand ambassadors. Bilal Munir Sheikh, Vice President of Mobilink Pakistan said on the ceremony of unveiling the song based on Hameed's struggle and accomplishments and commemorating those who helped her achieve her goals that:
“Mobilink Jazz believes strongly in the bonds we create and the objective of this tribute is to encourage all those who dream to reach out their loved ones for support so they can achieve what they want to, and much more. Naseem is a hero we all needed and we hope that through the Jazz platform she will inspire many more. We are indeed very proud and privileged to have her as our Brand Ambassador.”
Biopic
A telefilm “Bhaag Amina Bhaag” based upon a real and untold life story of Naseem Hameed on-aired on Geo TV. The telefilm was a commendable effort to give tribute to great female Pakistani athlete. The drama was directed by Yasir Nawaz and produced by Sameena Humayun Saeed. The lead role of Naseem Hameed was played by Aamina Sheikh. The film draws out attention to an aspiration message of a girl who wants to live her dreams and aspirations despite the difficult situation she has to go through to get them, a story which is deeply rooted in our society.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Pakistani female sprinters
Sportspeople from Karachi
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
South Asian Games gold medalists for Pakistan
South Asian Games medalists in athletics
MSCP may be an abbreviation for:
Mass Storage Control Protocol, a software protocol developed by Digital Equipment Corporation
Math and Science College Preparatory, a secondary school in Los Angeles, California, USA
Mean Spherical Candle Power, a unit of measure that represents the average output of a light source measured in all directions (360°)
Melbourne School of Continental Philosophy, an independent school based at the University of Melbourne, Australia
Multi-storey car park, a chiefly British abbreviation for an automobile parking structure
Manipur State Congress Party, is former political party in the Indian state of Manipur.
Logan County (formerly Sarber County) is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,353. Its two county seats are Booneville and Paris.
History
The Arkansas General Assembly defined the state's 64th county on March 22, 1871, incorporating part of Scott County. They named it Sarber County for John Newton Sarber (1837–1905), an attorney and Republican state senator from Yell County. He had introduced the resolution to organize the county. Born and reared in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, he had moved with his widowed father and family to Kansas in 1855. Sarber became influential in the Arkansas legislature, introducing bills to establish a public school system for the first time, and what developed as the University of Arkansas. He was appointed as U.S. marshal of the U.S. Western District Court at Fort Smith.
Conservative white Democrats viewed Sarber as a carpetbagger because he was a Union Army veteran who had decided to settle in Arkansas. There he had married Susan Rebecca Rose in 1867. She was the daughter of Moreau Rose, an early pioneer and a Confederate supporter, and his wife. The Sarber couple had six children together; five survived to adulthood.
After white Democrats regained control of the state legislature in 1875, they renamed Sarber County for James Logan (1792-1859), a Kentucky-born early settler in the area who had served in the territorial legislature, from Crawford County, and the first state legislature, from Scott County (part of the latter was absorbed into Logan County).
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which are land and (3.2%) are water. The highest natural point in Arkansas, Magazine Mountain at 2,753 feet (839 m), is located in Logan County.
Major highways
Highway 10
Highway 22
Highway 23
Highway 60
Highway 309
Adjacent counties
Johnson County (north)
Pope County (northeast)
Yell County (southeast)
Scott County (south)
Sebastian County (west)
Franklin County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 21,131 people, 8,417 households, and 5,839 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 22,486 people, 8,693 households, and 6,302 families residing in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 9,942 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.46% White, 1.05% Black or African American, 0.65% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.39% from other races, and 1.28% from two or more races. 1.21% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,693 households, out of which 32.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.70% were married couples living together, 10.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 24.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.90% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 23.90% from 45 to 64, and 16.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 98.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,344, and the median income for a family was $33,732. Males had a median income of $24,472 versus $18,681 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,527. About 11.40% of families and 15.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.20% of those under age 18 and 19.60% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Over the past few election cycles, Logan County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
Booneville (county seat)
Magazine
Paris (county seat)
Ratcliff
Scranton
Towns
Blue Mountain
Caulksville
Morrison Bluff
Subiaco
Census-designated place
New Blaine
Unincorporated communities
Carolan
Prairie View
Townships
Barber
Blue Mountain (Blue Mountain)
Boone (Booneville)
Cane Creek
Cauthron
Clark (Subiaco)
Delaware
Driggs
Ellsworth
Johnson
Logan
Mountain
Petit Jean
Reveilee (Magazine)
River (Morrison Bluff, Scranton)
Roseville
Shoal Creek (CDP New Blaine)
Short Mountain (Paris)
Six Mile (Caulksville, Ratcliff)
Sugar Creek
Tomlinson
Washburn
Notable residents
Katharine Anthony, American biographer
James Bridges, born in Paris, Arkansas, screenwriter and film director
Dizzy Dean, born in Lucas, Arkansas, major league baseball player
Paul Dean, born in Lucas, Arkansas, brother of Dizzy Dean and major league baseball player
Jon Eubanks, Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from Paris, Arkansas; a farmer and Certified Public Accountant
General John P. McConnell, Chief of Staff, USAF
Robert Johnson, lived in Lucas, Arkansas, at the time of the 1920 census. Renowned Bluesman.
See also
List of lakes in Logan County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Arkansas
References
Further reading
DeBlack, Thomas A. With Fire and Sword: Arkansas, 1861–1874. Fayetteville: University of Arkansas Press, 2003.
Hodges, Mary Frances. John Newton Sarber and Sarber County, Arkansas. Bloomington, IN: AuthorHouse, 2009. (self-published)
Moneyhon, Carl H. The Impact of the Civil War and Reconstruction on Arkansas. Baton Rouge: Louisiana University Press, 1994.
1871 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1871
Mercenary is a novel by Piers Anthony published in 1984.
Plot summary
Mercenary is a novel in which Hope Hubris survives the training course of the Jovian Navy before he sets out with a task force to eliminate space piracy.
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed Mercenary for White Dwarf #69, and stated that "Parts of this are quite sensible, but are balanced by dottiness like the space-battle which – for reasons known only to Anthony – echoes the Mongol invasion of Hungary so faithfully as to neglect the fact that space has three dimensions... Amusing nonsense, but definitely nonsense."
Reviews
Review by Mary S. Weinkauf (1984) in Fantasy Review, August 1984
References
1984 science fiction novels
Avon (publisher) books
Bio of a Space Tyrant
NFP–Labour Coalition was the coalition of the National Federation Party and Fiji Labour Party under the leadership of Timoci Bavadra, formed in 1987 to contest that year's general election. The coalition won the election with 28 seats in the House of Representatives to the Alliance Party's 24 seats, ending the Alliance Party's 21-year rule in Fiji. The government lasted only a month when it was deposed by the military coup of 1987.
Political parties established in 1987
Political parties disestablished in 1987
Faramarz (Persian: فرامرز) is a Persian masculine given name that may refer to
Faramarz Asadi, Kurdish leader and tribal chief in Iran and Iraq
Faramarz Asef (born 1950), Iranian triple jumper
Faramarz Aslani (born 1954), Iranian singer, guitarist, composer, songwriter, and producer
Faramarz Fekr, American engineer
Faramarz Gharibian, Iranian actor and director
Faramarz Khodnegah (born 1965), Iranian strongman and powerlifter
Faramarz Payvar (1933–2009), Iranian composer and santur player
Faramarz Tamanna (born 1977), Afghan politician
Faramarz Vakili Iranian film director, writer and producer
Faramarz Zelli (born 1940), Iranian football player
Iranian masculine given names
Germán Villar (born 1975) is a Spanish tenor.
Biography
Germán Villar was born in Valencia, Spain. The roots of his musical education lay in Madrid, where he started his education with Inés Ribanedeira. At the age of 20 he joined the Joaquim Rodrigo Conservatory in Valencia, where he was to finish his studies. Five years later he took part in the Young Artist Program of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City and worked with teachers such as Trish McCaffree, Renata Scotto and Pierre Vallet.
One year later, he made his stage debut singing Alfredo in La Traviata. In 2002 he won three awards at the Francisco-Vinas-Competition in Barcelona and joined the ensemble at the Stadttheater Gießen, Germany, where he successfully performed a number of prestigious roles, such as Pollione, Pinkerton, Lenskij and Mitch in the German premiere of André Previn's A Streetcar Named Desire.
He has a reputation as one of the leading tenors of the young generation. His outstanding stage appearance in connection with an enormous musicality makes Germán Villar a number 1 candidate for most major roles of the Italian and French repertoire.
His accession to the row of the world's finest tenors came with his role as Christian in Cyrano de Bergerac at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan, Italy in January 2008.
Repertoire
Franco Alfano - Cyrano de Bergerac (Christian)
Vincenzo Bellini - Norma (Pollione)
Georges Bizet - Carmen (Don Jose)
Friedrich von Flotow - Martha (Lyonel)
Umberto Giordano - Fedora (Loris Ipanov)
Louis Joseph Ferdinand Hérold - Zampa (Zampa)
Vicente Martín y Soler - Il Burbero di Buon Cuore (Valerio)
Pietro Mascagni - Cavalleria Rusticana (Turiddu)
Jules Massenet - Werther (Werther)
Enric Palomar - Juana (Juan de Padilla)
André Previn - Endstation Sehnsucht (Mitch)
Giacomo Puccini - Madam Butterfly (Pinkerton)
Giacomo Puccini - Il Tabarro (Luigi)
Giacomo Puccini - Tosca (Cavaradossi)
Johann Strauss II - Die Fledermaus (Alfred)
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky - Eugene Onegin (Lenski)
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky - The Maid of Orleans (Karl V)
Giuseppe Verdi - La Traviata (Alfredo)
Giuseppe Verdi - Nabucco (Ismaelle)
Giuseppe Verdi - Falstaff (Fenton)
Richard Wagner - Das Rheingold (Froh)
Notes
References
Sylvana Sintow-Behrens International Promotions and Managements
External links
The official website of Germán Villar
The official website of the Teatro alla Scala
1975 births
Living people
21st-century Spanish male opera singers
White Ensign Football Club is a football club based in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, England. They are currently members of the and play at Burroughs Park in Great Wakering.
History
The club was formed in 1951, and is named after the British naval ensign of the same name, which is incorporated into the club's badge. They played in the Southend Borough Combination until joining Division Two of the Essex Intermediate League in 2002, going on to win the division at the first attempt, earning promotion to Division One. The season also saw them win the Capital Counties Feeder League Trophy and the league's Senior Cup. They were Division One champions the following season, as well as retaining the Senior Cup and winning the Senior Challenge Cup. In 2004–05 the club retained the league title and Senior Challenge Cup. The league was renamed the Essex Olympian League in 2005.
White Ensign won the Capital Counties Feeder League Trophy for a second time in 2005–06. The following season they were Division One champions for a third time, as well as retaining the Capital Counties Feeder Trophy. Division One was then renamed the Premier Division, and the club retained the league title in 2007–08, also winning the Essex Premier Cup. The following season saw them win the Senior Challenge Cup for a third time. However, this marked the end of their period of success and the club finished second-from-bottom of the Premier Division in 2013–14, resulting in relegation to Division One. They were Division One champions the following season and were promoted straight back to the Premier Division. At the end of the 2017–18 season the club moved up to the newly created Division One South of the Eastern Counties League.
In 2021 the club were promoted to the Essex Senior League based on their results in the abandoned 2019–20 and 2020–21 seasons.
Ground
In 2002 White Ensign moved to the Len Forge Centre in Southend after being admitted to the Essex Olympian League. The centre had been the home of the Southend Borough Combination since 1981. A small stand was built in 1985, but was damaged in the Great Storm of 1987. A covered stand was later erected, with two uncovered stands with bench seating built on each side. After White Ensign moved into the ground, the three stands were replaced with two seated stands either side of a new changing room block.
In order to move up to the Essex Senior League in 2018, the club relocated to Basildon Sporting Village, an athletics stadium originally known as the Gloucester Park Bowl. It had originally been planned as a 21,000-capacity stadium in the 1950s (9,000 seated, 12,000 standing), but eventually opened with only a 200-seat uncovered stand. Basildon United moved into the ground in 1967, and a roof was added to the stand. After Basildon United left in 1970, the ground was used by clubs playing in the Southend & District League, Olympian League club Herongate Athletic, and the Essex Eels rugby league club. In 2011 the ground was upgraded, with a 750-seat stand built.
Ahead of the 2019–20 season, White Ensign entered a groundsharing agreement with Great Wakering Rovers at their Burroughs Park ground.
Honours
Essex Olympian League
Champions 2003–04, 2004–05, 2006–07, 2007–08
Division Two champions 2002–03
Senior Cup winners 2002–03, 2003–04
Senior Challenge Cup winners 2003–04, 2004–05, 2007–08
Essex Premier Cup
Winners 2007–08
Capital Counties Feeder League Trophy
Winners 2002–03, 2005–06, 2006–07
See also
White Ensign
White Ensign F.C. players
References
External links
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in Essex
1951 establishments in England
Association football clubs established in 1951
Southend Borough Combination
Essex Olympian Football League
Eastern Counties Football League
Sports clubs in Southend-on-Sea
Essex Senior Football League
The Kawasaki 1400GTR, also known as the Concours 14 or ZG1400 in some markets, is a sport touring motorcycle produced by Kawasaki. The 1400GTR was introduced in September 2007 and is based on the ZX-14 platform.
It replaces the original GTR1000 (Concours), which was built from 1986 to 2006.
Etymology
The American model name "Concours" is derived from a gathering of prestigious vehicles in a contest of elegance, such as the French Concours d'Elegance and is pronounced with a silent s, /kawn-koor/.
Technology
The engine is a transverse-mounted 16-valve inline-four with a displacement of . It has variable valve timing, derived from a Mitsubishi Motors car engine, which allows the phasing of the intake camshaft to be advanced by up to 24°. This continuous alteration happens progressively as the rpm rise and fall.
The fuel injected engine on the 2008 and 2009 models has a power output of at 8,800 rpm and produces torque of at 6,200 rpm. The ram-air intake increases power to .
The bike's rear suspension-drive system is known as Tetra-Lever and is similar to the BMW Paralever and Moto Guzzi CARC systems. It is designed to handle the conflicting drive and suspension forces (known as shaft effect) typical when shaft-driven motorcycles carry powerful engines.
Both the original Concours and the Concour 14 have a slipper clutch that lets the rear wheel freewheel to lessen the risk of sliding when the rider uses excessive engine braking.
The 1400GTR is fitted with a keyless ignition, KIPASS (Kawasaki's Intelligent Proximity Activation Start System), which means that no key is needed to start the bike as long as the rider is carrying the coded transponder—typically in a pocket.
From launch the 1400GTR had the option of an anti-lock braking system (ABS). In 2010, Kawasaki added KTRC, a traction control system, and replaced the previous ABS systems with K-ACT (Kawasaki Advanced Coactive-braking Technology), an improved system with power-assisted brake force redistribution.
K-ACT is also a combined braking system in which both the front and rear brakes are applied in differing amounts depending on whether the front brake lever or rear brake pedal is used. The rider is able to select, using a handlebar switch, the amount of front brake force applied when the rear brake pedal is used.
The traction control uses the ABS sensors to detect when the front and rear wheel speeds differ—reducing rear wheel speed by telling the engine management system to reduce power output.
Performance
Motorcycle Consumer News tested a 2011 Concours 14's top speed at , and the bike's time at 10.56 seconds at . They recorded a time of 2.91 seconds, and of 6.56 seconds. With ABS enabled they achieved a braking distance of . With at 8,750 rpm and a wet weight of , the power to weight ratio is 1:5.12.
Model history
2008-2009
The 2008 model year was launched in late 2007.
2010
For 2010, Kawasaki made significant revisions including adding KTRC traction control and K-ACT ABS and brake assist, as well as linked brakes which are optional in some markets and standard in others.
The 2010 model has revised bodywork to improve engine cooling and reduce engine heat to the rider, mirrors raised by , the dashbord top was redesigned with vents to help relieve back pressure, a larger wind screen and with memory function and auto-lowering, a heat shield across the midsection of the exhaust pipe, a handlebar-mounted switch to control the dash computer, variable heated grips, an optional "Fuel Economy Assistance Mode" that tells the ECU to use a leaner, more economical air-fuel ratio only selectable less than 6,000 rpm and road speed less than , an "Economical Riding Indicator" was added to the dashboard. The tank-mounted storage area was removed and replaced with an auto-locking glove box in the left fairing, the exhaust silencer cap was changed, the two color seat was replaced a single color model, the instrument cluster illumination was changed from red to white, an ambient outdoor temperature display option was added to the computer display, included key sets were changed from two active fobs/keys to one active fob/key and one passive mini fob/key, the front fork fluid levels were increased by 25ml, and the oil pan was modified so that the drain plug faces forward instead of downward to prevent damage. The ECU was programmed to limit top speed to 154 mph. The rear pannier covers were fully painted (instead of leaving a black area at the bottom). Many people refer to the 2010+ models as the 2nd generation (or "Gen 2") of the C14.
2011
No significant changes were made between the 2010 and 2011 models, although ABS became standard. The front rotors were slightly redesigned.
2012-2014
Starting with the 2012 model, the front rotors were changed slightly to have a smaller carrier to resist warping and Kawasaki started painting the wheels black instead of silver. In 2014 the tire pressure sensors were redesigned with "potted" circuit boards, making battery replacement impractical.
2015-2017
Kawasaki made numerous minor changes in 2015 that include a revised first gear ratio that is shorter to take advantage of the massive torque for smoother starts, revised fuel mapping to match the transmission and catalyzer changes, different steering stem seal for lighter steering at low speed, stiffer rear suspension for enhanced carrying capacity, an adjustable vent in the windshield, revised ABS programming to reduce the linked braking effect, a new rear luggage base, silver bezels on the analog dash meters, elongated mid-pipe heat shield, change of warning lamp color from red to yellow, tank pad, cushions on passenger pegs, and a revised seat that is narrower at the front with a flatter seat area that will allow riders to reach to the ground. There is also an Accessory Touring Seat for even greater comfort. The revised parts should all be backwards compatible with previous model years. Kawasaki also shifted the North American models to use the oxygen sensor that had previously only been used in the other world markets.
2018-2022
Unchanged. Starting with the 2018 model year, the 1400GTR (along with over a dozen Kawasaki models) was discontinued in the European, Asian, Australian, and Brazilian markets; remaining available only in the American, Canadian, and Latin American markets.
Awards
2008: Rider Best Sport-Touring Bike and Motorcycle of the Year
2008: Cycle World Best Sport-Tourer
2009: Cycle World Best Sport-Tourer
2009: Motorcyclist Best Touring Bike
2010: Cycle World Best Sport-Touring Bike
2011: Motorcyclist Sport Tourer Shootout winner
Police and ambulance use
In some countries the 1400GTR is used by police and ambulance services, although this is not factory-built by Kawasaki as an authorities machine, rather it is a local conversion.
References
External links
1400GTR
Sport touring motorcycles
Motorcycles introduced in 2007
Nathusius Investments Sp.z o.o. is a media investment company with a focus on diversified b2b publishing and event activities based in Warsaw, Poland.
History
The company was founded in 1994 and originally focussed on publishing licensed special interest magazines. Major titles have been “Moje Mieszkanie” (an interior magazine based on a license by German publisher Gruner + Jahr), “Majster” (a do it yourself-title licensed from German Jahreszeiten Verlag) and the knitting magazine “Sandra” (by DPV/BPV). In 1999 all consumer titles were sold, partly to local subsidiaries of the licensors, partly to other publishers like Motorpresse Polska (publisher of the Polish version of “Auto, Motor und Sport”).
In 1996 Nathusius Investments started business-to-business publishing with the foundation of the subsidiary Unit Wydawnictwo Informacje Branżowe. This entity published 15 magazines, mainly directed to trade managers in the non-fast-moving consumer goods-sector. The company was sold in the year 2000 to Verlagsgruppe Ebner Ulm (publisher of “WatchTime Magazine”).
Beside publishing business magazines Nathusius Investments in 1998 involved in several internet-only businesses through its subsidiary WebMastersHome Sp. z o.o.. Public attention has been raised by the project “Salon.pl” (run by Shop Online Sp.z o.o., a company owned by WebMastersHome).
Activities today
With the brand “Disco Magic Publishing” Nathusius Investments since 1995 is a representative of foreign record labels and as member of the Polish copyright collection society Stowarzyszenie Autorów ZAiKS (Związek Autorów i Kompozytorów Scenicznych) listed with more than 4.000 songs actually.
Nathusius Investments established several awards, for example the Polish dairy industry award “Lider Forum”. Others are “Top Kupiec” and “Top Sprzedawca”. The company is a member in the Polish Press Publishers Association (Izba Wydawców Prasy - IWP), the International Advertising Association, Polish chapter and at the Polish press auditing association ZKDP (Związek Kontroli Dystrybucji Prasy).
Major brands
Disco Magic Publishing
Forum Mleczarskie - Media Branży Nabiałowej
Strategie - Świat Dyrektorów Finansowych
References
External links
Website of the company
Website of the award Lider Forum
Publishing companies of Poland
Publishing companies established in 1994
Mass media in Warsaw
The 1938 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1938 college football season. In its sixth season under head coach Vee Green, the team compiled a 5–4–1 record (2–1–1 against MVC opponents), and outscored opponents by a total of 194 to 118.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Andrei Lvovich Murygin (; born 5 February 1962) is a former Russian football player.
References
1962 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Russian footballers
Russian Premier League players
FC Sibir Novosibirsk players
Association football defenders
FC Dynamo Vologda players
FC Bulat Cherepovets players
Dembela is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 426 square kilometers and includes 11 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 13,061. The village of Dembela, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 88 km northwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Cross Keys Inn is a pub-restaurant and former coaching inn, trading since before 1750, on a corner of Midford Road in Odd Down, Bath in the English ceremonial county of Somerset. It is since 2014 a free (untied) house.
It is a Grade II listed building, having been added to the register on 11 August 1972.
History
The current building was erected in the late 17th or early 18th century. The site was owned by Bath Priory until the Dissolution of the Monasteries. It was then owned by Hugh Sexey. An inn is known to have stood on the site in 1718 when it is described in a document as "a new erected tenement or dwelling house...now a Public House on Odwood Down". At that time, the lease cost forty-two pounds and there was an annual rent charge of one pound ten shillings. In the mid 18th century the lease was held by Ralph Allen who was the postmaster of Bath and made a fortune by reforming the postal delivery system. The inn was situated strategically on a crossroads, with major roads going to Bristol, Warminster, Bath and Wells. It served as a coaching inn.
The front of the building was altered in the 19th century. Sexey's Hospital was the owner until 1896 when it was sold to Oakhill Brewery. It remained under the control of breweries or pub management companies until 2014, when the freehold was purchased privately. It is now a free house and restaurant.
Architecture
The building has late seventeenth century or early eighteenth century origins, and was extensively modified in the second half of the nineteenth century. It was built out of squared off rubble stone and has a roof of Roman style tiles. Originally the building was a single room deep with two gable ends and a stair at the centre of the rear wall. It had coped front and end gables, with cross saddle-stones, and an ashlar chimney stack at each end. Since then, right and left wings have been added to the building at the rear and an ashlar extension with entrance added at the front. The building consists of three storeys and a cellar, the front extension is two storeys high and has a flat roof. There is a central tall chimney stack at the front, between the two gable ends. The interior of the building is reported to have an original staircase and fireplace.
See also
Crosskeys Inn, an 18th century pub and Grade B1 listed building in Northern Ireland
References
Grade II listed buildings in Bath, Somerset
Grade II listed pubs in Somerset
Jessica Anne Deahr (born July 9, 1982 in Chicago) is an American contemporary dancer and choreographer. A dancer and first generation student of James Morrow's "fusion technique" as part of the now defunct contemporary dance company "Instruments of Movement" (est. 2001), she was named Artistic Director of Chicago Dance Crash in November 2012. Throughout her career, Deahr has performed, taught, and choreographed around the world.
Early life and career
Deahr's childhood training began in Arlington Heights, IL training primarily in jazz, ballet and hip hop. Upon earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology with a minor in dance from Illinois Wesleyan University, her early career continued as a trainee scholarship recipient of the Joel Hall Dance Center in Chicago, IL.
In addition to teaching and modeling, as a professional dancer Deahr worked as a company member of James Morrow's “Instruments of Movement” from 2007-2009 while guest performing for Harrison McEldowney and Frank Chaves among others. Combining both her creative range and commercial interests, Deahr performed for artists Nelly, Vanilla Ice, Jump Smokers and DJ Pauly D while contracting with Royal Caribbean International as both a dancer and ariel artist, performing domestically as well as across Europe, Asia and South America.
Chicago Dance Crash
Deahr's first work with the Chicago-based contemporary company, Chicago Dance Crash, was a supporting role in the 2007 production of Tiger Prawn: The Mountain Mover." Quoted as remembering "I had a black sock over my head, was kind of in the background... didn't care. I was just so excited to be part of something that seemed to fit. ," she continued guest work with the organization until being promoted to a company position by artistic director Kyle Vincent Terry in 2009.
Having successfully freelanced as a choreographer and upon Terry's retirement, Deahr was named the company's resident choreographer at the end of 2011. As Crash operated without a formal artistic director for its 2012, tenth anniversary season, Deahr directed and choreographed the season's signature production, Gotham City (inspired by the setting of Batman comic lore), which was later recognized by the Chicago Tribune as one of Chicago's 10 best productions performed that year. She was internally acknowledged as the company's artistic director throughout the 2012 season, with her promotion publicly announced to the audience at the company's final performance of the year on November 17.
Artistic Director
Deahr is both the youngest and first female artistic director in the history of the organization.
"Yeah I think it was kind of cool because when a company gets a new artistic director they come from somewhere 'here they are, meet them.' So that was slightly terrifying but also kind of cool because I knew them so well. So was cool to come... with a vengeance."
As artistic director, Deahr has most notably expanded Crash's Chicago-based educational outreach arm while taking the organization beyond the state of Illinois both nationally and internationally. Her full-length works including The Cotton Mouth Club, Evil & Good, and The Bricklayers of Oz (inspired by The Land of Oz books by L. Frank Baum) have received critical acclaim while seeing extended tours.
Critical Reception & Awards
Consistently, Deahr's work has been well received by American midwest and national press, starting with her first professional work on Crash earning the "New Voice Award" from the 2011 Dance Chicago Festival as well as being unveiled to the national public as “brash, funky, bright and street friendly in style.” by the Chicago Tribune. Taking an interest in Deahr's career, the Huffington Post noted in 2013 that “Deahr's versatility isn't at all an end in itself; it seems more to be her way of discovering an artistic expression that can go more places, because it's been more places. While many artists see an uncomfortable contradiction between artistic expression and audience approval, Deahr sees both parts of that apparent conflict with more clarity and in a more complete context. One of the secrets of Deahr's vision is that because she can see more of it, she can see right through it.” In 2017, Dance Magazine awarded her full-length work The Bricklayers of Oz as "The Most Inventive New Work of 2017" while the Chicago Sun-Times declared “There is something about Jessica Deahr's ingenious new hip-hop dance-theater piece that is so imaginative, so playfully revisionist, and so superbly realized by all the artists involved, that it feels like an instant classic all its own.” Additionally, Deahr has been acknowledged as among the "Best in Dance" by the Chicago Tribune, as a "Top Artist" by Dance Magazine, as a featured artist in IWU Magazine and in the New York Times best-selling book "Dancers Among Us."
References
External links
Chicago Dance Crash's official website
1982 births
Living people
Contemporary dance
American choreographers
Delia Green (1886 – December 25, 1900) was a 14-year-old African-American murder victim who has been identified as the likely inspiration for several well-known traditional American songs, usually known by the titles "Delia" or "Delia's Gone" or "Little Delia".
History
According to contemporaneous reports published in Georgia newspapers, Green was shot by 15-year-old Mose (or Moses) Houston late on Christmas Eve, 1900, in the Yamacraw neighborhood of Savannah, Georgia, and died at 3:00 a.m. on Christmas Day. Houston, the newspapers implied, had been involved in a sexual relationship with Green for several months. The shooting took place at the home of Willie West, who chased down Houston after the shooting and turned him over to the city police.
Green's murder and Houston's trial in the spring of 1901 were reported in the Savannah Morning News and the Savannah Evening Press. Although Houston reportedly had confessed to the murder at the time of his arrest, at his trial he claimed the shooting was accidental. Other witnesses, however, testified that Houston had become angry after Green called him "a son of a bitch".
Houston was convicted and sentenced to life in prison, on the jury's recommendation of mercy rather than a death penalty. In a clemency petition after the trial, Houston's attorney, Raiford Falligant, cast Houston as "a mere child" who "got into bad company and so unfortunately committed the act that he now suffers for." After serving more than twelve years, he was paroled by Governor John M. Slaton in October 1913. Accounts of his later life are sketchy, but he is said to have died in New York City in 1927 after other brushes with the law.
Green was buried in an unmarked grave in Laurel Grove Cemetery South in Savannah.
Songs
Songs based on Delia Green's murder became both common and popular in the next few decades. In 1928, folklorist Robert Winslow Gordon reported to the Library of Congress that he had traced the songs back to a murder in Savannah and that he had interviewed both Green's mother and the police officer who took Houston into custody.
Gordon's research was never published, and Green's relationship to the popular songs was essentially unknown until Prof. John F. Garst, working from hints left by Gordon, turned up the details in Savannah newspaper archives.
The songs inspired by Green's murder now appear in two forms; both forms were staples of the "folk revival" of the 1950s and early 1960s. One version, usually attributed to Blake Alphonso Higgs, is known as "Delia's Gone". It is explicitly told from her killer's point of view. The second version, usually attributed to Blind Willie McTell, is usually known as "Delia" and is told from the point of view of a loved one of Delia's.
Among the many singers who have sung "Delia" are Bob Dylan and David Bromberg. Josh White and Pete Seeger each recorded "Delia's Gone" in 1955, followed by Harry Belafonte, Bud and Travis, Burl Ives, The Kingston Trio, and other "folk revival" singers. Pat Boone had a minor hit with "Delia Gone" in 1960, with the composition attributed to Caperton Henley.
It was recorded numerous times by country singers, including Bobby Bare, Waylon Jennings and Johnny Cash. In the music video for Cash's fourth recording of the song, the role of Delia was played by Kate Moss.
The song "Delia's Gone" was such a staple of the folk revival of the 1960s that Steve Goodman used the melody and chorus for his song about Chicago Mayor Richard J. Daley, "Daley's Gone", released on his 1977 album "Say It In Private".
References
Bibliography
External links
1886 births
1900 deaths
1900 murders in the United States
Deaths by firearm in Georgia (U.S. state)
Female murder victims
Incidents of violence against girls
Murder ballads
Murdered African-American people
Murdered American children
People from Savannah, Georgia
People murdered in Georgia (U.S. state)
Violence against children
Temognatha miranda is a jewel beetle in the family Buprestidae, found in Western Australia.
It was first described in 1927 by Herbert James Carter as Stigmodera miranda.
The adults are diurnal, and eat flowers, in particular, those of Eucalyptus foecunda, Eucalyptus uncinata and other Eucalyptus species. The larvae are wood-borers.
See also
Woodboring beetle
References
Insects of Australia
Buprestidae
Woodboring beetles
Beetles described in 1927
The Bureau of Outreach and Communication (BOC) formed from the merger of Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity (DAVP) with 2 other departments is the nodal agency of the Government of India for advertising by various Ministries and organisations of Government of India, including public sector undertakings and autonomous bodies.
Formation
The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has integrated its three departments, Directorate of Field Publicity (DFP), Song and Drama Division (S&DD) and Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity (DAVP) and re-named it as Bureau of Outreach and Communication. A committee comprising an additional secretary, the DG (DAVP) and a joint sectary has been formed to oversee the process of integration within a period of six months.
Functioning
The integrated Media Bureau of Outreach and Communication would be headed by a Director General rank officer. An Additional Director General rank officer from ICAS would assist him in financial matters. Bureau of Outreach and Communication would help in creating integrated communication strategy in coordination with Press Information Bureau(PIB). It will act as an advisory body for the Ministries on their media campaign. At the regional level, the media units are integrated into Regional Outreach Bureau (ROB) with an Additional Director General level officer as the Head of the Department for Regional Outreach Bureau. There will be only one common office for all three media units at the Region. A Senior Accounts Officer of ICAS would assist the Additional Director General in financial matters.
Head of the Bureau
Indian Information Service (IIS) officer Ghanshyam Goyal was appointed as the head of Bureau of Outreach Communication (BOC), an entity formed by merging of DFP, S&DD and DAVP
References
External links
Advertising agencies of India
Government agencies of India
Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (India)
Woldzigt (Drèents for 'view of the woods') is a smock mill in Roderwolde, Drenthe, the Netherlands. The mill has two functions; a grain mill and an oil mill. It was built in 1852 and is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 32541.
History
Woldzigt was built in 1852 for S J Datema and E F Aukema. It was built as a grain mill and oil mill combined. The oil mill was used to crush linseed to produce linseed oil and rapeseed to produce rapeseed oil. The season for oil milling ran from September until May. Throughout the year the mill also functioned as a grain mill.
In 1902, the mill was sold to Jan Rietema of Leens. A Deutz petrol engine was installed in that year as auxiliary power. In 1906, the petrol engine was replaced by a steam engine. Rietema worked the mill until 1919 when he left to take the oil mill Tjamsweer at Appingedam, Groningen. The steam engine was removed at that date. The mill was then sold to the coöperatieve olieslagerij en korenmalerij Woldzigt G.A. It was worked by Jan Faber who had been employed at the mill since 1912. During this time the mill was used to produce cattle food and artificial fertiliser. In 1941, the mill ceased to produce oil. The mill was sold to the Coöperatieve Zuivelfabriek Roden-Zevenhuizen in 1945. Jan Faber died in 1946. The mill was then worked by Frederick van der Velde, who had been employed at the mill since 1925. The mill was producing of wheatflour per day. Grain milling ended in 1951.
In 1970, the mill was sold to the Gemeente Roden. The Stichting olie- en korenmolen Woldzigt (English: Oil and grain mill Woldzigt Society) was formed. The mill was completely restored in 1976.
Description
Woldzigt is what the Dutch describe as an "achtkante stellingmolen". It is a three-storey smock mill on a four-storey brick base. The stage is at third-floor level, above ground level. The smock and cap are thatched. The mill is winded by a tailpole and winch. The four Common sails, which have a span of , are carried in a cast-iron windshaft, which was cast by Koning in 1904. The windshaft also carries the brake wheel, which has 72 cogs. The brake wheel drives the wallower (48 cogs) at the top of the upright shaft. At the bottom of the upright shaft the great spur wheel, which has 103 cogs, drives the diameter French Burr millstones via a lantern pinion stone nut which has 24 staves. The diameter edge runner stones and the stamp mills are driven by lantern pinion stone nuts of 26 and 27 staves.
Millers
S J Datema 1852-1902
E F Aukema 1852-1902
Jan Rietema 1902-19
Jan Faber 1912-46
Frederick van der Velde 1925-51
Public access
Woldzigt is open all year round on the first Saturday in the month from 13:30 to 17:00. From May to September, the mill is open Wednesdays to Saturdays from 13:30 to 17:00.
References
External links
Woldzigt website
Windmills in Drenthe
Smock mills in the Netherlands
Windmills completed in 1852
Rijksmonuments in Drenthe
Octagonal buildings in the Netherlands
Noordenveld
1852 establishments in the Netherlands
I Won't Go for More is a song by Belgian recording artist Selah Sue. It was written by Sue and Birsen Uçar and produced by Robin Hannibal for her second studio album Reason (2015), featuring co-production from Itai Shapira and Salva. Distributed by Warner Music Group, it was released as the album's third single by Because Music on June 15, 2015.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the Reason liner notes.
Andrew Dawson – mixing
Robin Hannibal – producer, instruments
Mike Malchicoff – mixing assistance
Jake Najor – drums
Sam Robles – baritone saxophone
Paul Salva – drums, percussion, co-production
Itai Shapira – bass, guitar, co-production
Todd Simon – flugelhorn, trumpet
Sanne Putseys – composer
Birsen Uçar – lyrics
Tracy Wannomae – alto saxophone, bass clarinet, flute, tenor saxophone
Charts
References
External links
SelahSue.com – official website
2014 songs
2015 singles
Selah Sue songs
Songs written by Selah Sue
Because Music singles
Brian Ratigan (born December 27, 1970) is a former American football linebacker. He played for the Indianapolis Colts in 1994.
References
1970 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Sampson Lloyd (15 May 1699 – 1779) was an English iron manufacturer and banker, who co-founded Lloyds Bank. He was part of the notable Lloyd family of Birmingham.
Career
Sampson Lloyd was the third son of Sampson Lloyd (1664–1724) and Mary (née Crowley, sister of Ambrose Crowley), Quakers of Welsh origin, who had moved from their Leominster, Herefordshire farm to Edgbaston Street in Birmingham in 1698.
After the death of his father in 1725, he and his older brother, Charles (1696–1741) bought the Town Mill and traded in iron. He also bought a forge in Burton upon Trent. After Charles' death in 1741, Lloyd became wealthy and in 1742 bought for £1,290 a 56-acre estate called "Owen's Farm" in the manor of Bordesley (in the area now known as Sparkbrook) on the edge of the town of Birmingham. He retained the Tudor farmhouse and built a Georgian mansion nearby which he called "Farm", now a grade II* listed building.
Lloyd continued to live partly in his former town-house in Edgbaston Street, Birmingham, near his ironworks. In 1765, at the age of 66, he formed a company with his son (also named Sampson) and the leading Birmingham button maker John Taylor (1704–1775), and his son, creating Birmingham's first bank: Taylor's and Lloyds, located at 7 Dale End. This is the bank which became Lloyds Bank, now part of Lloyds Banking Group.
Family
Lloyd married twice. His first marriage in 1727 was to Sarah Parkes (1699–1729), daughter of Richard Parkes (died 1729). His son by this marriage, Sampson, was also a founder of another company, Taylor, Lloyd, Hanbury and Bowman in Lombard Street in London.
Lloyd's second wife, whom he married in 1731, was Rachel Champion (1712–1766), daughter of Nehemiah Champion (1678–1747). There were four sons and two daughters who survived to adulthood of this second marriage, including Charles Lloyd (1748–1828) the second son. He was also a partner in the bank; his son, Charles Lloyd, the poet, was only briefly involved in banking.
References
Sources
A History of Birmingham, Chris Upton, 1993,
The Lloyds of Lloyds Bank - An examination into Family History, Gilbert.
External links
1699 births
1779 deaths
English families
English bankers
English Quakers
People from Birmingham, West Midlands
People of the Industrial Revolution
Lloyds Banking Group
English people of Welsh descent
Anthony Robbins was the Director of the U.S. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health from 1978 to 1981. He later became a professor at the Tufts University School of Medicine.
References
External links
National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health
David V was King of Georgia in the 12th century.
David V may also refer to:
David V, Catholicos-Patriarch of Georgia
a Caucasian Albanian Catholicos, see List of Caucasian Albanian catholicoi
Petrophassa, commonly known as the rock pigeons, is a small genus of doves in the family Columbidae native to Australia, and similar to bronzewing pigeons.
The genus was introduced in 1841 by the English ornithologist and bird artist John Gould with the white-quilled rock pigeon (Petrophassa albipennis) as the type species. The genus name is a portmanteau of the Ancient Greek words petros, meaning "rock", and phassa, meaning "pigeon".
The genus contains two species:
Chestnut-quilled rock pigeon, P. rufipennis
White-quilled rock pigeon, P. albipennis
They are not closely related to Columba livia, the rock dove (also called rock pigeon), a species which includes the domestic and feral pigeons as well as the wild species native to Europe, North Africa and Asia.
References
Bird genera
is a private junior college in Saku, Nagano, Japan, established in 1988.
History
1988 Shinshu Junior College (Faculty of Business) was established.
2001 The name of Faculty of Business was changed to Faculty of Business and Information.
2002 Faculty of Life Management was established.
2006 Health and Sports Division and Care and Welfare Division was founded in Faculty of Life Management.
2010 Faculty of Life Management was reorganized to Faculty of Care and Welfare. The name of Faculty of Business and Information was changed to Faculty of Interated Business.
2013 Faculty of Integrated Business was closed.
Faculties
Faculty of Care and Welfare
Care Course
Business Course
See also
Saku University
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1988
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nagano Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
Saku, Nagano
1988 establishments in Japan
Gasdermin B is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GSDMB gene.
Function
This gene encodes a member of the gasdermin-domain containing protein family. Other gasdermin-family genes are implicated in the regulation of apoptosis in epithelial cells, and are linked to cancer. Multiple transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been found for this gene. Additional variants have been described, but they are candidates for nonsense-mediated mRNA decay (NMD) and are unlikely to be protein-coding.
References
Further reading
David Engelbert Miller (December 15, 1924 – October 8, 1996) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway.
References
External links
David Miller's profile at databaseOlympics
David Miller's profile at Sports Reference.com
1924 births
1996 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
People from Rural Municipality Buffalo No. 409, Saskatchewan
Pass the Dust, I Think I'm Bowie is the sole studio album by Black Randy and the Metrosquad, released in 1979 by record label Dangerhouse.
Reception
Online magazine Tiny Mix Tapes called it "heavily intoxicating, and despite all the nastiness abound, a pretty damn good time."
Track listing
"I Slept in an Arcade" – 2:28
"Marlon Brando" – 1:54
"I Tell Lies Every Day" – 1:54
"Down at the Laundrymat" – 3:27
"I Wanna Be a Nark" – 1:45
"Give It Up or Turn It A-Loose" – 2:15
"Idi Amin" – 1:30
"Sperm Bank Baby" – 1:20
"Barefootin' on the Wicket Picket" – 4:02
"San Francisco" – 1:54
"Tellin' Lies" – 1:54
"(Say It Loud) I'm Black and Proud (Part 1)" – 2:54
"(Theme From) Shaft" – 2:41
References
External links
1979 debut albums
Dangerhouse Records albums
Black Randy and the Metrosquad albums
A detour or (British English: diversion) is a (normally temporary) route taking traffic around an area of prohibited or reduced access, such as a construction site. Standard operating procedure for many roads departments is to route any detour over roads within the same jurisdiction as the road with the obstructed area.
On multi-lane highways (e.g., freeways, expressways, city streets, etc.), usually traffic shifts can replace a detour, as detours often the congest turn lanes.
Types
Depending on the roadway affected, and the scope of construction, different types of detours may be used. The most basic is to simply close a stretch of roadway for a defined period of time, diverting all traffic around the site. Other types of detours may also be used, such as a detour that is only in effect at night, only in effect during weekends, or a detour that restricts through traffic while permitting local traffic such as residents and delivery vehicles. Which type of detour to use is decided by a variety of factors – a full closure of a road means construction can be completed more quickly, but also means a more severe impact on traffic.
Implementation
Detours require signage to notify drivers, especially those who are not local and are unfamiliar with the road network in an area. Creating a detour imposes costs on motorists, along with wear and tear on the detour route. When a detour from a highway travels over local streets, they may first be reinforced to handle highway level traffic.
Railroad detours
Detours may be used for trains as well. Implementing detours is more difficult for railroads, as rail networks do not have the many redundant pathways offered by road networks. Railroad detours are most commonly used when a significant natural disaster renders a railroad route inaccessible until it can be repaired, though they may also be used when a line is out of service for maintenance.In North America, the various railroad companies have agreed to cooperate when one company needs to detour its trains onto the tracks of a different company. The railroad detouring trains will arrange with the "host" railroad(s) how many trains a day will need to use a detour, and agree on the fee per train-mile the detouring company will pay in exchange.
Permanently signed detour routes
References
Road transport
Richairo Juliano Živković (; born 5 September 1996) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Emmen.
Club career
FC Groningen
Born in Assen, Živković began playing football at FVV from Foxhol. He was noticed early on due to his agility and speed, and at the age of 11 he left for the youth academy of FC Groningen where he progressed. He brought more attention to himself due to his performance for the reserves team, and by the end of 2012 he signed a three-year contract with the club.
On 2 December 2012, Živković came on as an 84th-minute substitute in the first team's 2–0 win over Heracles Almelo, making him the youngest debutant in the history of the club. On 3 August 2013, the first match day of the 2013–14 Eredivisie season, he scored his first regular season goal for the club, thereby relieving Arjen Robben as the youngest to have ever scored for Groningen. His talent did not go unnoticed, with 11 top football clubs enquiring about him by November 2013, including the likes of Real Madrid and FC Barcelona.
Ajax
On 17 March 2014, Živković agreed to sign for Ajax, taking a three-year contract starting 1 July 2014. FC Groningen also received Ajax forward Danny Hoesen, as well as a percentage of Živković's transfer fee should Ajax sell the player before the expiration of his contract, hereby following in the footsteps of Luis Suárez who had transferred from Groningen to Ajax before him. On 5 June 2014, Živković made his debut for Ajax in a friendly match against Wacker Innsbruck concluding the club's pre-season training camp in Austria. He scored the final goal in the 46th minute of the 5–1 victory. He made his competitive debut for the reserves team Jong Ajax in the Eerste Divisie season opener, a North Holland derby match which resulted in a 3–0 win at home against SC Telstar. He scored his first goal for the reserves in his second appearance from a penalty kick in the 55th minute against Fortuna Sittard, which resulted in a 2–0 win. He made his third appearance for the reserves team in another North Holland derby match against neighbouring FC Volendam. The game ended in a 5–0 loss at home. Živković was sent off receiving a red card in the 59th minute following the ejection of Ajax goalkeeper Peter Leeuwenburgh in the 35th minute of the match.
On 28 October 2014, Živković made his regular season debut in the first team, playing in the third round KNVB Cup away match against SV Urk. Coming on as 46th-minute substitute for Arkadiusz Milik, he scored the final goal in the 89th minute of the 4–0 victory. Scoring on his debut for the first team, Živković became the 50th Ajax player to do so since the introduction of professional football in the Netherlands.
Willem II (loan)
On 22 June 2015, Živković was sent on loan at Willem II, together with Lesly de Sa and Ruben Ligeon. On 1 July 2015, he scored the first four goals in a friendly game against Jong Brabant which ended 0–12. Lesley de Sa also added a goal in that game. However, he already returned to Ajax in February 2016, as his loan at Willem II did not turn out to be a success.
FC Utrecht (loan)
Živković started the 2016–17 season with Jong Ajax for which he scored three times in two matches. Especially after the arrival of Bertrand Traoré at Ajax, his prospects for playing time with the first team of Ajax decreased. On 16 August 2016, he was sent on loan to FC Utrecht until the end of the season.
KV Oostende
On 16 June 2017, Živković signed for Belgian Pro League club KV Oostende on a four-year contract. The transfer fee was not announced, however FC Groningen would receive 10% of the amount received by Ajax in the transfer.
Changchun Yatai
Živković moved to Chinese side Changchun Yatai in February 2019.
Sheffield United (loan)
Živković signed for Premier League club Sheffield United on a six-month loan on 31 January 2020, with the deal including an option to buy.
Emmen
On 25 July 2022, Živković joined Emmen for one year with an option for a second.
International career
Following his first Eredivisie goal earlier in the month, Živković was called up to the Netherlands under-19 team on 22 August 2013. He has also represented the Netherlands at under-20 and under-21 level.
Personal life
Živković carries the last name of his mother Mira, who is originally from Serbia. His father, who left the family when Živković was little, was from Curaçao. In addition to Dutch, he speaks Serbian. As a young child he would visit his relatives in Serbia every summer. Through his parents he is eligible to represent Serbia (and also Montenegro), Curaçao or the Netherlands, as of yet he has not represented either nation at the senior level, but he has appeared in the Dutch youth national team system.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Red Star Belgrade
Serbian SuperLiga: 2021–22
Serbian Cup: 2021–22
References
External links
Voetbal International profile
1996 births
Living people
People from Assen
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Netherlands under-21 international footballers
Association football forwards
FC Groningen players
AFC Ajax players
Jong Ajax players
Willem II (football club) players
FC Utrecht players
K.V. Oostende players
Changchun Yatai F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Guangzhou City F.C. players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
FC Emmen players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Belgian First Division A players
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in England
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in China
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in England
Dutch people of Curaçao descent
Dutch people of Serbian descent
Footballers from Drenthe
In sociology, codependency is a theory that attempts to explain imbalanced relationships where one person enables another person's self-destructive behavior such as addiction, poor mental health, immaturity, irresponsibility, or under-achievement.
Definitions of codependency vary, but typically include high self-sacrifice, a focus on others' needs, suppression of one's own emotions, and attempts to control or fix other people's problems. People who self-identify as codependent exhibit low self-esteem, but it is unclear whether this is a cause or an effect of characteristics associated with codependency. Codependency is not limited to married, partnered, or romantic relationships as co-workers, friends, and family members can be codependent.
History
The term codependency is most often identified with Alcoholics Anonymous and the realization that the Alcoholism was not solely about the addict but also about the family and friends who constitute a network for the alcoholic. The term “codependent” was first used to describe how family members and friends might interfere with the recovery of a person affected by a substance use disorder by overhelping.
Application of the concept of codependency was driven by the self-help community. Janet G. Woititz's Adult Children of Alcoholics came out in 1983 and sold two million copies while being on the New York Times bestseller list for 48 weeks. Robin Norwood's Women Who Love Too Much, 1985, sold two and a half million copies and spawned Twelve Step groups across the country for women "addicted" to men. Melody Beattie popularized the concept of codependency in 1986 with the book Codependent No More which sold eight million copies. In 1986, Timmen Cermak, M.D. wrote Diagnosing and Treating Co-Dependence: A Guide for Professionals. In that book and an article published in the Journal of Psychoactive Drugs, Cermak argued unsuccessfully for the inclusion of codependency as a separate personality disorder in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, DSM-III-R. A twelve-step program called Co-Dependents Anonymous was founded in 1986.
Definition
Codependency has no established definition or diagnostic criteria within the mental health community.
According to the book Codependency for Dummies, a codependent person is someone who cannot function on their own and whose thinking and behavior is instead organized around another person, process, or substance. Under this conception, many people who are codependent place a lower priority on their own needs, while being excessively preoccupied with the needs of others. Codependency can occur in any type of relationship, including family, work, friendship, and also romantic, peer or community relationships.
Timmen Cermak, M.D., proposed that co-dependency be diagnosable as a personality disorder when specific personality traits become excessive and maladaptive and cause significant impairment in functioning or cause significant distress. Codependency has not been included as a condition in any edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.
Behaviors and characteristics
Under theories of codependency, the codependent partner in a relationship is often described as displaying self-perception, attitudes and behaviors that serve to increase problems within the relationship instead of decreasing them. It is often suggested that people who are codependent were raised in dysfunctional families or with early exposure to addiction behavior, resulting in their allowance of similar patterns of behavior by their partner.
Relationships
Codependent relationships are often described as being marked by intimacy problems, dependency, control (including caretaking), denial, dysfunctional communication and boundaries, and high reactivity. There may be imbalance within the relationship, where one person is abusive or in control or supports or enables another person's addiction, poor mental health, immaturity, irresponsibility, or under-achievement.
Under this conception of codependency, the codependent person's sense of purpose within a relationship is based on making extreme sacrifices to satisfy their partner's needs. Codependent relationships signify a degree of unhealthy "clinginess" and needy behavior, where one person does not have self-sufficiency or autonomy. One or both parties depend on their loved one for fulfillment. The mood and emotions of the codependent are often determined by how they think other individuals perceive them (especially loved ones). This perception is self-inflicted and often leads to clingy, needy behavior which can hurt the health of the relationship.
Personality disorders
Codependency may occur in people with diagnosable personality disorders.
Borderline personality disorder – there is a tendency for loved ones of people with borderline personality disorder (BPD) to slip into "caretaker" roles, giving priority and focus to problems in the life of the person with BPD rather than to issues in their own lives. The codependent partner may gain a sense of worth by being perceived as "the sane one" or "the responsible one".
Narcissistic personality disorder – Narcissists, with their ability to get others to "buy into their vision" and help them make it a reality, seek and attract partners who will put others' needs before their own. A codependent person can provide the narcissist with an obedient and attentive audience. Among the reciprocally interlocking interactions of the pair are the narcissist's overpowering need to feel important and special and the codependent person's strong need to help others feel that way.
Family dynamics
In the dysfunctional family the child learns to become attuned to the parent's needs and feelings instead of the other way around. Parenting is a role that requires a certain amount of self-sacrifice and giving a child's needs a high priority. A parent can be codependent toward their own child. Generally, a parent who takes care of their own needs (emotional and physical) in a healthy way will be a better caretaker, whereas a codependent parent may be less effective, or may even do harm to a child. Codependent relationships often manifest through enabling behaviors, especially between parents and their children. Another way to look at it is that the needs of an infant are necessary but temporary, whereas the needs of the codependent are constant. Children of codependent parents who ignore or negate their own feelings may become codependent.
Recovery and prognosis
With no consensus as to how codependency should be defined, and with no recognized diagnostic criteria, mental health professionals hold a range of opinions about the diagnosis and treatment of codependency. Caring for an individual with a physical addiction is not necessarily treating a pathology. The caregiver may only require assertiveness skills and the ability to place responsibility for the addiction on the other. There are various recovery paths for individuals who struggle with codependency. For example, some may choose cognitive-behavioral psychotherapy, sometimes accompanied by chemical therapy for accompanying depression. There also exist support groups for codependency, such as Co-Dependents Anonymous (CoDA), Al-Anon/Alateen, Nar-Anon, and Adult Children of Alcoholics (ACoA), which are based on the twelve-step program model of Alcoholics Anonymous, Celebrate Recovery and Life Recovery a Christian 12 step Bible-based group. Many self-help guides have been written on the subject of codependency.
It has been proposed that, in attempts to recover from codependency, go from being overly passive or overly giving to being overly aggressive or excessively selfish. Therapists may seek to help a client develop a balance through healthy assertiveness, which leaves room for being a caring person and also engaging in healthy caring behavior, while minimizing selfishness, bully, or behaviors that might reflect conflict addiction. Developing a permanent stance of being a victim (having a victim mentality) does not constitute recovery from codependency. A victim mentality could also be seen as a part of one's original state of codependency (lack of empowerment causing one to feel like the "subject" of events rather than being an empowered actor). Someone truly recovered from codependency would feel empowered and like an author of their life and actions rather than being at the mercy of outside forces. A victim mentality may also occur in combination with passive–aggressive control issues. From the perspective of moving beyond victim-hood, the capacity to forgive and let go (with exception of cases of very severe abuse) could also be signs of real recovery from codependency, but the willingness to endure further abuse would not.
It is theorized that unresolved patterns of codependency may lead to more serious problems like alcoholism, drug addiction, eating disorders, sex addiction, psychosomatic illnesses, and other self-destructive or self-defeating behaviors. People with codependency may be more likely to attract further abuse from aggressive individuals (such as those with BPD or NPD), more likely to stay in stressful jobs or relationships, less likely to seek medical attention when needed and are also less likely to get promotions and tend to earn less money than those without codependency patterns. For some people, the social insecurity caused by codependency may progress into full-blown social anxiety disorders like social phobia, avoidant personality disorder or painful shyness. Other stress-related disorders like panic disorder, depression or PTSD may also be present.
Controversy
Codependency is not a diagnosable mental health condition, and there is no medical consensus as to its definition. Without clinical definition, the term is easily applicable to many behaviors and has been overused by some self-help authors and support communities.
In an article in Psychology Today, clinician Kristi Pikiewicz suggested that the term codependency has been overused by the general populace and labeling a patient as codependent can be confusing and may even shame them rather than help them focus on how their traumas shape their current relationships.
Others have stressed an awareness that codependency is a theory, and that there no evidence that codependence is caused by a disease process. Attachment theory may be a more helpful model for understanding and dealing with attachment in adults. Codependency does not refer to all caring behavior or feelings, but only those that are excessive to an unhealthy degree. Some scholars and treatment providers assert that codependency is an overresponsibility and that overresponsibility needs to be understood as a positive impulse gone awry, and that responsibility for relationships with others needs to coexist with responsibility to self.
See also
References
Further reading
Cermak M.D, Timmen L., Diagnosing and Treating Co-Dependence: A Guide for Professionals Who Work with Chemical Dependents, Their Spouses, and Children (Professional Series), 1998, Hazelden Publishing, Minnesota,
CoDA, Co-Dependents Anonymous, 1997, CoDA Resource Publishing, Phoenix,
Beattie, Melody Codependent No More: How to Stop Controlling Others and Start Caring for Yourself, 1986, Hazelden, Minnesota,
Whitfield M.D., Charles L.,Healing The Child Within: Discovery and Recovery for Adult Children of Dysfunctional Families, 1987, Health Communications, Inc., Florida,
Lancer, Darlene, Conquering Shame and Codependency: 8 Steps to Freeing the True You, 2014, Hazelden, Minnesota,
External links
Behavioural syndromes associated with physiological disturbances and physical factors
Codependency
Interpersonal relationships
Narcissism
Borderline personality disorder
Duos
The Hyperion Cantos is a series of science fiction novels by Dan Simmons. The title was originally used for the collection of the first pair of books in the series, Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion, and later came to refer to the overall storyline, including Endymion, The Rise of Endymion, and a number of short stories. More narrowly, inside the fictional storyline, after the first volume, the Hyperion Cantos is an epic poem written by the character Martin Silenus covering in verse form the events of the first two books.
Of the four novels, Hyperion received the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1990; The Fall of Hyperion won the Locus and British Science Fiction Association Awards in 1991; and The Rise of Endymion received the Locus Award in 1998. All four novels were also nominated for various science fiction awards.
Works
Hyperion
First published in 1989, Hyperion has the structure of a frame story, similar to Geoffrey Chaucer's Canterbury Tales and Giovanni Boccaccio's Decameron. The story weaves the interlocking tales of a diverse group of travelers sent on a pilgrimage to the Time Tombs on Hyperion. The travelers have been sent by the Church of the Final Atonement, alternately known as the Shrike Church, and the Hegemony (the government of the human star systems) to make a request of the Shrike. As they progress in their journey, each of the pilgrims tells their tale.
The Fall of Hyperion
This book concludes the story begun in Hyperion. It abandons the storytelling frame structure of the first novel, and is instead presented primarily as a series of dreams by John Keats.
Endymion
The story commences 274 years after the events in the previous novel. Few main characters from the first two books are present in the later two. The main character is Raul Endymion, an ex-soldier who receives a death sentence after an unfair trial. He is rescued by Martin Silenus and asked to perform a series of rather extraordinarily difficult tasks. The main task is to rescue and protect Aenea, a messiah coming from the distant past via time travel. The Catholic Church has become a dominant force in the human universe and views Aenea as a potential threat to their power. The group of Aenea, Endymion, and A. Bettik (an android) evades the Church's forces on several worlds, ending the story on Earth.
The Rise of Endymion
This final novel in the series finishes the story begun in Endymion, expanding on the themes in Endymion, as Raul and Aenea battle the Church and meet their respective destinies.
Short stories
The series also includes three short stories:
"Remembering Siri" (1983, included almost verbatim in Hyperion)
"The Death of the Centaur" (1990)
"Orphans of the Helix" (1999)
Development
The Hyperion universe originated when Simmons was an elementary school teacher, as an extended tale he told at intervals to his young students; this is recorded in "The Death of the Centaur", and its introduction. It then inspired his short story "Remembering Siri", which eventually became the nucleus around which Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion formed. After the quartet was published came the short story "Orphans of the Helix". "Orphans" is currently the final work in the Cantos, both chronologically and internally.
The original Hyperion Cantos has been described as a novel published in two volumes, published separately at first for reasons of length. In his introduction to "Orphans of the Helix", Simmons elaborates:
Some readers may know that I've written four novels set in the "Hyperion Universe"—Hyperion, The Fall of Hyperion, Endymion, and The Rise of Endymion. A perceptive subset of those readers—perhaps the majority—know that this so-called epic actually consists of two long and mutually dependent tales, the two Hyperion stories combined and the two Endymion stories combined, broken into four books because of the realities of publishing.
Influences
Much of the appeal of the series stems from its extensive use of references and allusions from a wide array of thinkers such as Teilhard de Chardin, John Muir, Norbert Wiener, and to the poetry of John Keats, the famous 19th-century English Romantic poet, Norse Mythology, and the monk Ummon. A large number of technological elements are acknowledged by Simmons to be inspired by elements of Out of Control: The New Biology of Machines, Social Systems, and the Economic World.
The Hyperion series has many echoes of Jack Vance, explicitly acknowledged in one of the later books.
The title of the first novel, "Hyperion", is taken from one of Keats's poems, the unfinished epic Hyperion. Similarly, the title of the third novel is from Keats' poem Endymion. Quotes from actual Keats poems and the fictional Cantos of Martin Silenus are interspersed throughout the novels. Simmons goes so far as to have two artificial reincarnations of John Keats ("cybrids": artificial intelligences in human bodies) play a major role in the series.
Setting
Much of the action in the series takes place on the planet Hyperion. It is described as having one-fifth less gravity than Earth standard. Hyperion has a number of peculiar indigenous flora and fauna, notably Tesla trees, which are essentially large electricity-spewing trees. It is also a "labyrinthine" planet, which means that it is home to ancient subterranean labyrinths of unknown purpose. Most importantly, Hyperion is the location of the Time Tombs, large artifacts surrounded by "anti-entropic" fields that allow them to move backward through time. In the fictional universe of the Hyperion Cantos, the Hegemony of Man encompasses over 200 planets.
The Farcaster network was given to humanity by the TechnoCore and again it was another use of the Void Which Binds that allowed this instantaneous travel between worlds. Faster than light communications technology, Fatlines are said to operate through tachyon bursts. However, in later books it is revealed that they operate through the Void Which Binds. The Hawking Drive was developed by the Human scientists, allowing the faster than light travel which led to the Hegira (from the Arabic word , meaning 'migration'). The Gideon drive, a Core-provided starship drive, allows for near-instantaneous travel between any two points in human-occupied space. The drive's use kills any human on board a Gideon-propelled starship; thus, the technology is only of use with remote probes or when used in conjunction with the Pax's resurrection technology. The resurrection creche can regenerate someone carrying a cruciform from their remains. Treeships are living trees that are propelled by ergs (spider-like solid-state alien being that emits force fields) through space.
The Shrike
The region of the Tombs is also the home of the Shrike, a menacing half-mechanical, half-organic four-armed creature that features prominently in the series. It appears in all four Hyperion Cantos books and is an enigma in the initial two; its purpose is not revealed until the second book, but is still left nebulous. The Shrike appears to act both autonomously and as a servant of some unknown force or entity. In the first two Hyperion books, it exists solely in the area around the Time Tombs on the planet Hyperion. Its portrayal is changed significantly in the last two books, Endymion and The Rise of Endymion. In these novels, the Shrike appears effectively unfettered and protects the heroine Aenea against assassins of the opposing TechnoCore.
Surrounded in mystery, the object of fear, hatred, and even worship by members of the Church of the Final Atonement (the Shrike Cult), the Shrike's origins are described as uncertain. It is portrayed as composed of razorwire, thorns, blades, and cutting edges, having fingers like scalpels and long, curved toe blades. It has the ability to control the flow of time, and may thus appear to travel infinitely fast. The Shrike may kill victims in a flash or it may transport them to an eternity of impalement upon an enormous artificial 'Tree of Thorns,' or 'Tree of Pain' in Hyperion's distant future. The Tree of Thorns is described as an unimaginably large, metallic tree, alive with the agonized writhing of countless human victims of all ages and races. It is also hinted in the second book that the Tree of Thorns is actually a simulation generated by a mystical interface which connects to human brains via a strong and pulsing (as if it were alive) cord. The name Shrike is undoubtedly a reference to the Loggerhead Shrike, a small fierce bird that impales its victims on thorns, spines, or twigs.
See also
References
External links
Interview with Simmons where he mentions the origin of the Hyperion Cantos universe
"The whole of SF history as a theophany"—a review of the Endymion duology
Treeship
Science fiction book series
Works by Dan Simmons
Space opera novels
Artificial intelligence in fiction
Artificial wormholes in fiction
Fiction about consciousness transfer
Fiction about immortality
Cyborgs in fiction
Fiction about robots
Nanotechnology in fiction
Transhumanism in fiction
Religion in science fiction
Dystopian fiction
Post-apocalyptic fiction
Quantum fiction novels
Fiction about megastructures
Exploratory engineering
Terraforming
Novels about time travel
Novels set on fictional planets
Kodanad is a rural riverside village of Ernakulam district in Kerala, South India. It is 18 km from Angamaly. Kodanad is situated on the south bank of Periyar river, about 42 kilometers east of Kochi. The village is a major tourist destination because it houses an Elephant training center.
Location
Transportation
Kodanad has got private bus services to places inside and outside Ernakulam District and run into several neighbouring towns. There are frequent bus services to Perumbavoor from here. AutoRickshaws are commonly used for small distances. The nearest railway stations are Angamaly and Aluva. The Cochin International Airport at Nedumbassery is only 16 km from the Kodanad Elephant training centre. KL-40 is the RTO code for Kunnathunad Taluk and Perumbavoor. Perumbavoor JRTO is at Pattal.
Kodanad is surrounded by many small but populous commuter villages, notably Koovappady, Thottuva, Alattuchira, Panamkuzhy, Cheranalloor, Kurichilakode, Kaprikad, etc. Vallam town, is one of the main interchange points for public transport.
The nearest airport is Cochin International Airport which is about 20 km (12 mi) by road.
History
In the 1950–60s, Kodanad used to be the largest of several elephant training centres for captured elephants from the adjoining forest regions. They were trained using Mahouts, specially skilled people also known as 'Paappaan' in Malayalam language. In the 1970s, there was a ban to elephant capture by Government of India and from then on, Kodanad was primarily used as a rescue training centre. As of 2017, all the animals have been shifted to nearby Abhayaranyam facility.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census of India, Kodanad has 3502 households. The literacy rate of the village is 84.63%.
Kaprikkad Ecotourism project
Kodanad is in the list of Ecotourism destination projects sponsored by the Government of India. As a part of this project, Kaprikkad, a village lying 3 km adjacent to Kodanad on the river bank has been set up in 2006 for entertaining visitors in the most natural and environmental friendly way.
Abhayaranyam Mini Zoo, Kaprikkad
Most of the animals from Kodanad elephant centre including the elephants have been recently rehabilitated to Kaprikkad, as the part of Ecotourism project named as Abhayaranyam, which is spread across 200 acres of natural forest. The project was inaugurated on 18 February 2011 by the Minister of Forestry and Housing, Shri. Binoy Vishwom. You can find Spotted deers, Sambar deers and young elephants here.
Abhayaranyam extends for an area of 2.5 acres on the bank river of river periyar .
Education
Baselius Augen Public School, Kodanad
Places of worship
Temples
kodanad shiva temple,
chettinada saraswathi temple,
kunnumpuram ayyappa temple,
edavanakavu temple,
pancheswara Vishnu temple.
Churches
Mar Malkhe Orthodox Church, Kodanad.
Zion Asram, Kodanad
St. Antony's Syro-Malabar Church, Kodanad
St. Thomas Church, Malayatoor (2 km)
Bethlehem St. Marys Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church, Alattuchira
Nearby places
Malayattoor Pilgrim 3 km
Kaprikad 3 km
Paniyeli poru 15 km
Airport 16 km
Angamaly 19 km
Muvattupuzha 21 km
Varapuzha (Paravur) 33 km
Piravom 34 km
North Paravur 36 km
Kochi City 38 km
Poochackal പൂച്ചാക്കല് 43 km
Aroor 43 km
Kodungallur 50 km
Perumbavoor 11 km
References
Villages in Ernakulam district
Elephant reserves of India
Vítězslav Jureček (25 May 1960 – 18 May 2011) was a Czech biathlete. He competed in the 10 km sprint event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
2011 deaths
Czech male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Czechoslovakia
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Šumperk
Sportspeople from the Olomouc Region
Ernesford Grange Community Academy (formerly Ernesford Grange School) is a secondary comprehensive school with sixth form facilities in the Ernesford Grange area of Coventry, England.
The school has a very mixed catchment area and, as such, is above the national average for proportion of students receiving free school meals and students with special educational needs. Despite the fact that most students enter the school with below average Key Stage 2 results, Key Stage 3 and 4 results are above that of similar schools. Value added scores show how well the school is doing.
It is a major part of the Riverside partnership which links several schools in the local area into a consortium to offer a wider range of subjects at A Level. The school motto is "Together we Achieve".
History
The school was built in 1972 as one of the first suburban community colleges in the country. Over the past few years, the school has been through major changes in both structure and organisation. Many of the blocks have been rebuilt or renovated and the timetable has been rearranged. In 2005, it gained specialist school status in science and is currently the only specialist Science College in the city. The school converted to academy status on 1 January 2014 and was renamed Ernesford Grange Community Academy.
External links
Official Website
Secondary schools in Coventry
Educational institutions established in 1972
1972 establishments in England
Academies in Coventry
Brigadier General Antonio Maldonado (born 1941) was an officer of the United States Air Force, who in 1967 became the youngest pilot and Aircraft Commander of a B-52 Stratofortress nuclear bomber. He served as Chief, U.S. Office of Defense Cooperation, Madrid, Spain. He was the senior Department of Defense representative to Spain and senior advisor to the US Ambassador to Spain. During the Persian Gulf War in 1991 he coordinated the overall US offensive operations from Spain.
Early years
Maldonado was born in Comerío, a town located in the center-eastern region of Puerto Rico. He is the youngest of twelve brothers and sisters born to Flor Maldonado Colón from Barranquitas and Carmen López Rodriguez from Naranjito. His family moved to the capital of the island, San Juan and there he attended Central High School. Maldonado graduated from high school in May 1959 and continued his academic education in the University of Puerto Rico where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in business administration in May 1964. Started his military career as an enlisted Operation Specialist with the 198th TFS in the Puerto Rico Air National Guard while he was still a student at the University of Puerto Rico during the early 60's. Upon his graduation, Maldonado received the commission of second lieutenant in the United States Air Force as a Distinguished Graduate from the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps program. He married Carmen Gonzalez from San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Military career
Maldonado was sent to Moody Air Force Base in Georgia where he completed his Air Force pilot training in August 1965. He was then assigned as a B-52 pilot with the 34th Bomb Squadron at Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and in January 1969 became the youngest person to become an Aircraft Commander in said aircraft with the 60th Bombardment Squadron at Ramey Air Force Base in Puerto Rico. During his tour at Ramey he earned his Master of Business Administration degree at the Inter American University of Puerto Rico in May 1969. In 1970, he was assigned to the 67th Tactical Fighter Wing at Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho, where he trained as an F-4C Phantom pilot.
Vietnam War
In January 1971, Maldonado was transferred to the 432nd Tactical Fighter Reconnaissance Wing, Udon Royal Thai Air Force Base in Thailand. His active participation in the Vietnam War included 183 air combat missions over North and South Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia logging more than 400 combat flying hours in the F-4C Phantom.
Return to the United States
In December 1971, Maldonado returned to the United States upon completing his tour of duty in Vietnam. He was assigned to Bergstrom Air Force Base in Texas, as an RF-4C Instructor Pilot. In December 1972 he was selected for a special assignment as an International Politico-military Affairs Officer to the U.S. Southern Command, Albrook Air Force Base in the Panama Canal Zone. Maldonado left Panama to attend the Army Command and General Staff College from July 1976 to July 1977.
Among the assignments which he held from 1977 to 1982 were the following: B-52 Instructor Pilot and Chief of the Command Control Division (1977–1979) for the 42nd Bombardment Wing at Loring Air Force Base, Maine; Commander of the 28th Bombardment Squadron and later Assistant Deputy Commander for Operations, 19th Bombardment Wing at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia (1979–1981). He continued his military academic education by attending the Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base in Alabama graduating in May 1982 as a Distinguished Graduate.
Pentagon assignments
Upon his graduation from the Air War College, Maldonado was assigned to Headquarters, United States Air Force at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C., as Chief, Western Hemisphere Division, Office of the Deputy Director for Plans and Policy. In June 1983 he was named Chief, Strategic Offensive Forces Division, Directorate of Plans.
In April 1984, Maldonado was transferred to K.I. Sawyer Air Force Base in Michigan. During the years which he spent there (1984–1987) he assumed various leadership positions: Deputy Commander for Operations (1984), 410th Bombardment Wing; Vice Commander (September 1984)and Commander (July 1985). While commanding the 410th, General Maldonado won numerous top Air Force awards including the coveted Omaha Trophy (best combat Wing) and the 390th Bombardment Group Memorial Trophy ( the best Wing Commander).
In May 1987, Maldonado was reassigned once more to the Pentagon where he served as Chief, Strategic Operations Division, Operations Directorate, Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In June 1988 he became Deputy Director for Operations, National Military Command Center, the Pentagon. On September 1 of that same year, he was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General becoming the second Air Force Officer from Puerto Rico and the first from a Puerto Rico University to reach the general officer ranks.
In July 1989, Maldonado was named Chief, U.S. Office of Defense Cooperation, Madrid, Spain, becoming the senior Department of Defense representative to that country. His responsibilities included providing overall direction to U.S. elements in Spain on status of forces, security assistance programs and other defense and base agreement matters. He also provided overall coordination for US offensive operations out of Spain during the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
Brigadier General Maldonado retired from the United States Air Force on September 1, 1991, with more than 4,000 hours of flight, after 27 years of service of active duty service.
Later years
After Maldonado retired from the Air Force in 1991, he was named President of "Fomento Industrial de Puerto Rico" (Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company) by the Government of Puerto Rico, a position which he held until January 1993. In 1993 he became the CEO of the American Red Cross, Puerto Rico Region. In 1999 he became Executive Director of Palmas Del Mar Homeowners Association, in Humacao, Puerto Rico. Maldonado is a board member of the US National Marrow Donor Program and a member of the Board of Governors PR Aqueducts Authority. Maldonado is married to Ilia Lopez from Humacao, Puerto Rico, and has four daughters Carmen Zaydee, Joyce, Suzy and Elsie Oshiry and grandchildren Calvin, Isabella, Gabriella, Allegra, Spencer and Antonio.
Awards and recognitions
Among Brigadier General Antonio Maldonado's decorations and medals were the following:
Badges:
US Air Force Command Pilot Badge
Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Identification Badge
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
List of Puerto Rican military personnel
Hispanics in the United States Air Force
References
Further reading
Puertorriquenos Who Served With Guts, Glory, and Honor. Fighting to Defend a Nation Not Completely Their Own; by : Greg Boudonck;
1941 births
Living people
Air War College alumni
United States Air Force personnel of the Vietnam War
American Red Cross personnel
United States Air Force generals
People from Comerío, Puerto Rico
Recipients of the Air Medal
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Gallantry Cross (Vietnam)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Meritorious Service Medal (United States)
Puerto Rican United States Air Force personnel
Puerto Rican aviators
Puerto Rican military officers
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Puerto Rico National Guard personnel
The 1990 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the University of Georgia during the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Bulldogs completed the season with a 4–7 record.
Schedule
References
Georgia
Georgia Bulldogs football seasons
Georgia Bulldogs football
The 2019–20 season is Patronato's 5th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina and Copa de la Superliga.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Patronato announced their first two signings in early June 2019. Leandro Marín signed from Lausanne-Sport on 6 June, while Lucas Mancinelli made the move from Temperley on 12 June - with both players officially joining on 3 July. The club's first outgoing was revealed on 17 June, with Swiss centre-back Dylan Gissi signing for Atlético Tucumán. Mathías Abero did the opposite on 19 June, as the Uruguayan penned terms from the San Miguel de Tucumán outfit. Patronato completed the loan capture of central midfielder Julián Chicco from Boca Juniors on 21 June, he was followed in hours later by Christian Chimino from Huracán. Ezequiel Rescaldani left on the same day, joining Arsenal de Sarandí. Also on 21 June, Federico Mancinelli became signing number six.
Cristian Tarragona joined Patronato on 22 June, with the centre-forward coming from Platense in Primera B Nacional. They played their first pre-season friendly later that day, defeating Unión Santa Fe Reserves at home thanks to a Gabriel Ávalos goal. Ignacio Cacheiro and Federico Bravo departed on 24/25 June, penning contracts with Chacarita Juniors and Atlético Tucumán. They and Godoy Cruz drew in an exhibition fixture on 29 June, with a secondary encounter ending in a Godoy win. Matías Ibáñez was loaned from Lanús, while Gabriel Díaz was transferred from Ferro Carril Oeste on 29 June. However, Ferro later announced a deal was still being negotiated amid a new contract offer. Pablo Cortizo signed from Gimnasia y Esgrima (M) on 30 June.
Francisco Apaolaza's loan in from the previous season officially expired on 30 June. Lucas Ceballos moved to Mitre on 1 July, with Santiago Rosales coming into the team on loan from Racing Club later in the day. The incoming of Gabriel Díaz was made formal on 1 July, as Ferro communicated he had signed a new contract but would be loaned to Patronato. Gabriel Carabajal was sold to domestic rivals Unión Santa Fe on 4 July. Cristian Tarragona netted for the first time for Patronato on 4 July in a friendly with Colón. Agustín Guiffrey went on loan to Santamarina on 4 July. On 7 July, Renzo Vera headed off to Gimnasia y Esgrima (M). Banfield were defeated in pre-season on 9 July, in an encounter that followed a goalless draw between them earlier in the day.
Hugo Silveira, a Uruguayan centre-forward from Nacional, joined the club on 11 July. Patronato held Lanús to a friendly draw on 13 July, prior to beating them in a second fixture. Patronato made their thirteenth new signing on 16 July in Dardo Miloc from Aldosivi. Bruno Duarte went away on 17 July, deciding to sign for Tristán Suárez. Also on that date, Patronato had two goalless ties with Talleres in friendlies while Agustín Sandona left for Blooming in Bolivia. 25 July saw Jacobo Mansilla head to Gimnasia y Esgrima (M) in Primera B Nacional.
July
Patronato kicked off their 2019–20 Primera División campaign with a victory over Colón at the Estadio Brigadier General Estanislao López, as Christian Chimino scored on his debut for them on 27 July.
August
Agustín Sufi arrived on a free transfer from Gimnasia y Esgrima (J) on 1 August, with Nicolás Delgadillo coming in on loan from Vélez Sarsfield soon after. Patronato's Copa Argentina encounter with Independiente was postponed, due to their opponent's disagreements with CONMEBOL in regards to their Copa Sudamericana quarter-final tie. Patronato lost 2–0 to Boca Juniors on 4 August, after strikes from Eduardo Salvio and Carlos Tevez. Patronato beat Ateneo Inmaculada in a friendly on 7 August. Patronato, on 9 August, beat and lost to Colón Reserves in exhibitions. Lautaro Geminiani and Abel Peralta left for Independiente Rivadavia and Sarmiento on 13 August. Patronato made it two wins from three in the Primera División on 18 August, defeating Huracán.
Nicolás Pantaleone went to Uruguay with Danubio on 22 August. Patronato's first draw of the season came on 24 August, with the club taking a point off Rosario Central away from home. Patronato were eliminated from the Copa Argentina on 28 August, as Domingo Blanco netted for Independiente in Villa Mercedes. The two met again in the league days later, with Patronato managing to reverse the scoreline for three points.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
On 15 June 2019, Patronato announced friendlies with Unión Santa Fe Reserves, Godoy Cruz, Colón, Banfield and Lanús - with the first two taking place at the Estadio Presbítero Bartolomé Grella in Paraná, while the other three would see trips to Santa Fe and Buenos Aires. Exhibition encounters with Talleres were added to their schedule on 11 July.
Mid-season
Friendlies with Ateneo Inmaculada and Colón Reserves were scheduled on 6 August.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Independiente were drawn as Patronato's round of thirty-two opponents in the Copa Argentina.
Copa de la Superliga
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Club Atlético Patronato seasons
Patronato
The posterior grey column (posterior cornu, dorsal horn, spinal dorsal horn, posterior horn, sensory horn) of the spinal cord is one of the three grey columns of the spinal cord. It receives several types of sensory information from the body, including fine touch, proprioception, and vibration. This information is sent from receptors of the skin, bones, and joints through sensory neurons whose cell bodies lie in the dorsal root ganglion.
Anatomy
The posterior grey column is subdivided into six layers termed Rexed laminae I-VI
Marginal nucleus of spinal cord (lamina I)
Substantia gelatinosa of Rolando (lamina II)
Nucleus proprius (laminae III, IV)
Spinal lamina V, the neck of the posterior horn
Spinal lamina VI, the base of the posterior horn.
The other four Rexed laminae are located in the other two grey columns in the spinal cord.
Additional images
See also
Posterior column-medial lemniscus pathway
Posterior horn of lateral ventricles
Anterior grey column
References
Spinal cord
Neuroanatomy
Virginia Livia Frege, née Gerhardt (13 June 1818, Gera – 22 August 1891, Abtnaundoft) was a German singer (soprano), Prima Donna of the Leipzig Stadttheater, arts patron and co-founder of the Leipzig Bach Society. She was referred to as the "Queen of Leipzig's romantic song singing". Frege is best known for her performances of the works by Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy. Her repertoire included songs by Heinrich Marschner, Franz Schubert, Robert Schumann and Mendelssohn.
Early life and education
Livia Gerhardt was a daughter of the businessman Johann Christian Gerhardt (1764–1839) and Anna Christiane Friederike Bartholomäi. She was trained as a soprano by Christian August Pohlenz in Leipzig. In 1834, she took lessons from the singer Wilhelmine Schröder-Devrient in Dresden in order to perfect her skills.
Career
Livia Gerhardt made her debut on 9 July 1832 at the age of 14 in the Leipzig Gewandhaus in a concert by Clara Wieck with an aria and a duet by Ferdinando Paer. In October 1832, Livia Gerhardt received the position of second concert singer at the Gewandhaus in Leipzig. The next year, in 1933, she debuted as Amazili in Louis Spohr's Jessonda. In the following two years she performed 32 roles including Julia in I Capuleti e i Montecchi by Vincenzo Bellini, Alice in Robert le diable by Giacomo Meyerbeer, Page Cherubin in The Marriage of Figaro by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Rosine in The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini and others. In spring 1835, she made a guest appearance at the Weimar Theater and in July 1835 received an engagement at the Königsstädtische Theater in Berlin.
In 1935–1936, she was singing at the Berlin Royal Opera. Gerhardt went back to Leipzig after her marriage in 1836 with the lawyer Woldemar Frege and ended her stage career at the age of 18. Livia Frege only appeared occasionally after her marriage, mostly at charity and church concerts and in 1843 sang the role of Peri in the world premiere of Schumann's oratorio Das Paradies und die Peri op. 50.
Freges regularly welcomed musicians and their friends in their apartment at Bahnhofstrasse 6 (today Georgiring) in Leipzig and the summer residence in Abtnaundorf. Among the guests were Robert and Clara Schumann, Heinrich and Elizabeth von Herzogenberg, Conrad and Constanze Schleinitz, Felix Mendelssohn, Joseph Joachim, Ottto Nicolai, August Pohlenz and Hermann Hartel. A choir association with around 50 members regularly gathered in their house in the 1850s and 1860s. Livia Frege also used the Paulinerkirche for performances by her choir.
In June 1948 together with Julius Rietz, Ferdinand David and Heinrich Behr, Frege organized a charitable concert to support factory workers from Saxony where she performed works by Mendelssohn (An die Entfernte from Op. 71 No. 3) and Rietz (Was singt und sagt ihr mir and Elfe). The concerts held at Freges have influenced and to a great extent formed the tastes of the private music society. So, the Wagner's biographer Friedrich Glasenapp held Frege family and some other private musical circles accountable for Richard Wagner's rather unimpressive reception in Leipzig.
Personal life
In 1836 Livia Gerhardt married the lawyer Woldemar Frege. Her husband came from a very wealthy and important Leipzig merchant family. Livia and Woldemar Frege had two sons. The first, Viktor, died in 1841 at a young age. The second, Arnold Woldemar von Frege-Weltzin, later became a member of the Saxon Landtag and Reichstag.
Frege was friends with Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy, Robert and Clara Schumann as well as Ferdinand David and was also in a lively correspondence with Franz Liszt.
Honors
At the golden wedding anniversary in 1886, the Frege family received the hereditary title of nobility from King Albert of Saxony.
Liviastrasse in Leipzig's Waldstrasse district was named after Livia Frege in 1889.
Several works are dedicated to Livia Frege, including:
Felix Mendelssohn, Sechs Lieder op.57
Heinrich Marschner, Der Gefangene, for solo voice and pianoforte op.141 (first edition 1849)
Robert Schumann, Op. 36, 6 Gedichte (1840), (first edition in 1842)
Robert Schumann, Op. posth. 142, 4 Gesänge (1852), (first edition in 1858
Clara Schumann, 6 Lieder from "Jucunde" von Hermann Rollet for solo voice with pianoforte op. 23 (composed 1853, first edition 1856).
References
1818 births
1891 deaths
German operatic sopranos
19th-century German women opera singers
People from Gera
Saxon nobility
"Sub-Rosa Subway" is a song written by the Canadian rock band Klaatu, from their album 3:47 EST, describing the efforts of Alfred Ely Beach to create the Beach Pneumatic Transit, the New York City Subway's precursor. His work is described as secretive (hence sub rosa). The song peaked at No. 62 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1977.
The song is best known for sparking the rumour that the band was the Beatles in disguise.
Two minutes and fifty seconds into the song, a long message in Morse code plays in the background. John Woloschuk, in an article in the fan magazine The Morning Sun, finally provided a translation of the code:
"From Alfred, heed thy sharpened ear — A message we do bring — Starship appears upon our sphere — Through London's sky come spring."
The harpsichord sound on the song was created by recording a tack piano with the tape recorder running at half-normal speed.
Charts
Personnel
Album version
John Woloschuk - lead vocals, backing vocals, keyboards, bass guitar, percussion
Dee Long - backing vocals, electric guitar, synthesizer, telegraphy
Terry Draper - drums
Vern Dorge - chimes
Single version
John Woloschuk - lead vocals, keyboards, bass guitar, maracas, bongos
Dee Long - electric guitar, synthesizer, telegraphy
References
External links
Klaatu's official website
"Sub-Rosa Subway" lyrics
"Klaatu Identities and Beatles Rumors"
Klaatu (band) songs
1976 songs
Baroque pop songs
Capitol Records singles
Song recordings produced by Terry Brown (record producer)
Songs about New York City
Songs about trains
Shepherdswell (also Sibertswold) is a village in the civil parish of Shepherdswell with Coldred, and the Dover District of Kent, England.
Culture and community
Village social life centres on the local Grade I listed church 'Church of St Andrew', and the village hall which is hosts events including charity jumble sales and a pre-school playgroup. The village pub is the Grade II listed Bell by the village green, near to the church. Additionally the village has a Co-op mini-supermarket.
Shepherdswell is significant for the East Kent Railway, whose terminus is sited there. This was originally one of Colonel Stephens's lines and ran to Wingham. The section as far as Eythorne is now run by a preservation society. It has a mainline railway station named Shepherds Well with direct trains to Dover and London via Faversham.
The village is on the Miner's Way Trail. The trail links the coalfield parishes of East Kent. In the village it links with the North Downs Way, which also passes through the village between Whitfield and Woolage Village.
Sport
Shepherdswell is also home the "Shepherdswell Spartans Football Club". Football has been played in the village of Shepherdswell for at least 98 years. Originally the team was called Shepherdswell FC and played from about 1908 until 1965. The name of the next major club in the village was the Whitehall Spartans, who played for most of the 1970s; they became responsible for the name of today's current team. In 1983–84, a team was formed again and named after their then sponsors A1 Taxis which entered the Dover District Sunday League. By the start of the next season their name had reverted to Shepherdswell Spartans as the main team in the village. They took the name Spartans from the local pub, The Whitehall Inn, which was their social base until the pub was shut down in 1989.
Shepherdswell's cricket team is Shepherdswell C.C. The team plays "friendly" village fixtures from May to September each year against other Kent teams.
Both the football and cricket teams play on Shepherdswell Recreation Ground.
References
External links
http://www.british-history.ac.uk/report.aspx?compid=63577
http://www.kentchurches.info/church.asp?p=Shepherdswell
http://www.kentarchaeology.org.uk/Research/Libr/VisRec/S/SIB/Gallery.htm
Villages in Kent
Dover District
National Green Corps is a programme of the Ministry of Environment and Forests of Government of India covering around 1,20,000 schools in India with NGC School Eco Clubs. Environmental activity in schools in India is promoted through the National Green Corps. Each NGC School Eco Club has 30 to 50 NGC Students or NGC Cadets who form the National Green Corps. These NGC Students participate in activities related to Biodiversity Conservation, Water Conservation, Energy Conservation, Waste Management and Land Use Planning and Resource Management. Locale specific issues are focused on by the NGC Eco Clubs. To attract public attention and support, young girls and boys from NGC take up environmental awareness activities and outreach activities for an environmental cause or environmental intervention. Water Harvesting, Plantation, Composting of biodegradable waste are popular activities in the NGC School Eco Clubs. These NGC School Eco Clubs promote environmental discipline and environmental responsibility through the selected schools in India using environmental awareness as the medium. Each of the 250 districts in India has about 250 NGC Eco Clubs. These NGC Eco Clubs are provided with an annual grant of Rs2500. Each of the Indian State has a State Nodal Officer who implements this programme.
The NGC Children are making a huge impact in the country. Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Orissa, Kerala, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, Assam, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Tamil Nadu are some of the states where this programme is making huge impact on the society. Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have a separate directorate for conducting this programme, while all other states conduct this programme through one of those organizations which is interested in environmental awareness and conservation aspects. Telangana has much more involvement than any other state. They even own a website. In Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, Sikkim, Delhi and Himachal Pradesh the eco-club schools participate in the Green Schools Programme conducted by the Environment Education Unit of the Centre for Science and Environment. The eco-club schools that win awards at the state level go on to compete for the National Awards organized by Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) in Delhi.
Since school children are involved, most of the activities of National Green Corps children are linked to the culture and cultural aspects of conservation of natural resources and environment. There are Master Trainers trained by the State Nodal Agencies with the help of the State Resource Agencies who train the Teachers-In-Charge of the NGC Eco Clubs. Each district has the District Implementation and Monitoring Committee which is supported by the District Coordinator, while at the state level the State Nodal Officer is guided by the state level Committee.
This is the largest such programme anywhere in the world. When these trained NGC Students grow up and take the environmental challenges of this second the most populous country, it is expected that there will be huge difference made to the way the resources are consumed and conserved. Andhra Pradesh is trying to groom the NGC Cadets as an environmentally disciplined force. It has introduced Uniform and Band along with a structured programme of formation of five teams of cadets exclusively in all NGC School Eco Clubs. These NGC Cadets are the Green Brigade of the school, protecting the natural resources from misuse and promoting the conservation of the natural resources. These NGC Cadets are getting the pride place during the National Days when they participate in full NGC Uniform during the ceremonial parades along with other uniformed forces of the country.
The first ever National Conference of National Green Corps Eco Clubs is at Hyderabad from 26 to 29 August 2010.
See also
Gobar Times
References
External links
National Green Corps- Official website
Centre for Science and Environment- Official Website
Green Schools Program- Official Website
Environmental organisations based in India
Education in India
Environmental education
Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change
Yakapınar, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Clay Jam is a claymation mobile game created by UK developer Fat Pebble and published by Zynga for iOS and Android mobile devices. The handmade, stop-motion game was created in a UK garage by Fat Pebble developers. In the game, players guide a clay ball over a series of hills with the objective of squashing monsters on the way down. As of November 2018 the game is no longer available on the App Store and Google Play Store, along with Play-Doh Jam, their Play-Doh-related sequel.
Gameplay
The goal of the game is to squash as many clay monsters as possible. As the clay ball rolls down a hill, the ball grows larger and rolls faster as it squashes beasts. As the ball nears the end of the course, players try to flick it as far as possible. The further the ball goes, the more points a player scores, enabling them to unlock new levels, themes and monsters. The game includes a total of 130 quests and five hills to master.
The base game is free to play, and all the content can be unlocked by playing the game or through in-app purchases.
Development
Clay Jam is Brighton, England-based developer Fat Pebble's first game as an independent studio. To produce the game's graphics, art director Chris Roe modeled monsters out of 44 pounds of clay and used 400 toothpicks to scaffold the designs. Roe created the claymation scenes in his garage, taking 2040 stop-motion frames. Everyday objects were used to create the sound effects and local musicians were employed to produce the game's music. Zynga published Clay Jam on November 29, 2012, for iOS and Android as its first claymation title. The game is the fifth title in the Zynga Partners for Mobile program, Zynga's effort to help third parties publish mobile games while increasing Zynga's presence on mobile devices. Launched in June 2012, the partnership includes Fat Pebble, Atari, Crash Lab, Phosphor Games Studio and Sava Transmedia.
References
External links
2012 video games
Android (operating system) games
Free-to-play video games
IOS games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Zynga
Savinjek (, also spelled Savinek or Savinjk, and in older sources Zavinek) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Krško in northeastern Slovenia. It is now part of the village of Žabjek v Podbočju. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region.
Geography
Savinjek stands southeast of the village center of Žabjek v Podbočju.
History
Savinjek was annexed by Žabjek v Podbočju in 1953, ending its existence as an independent settlement.
References
External links
Savinjek (unmarked) with Žabjek at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Krško
Former settlements in Slovenia
Ridley Island is an island lying north of False Round Point, King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands. This island was known to both American and British sealers as early as 1822, and the name Ridley is well established in international usage.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
The Ringgold Depot, on what is now U.S. Route 41 in Ringgold, Georgia, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
It is a stone depot built as a station on the Western and Atlantic Railroad around 1850. Its sandstone walls were damaged in the American Civil War, and repairs used limestone blocks.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Catoosa County, Georgia
Buildings and structures completed in 1850
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in South Dakota refers to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and its members in South Dakota. The official church membership as a percentage of general population was 1.27% in 2014. According to the 2014 Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life survey, less than 1% of South Dakotans self-identify themselves most closely with the LDS Church. The LDS Church is the 8th largest denomination in South Dakota.
History
A brief history can be found at LDS Newsroom (South Dakota) or Deseret News 2010 Church Almanac (South Dakota)
The first Anglo-Saxons to settle in what is now South Dakota affiliated themselves with the LDS Church and settled at Fort Vermillion in 1845 to 1846. These settlers, among others, were sent to explore locations that would be suitable for a new home for the LDS Church as they experienced persecutions in Nauvoo, Missouri, and other areas further east.
In 2020, the LDS Church temporarily canceled services and other public gatherings in response to the spread of the coronavirus pandemic which resumed online and/or in person, depending on the congregation. The number of missionaries from the church sent to the Dakotas doubled during the pandemic.
Stakes
As of February 2022, the following stakes and congregations were located in South Dakota:
Rapid City South Dakota Stake
Belle Fourche Ward
Black Hills Ward
Canyon Lake Ward
Chadron Ward (Nebraska)
Faith Branch
Gordon Branch (Nebraska)
Hot Springs Branch
Mount Rushmore Ward
Philip Branch
Pierre Ward
Pine Ridge Branch
Rapid City Ward
Rapid Valley Ward
Rosebud Branch
Sioux Falls South Dakota Stake
Brandon Ward
Brookings Ward
Chamberlain Branch
Falls Park Ward
Huron Ward
Madison Branch
Marshall Ward (Minnesota)
Miller Branch
Mitchell Branch
Pipestone Branch (Minnesota)
Terrace Park Ward
Watertown Branch
Winner Branch
Worthington Branch (Minnesota)
Yankton Trail Ward
Other stakes with congregations in South Dakota:
Bismarck North Dakota Stake
Eagle Butte Branch
Gettysburg Branch
McLaughlin Branch
Fargo North Dakota Stake
Aberdeen Ward
Sioux City Iowa Stake
Vermillion Branch
Yankton Branch
Missions
The former South Dakota Rapid City Mission was renamed the North Dakota Bismarck Mission in 2015.
As of May 2021, the Nebraska Omaha Mission serves congregations in the Sioux Falls South Dakota Stake and the two North Dakota stakes shown above. The North Dakota Bismarck Mission serves congregations in the Rapid City South Dakota and the North Dakota stakes.
Temples
As of May 2021, congregations in the Sioux Falls South Dakota and the Sioux City Iowa stakes are in the Winter Quarters Nebraska Temple district. Congregations in the Rapid City South Dakota and the two North Dakota stakes shown above are in the Bismarck North Dakota Temple district.
See also
Religion in South Dakota
References
External links
Newsroom (South Dakota)
ComeUntoChrist.org Latter-day Saints Visitor site
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Official site
Christianity in South Dakota
Latter Day Saint movement in South Dakota
South Dakota
Werner Flechsig (June 8, 1900 - October 12, 1981) was a German physicist and television pioneer.
Life
Werner Flechsig was born on June 8, 1900 in Cologne, Germany. He began studying mathematics and physics at the Technical University of Hanover. He continued his education at the Georg August University of Göttingen. There, Flechsig assisted Robert Wichard Pohl. In 1925, Flechsig completed his doctorate with the dissertation "Knowledge of Photoelectric Primary Current in Crystals." In this document, Flechsig dealt with hot cathodes and photocells. He also considered the work of Pohl assistant Bernhard Gudden.
Flechsig became an employee of Fernseh-AG in Berlin, where he developed TV camera tubes. In 1936, he made the orthicon technology practical. At the Olympic summer games, orthicon camera tubes supplanted the earlier iconoscope tubes.
In 1937, the Internationale Funkausstellung of the Reichspost Research Institute displayed a color television method. (The
Internationale Funkausstellung is the International Radio Exposition.) The new color television method used two primary colors.
The process failed to produce satisfactory pictures. Members of the organization discussed developing a more accurate method to produce a full-color display: Additive color mixing with three primary colors.
Flechsig invented the principle of color picture generation with shadow-mask picture tubes., He registered his shadow-mask process in July 1938 as a German Reichspatent. The patent title was "Cathode Ray Tube for the Development of Multicolored Pictures on a Fluorescent Screen." An exhibit at the 1939 Internationale Funkausstellung Berlin displayed a prototype of Flechsig's color television receiver.
The war put an end to technical implementation of Flechsig's shadow mask picture tube. The Radio Corporation of America produced the first commercial realization in 1949.
Flechsig was an honorary member of the Television and Cinema Engineering Society.
Werner Flechsig died on October 12, 1981 in Wolfenbüttel.
Writings
"Knowledge of Photoelectric Primary Current in Crystals," 1926, dissertation.
"About the Saturation of Photoelectric Primary Current in Crystals," 1928.
"Cathode Ray Tube for Development of Multicolored Pictures on a Fluorescent Screen," 1938, Reichspatent 736,575.
Bibliography
History of Electronic Entertainment, David L. Morton, 1999.
Physical Sheets 37, No. 5, 1981.
Andreas Fickers: "Politics of Grandeur" versus "Made in Germany." Political Cultural History of Technology, Using the Example of the PAL-SECAM Controversy. Oldenbourg, Munich 2007, .
Footnotes
External links
Werner Flechsig: First Practical Color CRT, 1938
Internationale Funkausstellung Berlin, "History" section (IFA)IFA Berlin#History
The story of the shadow mask picture tubemask
20th-century German inventors
1900 births
Scientists from Cologne
1981 deaths
20th-century German physicists
University of Hanover alumni
University of Göttingen alumni
Randy Degg (born September 28, 1984) is a former American football player. He played as a center for Northwood University. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Fort Wayne Fusion in 2007.
College career
He played as a center for Northwood University. During his junior and senior seasons he was named to the NCAA Division II All-American team. He was a teammate of Robert Height.
Professional career
Fort Wayne Fusion
He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Fort Wayne Fusion in 2007.
Amarillo Dusters
Degg started as the team's center in 2008.
Saginaw Sting
Degg returned to the state of Michigan, and played with many of his former college teammates again, as the Saginaw Sting were preparing to move to the Indoor Football League after a 2008 CIFL Championship victory.
Jacksonville Sharks
In 2009, Degg signed with the Jacksonville Sharks. He is the franchises only Center, and started all 16 regular season games and one playoff game for the Sharks. Degg also doubles as the Sharks' long-snapper for the kicking game. In 2011 Degg was named first team All AFL and won the ArenaBowl with the Jacksonville Sharks.
External links
Jacksonville Sharks Bio
1984 births
Living people
American football centers
American football defensive linemen
American football long snappers
Fort Wayne Fusion players
Amarillo Dusters players
Jacksonville Sharks players
People from Pinconning, Michigan
Players of American football from Michigan
Northwood Timberwolves football players
Saginaw Sting players
A Night in the Town is a 1913 silent short film directed by Phillips Smalley and starring Pearl White and Chester Barnett. This film was released as a split-reel with An Innocent Bridegroom. Both films are preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
Cast
Pearl White
Chester Barnett
References
External links
A Night in the Town at IMDb.com
1913 films
American black-and-white films
Universal Pictures short films
American silent short films
1913 short films
Silent American comedy films
1913 comedy films
1910s American films
Kevin Systrom (born December 30, 1983) is an American computer programmer and entrepreneur. He co-founded Instagram, the world's largest photo sharing website, along with Mike Krieger.
Systrom was included on the list of America's Richest Entrepreneurs Under 40 2016. Under Systrom as CEO, Instagram became a fast growing app, with 800 million monthly users as of September 2017. He resigned as the CEO of Instagram on September 24, 2018.
Meta Platforms (then Facebook, Inc.) bought Instagram for $1 billion in 2012, a large sum at that time for a company that had 13 employees. Instagram today has over one billion users and contributes over $20 billion to Meta Platforms's annual revenue.
Early life and education
Systrom was born in 1983 in Holliston, Massachusetts. He is the son of Diane, a marketing executive at Zipcar, who also worked at Monster and Swapit during the first dotcom bubble, and Douglas Systrom, Vice President in Human Resources at TJX Companies.
Systrom attended Middlesex School in Concord, Massachusetts, where he was introduced to computer programming. His interest grew from playing Doom 2 and creating his own levels as a child.
He worked at Boston Beat, a vinyl record music store in Boston, while he was in high school.
Systrom attended Stanford University and graduated in 2006 with a bachelor's degree in management science and engineering. At Stanford, he was a member of the Sigma Nu fraternity. He turned down a recruitment offer from Mark Zuckerberg and instead spent the winter term of his third year in Florence, where he studied photography.
He got his first taste of the startup world when he was chosen as one of twelve students to participate in the Mayfield Fellows Program at Stanford University. The fellowship led to his internship at Odeo, the company that eventually gave rise to Twitter.
Career
Google
After graduating from Stanford, he joined Google working on Gmail, Google Calendar, Docs, Spreadsheets and other products. He spent two years at Google as a product marketer; Systrom left Google out of frustration of not being moved into the Associate Product Manager program.
Burbn
He made the prototype of what later became Burbn and pitched it to Baseline Ventures and Andreessen Horowitz at a party. He came up with the idea while on a vacation in Mexico when his girlfriend was unwilling to post her photos because they did not look good enough when taken by the iPhone 4 camera. The solution to the problem was to use filters, effectively hiding the qualitative inferiority of the photographs. Subsequently, Systrom developed the X-Pro II filter that is still in use on Instagram today.
After the first meeting, he decided to quit his job in order to explore whether or not Burbn could become a company. Within 2 weeks of quitting his job, he received US$500,000 seed funding round from both Baseline Ventures and Andreessen Horowitz. While in San Francisco, Systrom and Mike Krieger built Burbn, an HTML 5 check-in service, into a product that allowed users to do many things: check into locations, make plans (future check-ins), earn points for hanging out with friends, post pictures, and much more. However, recalling their studies in Mayfield Fellows Program, Krieger and Systrom identified that Burbn contained too many features and the users did not want a complicated product. They decided to focus on one specific feature, photo-sharing. The development of Burbn led to creation of Instagram. A month after launching, Instagram had grown to 1 million users. A year later, Instagram hit more than 10 million users.
Instagram
In 2010, Systrom co‑founded the photo-sharing and, later, video-sharing social networking service Instagram with Mike Krieger in San Francisco, California.
In April 2012, Instagram, along with 13 employees, was sold to Facebook for US$1 billion in cash and stock. According to multiple reports, the deal netted Systrom US$400 million based on his ownership stake in the business. One of the key contributions to the acquisition was that Mark Zuckerberg stated Facebook was "committed to building and growing Instagram independently", allowing Systrom to continue to lead Instagram. Systrom stated in an interview with Bloomberg that the pros of becoming a part of Facebook were that "we got to pair up with a juggernaut of a company that understands how to grow, understands how to build a business, has one of the best, if not the best, management team in tech and we got to use them as our resource".
In an interview with Forbes, he stated that "Instagram is a new form of communication that's an ideal fit with the always-with-you iPhone in today's social media world. Instagram's a social network built around photos, where people can quickly comment on or 'like' photos and share them on Twitter or Facebook." Systrom identified Instagram as a media company, which explains the roll-out of video advertisement by big companies such as The Walt Disney Company, Activision, Lancôme, Banana Republic and CW in late 2014.
On September 24, 2018, it was announced that Systrom resigned from Instagram and would be leaving in few weeks.
Views on copying ideas in the industry
Instagram has been accused on multiple occasions for copying various new functions from its closest competitor Snapchat. Regarding the issue, Systrom argued that all new services launched by tech companies nowadays are "remixes" of existing products, and that "all of these ideas are original when you remix them and bring your own flavour". Systrom also argued that 'you can trace the roots of every feature anyone has in their app, somewhere in the history of technology' and that this was simply 'just the way Silicon Valley works.'
Forbes list
In 2014, Systrom was listed in the Forbes 30 "Under 30" list under the "Social/Mobile category."
In 2016, the magazine ranked Systrom as a billionaire with an estimated net worth of US$1.1 billion. The fortune came about as a result of Facebook stocks rising more than 500%.
Personal life
In February 2016, Systrom met with Pope Francis at the Vatican, where they discussed the power of images in uniting people "across borders, cultures and generations".
On October 31, 2016, Systrom married Nicole Systrom (née Schuetz), founder and CEO of clean-energy investment firm Sutro Energy Group, in Napa, California. The two met at Stanford and were engaged in 2014.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Businesspeople from the San Francisco Bay Area
American technology chief executives
American technology company founders
American computer programmers
Facebook employees
Google employees
American billionaires
Stanford University alumni
21st-century American engineers
Sajood Sailani (born Ghulam Mohammed Wani; 1936 17 November 2020) was a Kashmiri playwright, painter, theater artist, cartoonist and a poet. He is primarily recognized for his radio plays written in regional languages. He produced his work in Urdu and Kashmiri languages and wrote about 150 radio plays, 27 stage dramas and 40 comedies throughout his career. In the latter years of his career, he wrote a play titled Kaej Raath, leading him to become the recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award under Kashmiri category in 1994. He also served as a member of Sahitya Akademi's advisory board from 1973 to 1977 and in 1990.
He was born as Ghulam Mohammed Wani around 1936 in Dalgate Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir. He is survived by three children, including two sons Showkat Shehri (playwright and writer) and Manzoor Ahmad (psychiatrist) and a daughter.
Biography
He played a prominent role in popularizing modern Kashmiri theatre during 70s and 80s when he established Wani Art Gallery. He started his career after being inspired by the India Radio's night show Hawa Mahal programme. He later recorded nohakhwaani (tragedy of Husayn ibn Ali) at Radio Kashmir Srinagar (in modern-day AIR Srinagar). He also wrote some uncertain scripts of noha depicting battle of Karbala.
He originally started his career when he was studying in 10th class. It is believed that he never attended any college for further studies. He initially started writing short sketch comedies for the India Radio and later worked for the Radio Kashmir Srinagar where he produced most of his literary work, including prominent dramas such as Kaej Raath (Dumb Night), Gaashe Taaruk (Guiding Star), and Ropye Rood (Money shower). His prominent dramas include Zalur (spider), Vutri binyul (catastrophe), Fundbaz (swindler) and Tentykor (Catgut) among others.
As a painter, he established Wani Art Gallery and subsequently became the recipient of an uncertain cultural award conferred by the government of Jammu and Kashmir's department Cultural Academy in 1970. He is sometimes considered as the only Kashmiri writer till this century who wrote a radio play in Bhojpuri language.
Awards
Death
He was suffering from chronic condition for some years and died on 17 November 2020 in Zafran Colony residence of Srinagar. He is buried in Pandrethan, cemetery of Srinagar.
References
1936 births
2020 deaths
Kashmiri poets
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Kashmiri
20th-century Indian poets
Dramatists and playwrights from Jammu and Kashmir
Painters from Jammu and Kashmir
Indian editorial cartoonists
Heinrich der Glïchezäre (i.e. the hypocrite, in the sense of one who adopts a strange name or pseudonym; also called Heinrich der Gleißner) was a Middle High German poet from Alsace, author of a narrative poem, Reinhart Fuchs (Reynard), the oldest German beast epic that we possess.
The date of its composition is about 1180. It is based on a French poem, part of an extensive Roman de Renart, but older than any of the branches of this romance that have come down to us. Of the German poem in its original form entitled Isengrînes nôt (Isengrin's trouble), only a few fragments are preserved in a mutilated manuscript discovered in 1839 in the Hessian town of Melsungen. We possess, however, a complete version made by an unknown hand in the thirteenth century and preserved in two manuscripts, one at Heidelberg and one belonging to the archiepiscopal library of Kalocsa. This version is very faithful, the changes made therein pertaining apparently only to form and versification. Its title is Reinhart Fuchs.
In the beginning of this poem the fox is anything but a successful impostor, being generally outwitted by far weaker animals. But later on these changes. Reynard plays outrageous pranks on most of the animals, especially on Isengrin, the wolf, but escapes punishment by healing the sick lion. This is the fox accomplishes at the expense of his adversaries. In the end he poisons the lion, his benefactor, and the poem closes with a reflection on the success attending craft and falsehood while honesty goes unrewarded.
The story is told in a plain, straightforward manner; compared with the French model the German poem shows abbreviations as well as additions, so that it is not a mere translation. The order in which the different incidents are related has also been changed, and occasional touches of satire are not wanting. The poem of der Glichezare is the only beast-epic of Middle High German literature. The famous later versions of this material are Low German. It is on one of these latter that Goethe based his Reineke Fuchs. The complete poem (from the Heidelberg manuscript) was edited by Jacob Grimm under the title Reinhart Fuchs (Berlin, 1834), and together with the older fragments by K. Reissenberger in Paul's Altdeutsche Textbibliothek, VII (Halle, 1886). The Kalocsa manuscript was published by Mailáth and Köffinger (Budapest, 1817). Selections are found in P. Piper's Die Spielmannsdichtung (in Kurschner, Deutsche National literatur, II), pt. I, 287-315.
References
cites:
BÜTTNER, Der Reinhart Fuchs und seine franzosische Quelle (Strasbourg, 1891).
External links
by David Blamires in The Modern Language Review, Vol. 78, No. 4 (Oct., 1983), pp. 961–963
Fabulists
Alsatian-German people
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Reynard cycle
German male poets
Middle High German literature
12th-century German poets
Schuylkill River Park is a swath of land owned by the Philadelphia Department of Parks and Recreation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It encompasses most of the area bordered by 25th Street and the Schuylkill River (more exactly the CSX Tracks) between Manning and Delancey Streets and the area bordered by the Schuylkill River and 26th Street between Delancey and Pine Streets. Some of this land was held by the Department of Recreation (Tennis Courts, Playground, Basketball Courts, Bike Polo / Street Hockey Area, and Recreation Center) prior to its recent merger with the Fairmount Park. In addition, the merged Department of Parks and Recreation owns the land from Taney Street to the Schuylkill River between Pine and the end of Schuylkill Pocket Veterans Memorial Field as well as O'Connor Pool. It also encompasses the Schuylkill River Park Community Garden, which is on land owned by the Department of Parks and Recreation and managed by the Center City Residents' Association. The area connects with the Schuylkill River Trail via a pedestrian bridge, which was completed in October 2012.
Friends of Schuylkill River Park
The Friends of Schuylkill River Park is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that works to improve Schuylkill River Park, the Markward Recreation Center and Taney Field. Past accomplishments include a complete renovation of Markward Playground, planting many new trees, helping to coordinate the renovation of 25th and Delancey, refurbishing Park Benches, and many others.
See also
List of parks in Philadelphia
References
External links
Friends of Schuylkill River Park
Schuylkill River Park Community Garden
Fairmount Park
Philadelphia Department of Recreation
Municipal parks in Philadelphia
Center City, Philadelphia
Sir Iain Charles Robert McCullough (31 July 1931 – 9 October 2018) was a British barrister and judge. He was a judge of the High Court of Justice (Queen's Bench Division) from 1981 to 1998.
References
https://www.ukwhoswho.com/view/10.1093/ww/9780199540891.001.0001/ww-9780199540884-e-25461
1931 births
2018 deaths
Knights Bachelor
Queen's Bench Division judges
Members of the Middle Temple
Stories of Our Lives is a Kenyan film, released in 2014. Created by the members of The Nest Collective, a Nairobi-based arts collective, the film is an anthology of five short films dramatizing true stories of LGBT life in Kenya.
Plot
The five vignettes that make up the film are as follows:
Ask Me Nicely
Kate (Kelly Gichohi), a rebellious young high school student—encounters Faith, a fellow student in the school corridors. They begin a secret relationship, until the school principal takes action to separate the two by suspending Kate from the school. While away from the school, Kate impulsively has a sexual encounter with a boy in her neighborhood. Upon her return, Kate tells Faith about the encounter with the boy. This annoys Faith, leading to an end of their relationship.
Run
After negotiating a business deal with a disc duplicator, Patrick (Paul Ogola) stumbles upon a local gay bar while walking with his best friend, Kama. Kama expresses negative sentiments about the bar as they walk past it. Patrick later returns to the club for a night out, hoping no one will find out. Kama spots Patrick leaving the bar, and they have a violent confrontation about it. Patrick runs away to escape the fight.
Athman
farmworkers Ray and Athman have been close friends for years. Hurt by Athman's flirtatious relationship with newcomer Fiona, Ray has an awkward conversation with Athman about their relationship. Athman reiterates that he isn't interested in a sexual relationship with Ray. They reconcile, then Ray asks Athman whether he can kiss him. Athman is taken aback by the question and leaves, uncomfortable. The two reconcile again the next day, but Ray decides to leave the farm.
Duet
Jeff (Mugambi Nthiga), a researcher visiting the UK for a conference—hires escort Roman for an hour-long session in his hotel room. Roman (Louis Brooke) arrives, and sensing Jeff's anxiety, he attempts to calm him down. Jeff asks if they can talk a little before engaging in any physical activity. The two sit and have a conversation about inter-race relations. Roman then offers to give Jeff a massage, which causes Jeff to be less anxious. The two proceed to then make out.
Each Night I Dream
Liz (Rose Njenga), visualizes dramatic escape plans for herself and partner Achi when local legislators threaten to enforce anti-gay laws.
Production
Stories of Our Lives began as a documentation project by the Nest Collective. The collective travelled around Kenya, recording audio interviews with persons identifying as LGBTIQ. These recordings formed the basis for the film vignettes. The film's $15,000 came from Uhai/EASHRI - an East African sexual rights fund based in Nairobi, Kenya - and was shot by the collective over a period of eight months using a single Canon DSLR video camera.
Release
Because the legal status of homosexuality in Kenya could have put the members of the collective at risk of arrest, the individual members of the collective remained anonymous in the film's credits. When the film premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2014, three of the collective's members — Jim Chuchu, George Gachara and Njoki Ngumi — opted to reveal their names in an interview with Toronto's LGBT newspaper Xtra!.
Controversy
The film was rejected for distribution and screening in Kenya by the Kenya Film Classification Board, on the grounds that the film "promotes homosexuality, which is contrary to national norms and values" of Kenya. Executive producer Gachara was subsequently arrested on charges of violating the country's Films and Stage Plays Act by purportedly shooting the film without a license from the Kenyan Department of Film Services. The charges against Gachara were dropped by March 2015, although the film itself has remained banned in Kenya.
Critical response
Stories of Our Lives has received positive reviews. Reviews from the Huffington Post described the film as an "intimate, masterly portrayal of Kenya's LGBT community" and "one of the most triumphant and stunning films of the year". Reviews from IndieWire also described the film as "a beautiful little film about love, about humanity, about one of the many facets of what it means to be African".
The film won a Jury Prize from the Teddy Award jury at the 65th Berlin International Film Festival and came second in the Panorama Audience Award.
Music
The film's original score and some songs were composed and produced by the film's director, Jim Chuchu. Jim Chuchu's tracks were released as a free download on Bandcamp on September 24, 2014.
References
External links
2014 films
2014 LGBT-related films
2014 drama films
Kenyan LGBT-related films
LGBT-related drama films
Short film compilations
Swahili-language films
Anthology films
Kenyan drama films
LGBT-related controversies in film
Film controversies in Kenya
The men's road race at the 2001 UCI Road World Championships was the 68th edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 14 October 2001 in Lisbon, Portugal on a circuit. The race was won by Óscar Freire of Spain.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
During the 1973–74 English football season, Everton F.C. competed in the Football League First Division. They finished 7th in the table with 44 points.
Final League Table
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GA = Goal average; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results
Football League First Division
FA Cup
League Cup
Texaco Cup
Squad
>
References
1973-74
Everton F.C. season
John Crichton (7 July 1917 – 7 January 1993) was a New Zealand furniture and interior designer.
Early life
Crichton was born in Bombay in 1917 and moved to England as a child. He studied at Birmingham College of Art. During World War II, he served as an official war photographer with the rank of Captain in the Royal Warwickshire Regiment, 1939–1945, assigned to the Fourteenth Army in Burma.
Design
He moved to New Zealand in 1949, establishing John Crichton Limited, a business and shop located on Kitchener Street in Auckland. He offered interior design services and designed and sold furniture. According to Douglas Lloyd Jenkins, Crichton "can lay claim to being the father of the modern New Zealand interior…" showing New Zealanders "how to blend a fascination with the materials and textures of the Pacific with the international vision of modern design."
He was elected to membership of the New Zealand Society of Industrial Designers (NZSID) soon after its establishment in 1960, and served on its council to 1966.
Crichton died in New Zealand on 7 January 1993, and he was buried at Purewa Cemetery, Auckland.
Collections
Examples of is work are held in the collections of museums of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
References
1917 births
1993 deaths
British people in colonial India
Alumni of the Birmingham School of Art
Royal Warwickshire Fusiliers officers
War photographers
British emigrants to New Zealand
New Zealand furniture designers
New Zealand industrial designers
New Zealand interior designers
New Zealand photographers
People from Auckland
Burials at Purewa Cemetery
Sara Ballingall (born c. 1972–1973) is a Canadian former actress. She is best known for playing Melanie Brodie in the teen drama television series Degrassi Junior High and Degrassi High.
Acting career
On Degrassi, Ballingall played the role of Melanie Brodie, a "skinny schoolgirl with crooked teeth" who had romantic feelings towards Archie "Snake" Simpson, played by Stefan Brogren. She was named a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador along with her co-stars in April 1989. Ballingall left the series in 1990.
References
Sources
1972 births
Canadian television actresses
Actresses from Toronto
Living people
L2F, or Layer 2 Forwarding, is a tunneling protocol developed by Cisco Systems, Inc. to establish virtual private network connections over the Internet. L2F does not provide encryption or confidentiality by itself; It relies on the protocol being tunneled to provide privacy. L2F was specifically designed to tunnel Point-to-Point Protocol (PPP) traffic.
Use
Virtual dial-up allows many separate and autonomous protocol domains to share common access infrastructure including modems, Access Servers, and ISDN routers. RFCs prior to 2341 have specified protocols for supporting IP dial-up via SLIP and multiprotocol dial-up via PPP.
L2F packet structure
Other VPN protocols
IPsec
L2TP Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol
OpenVPN
PPTP Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol
References
External links
L2F on Cisco.com
VPDN on Cisco.com
L2TP on Cisco.com
RFC2341 on IETF.org
RFC2341 on RFC Archive
Cisco protocols
John Charles Bond-Andrews (14 December 1854 – 27 April 1899) was an English composer, pianist, music arranger, conductor and musician.
Early life
John Charles Bond-Andrews was born in Birkenhead, Cheshire. He was the eldest son of John Stephen Andrews, physician, and Mary Teresa (née Meacock). When he was a boy his mother took him to Europe to be educated in music, he attended the Conservatorium of Music in Leipzig during the Franco-Prussian War. In between his music lessons he occasionally wrote poetry. The house where he was staying with his mother and brother also billeted German soldiers. He studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London and reputedly studied at the Royal Music Academy of Vienna. In 1876 on his return from Europe he gave recitals in Birkenhead and other cities; he was a success as a pianist in London.
Career
In the 1880s, Bond-Andrews gave minor concerts in the country, which were unsuccessful, and in town, which were successful. He was a music tutor to Lady Louisa Ashburton and other minor notable people of the time, before joining Albert Chevalier in the 1890s. He helped arranged tours with Albert Chevalier and accompanied him on the Ireland 1895 tour. He also acted as conductor for other opera companies while on tour, with the Carl Rosa Opera Company among others.
He had taken the popular excerpt "My Lady Sleeps" from Longfellow's The Spanish Student, and arranged it for voice and string quartet as well as piano and violin or flute obbligato. This music can still be heard today in a private collection. He composed Herne's Oak, produced at Liverpool, October 1887; The Rose of Windsor, Accrington, August 1889; an operetta, A Pair of Lunatics in 1892, Quartet in B-flat, Trio in D minor, pianoforte and strings, and Sonata in G minor, May Pole suite, and many other pieces for pianoforte.
In 1895 he arranged and composed music for the first act of The Importance of Being Earnest for a musical event. On 26 May 1896 he performed for the Prince and Princess of Wales at a gala opening of the West wing of the West London Hospital. While riding high on this major success and others, Bond-Andrews was struck down by an illness that ended his life in the spring of 1899. He died in the West London Hospital, and is buried in Fulham Cemetery with his mother, who had died 18 months before.
Personal life
On 28 May 1881 John Charles Bond-Andrews married Ellen Jane Trusty (1864–1927). They had five children, Joseph, Richard, Mary, Henry and Isabelle.
His mother married again in 1874 to Charles deWolfe King, who accompanied Bond-Andrews as a singer at some of the events he attended as a piano player. His half-brother was Otis Carter Formby King (1876–1944), the inventor.
He was a member of the Savage Club and the New Lyric Club.
Bibliography
1854 births
1899 deaths
English classical composers
English classical pianists
English conductors (music)
British male conductors (music)
19th-century British composers
19th-century conductors (music)
19th-century classical pianists
19th-century English musicians
Hlínoviště is a village in the Mladá Boleslav District, Czech Republic. It is an administrative part of Bělá pod Bezdězem, and located about 4.3 km west of the town. There are 97 registered addresses, with a total of 179 inhabitants.
References
Neighbourhoods in the Czech Republic
Populated places in Mladá Boleslav District
Brothers in Law may refer to:
Sibling-in-law, a person related to another by being the sibling of a spouse or the spouse of a sibling
Brothers in Law (novel), a 1955 British novel
Brothers in Law (film), a 1957 film adaptation
Brothers in Law (TV series), a 1962 television series based on the novel
Brothers in Law (Radio series) adapted from the TV series by Richard Waring
The Brothers-in-Law, a Canadian musical group
The Brother-in-Law, an 1817 play by Henry Card
The Gate of Time is an alternate history novel by American writer Philip José Farmer. It was first published in paperback editions by Belmont Books in the United States in October 1966 and by Quartet in the United Kingdom in September 1974. Later it was revised and expanded as Two Hawks from Earth, in which form it was first published, also in paperback by Ace Books, in May 1979. This edition was reprinted by Berkley Books in July 1985. A trade paperback edition was published by MonkeyBrain Books with a new afterword by Christopher Paul Carey in May 2009.
An authorized sequel, Man of War: A Two Hawks Adventure, was written by Heidi Ruby Miller and published in 2017.
Plot summary
Roger Two Hawks, an Iroquois serving as a combat pilot in World War II, is shot down during a raid on Ploieşti, Romania. While parachuting he feels a strange dizziness. Being hidden by locals, he realises that they neither look nor speak like Romanians, but rather resemble Native Americans and speak a language distantly resembling that of his own
tribe.
The mystery is resolved when he sees a globe and finds that he is in a world where the continent of America does not exist, having been drowned for the whole of humanity's tenure on Earth. As a result, the ancestors of the various Native American tribes did not cross the non-existent Bering Strait but wandered westward into Europe, taking the general place of the Slavs in our history. "Hatti" (Greece) was colonised by the Hittites of our timeline, while Akhaivia (Italy) was colonised by the Greeks instead of the Sabines, Latins, Voluscans and Samnites. The Iroquois live in Romania and Ukraine, which is known as Hotinohsonih in this timeline, while the Algonquin occupy Kinukkinuk, roughly co-terminous with our Czech Republic and the Aztecs dominate an equivalent of Russia. "Blodland" is analogous to England, while "Norland" is roughly parallel to Scotland. "Rasna" is cognate with France and Belgium (apart from Normandy, which is "Grettirsland"). "New Crete" is comparable to the Iberian peninsula, "Doria" matches the Balkan region on our world, and "Saariset" (Japan) is dominated by Finnish speakers. "Dravidia" is India's equivalent in this universe and is a major military power.
While a charismatic Irish religious figure, Hemilka, arose in the fourteenth century in this world, which therefore has a surprising analogue to Christianity as a result, Hemilkism is not an imperialist faith and does not similarly dominate its world.
Though very different from our world, in this reality, too, a war is going on resembling the one which Two Hawks left behind, with Perkunisha, an alternate aggressive Germany-analogue trying to conquer Europe, the Middle East and Northern Africa (though its dominant people are not Germanic but rather Lithuanian). It has already occupied geographical areas analogous to our timeline's Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark and Poland as a consequence, although not Tyrsland (Sweden). Without North America, the Gulf Stream flows differently and Europe is perceptibly colder in winter. In addition, horses, tobacco, turkeys, camels, rubber and chocolate originated in the Americas, and thus none exist in this timeline.
Two Hawks very quickly gets involved. His knowledge and abilities are very much in demand, since this world does not yet have heavier-than-air flight, and its possession could decide the war. However, without military assistance from any United States equivalent, the war is going badly for the anti-Perkunishan allies. He goes through a very fast-paced series of adventures, involving such elements as Hittites who survived into the 20th century, a Luftwaffe pilot who also ended up in this world, an England which had never known a Roman Empire nor a Norman Conquest but has many Cretan and Semitic elements in its makeup, an unknown chapter in the life of Elizabethan adventurer Humphrey Gilbert, an Arab-colonised South Africa (known as Ikhwan) and Hivika, a mysterious island on the site of our world's Colorado, where an underground Polynesian temple is to be found, suggesting that Polynesians colonised the North American archipelago in the thirteenth century. Two Hawks also experiences a most tempestuous love affair. At the book's end, it is disclosed that Two Hawks is actually not from our alternate world, but from one where Kaiser Wilhelm IV (rather than Adolf Hitler) controls an expansionist, imperialist Germany in its Second World War.
References
1966 American novels
American alternate history novels
Novels by Philip José Farmer
1966 science fiction novels
Ace Books books
Fictional Iroquois people
Reidar Lorentzen (born 22 September 1956) is a Norwegian javelin thrower. He was born in Hammerfest, and represented the club IK Tjalve. He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
People from Hammerfest
Norwegian male javelin throwers
Olympic athletes of Norway
Athletes (track and field) at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Troms og Finnmark
Mark Forrest (born 3 December 1996) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward.
Career
College and amateur
Forrest played four years of college soccer at Lehigh University between 2015 and 2018, making 73 appearances, scoring 41 goals and tallying 21 assists.
Forrest also played with Premier Development League side Lehigh Valley United in 2017 and Reading United AC in 2018.
Professional
On 14 January 2019, Forrest was selected 77th overall in the 2019 MLS SuperDraft by Chicago Fire.
Forrest signed his first professional deal with USL Championship club Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC on 29 March 2019.
Personal
Forrest was born in England, before his family moved to Douglassville, Pennsylvania when he was 5 years old. He is a 2015 graduate of The Hill School
References
1996 births
Living people
English footballers
American soccer players
Association football forwards
Lehigh Mountain Hawks men's soccer players
Lehigh Valley United players
Reading United A.C. players
Chicago Fire FC draft picks
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
Soccer players from Pennsylvania
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
The Hill School alumni
Acer oblongum, common name Himalayan maple, evergreen maple and Kashmir maple, is an evergreen Asian species of maple belonging to the soapberry family.
Description
Acer oblongum is a medium-sized evergreen to semi-deciduous tree reaching a height of approximately . Unique among maples, this plant stays green all winter. The trunks are buttressed, with a smooth to wrinkled bark. Leaves are opposite, ovate-lanceolate with entire margin, with a petiole 5–12 cm long, with glaucous-green underside and dark green upperside. The young shoots are reddish bronze and finely hairy. The flowers are hermaphroditic, small and inconspicuous, about 4 mm, greenish white, gathered in hairy racemes. The fruits are represented by the typical two-winged samaras, about 2.5 cm long, wind dispersed. It has been introduced for its wood and it is sometimes cultivated in large gardens for its evergreen foliage.
Distribution
Acer oblongum is widespread across central, eastern, and southeastern Asia, from Tibet and northern India east as far as Japan, including southern China, and northern Indochina.
Habitat
Acer oblongum prefers humid climate of the Himalayan forests, especially along streams, at an elevation of about above sea level.
References
External links
Flowers of India
Oregon State University
Dipbot, Hortus Botanicus Catinensis, Botanical Department - University of Catania photo
oblongum
Trees of Asia
Plants described in 1824
Trees of Nepal
The Local Mail Transfer Protocol (LMTP) is an alternative to (Extended) Simple Mail Transfer Protocol for situations where the receiving side does not have a mail queue, such as a message transfer agent acting as a message delivery agent. LMTP was described in in 1996.
Overview
Mail queues are an inherent requisite of SMTP. In situations in which mail queues are not possible, LMTP is desirable, since a mail storage server should manage only its mail store without having to allocate more storage for a mail queue. This is not possible with SMTP when there are multiple recipients for a mail message. SMTP can only indicate successful delivery or failure for all or none of the recipients, creating the need for a separate queue to handle the failed recipients.
LMTP, on the other hand, can indicate success or failure to the client for each recipient, allowing the client to handle the queueing instead. The client in this case would typically be an Internet-facing mail gateway. LMTP is not intended for use over wide area networks. In other words, the message transfer agent (MTA) still handles all outgoing mail, including the mail stream from the LMTP, to another mail server located somewhere on the Internet.
LMTP is an Application Layer protocol of the Internet Protocol Suite. It can use a Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) transport like SMTP, but must not use port number 25, the well-known port for SMTP. Usage of port 24 ("any private mail system") is common among some mail server applications however.
Differences from SMTP
LMTP conversation syntax is based on the same commands as SMTP (formerly called Extended SMTP) with the following exceptions:
LMTP must not be used on port 25, reserved for SMTP
LMTP uses LHLO verb instead of EHLO or HELO used in SMTP
ESMTP requires a single status for the entire message body. LMTP requires a response for each previously successful RCPT command. That is, in case of multiple recipients, after the body of the message has been transmitted, LMTP can still fail for some recipient while succeeding for the others. With this facility, LMTP can fail if a user is over quota without the burden of generating bounce messages.
The key difference is that LMTP will reject a message for a specific final recipient if it is not immediately deliverable. This removes the need for a mail queue. For this reason, LMTP is not run on the standard TCP port of SMTP.
References
Internet mail protocols
The Holy Towel is a tempera painting completed by Emmanuel Tzanes. He was a representative of the Late Cretan School and the Heptanese School. His one brother was famous painter and poet Marinos Tzanes. His other brother was famous painter Konstantinos Tzanes. One hundred thirty works of art are attributed to Emmanuel. He is one of the most important Greek painters of the 17th century along with Theodoros Poulakis. He was from Rethymno Crete. He was active from 1625 to 1690. He painted for over sixty-five years. He was the priest of San Giorgio dei Greci in Venice for thirty years.
Since the inception of Christianity holy relics became an important part of the religion. Many different objects related to the story of Jesus's life were sought after by adherents of the faith. The Holy Grail, Spear of Destiny and the Holy Shroud are some of the important relics. Painters began to adopt the different objects into their works. Innumerable Greek-Italian Byzantine works of art featured the Holy Towel or Veil of Veronica. El Greco completed several notable versions. The subject was very common in the Cretan School. Angelos Pitzamanos and Theophanes the Cretan also incorporated the subject matter into their works. A notable version was completed by Tzanes.
The Holy Towel was finished in 1659. The painter was in Venice when he painted the magnificent work of art. He used the prototype of the traditional tallit to reflect his advanced knowledge of Christ's ethnic background and customs. One year after the work was finished he became the priest of San Giorgio dei Greci. It is difficult to categorize some works of art due to the mixture of ideas and concepts. Some works belonging to the Heptanese School were ahead of their time. Artists frequently experimented and sometimes failed to attract patrons. Luckily, Tzanes was able to complete a successful visual work that was foreign to the standards of the day. According to modern standards, the work would fall under pop art. The painting is part of the collection of the Benaki Museum in Athens, Greece. It was donated by Stefanos Vallianos.
Description
The work of art was created using wood panel, tempera paint, and gold leaf. The work was completed in 1659. The height is 47.5 cm (18.7 in) and the width is 46 cm (18.1 in). The masterpiece reflects the significance of the ostentatious grandiose heavenly gold background prevalent in Italian-Greek Byzantine artwork. Italian art left behind the gold background for the realistic paintings of the Renaissance. Greek painters continued to employ the style merging it with Renaissance art. Tzanes created a work ahead of its time. The face of the Christian Messiah relays a divine gaze to his viewers. The flesh tone is painted with superlative detail. The artist humanized Christ. The lines of his skin are clearly visible. The waves of his hair clearly establish contours and grooves. The color of his hair is a mixture of red, gold, and brown. His eyes are blue. The gold halo enhanced the gold background creating a magnificent work of art reflecting the opulence of gold and the elevated worth of the savior. The towel is reminiscent of the traditional Hebrew tallit. The garment is worn as a prayer shawl by religious Jews and Samaritans. The burial shroud reflects special twined and knotted fringes known as tzitzit attached to its corners. There are several Greek inscriptions. The artist signed and dated the work in the left-hand corner.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
17th-century paintings
Paintings in Greece
Paintings of the Heptanese School
Paintings by Emmanuel Tzanes
Christopher Polvoorde (born July 28, 2000) is an American off-road racer from Southern California. He has raced in many different forms of off-road competition including short course, desert racing, and rally raid, while also dabbling in other disciplines like dirt track racing.
He has competed in short course series like Great American Shortcourse and Lucas Oil Off Road Racing Series, as well as desert championships in SCORE International, National Off-Road Racing Association, and King of the Hammers. In 2019, Polvoorde swept the Lucas Oil Mid West Short Course League, winning all seven races and the Crandon International Off-Road Raceway Pro Lite World Championship.
Racing career
Throughout his career, Polvoorde mainly races the No. 94 STEEL-IT / TIS Wheels Ford Ranger under the Polvoorde Racing Banner. His father Chip Polvoorde, crew Chief Jimmy Davidson, and driving coach Cory Kruseman who also works with Polvoorde as his spotter, make up the program's backbone.
Short course racing
Polvoorde began his motorsport career racing in the Lucas Oil Off Road Racing Series' Modified Kart Division, which is known to produce talent such as five-time LOORRS champion and future NASCAR champion Sheldon Creed, Hailie Deegan, Darren Hardesty Jr., Mitch Guthrie, Mitchell Dejong, Myles Cheek, Jerett Brooks, and RJ Anderson. He won Rookie of the Year honors in 2014.
In 2015, Polvoorde won the LOORRS Mod Kart title and the Crandon Mod Kart World Championship, and backed up the latter in 2016. He also won the 2016 LOORRS Mod Kart Challenge Cup.
Polvoorde graduated to the LOORRS Pro Lite class in 2017 and claimed Rookie of the Year. A two-win campaign and third-place points finish followed.
Polvoorde won his first professional racing championship in the Lucas Oil Midwest Short Course League (LOMSCL) by winning all seven races to claim the Pro Lite Championship. He also won the Crandon Pro Lite World Championship.
Also during the 2019 season, he was invited to be a guest driver of Continental Tire's No. 100 in the Stadium Super Trucks Series. He was one of five drivers to take the wheel of the specially branded Continental Tire's Truck and their flagship program, a $100 prepaid Visa card promotion. Polvoorde has been supported by General Tire which falls under Continental's umbrella. He raced Rounds 13, 14, and 15 of the 2019 Stadium Super Truck Series at Road America in Wisconsin and finished well in all three events.
He finished runner-up in the 2020 LOORRS Pro Lite standings, the final year before the series folded.
Desert racing
In 2018, Polvoorde entered a classic Ford F100 in the National Off-Road Racing Association Mexican 1000 Rally. Racing No. 9494 in the Vintage Open Class, Christopher finished 2nd in his division and 24th overall with a total race time of 19 Hours, 57 Minutes, and 5 Seconds
Polvoorde races the factory backed Team Honda Talon 1000R, in the ULTRA 4 King of the Hammers, "the toughest one-day off-road race on the planet" as the event's tagline presents. During the 2020 UTV event, Polvoorde raced the No. 94 Honda Talon 1000R to a 17th place finish. 130 competitors started the event and only 33 were able to finish the course. He also competed in that year's Mint 400.
Other racing
In 2018, Polvoorde along with his co-driver Jimmy Davidson raced in the Asia Baja 1000, a stage rally race through Inner Mongolia and allowed for Polvoorde to experience a different side of motorsports culture. Polvoorde reported finishing the event and qualifying 15th out of 150 competitors.
In 2019, under the banner of Kruseman Motorsports, Polvoorde was part of a 6 car team entered into the Lucas Oil Chili Bowl. He piloted the Palms Resort / FK Rod Ends / Lucas Oil Speedway No. 94 with driving coach Cory Kruseman assisting Polvoorde with getting used to the midget race car. Polvoorde was in good company, as Kruseman is a well known driving coach schooling all types of racers on car control and a former Chili Bowl champion. This was Polvoorde's first time racing in the historic event and made it into the C Feature 2, but did not finish, and did not start the N Feature 2.
Sponsors
Honda Power Sports and Honda Racing Corporation: Polvoorde competed in desert racing for Team Honda Talon Factory Racing.
Ford Motor Company and Ford Performance: Polvoorde built two project vehicles for Ford and debuts at the 2019 SEMA Show.
General Tire
Optima Batteries: Regularly taps Polvoorde and activates him in big events and promotions such as the Hi-Performance Expo Powered By Optima Batteries at Circuit of the Americas, Moab 4x4 Expo, and the Sand Hills Open Road Challenge.
TIS Wheels
STEEL-IT: Polvoorde is the primary backed short course off-road racer driving the No. 94 STEEL-IT Pro-Lite.
Personal life
Polvoorde is a full-time college student attending University of San Diego on scholarship seeking a double major in finance and real estate through the USD School of Business.
In media
Polvoorde appears on Season 2, Episode 2 of the Fuse television show T-Pain's School of Business. Originally aired on August 13, 2019, Polvoorde is featured in an interview and is seen giving T-Pain a hot lap in his two-seater Pro Lite around Glen Helen Raceway.
As a regular participating medial liaison, Polvoorde is often seen on local morning news field reports before events. He was seen on Channel 8 KLAS News Now in Las Vegas highlighting the SEMA Show on November 3, 2021 giving a ride-a-long to reporter Rocky Nash in his Pro Lite.
Polvoorde began a YouTube vlog in 2019 and started uploading weekly videos every Wednesday to allow viewers to follow his career and off-track life. As of the ending of 2020 racing season, Polvoorde has 62 videos uploaded with 255,206 views and 1,540 subscribers.
In 2020, University of San Diego spotlighted and recognized Polvoorde's achievements as a professional off-road racer in their online News Center.
Motorsports career results
Career summary
Stadium Super Trucks
(key) (Bold – Pole position. Italics – The Fastest qualifier. * – Most laps led.)
References
External links
Living people
2000 births
People from Hemet, California
Off-road racing drivers
Stadium Super Trucks drivers
University of San Diego alumni
87th NYFCC Awards
December 3, 2021
Best Picture:
Drive My Car
The 87th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honoring the best in film for 2021, were announced on December 3, 2021.
The awards ceremony, which was scheduled to take place in the TAO Downtown Restaurant in New York on January 10, 2022, was postponed due to the rise in COVID-19 cases throughout the country, with a new date for the ceremony to be unveiled in early 2022.
Winners
Best Film:
Drive My Car
Best Director:
Jane Campion – The Power of the Dog
Best Actor:
Benedict Cumberbatch – The Power of the Dog
Best Actress:
Lady Gaga – House of Gucci
Best Supporting Actor:
Kodi Smit-McPhee – The Power of the Dog
Best Supporting Actress:
Kathryn Hunter – The Tragedy of Macbeth
Best Screenplay:
Paul Thomas Anderson – Licorice Pizza
Best Animated Film:
The Mitchells vs. the Machines
Best Cinematography:
Janusz Kamiński – West Side Story
Best Non-Fiction Film:
Flee
Best Foreign Language Film:
The Worst Person in the World • Norway
Best First Film:
The Lost Daughter
Special Awards:
Maya Cade for the creation of the Black Film Archive
Diane Weyermann, posthumous award for supporting daring and impactful filmmaking at Sundance and Participant
Marshall Fine for his years of service as New York Film Critics Circle's general manager and decades on the NY film scene
References
External links
New York Film Critics Circle Awards
New York
2021 in American cinema
New
2021 in New York City
Events postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Sportsklubben Vard Haugesund is a Norwegian football club located in Haugesund. The team currently plays in the 2. divisjon after being promoted from the 3. divisjon in 2019. The team reached the Norwegian Football Cup finals in 1962 and 1975. Vard played in the Norwegian top flight in 1976.
Recent history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
!
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!Notes
|-
|2006
|2. divisjon
|align=right |3
|align=right|26||align=right|14||align=right|4||align=right|8
|align=right|62||align=right|39||align=right|56
|First round
|
|-
|2007
|2. divisjon
|align=right |4
|align=right|26||align=right|12||align=right|6||align=right|8
|align=right|49||align=right|48||align=right|42
|Second round
|
|-
|2008
|2. divisjon
|align=right |7
|align=right|26||align=right|10||align=right|4||align=right|12
|align=right|44||align=right|48||align=right|34
||First round
|
|-
|2009
|2. divisjon
|align=right |2
|align=right|26||align=right|17||align=right|5||align=right|4
|align=right|64||align=right|36||align=right|56
||First round
|
|-
|2010
|2. divisjon
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|4||align=right|9
|align=right|54||align=right|35||align=right|40
||Second round
|
|-
|2011
|2. divisjon
|align=right |2
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|5||align=right|8
|align=right|57||align=right|35||align=right|44
||First round
|
|-
|2012
|2. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 1
|align=right|26||align=right|15||align=right|8||align=right|3
|align=right|60||align=right|26||align=right|53
||Second round
|Promoted
|-
|2013
|1. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 13
|align=right|30||align=right|9||align=right|7||align=right|14
|align=right|46||align=right|55||align=right|34
||Third round
|Relegated
|-
|2014
|2. divisjon
|align=right |3
|align=right|26||align=right|12||align=right|5||align=right|9
|align=right|57||align=right|38||align=right|41
||Third round
|
|-
|2015
|2. divisjon
|align=right |3
|align=right|26||align=right|14||align=right|9||align=right|3
|align=right|66||align=right|37||align=right|51
||Second round
|
|-
|2016
|2. divisjon
|align=right |4
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|7||align=right|8
|align=right|46||align=right|34||align=right|40
||Second round
|
|-
|2017
|2. divisjon
|align=right |8
|align=right|26||align=right|12||align=right|3||align=right|11
|align=right|33||align=right|36||align=right|39
||Second round
|
|-
|2018
|2. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 14
|align=right|26||align=right|3||align=right|5||align=right|18
|align=right|31||align=right|56||align=right|14
||First round
|Relegated
|-
|2019
|3. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 1
|align=right|26||align=right|20||align=right|3||align=right|3
|align=right|103||align=right|22||align=right|63
||Second round
|Promoted
|-
|2020
|2. divisjon
|align=right |4
|align=right|19||align=right|11||align=right|1||align=right|7
|align=right|34||align=right|19||align=right|34
||Cancelled
|
|}
Current squad
References
External links
Football clubs in Norway
Eliteserien clubs
Association football clubs established in 1916
Sport in Haugesund
1916 establishments in Norway
Dato' Mizal Zaini, known professionally as AC Mizal (born 21 December 1971), is a Malaysian actor, singer, comedian, TV host and former radio presenter.
Early life
Mizal was born on 21 December 1971 in Johor Bahru, Johor. He is a son of Datuk Zaini Md. Hasim and Datin Madzinah Mansor. He is educated with Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), and later he pursues his higher education at the Royal Military College of Malaysia.
Career
AC Mizal started his career as a singer, wherein he was one of the members of a Malaysian hip hop group, 4U2C, which enjoyed musical supremacy between 1992 and 1996 during the rise of Malaysian hip hop music. The group best known for its hit single, "Fiona" which become their signature songs. AC has produced three albums with the group. 4U2C disbanded in 1996 and most of its members decided to pursue their studies and concentrated on their respective careers. AC himself later pursue his acting career after the group went their separate ways.
Under the mentorship from Yusof Haslam, his acting career began as a main cast as CPL Jefri in early incarnation of Roda-Roda Kuala Lumpur, which aired between 1998 and 1999. His breakthrough role came when he's portraying Inspector Mazlan in the longest-running Malaysian action drama series, Gerak Khas. He was one of the series' seven original casts which include Abby Abadi, ACP Shaharon Anuar, Yusof Haslam, Farid Amirul and Deen Maidin. Mizal then reprise his role in the series' two movie adaptations. He left the series in 2002 after four seasons, due to personal reasons and other commitments.
Prior to Gerak Khas movie adaptations, Mizal made his film debut with 1999 drama film, Bara as Hisham. The following year, he acted in Pasrah where he paired with Erra Fazira. In 2004, Mizal released his solo album, Tassamaqu with "Kali Pertama" featuring Malaysian rapper Reefa, released as singles.
In the same year, he acted in Afdlin Shauki's 2004 comedy film, Buli, where he plays Rudy, a mastermind behind the fictional Allied Asian Bank robbery. He reprises his role on the film's sequel, Buli Balik which was released in 2006. He also acted alongside Afdlin, Hans Isaac and Awie in Baik Punya Cilok (2005).
He is one of few Malaysian artists who contributed a special song titled "Suluhkan Sinar" ("Shine the Light"). Produced by KRU and released in January 2005, the song was specially dedicated to the victims of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami and it is officiated by the then-Deputy Prime Minister, Najib Razak. Other artists involved in the project were Akademi Fantasia contestants, Erra Fazira, Dayang Nurfaizah, Alleycats, Jaclyn Victor and Anita Sarawak.
In 2006, Mizal went on to become a TV host and helmed the entertainment talk show AC Di Sini aired on Astro Ria. He also appears with Adlin Aman Ramlie as the Ginger Brothers in two Cicakman film series. The following year, he released his single, "Di Sini". From 2008 to 2009, he became the host of reality talent show, Akademi Fantasia, succeeding Aznil Nawawi. Mizal also judged comedy talent shows such as Raja Lawak, Maharaja Lawak and Maharaja Lawak Mega. He also ventured into theatre in Puteri Gunung Ledang The Musical in 2005 and 2009, and Cuci The Musical in 2009.
He also runs his direct-selling company AC Konsortium Sdn Bhd where he served as the Executive Chairman; the company produces magnet rings and other products. It has been reported that Mizal will make his return in Gerak Khas after a long absence, but it did not materialise. From 2013 to 2015, he served as the host of talk show Sembang Teh Tarik which aired on Astro Warna and in 2016, he hosted the series' revival, Sembang Teh Tarik Kaw.
In 2014, Mizal reformed 4U2C after went on 18-year hiatus with the group renamed as ForUToC, with all new members. He later released his single, "Paranoid" featuring Indonesian actress, Luna Maya. He started an internet radio station, Peace Yall FM in May 2015 and officiated by singer Siti Nurhaliza, wherein Mizal also served as its President. In 2017, he played a dual role as King Kong and Cobra in highest-grossing box office action comedy film, Abang Long Fadil 2 directed by Syafiq Yusof, also starring Zizan Razak in main role. It was his first movie role in 8 years since Afdlin Shauki's My Spy (2009). He also contributed its soundtrack titled "Senorita" with Syamsul Yusof and Shuib Sepahtu.
In 2018, he hosted Super Spontan Xtravaganza, Arena Panggang season 2 and Maharaja Lawak Mega 2018. The following year, Mizal appeared as Jefri Dom in television series, Pop Yeah Yeah.
Personal life
AC Mizal married twice. He married Shafnie Zainuddin on 24 June 1995, and they had two sons, namely Muhammad Shafiq Iman and Muhammad Shabale Iman. The couple divorced on 17 October 2001. He later married to former model and actress, Emylia Rosnaida on 10 October 2002, with whom he has two children, a son, Muhammad Reeve Damien and a daughter, Fea Eryssa.
His father, Zaini Md. Hashim was a Muar Police Chief, died on 29 March 2014.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Filmography
Film
Television series
Telemovie
Television
Honours
Honours of Malaysia
:
Knight Companion of the Order of the Crown of Pahang (DIMP) – Dato' (2010)
He was awarded Darjah Indera Mahkota Pahang (DIMP) which carries the title of Dato' from Sultan Ahmad Shah, Sultan of Pahang at the end of 2010.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
People from Johor Bahru
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian television personalities
Malaysian male actors
21st-century Malaysian male singers
Malaysian comedians
20th-century Malaysian male singers
Kiteworld is a novel by Keith Roberts published in 1985.
Plot summary
Kiteworld is a novel in which men fly in kites at the borders of their land to defend against demons of legend.
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed Kiteworld for White Dwarf #69, and stated that "Superlative stuff, even if the deux-ex-machina happy ending is a bit jarring."
Reviews
Review by Chris Morgan (1985) in Fantasy Review, July 1985
Review by Faren Miller (1985) in Locus, #295 August 1985
Review by Chris Bailey (1985) in Vector 128
Review by Mary Gentle (1985) in Interzone, #14 Winter 1985/86
Review by M. John Harrison (1985) in Foundation, #35 Winter 1985/1986, (1986)
Review by Don D'Ammassa (1986) in Science Fiction Chronicle, #85 October 1986
References
1985 novels
Books about kite flying
SS Alexander E. Brown was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. She was named after Alexander E. Brown.
Construction
Alexander E. Brown was laid down on 18 August 1944, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 2321, by J.A. Jones Construction, Panama City, Florida; sponsored by Mrs. Robert Jones Sister, sister-in-law of Raymond A. Jones, vice president and general manager, JAJCC, and launched on 28 September 1944.
History
She was allocated to South Atlantic Steamship Lines Inc., 13 October 1944. On 5 June 1946, she was laid up in the n James River Reserve Fleet, Lee Hall, Virginia, 5 June 1946.
She was sold, on 23 December 1946, to Nicholas Eustathiou, for $565,691.07 and commercial use. She was flagged in Greece and renamed Michalakis. She was withdrawn from the fleet on 27 December 1946.
References
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Panama City, Florida
1944 ships
James River Reserve Fleet
A Refractor Card is a trading card that has a reflective coating and displays a rainbow when held at a specific angle. They are parallels of base set issues and were introduced with the release of the 1993 Topps "Baseball's Finest" set. Later releases have confirmation of a Refractor on the back of the card in the form of either an R or the word 'Refractor' printed, usually, beside or beneath the card number, but the first Refractors did not include this designation and are therefore sometimes more difficult to differentiate from base issues.
Variants
There are many Refractor variants that have been produced over the years, though most are simple color swaps of the base Refractors. These variants are typically serial numbered, but that is not always the case. The very first Refractor variant that was available was the Embossed Refractor, in 1997.
Variants that typically appear in Topps Finest, Topps Chrome, and Bowman Chrome releases often include Gold, Blue, Red, Orange, Green, and Black. Less often, Refractor color variants including Pink, Purple, and White can be found. Usually, the Orange and Red Refractor parallels are extremely rare and have low serial numbers, while the Blue and Green ones are more common. This is not always the case, though, and tends to vary slightly from set to set and year to year.
In addition to regular refractors and color swap refractors, Topps Chrome and Bowman Chrome (and on occasion Topps Finest) sometimes include a parallel called an Xfractor or X-fractor. They typically have a checkerboard background design in addition to the regular Refractor finish and sometimes have serial numbers. Xfractors sometimes have color swap issues available or even Die-cut versions, too.
Bowman's Best sets have a unique issue called an Atomic Refractor that is much rarer than the regular Refractor parallel. Atomic Refractor parallels typically have serial numbers that are 4 times as low as the regular Refractors. For example, if a regular Refractor is numbered out of 400, then the Atomic version would be numbered out of 100. If the regular Refractor is numbered out of 100, the Atomic one would be numbered out of 25. In addition to the lower serial numbers, Atomic Refractors feature a different background design than regular Refractors.
The rarest refractor variant is called the "SuperFractor". It is a card that has a production run of just 1 and is serial numbered 1/1 (or sometimes "01/01," "001/001," or "One-of-One"). he backgrounds of SuperFractors have a gold spiral design, usually. There are even SuperFractor variants such as White SuperFractors, Bordered SuperFractors, and Die-cut SuperFractors in certain releases. These SuperFractor variants are all serial numbered 1/1, as well.
In recent years, some new Refractor variations have appeared in products. Among these include, but are not limited to Blue Wave Refractors (and color swaps of those), Sepia Refractors, Prism Refractors, Mosaic Refractors, and Pulsar Refractors.
Some Refractor variants were tested and found to be not popular and therefore discontinued. One example of this is the Pigskin Refractor which appeared in the 2009 Topps Finest Football release.
There have even been some special edition Refractors variants for specific purposes such as Camo Refractors, which feature a camouflage border pattern and were issued to honor the US Armed Forces, and BCA Pink Refractors, which were issued for Breast Cancer Awareness.
Copycats
Because the term Refractor is a registered trademark of The Topps Company, Inc., other sports card brands that offer similar parallel cards are not able to use the name "Refractor".
Some other names of similar issues include Reflectors (made by Press Pass), Prizms (made by Panini), and Mirrors (made by Leaf).
References
Trading cards
Harrison is a census-designated place in Jackson County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 970 as of the 2010 census.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Jackson County, Illinois
Census-designated places in Illinois
Forodesine (INN; also known as Immucillin H; trade names Mundesine and Fodosine) is a transition-state analog inhibitor of purine nucleoside phosphorylase studied for the treatment of patients with T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL) and for treatment of B-cell acute lymphocytic leukemia (B-ALL).
Forodesine was originally discovered by Vern Schramm's laboratory at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York and Industrial Research Limited in New Zealand.
Forodesine is being developed by BioCryst Pharmaceuticals. , it is currently in phase II clinical trials..
In 2006, BioCryst entered into a licensing agreement with Mundipharma International Holdings Limited to develop and commercialize forodesine in markets across Europe, Asia, and Australasia for use in oncology.
In April 2017, forodesine was approved in Japan for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma.
See also
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia
References
External links
18 December 2006 Fodosine orphan designation by the European Commission for acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. have entered into an exclusive license agreement with Mundipharma for develop and commercialize BioCryst's lead compound, Forodesine.
Birmingham, Alabama – February 2, 2006 Mundipharma will obtain rights in markets across Europe, Asia and Australasia to Forodesine in the field of oncology in exchange for a $10 million up-front payment. Furthermore, Mundipharma will commit up to an additional $15 million to assist in the evaluation of Forodesine's therapeutic safety and efficacy profile. BioCryst may also receive future event payments totalling $155 million in addition to royalties on product sales of Forodesine by Mundipharma.
News BioCryst provides Fodosine update March 27, 2007. "Voluntarily Placed on Hold by BioCryst (...) we don't think the final response rate will be as high as 18%".
The European Commission granted a marketing authorisation valid throughout the European Union for Atriance on 22 August 2007 for acute lymphoblastic leukaemia. What benefit has Atriance shown during the studies? Atriance was shown to be effective in a proportion of the patients in both studies. In the first study, among the 39 children and young adults who se cancer had not responded to two or more previous treatments, five (13%) had a complete response to treatment after a month, with no evidence of disease and normal blood counts. In the second study, among the 28 adults and adolescents with cancer that had not responded to two or more previous tre atments, five (18%) had a complete response to treatment. In both studies, more patients had a partial response to Atriance treatment, with blood counts returning towards normal levels.
Lino Berton collects all the information on Forodesine in www.linoberton.com site, putting them in a row. In 2014 he published the book Qualcosa che non muore where he tells his incredible experience in the closed trial early in 2007.
Il Giornale.it (in Italian). "Come si boicotta un farmaco che funziona". Dated 08-01-2016.
Experimental cancer drugs
Pyrimidones
Alessandrina Lonardo (born March 9, 1953 in Ceppaloni), also known as Sandra Lonardo, is an Italian politician. She is a senator of the Republic of Italy and is a member of the Legislature XVIII of Italy.
Biography
Born in the hamlet of San Giovanni, in the municipality of Ceppaloni, she grew up in her hometown. At the age of 12, she moved with her family to Oyster Bay, on the island of Long Island in Nassau County (United States), continuing her studies at Oyster Bay High School. Once back in Italy she obtained the high school diploma and graduated in Philosophy at the Oriental University Institute of Naples.
References
Living people
1953 births
Italian politicians
20th-century Italian women
21st-century Italian women
Frederick Cyril "Fred" Besana (April 5, 1931 – November 7, 2015) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Baltimore Orioles in 1956. He also played in the minor leagues for eight seasons.
Besana made his Major League debut on April 18, 1956 at the age of 25. In his first appearance, he pitched two innings, allowing two walks while striking out one batter (Don Buddin) and allowing no runs to score. In total, he appeared in seven games in his sole big league season and posted a 1–0 record with a 5.60 ERA. On April 22, he made the first of two career starts, picking up the victory against the Washington Senators. He appeared in his final big league game on May 13.
Besana pitched in the minor leagues in 1950, from 1954 to 1959 and in 1960. In his first professional season, he won 18 games for the Sweetwater Swatters and Albuquerque Dukes, despite posting a 5.14 ERA. With the Vancouver Mounties in 1959, he posted a 2.77 ERA in 32 games. Overall, Besana went 58–67 with a 4.33 ERA in 254 minor league games.
Besana also coached at the high-school level (Oakmont High School and Roseville High School) and at the American River College.
His son, Fred Besana, played in the National Football League and United States Football League.
References
External links
1931 births
2015 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baltimore Orioles players
Albuquerque Dukes players
Amarillo Gold Sox players
Knoxville Smokies players
Louisville Colonels (minor league) players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Spokane Indians players
Sweetwater Swatters players
Vancouver Mounties players
California State University, Sacramento alumni
Sacramento State Hornets baseball players
Baseball players from California
People from Lincoln, California
Nous Autres (Quebec French for "We") is a live album by Fred Frith and René Lussier recorded in October 1986 at the 4th Festival International de Musique Actuelle de Victoriaville in Victoriaville, Quebec, Canada. The live mixes were later enhanced with additional material recorded by Frith and Lussier in December 1986 at a studio in Montreal, Quebec, and the resulting album was released on LP in 1987. The album was released on CD in 1992 with four additional studio tracks recorded by Frith and Lussier in January 1992 in New York City.
Three guest vocalists, Tenko Ueno, Geneviève Letarte and Christoph Anders sing on four of the album tracks in Japanese, French and German respectively. The LP release included a record sleeve insert with the lyrics in the original languages and translations to French and English.
Nous Autres was Frith and Lussier's first collaborative recording and its success introduced Lussier, at the time not well known outside Quebec, to an international audience.
Background
French experimental guitarist/composer René Lussier from Quebec, Canada had performed at the first three Victoriaville festivals, and for the fourth, festival artistic director Michel Levasseur suggested that Lussier play in a duo concert with English experimental guitarist/composer Fred Frith from Henry Cow. Henry Cow and the Rock in Opposition movement (initiated by Henry Cow) had been a big influence on Lussier, and he seized the opportunity to perform with Frith.
Also performing at this 4th Victoriaville festival was Cassiber, and two of its members, Chris Cutler (ex-Henry Cow) and Christoph Anders performed on two of the album's tracks, "Cage de Verre" and "J'Aime la Musique" respectively. An altered form of "J'Aime la Musique" was later frequently performed by Cassiber and appeared on their 1990 album, A Face We All Know.
The success of this concert prompted a number of future collaborations between Frith and Lussier:
Frith played on Lussier's solo album, Le Trésor de la Langue (1989);
Lussier played on two of Frith's solo albums, Quartets (1994) and Stone, Brick, Glass, Wood, Wire (1999);
Lussier was a member of two of Frith's bands, Keep the Dog (1989–1991) and the Fred Frith Guitar Quartet (1989–1999), and played on all their albums;
Lussier featured prominently in a documentary film on Frith, Step Across the Border (1990) and the accompanying soundtrack, Step Across the Border (1990).
Content and reception
Most of the tracks on Nous Autres are instrumental and focus on Fred Frith and René Lussier's guitar and bass guitar playing. Four vocal tracks, "Ketsui", "Iceberg", "J'aime la Musique" and "Domaine Revisited" include lyrics written and sung by the three guest vocalists, Tenko Ueno, Geneviève Letarte and Christoph Anders in their own languages. "Domaine Revisited" was derived from an instrumental "Domaine de Planousset" on Frith's solo album, Speechless (1981) and includes singing (in French) by Letarte.
AllMusic wrote that, "Fans of Frith will find much to love here, and will be equally impressed by Lussier, whose slightly more rockish approach nicely counterbalances Frith's more abstract tendencies ... Wonderful stuff."
Track listing
LP release
Side A
"Cage de Verre" (Lussier) – 3:38
"The Same Wide Wall" (Frith) – 3:19
"Ketsui (Determination)" (Frith, Lussier, Ueno) – 5:02
"Plaisirs Instantanés" (Lussier) – 2:52
"Iceberg" (Lussier, Letarte) – 6:03
"Solo en Ré Mineur" (Frith) – 1:26
Side B
"De Mémoire" (Lussier) – 1:33
"Two Squares and Three Circles" (Frith, Lussier, Cora) – 6:29
"Cage de Fer" (Frith) – 2:08
"J'Aime la Musique" (Lussier, Anders) – 5:00
"Domaine Revisited" (Frith, Letarte) – 3:41
"Riaville Bump" (Lussier, Morton) – 2:14
CD release
"Cage de Verre" (Lussier) – 3:38
"The Same Wide Wall" (Frith) – 3:19
"Vinegar Minutes" (Frith, Lussier) – 1:42 *
"Ketsui (Determination)" (Frith, Lussier, Ueno) – 5:02
"Plaisirs Instantanés" (Lussier) – 2:52
"Fun in America" (Frith, Lussier) – 2:12 *
"Iceberg" (Lussier, Letarte) – 6:03
"Solo en Ré Mineur" (Frith) – 1:26
"De Mémoire" (Lussier) – 1:33
"Two Squares and Three Circles" (Frith, Lussier, Cora) – 6:29
"Assuming They're Human" (Frith, Lussier) – 2:49 *
"Cage de Fer" (Frith) – 2:08
"J'aime la Musique" (Lussier, Anders) – 5:00
"Une Poignée de Clous" (Frith, Lussier) – 1:53 *
"Domaine Revisited" (Frith, Letarte) – 3:41
"Riaville Bump" (Lussier, Morton) – 2:14
* New studio tracks added to the CD release.
Personnel
Fred Frith – guitar, bass guitar, drums, violin, piano, voice, rhythm box
René Lussier – guitar, percussions, bass guitar, voice, tapes
Guests
Chris Cutler – percussion (hammer, sticks and paint cans) on "Cage de Verre"
Tenko Ueno – voice (Japanese) on "Ketsui"
Geneviève Letarte – voice (French) on "Iceberg" and "Domaine Revisited"
Christoph Anders – voice (German) and tapes on "J'aime la Musique"
Production
Original LP recorded on 4 October 1986 live at the 4th Festival International de Musique Actuelle de Victoriaville in Victoriaville and on 21–24 December 1986 at Studio Victor, Montreal, Quebec
Additional CD tracks recorded at Sorcerer Sound Studio, New York City on 6 January 1992
Arranged by Fred Frith and René Lussier, except "Cage de Verre", by Fred Frith, René Lussier and Chris Cutler
Produced by Michel Levasseur
Photography by Sylvain Lafleur
Artwork by François Bienvenue
References
1987 live albums
Fred Frith live albums
Live experimental music albums
Collaborative albums
Sigrid Helliesen Lund (23 February 1892 – 8 December 1987) was a Norwegian peace activist, noted for her humanitarian efforts throughout most of the 20th century, and in particular her resistance to the occupation of Norway during World War II. On 14 May 2006, Yad Vashem posthumously named her one of the Righteous Among the Nations for her work during the Holocaust.
Biography
Sigrid grew up in a home hospitable to artists and intellectuals of her time, and she developed an independent spirit early in her life, refusing among other things to be confirmed in the Church of Norway. She earned her examen artium in 1911 and then took up studies in vocal music in Kristiania, Bayreuth, and Paris. She had her performance debut in 1918 in Oslo. However, she developed a respiratory ailment that made a singing career impossible.
She married Diderich Lund in 1923. They had two children; the younger, Erik, had Down syndrome. She started her humanitarian efforts in 1927 while she lived with her family in Odda. There she protested against what she perceived as unacceptable class differences. After she visited Germany in 1934, she joined the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom in 1935. She was also moved to start efforts on behalf of refugees. She became active with Nansenhjelpen and continued her efforts in occupied Norway during World War II. At the same time, she also started her efforts on behalf of children with special needs.
In the fall of 1939, she traveled to Prague to bring 37 Jewish children to Norway to save them from the Holocaust. She became active in the Jewish Children's Home in Oslo and played a central role in their rescue in 1942. Already a committed pacifist, she became involved with the Quakers during the war.
In February 1944, she had to flee Norway to Sweden, where she was made captain in charge of welfare services for Norwegians who had been repatriated from Nazi concentration camps. She continued this work after the war, extending her work to the merchant marine. She also held the first chair of Save the Children in Norway.
Sigrid Helliesen Lund formally joined the Quaker community in Oslo in 1947, and became a leading voice within the global Quaker community.
See also
Peter Morley, produced Women of Courage (1978) about Lund and three other women who defied the Nazis.
Maria Rutkiewicz
Hiltgunt Zassenhaus
Mary Lindell
List of peace activists
References
1892 births
1987 deaths
Converts to Quakerism
The Holocaust in Norway
Norwegian Righteous Among the Nations
Norwegian Quakers
Norwegian pacifists
Norwegian resistance members
Norwegian women in World War II
Women's International League for Peace and Freedom people
Cryotherapy, sometimes known as cold therapy, is the local or general use of low temperatures in medical therapy. Cryotherapy may be used to treat a variety of tissue lesions. The most prominent use of the term refers to the surgical treatment, specifically known as cryosurgery or cryoablation. Cryosurgery is the application of extremely low temperatures to destroy abnormal or diseased tissue and is used most commonly to treat skin conditions.
Cryotherapy is used in an effort to relieve muscle pain, sprains and swelling after soft tissue damage or surgery. For decades, it has been commonly used to accelerate recovery in athletes after exercise. Cryotherapy decreases the temperature of tissue surface to minimize hypoxic cell death, edema accumulation, and muscle spasms, all of which ultimately alleviate discomfort and inflammation. It can be a range of treatments from the application of ice packs or immersion in ice baths (generally known as cold therapy), to the use of cold chambers.
While cryotherapy is widely used, there is little evidence as to its efficacy that has been replicated by or shown in large controlled studies. Its long-term side effects have also not been studied. However, there is a study that concludes that cryotherapy has a positive impact on the short-term recovery of athletes. Cryotherapy helped manage muscle soreness and facilitate recovery within the first 24 hours following a sport-related activity. Athletes who use cryotherapy within the first 24 hours to alleviate pain recovered at a faster rate than athletes who did not use cryotherapy after their sport-related activity.
Cryotherapy chamber
There are different types of cryochambers, each with different mechanisms of action and uses. The Partial-Body Cryotherapy (PBC) makes use of nitrogen to decrease the temperature. This cryochamber is an individual, tube-shaped enclosure that covers a person's body with an open-top to keep the head at room temperature.
The second cryochamber is called the whole body cryotherapy (WBC) and makes use of electricity to reduce the temperature inside the chamber. In contrast to the first, the user fully enters the electrically operated chamber.
This is a specific type of low-temperature treatment used to reduce inflammation and painful effects.
Cryotherapy was developed in the 1970s by Japanese rheumatologist Toshima Yamaguchi and introduced to Europe, US and Australia in the 1980s and 1990s. Both cryochambers decrease the skin temperature, but WBC reaches lower temperatures than PBC and might be considered more effective.
Mechanism of action
When the body is vulnerable to extreme cooling, the blood vessels are narrowed and make less blood flow to the areas of swelling. Once outside the cryogenic chamber, the vessels expand, and an increased presence of anti-inflammatory proteins (IL-10) is established in the blood. Cryotherapy chamber involves exposing individuals to freezing dry air (below −100 °C) for 2 to 4 minutes.
Main uses
Proponents say that cryotherapy may reduce pain and inflammation, help with mental disorders, support exercise recovery performance and improves joint function. Cryotherapy chambers belong to the group of equipment associated with sports rehabilitation and wellness.
Weight loss
Reducing anxiety and depression
Reducing the symptoms of eczema
Cryosurgery
Cryosurgery is the application of extreme cold to destroy abnormal or diseased tissue. The application of ultra-cold liquid causes damage to the treated tissue due to intracellular ice formation. The degree of damage depends upon the minimum temperature achieved and the rate of cooling. Cryosurgery is used to treat a number of diseases and disorders, most especially skin conditions like warts, moles, skin tags and solar keratoses. Liquid nitrogen is usually used to freeze the tissues at the cellular level. The procedure is used often as it is relatively easy and quick, can be done in the doctors surgery, and is deemed quite low risk. If a cancerous lesion is suspected then excision rather than cryosurgery may be deemed more appropriate.
Ice pack therapy
Ice pack therapy is a treatment of cold temperatures to an injured area of the body. Though the therapy is extensively used, and it is agreed that it alleviates symptoms, testing has produced conflicting results about its efficacy and possibility of producing undesirable results() .
An ice pack is placed over an injured area and is intended to absorb heat of a closed traumatic or Edematous injury by using conduction to transfer thermal energy. The physiologic effects of cold application include immediate vasoconstriction with reflexive vasodilation, decreased local metabolism and enzymatic activity, and decreased oxygen demand. Cold decreases muscle spindle fiber activity and slows nerve conduction velocity; therefore, it is often used to decrease spasticity and muscle guarding. It is commonly used to alleviate the pain of minor injuries, as well as decrease muscle soreness. The use of ice packs in treatment decreases the blood flow most rapidly at the beginning of the cooling period, this occurs as a result of vasoconstriction, the initial reflex sympathetic activity.
Ice is not commonly used prior to rehabilitation or performance because of its known adverse effects to performance such as decreased myotatic reflex and force production, as well as a decrease in balance immediately following ice pack therapy for 20 minutes. However, if ice pack therapy is applied for less than 10 minutes, performance can occur without detrimental effects. If the ice pack is removed at this time, athletes are sent back to training or competition directly with no decrease in performance. Ice has also been shown to possibly slow and impair muscle protein synthesis and repair in recreational athletes. This is especially true for cold water immersion, but equivalent controlled studies have not been done to see if the same effects hold true for ice packs. Regardless, ice has been shown in studies to inhibit the uptake of dietary protein post-muscle conditioning exercise.
Cryotherapy following total knee replacement
Total knee replacement (TKR) is a common intervention for patients with end-stage osteoarthritis of the knee. Post-surgical management includes cryotherapy. Cryotherapy may slightly reduce the amount of blood loss and pain. It was generally safe and not associated with any serious adverse events. It may improve the range of movement at the knee in the first one to two weeks after surgery. Potential benefits of cryotherapy on blood loss, postoperative pain, and range of motion may be too small to justify its use, and the quality of the evidence was very low or low for all main outcomes. Well designed randomized trials are required to improve the quality of the evidence. In conclusion, the effectiveness of cryotherapy is unclear.
Cold spray anesthetics
In addition to their use in cryosurgery, several types of cold aerosol sprays are used for short-term pain relief. Unlike other cold modalities, it doesn't produce similar physiological effects due to the fact it decreases skin temperature, not muscle temperature. It reflexively inhibits underling muscle by using evaporation to cool the area. ()Ordinary spray cans containing tetrafluoroethane, dimethyl ether, or similar substances, are used to numb the skin prior to or possibly in place of local anesthetic injections, and prior to other needles, small incisions, sutures, and so on. Other products containing chloroethane are used to ease sports injuries, similar to ice pack therapy.
Whole body cryotherapy
An increasing amount of research is done on the effects of whole-body cryotherapy (WBC) on exercise, beauty, and health. Research is often inconsistent because the usage of the different types of cryo-chambers, and different treatment periods. However, it becomes increasingly clear that WBC has a positive effect on muscle soreness and decreases the recovery time after exercise. Some older papers show inconsistencies in the effects.
Cryotherapy is also increasingly used as a non-drug treatment against rheumatoid arthritis, stress, anxiety, or chronic pain, multiple sclerosis and fibromyalgia. Studies for these, and other diseases (Alzheimer's, migraines), are ongoing although more evidence becomes available on the positive effects of Whole Body Cryotherapy. The FDA points out that the effects of Whole Body Cryotherapy lacks evidence and should be researched more.
Cryotherapy treatment involves exposing individuals to extremely cold dry air (below −100 °C) for two to four minutes. To achieve the subzero temperatures required for WBC, two methods are typically used: liquid nitrogen and refrigerated cold air. During these exposures, individuals wear minimal clothing, which usually consists of shorts for males, and shorts and a crop top for females. Gloves, a woollen headband covering the ears, and a nose and mouth mask, in addition to dry shoes and socks, are commonly worn to reduce the risk of cold-related injury. The first WBC chamber was built in Japan in the late 1970s, introduced to Europe in the 1980s, and has been used in the US and Australia in the past decade.
Adverse effects
Reviews of whole body cryotherapy have called for research studies to implement active surveillance of adverse events, which are suspected of being underreported. If the cold temperatures are produced by evaporating liquid nitrogen, there is the risk of inert gas asphyxiation as well as frostbite. However, these risks are irrelevant in the electronically operated chambers.
Partial body
Partial body cryotherapy (PBC) devices also exist. If the cold temperatures are produced by evaporating liquid nitrogen, there is the risk of inert gas asphyxiation as well as frostbite.
See also
Cryonics
Cold shock response
Cold compression therapy
Freeze spray
References
External links
Alternative medical treatments
Zanférébougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 68 square kilometers and includes three villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,275. The village of Zanférébougou, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 44 km west of Sikasso and 7 km south of the RN7, the main road linking Sikasso and Bougouni.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Associazione Sportiva Atletico Calcio was an Italian football club based in Cagliari and Villasor, Sardinia. It was founded in 1963. The club folded in 2008.
History
Associazione Sportiva Atletico Calcio was founded in 1963 as Atletico Cagliari and was renamed before Atletico Sirio in 1996 and again Atletico Elmas in 1998. Only in the summer 2002 it was renamed with the last denomination.
The team has played 10 seasons in Serie D: from 1996–97 to 1999-2000 and from 2001–02 to 2006-07 when it was relegated to Eccellenza.
In the summer 2008, after its 11th place in Eccellenza Sardinia, Atletico Elmas merged with Decimese Aurora & Decimo founding A.S.D. Atletico Decimomannu and so it was dissolved.
Colors and badge
Its colors were white, yellow and green.
Stadium
It played at the Stadio San Biagio Villasor in Villasor, which has a capacity of 1,200.
From 2008 to the present day
After two seasons from 2008 to 2010 in Eccellenza Sardinia, in the summer 2010 A.S.D. Atletico Decimomannu was merged with Polisportiva Elmas Elmas (club of Prima Categoria Sardinia) founding A.S.D. Atletico Elmas.
In the summer 2012, after a 15th place, it didn't join 2012-13 Eccellenza and was relegated to Promozione.
References
Defunct football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Sardinia
Rome is the fourth-largest city in the European Union by population within city limits. The city has three skyscrapers above (one building is still under construction) and several skyscrapers between and for a total of about ten skyscrapers above , most of which lie in EUR, which is located south of the historic centre of Rome. No building of the historic centre of Rome is taller than St. Peter's Basilica (), which dominates the skyline of the city.
Tallest buildings
The list includes buildings (above ) in the city of Rome and its metropolitan area.
Tallest under construction – approved and proposed
See also
BNL BNP Paribas headquarters
List of the tallest buildings in Italy
External links
Emporis.com report for Rome
Skyscraperpage.com report for Rome
Tallest Buildings
Rome
Jean Hauptmanns (born 24 January 1886, date of death unknown) was a German wrestler. He competed in the heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1886 births
Year of death missing
Olympic wrestlers of Germany
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
German male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Düsseldorf
This is a list of members of the Parliament of the German-speaking Community between 2004 and 2009, following the direct elections of 2004.
Composition
Sources
List
2000s in Belgium
Cydonie Camille Mothersille (born 19 March 1978) is a female former track and field sprinter from the Cayman Islands. Her speciality at the beginning of her career was the 100 metres, while the 200 metres gradually became her main event. She represented her country at four Olympic Games from 1996 to 2008, six World Championships in Athletics, and three Commonwealth Games. Her greatest achievements were in the 200 m, including a bronze at the 2001 World Championships in Athletics, Commonwealth gold in 2010 and a silver at the 2003 Pan American Games. Her World Championship medal was the first ever for her nation.
Mothersille was born in Jamaica in 1978 and moved to Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands at age 7. While in high school, she was discovered by her high school's physical education teacher Evelyn Rockette and began her track career. Mothersille began competing for the Cayman Islands by competing in the CARIFTA Games, where she performed well with a 100/200 m sprint double in 1996. In 1996, she was awarded the Austin Sealy Trophy for the most outstanding athlete of the 1996 CARIFTA Games.
While in college she competed in the 100 m, 200 m, 4 × 100 m relay and 4 × 400 m relay for Clemson University. She was a part of the Clemson All American 4 x 100 and 4 x 400 team.
In 2011, Cydonie was the highest paid athlete from the Cayman Islands (male or female) making $85,000 (USD). Mothersille is married to Ato Stephens.
Mothersille was coached by Henry Rolle.
International competitions
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Caymanian female sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Cayman Islands
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games silver medalists for the Cayman Islands
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1999 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2003 Pan American Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for the Cayman Islands
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for the Cayman Islands
World Athletics Championships athletes for the Cayman Islands
World Athletics Championships medalists
Clemson Tigers women's track and field athletes
Jamaican emigrants to the Cayman Islands
Competitors at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games
IAAF Continental Cup winners
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Olympic female sprinters
School records
Active players in bold.
Career
Division II/III
Most goals in a career: Chris Johnstone, 114 (1981–85)
Most assists in a career: Mike Bournazakis, 148 (1999–03)
Most points in a career: Chris Johnstone, 250 (1981–85)
Most penalty minutes in a career:
Most points in a career, defenseman:
Most assists in a career, defenseman: Jerry Galway, 120 (1997–99, 2000–02)
Most wins in a career: Jaime Morris, 87 (1995–99)
Most shutouts in a career: (tie) Tyler Euverman, 12 (1999–03); Dave Burkholder, 12 (1980–84)
Division I
Most goals in a career: Erik Brown, 56 (2015–2019)
Most assists in a career: Dan Ringwald, 102 (2006–10)
Most points in a career: Cameron Burt, 138 (2008–12)
Most penalty minutes in a career: Taylor McReynolds, 336 (2008–12)
Most points in a career, defenseman: Dan Ringwald, 123 (2006–10)
Most assists in a career, defenseman: Dan Ringwald, 102 (2006–10)
Most wins in a career: Jared DeMichiel, 41 (2006–10)
Most shutouts in a career: Shane Madolora, 13 (2009–12)
Season
Player
Division II/III
Most goals in a season: Steve Toll, 39 (1996–97)
Most assists in a season: Mike Bournazakis, 52 (2000–01)
Most points in a season: Steve Toll, 84 (1996–97)
Most penalty minutes in a season:
Most points in a season, defenseman:
Most wins in a season: Dave Burkholder, 28 (1983–84)
Most shutouts in a season: Dave Burkholder, 7 (1983–84)
Most power play goals in a season: Pete Bournazakis, 17 (2000–01)
Division I
Most goals in a season: Matt Smith, 27 (2007–08)
Most assists in a season: Josh Mitchell, 36 (2014–15)
Most points in a season: Matt Garbowsky, 54 (2014–15)
Most penalty minutes in a season: Taylor McReynolds, 138 (2010–11)
Most points in a season, defenseman: Dan Ringwald, 37 (2009–10)
Most wins in a season: Jared DeMichiel, 27 (2009–10)
Most shutouts in a season: Shane Madolora, 7 (2011–12)
Most power play goals in a season: Matt Smith, 17 (2007–08)
Team
Division II/III
Most wins in a season: 31 (1985–86)
Most overtime games in a season:
Longest winning streak: 17 (1983–1984)
Division I
Most wins in a season: 28 (2009–10)
Most overtime games in a season: 11 (2007–2008)
Longest winning streak: 12 (February 12, 2010 – April 8, 2010)
Longest overall unbeaten streak: 12 (February 12, 2010 – April 8, 2010)
Game
Player
Division II/III
Most goals in a game: Norm McEachern, 6 (1963–64 vs. Syracuse)
Most assists in a game: Maurice Montambault, 8 (1985–86 vs. Brockport)
Most points in a game: (tie) Mike Bournazakis, 9 (2001–02 vs. Neumann); Maurice Montambault, 9 (1985–86 vs. Brockport)
Most penalty minutes in a game:
Division I
Most goals in a game: (tie) Brad McGowan, 4 (March 14, 2015 vs. Air Force); Erik Brown, 4 (17 February, 2018 vs. Sacred Heart)
Most assists in a game: Brent Patry, 5 (October 21, 2006 vs. AIC)
Most points in a game: (tie) Brent Patry, 5 (October 21, 2006 vs. AIC); Cameron Burt, 5 (twice) (March 20, 2010 vs. Sacred Heart; October 15, 2011 vs. St. Lawrence)
Most penalty minutes in a game: Tyler Mazzei, 24 (January 19th, 2008 vs. Sacred Heart)
Team
Division II/III
Most goals in a game: 24 (February 8, 2002 vs. Neumann)
Most goals in a period: 10 (February 8, 2002, second period vs. Neumann)
Division I
Most goals in a game: 10 (January 14, 2012 vs. Sacred Heart)
Most goals in a period: 5 (eight times) (October 20, 2006, second period vs. AIC; January 10, 2009, second period vs. UConn; March 15, 2009, second period vs. Holy Cross; November 26, 2010, first period vs. Sacred Heart; January 14, 2012, third period vs Sacred Heart; March 14, 2015, third period vs Air Force; October 31, 2015, first period vs. AIC; February 20, 2016, second period vs. Niagara)
Most shots in a game: 63 (March 10, 2012 vs. Bentley)
Most shots in a period: 25 (November 17, 2007, second period vs. Mercyhurst)
Most penalty minutes in a game: 112 (February 9, 2008 vs. Canisius)
References
Ice hockey statistics
RIT Tigers men's ice hockey
Anupong Polasak (, born 20 May 1973) is a Thai former footballer and coach. He has played for the national beach soccer team, appearing at the 2002 Beach Soccer World Championship and the 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup, and for the national futsal team at the 2004 FIFA Futsal World Championship.
References
External links
Thailand Beach Soccer Team
Thailand Squad On Fifa.com
1973 births
Living people
Anupong Polasak
Gouttières is the name of two communes in France:
Gouttières, Eure
Gouttières, Puy-de-Dôme
Waterdeep is a band from Kansas City, Missouri that is now based in Nashville, Tennessee. It is made up of husband and wife songwriters Don and Lori Chaffer.
History
The band was formed in 1995. Upon completion of Don's solo album You Were at the Time for Love, they released their debut album To Chase Away the Birds. Their early lineup consisted of Don Chaffer as well as bassist Anthony Case, keyboardist Jay Pfeifer, and drummer Brandon Graves. Chaffer's wife, singer/guitarist Lori Coscia, joined Waterdeep in 1996, with the group's second album Sink or Swim appearing the following year.
They signed with Squint Entertainment in 1998 and released Everyone's Beautiful in 1999 which debuted at #23 on Billboard's Top Christian Albums 100. In the meantime the band recorded and released an independent record in 1999 called Enter the Worship Circle. It was an acoustic collaboration with the members of 100 Portraits. Also that year, they recorded and released Live at the New Earth, which documented the final performances with Case and Pfeifer. Meanwhile, the line up changed, with Kenny Carter on bass and Brandon Graves' wife, Christena, on keyboards.
Their second album on Squint was You Are So Good to Me, released in 2001. It debuted at No. 6 on Billboards Top Internet Album Sales for the week of May 19, 2001. The title track, written by Don Chaffer, was released by Christian band Third Day and debuted as No. 1 on the Hot Christian Songs 40.
Don Chaffer went on to record a pair of solo efforts entitled Whole 'Nother Deal and What You Don't Know, both released in 2002. Lori Chaffer released her first solo record in 2003.
Soon after that, both the Chaffers and Graves had children and Waterdeep decreased the number of shows it played per year. Eventually the band whittled itself down to just the Chaffers. They continued making records as solo artists and as the band Waterdeep, but first they embarked on a two CD series for a book project called The Voice. Don gathered various artists to write and sing songs based on the Psalms. He then got as many fellow artists as he could get to come record the songs live in the studio. Some of the artists involved (either writing or performing) were: Matt Wertz, Stephen Mason, Sara Groves, Derek Webb, Sandra McCracken, Steven Delopoulos, Matthew Perryman Jones, Robbie Seay, Andrew Osenga and Phil Keaggy.
In 2006 Don made a record by the fictitious band named The Khrusty Brothers. It was a mix of folk and techno, and the backstory caught the attention of Steve Day, a fan in New York City who thought it would make a great musical. Don, up for the challenge, ended up writing it with Chris Cragin Day and solicited the help of Lori to finish up some of the songs. Son of a Gun, as it eventually was called, won the acclaimed Eugene O'Neill Theatre workshop in 2011 and saw a three-week showcase production in November 2012 in New York City at Theatre Row.
In late 2007, Waterdeep got back to business making records on a more regular basis. Heart Attack Time Machine was something of a return to stripped-down folk music, only this time loops were used along with a variety of instruments. Early 2008 brought Pink & Blue, made up of two EPs, one of Don's songs, the other of Lori's. It contained a few song sketches under two minutes. In the Middle of It was released in 2009 and was a bit more experimental than recent efforts, pulling from their memories of growing up in the 80s. The band's most recent record, No Doubt of Sunshine, was released December 2011. "It's Alright" was placed on an episode of One Tree Hill in January 2012.
Don is a record producer in Nashville, and a songwriter with Simpleville Music, Inc.
Discography
Albums
To Chase Away the Birds (1995)
Sink or Swim (1997)
Enter the Worship Circle (with 100 Portraits)(1999)
Live at the New Earth (1998)
Dogpaddle (1998)-made for fan club
Everyone's Little CD (1998)-Made for "Everyone's Festival"-One pressing only
Everyone's Beautiful (1999)-Squint Entertainment
Waterdeep Worship: You Are So Good to Me (2001)-Squint Entertainment
Whole 'Nother Deal (2002)
Live 3.26.03-Muncie, Indiana (2004)
Heart Attack Time Machine (2007)
Pink & Blue (2008)
In the Middle of It (2010)
The Collection (2010)-Greatest hits compilation
No Doubt of Sunshine (2011)
Moment (2013)
Waterdeep (2014)
Tandem (2020)
Side projects
Old Stuff-Hey Ruth (a collection of Don and Lori's early solo work and from their early band "Hey Ruth" from 1991–1993)
You Were at the Time for Love-Don Chaffer (1994)
You Remain-Christena Graves (1998)
What You Don't Know-Don Chaffer (2002)
1Beginning-Lori Chaffer (2003)
Songs from the Voice Vol. 1: Please Don't Make Us Sing This Song (2006) (A compilation album produced by Don Chaffer with performances by Don and Lori and others. Released with The Voice project by Nelson Publishing.)
Songs from the Voice Vol. 2: Son of the Most High (2006)
The Khrusty Brothers (2007)
An Unfinished Tale, Vol. 1-Beauty-Don Chaffer (2010)
An Unfinished Tale, Vol. 2-Truth-Don Chaffer (2011)
References
External links
Waterdeep collection at the Internet Archive's live music archive
American folk musical groups
Musical groups established in 1995
The following is a list of California locations by race.
According to 2010 data from the U.S. Census Bureau, Whites were the dominant racial group in California, comprising 61.8 percent of its population of 36,969,200. The county with the highest percentage of whites was Nevada County (93.4 percent). The ten counties with the highest percentage of whites were all relatively small. They had an average population of 60,460, and none had a population of over 200,000. In contrast, the counties with the lowest percentage of whites were much larger, with an average population of 1,999,943. The smallest of these counties was Solano County, with a population of 411,620. All counties in California had a White majority, except Alameda County. White was the only reported racial group in 142 places, comprising one in ten of the total. The largest of these places was Forest Meadows, with a population of 1,546. Most of the ten places with the lowest reported percentage of whites were in Los Angeles County, and two of these places — Buck Meadows and Lookout — reported only racial categories other than White.
Asian was the third most commonly reported race in California, behind some other race. Asians comprised 13.1 percent (4,825,271) of California's population. San Francisco County had the highest percentage of Asians of any county in California (33.5 percent). Of the thirteen counties in which Asians comprised more than 10 percent of the population, the average had a population of 1,138,957. The ten counties with the lowest percentages of Asians were small (with an average population of 28,348) and landlocked. Of the nineteen places in California with the largest percentages of Asians, thirteen were in Los Angeles County, all but two very small places had a population of at least 7,000, and all but three had a population of at least 10,000. Buck Meadows, with a reported population of 12, was the only place in which Asian was the only reported racial group. Monterey Park, with a population of 60,251, had the highest percentage of Asians (65.4 percent) for all places with a population larger than 100. Asians are a rather concentrated racial group, with roughly one-third (490) of California's places reporting no Asians whatsoever, and only about one place in ten (183) reporting percentages of Asians greater than or equal to the state percentage.
Black or African American was the fourth most commonly reported racial group in California, comprising 6.1 percent (2,252,129) of the state's population, roughly half that of Asians. Solano County had the highest percentage of those reporting Black or African American as their race (14.6 percent), and they surpassed 10 percent in two other counties: Alameda (12.5 percent) and Sacramento (10.2 percent). Alpine County was the only county which reported exclusively racial groups other than Black or African American. Of the ten counties in California with the lowest percentage of Blacks or African Americans, all are relatively small (with an average population of 86,038), and all but Santa Cruz County are landlocked. In contrast, most of the ten counties with the highest percentages of Blacks or African Americans had rather high populations, with an average population of 1,918,645. View Park-Windsor Hills had the highest percentage of Blacks or African Americans of all places in California (83.8 percent), and all places reporting a majority of this racial group were in Los Angeles County. This racial group was even more concentrated than Asians were, with roughly four in ten (603) places not reporting this racial group at all and with only about place in ten (201) reporting a concentration above that of the state.
Native Americans, defined in this article as the sum of those reported their race as American Indian, Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian, or other Pacific Islanders, comprised more than 10 percent of the population in two counties: Alpine County (22.1 percent) and Inyo County (10.4 percent). Crows Landing had the highest percentage of Native Americans of any place in California (62.8 percent), and Native Americans comprised a majority of the population in a total of six places. In no case did a place that reported more than 10 percent of its population as Native American have a population of over 5,000. The place with the highest concentration of Native Americans and with a population of over 5,000 was East Palo Alto, in which 9.8 percent of the population was Native American.
Hispanic or Latino was the most commonly reported race or ethnic group in California other than White. Hispanics or Latinos may be of any race, but they report their race as either White or some other race in the vast majority of cases (see Relation between ethnicity and race in census results). They comprised 37.2 percent (13,752,743) of California's total population and comprised the majority of the population in eight counties. Of these counties, Imperial County reported the highest concentration (79.6 percent). Notably, Imperial County also borders Mexico. Of the ten counties which reported the highest concentration of Hispanics or Latinos, all but Monterey County were landlocked. On the other hand, the ten counties which reported the lowest concentrations of Hispanic or Latinos were also all landlocked. None of these counties have populations over 200,000 and their average population was 65,633. The county that reported the lowest concentration of Hispanics or Latinos was Trinity County (6.7 percent) with a population of just 13,711. Although San Diego County also borders Mexico, it nevertheless had a lower percentage of Hispanics or Latinos than nearby counties which don't.
Hispanics or Latinos comprised roughly the entire population in twelve places, the largest of these being Del Rey, with a population of 1,625. Another one of these places, Kettleman City, also had a population of more than 1,000. These places are also all located in either Tulare County or Fresno County. Sixty-seven places in total had concentrations of Hispanics or Latinos above 90 percent; the largest of these places was East Los Angeles. Three hundred and twenty-nine places, roughly one in five, had a majority. Roughly one in ten (190) places reported no Hispanics or Latinos, and in no case did the populations of these places exceed 3,000. The largest of these places was Kelly Ridge, with a population of 2,246.
Entire state
Counties
Cities and unincorporated places
See also
California
California locations by crime rate
California locations by income
California locations by voter registration
Demographics of California
Notes
References
California geography-related lists
Demographics of California
"Don't Waste Your Time" is a song by American pop rock singer-songwriter Kelly Clarkson. It was written by Clarkson, Jimmy Messer, Malcolm Pardon, and Fredrik Rinman, sampling riffs from Ira Losco's "Uh Oh". It is the second and final European single from Clarkson's third studio album, My December, released in several European countries via iTunes on November 16, 2007. It was released as a CD single in Germany on December 14, 2007. (See 2007 in music). In Australia, it was promoted as the album's third single in February 2008, in time for the Australian leg of the December Tour.
Single release
On July 27, 2007, Sony BMG UK exclusively revealed "Don't Waste Your Time" as the second single from My December to be released in the United Kingdom. It was never released in the UK, but was played on UK music television channels. Clarkson herself confirmed its release in Canada during her appearance in Canada's MTV Live on August 20, 2007. The release was eventually cancelled.
On August 23, 2007, Mizz Magazine confirmed that "Don't Waste Your Time" was going to be released in September 2007. However it was later postponed to November 2007 due to the music video not being ready for release. Nearing the date of October 29, 2007, "Don't Waste Your Time" was placed onto the "Coming Soon" list implying that the single will be released at a later time in the United Kingdom. The UK release of the single was scrapped and it was never released in the United States.
Critical reception
About.com editor Bill Lamb wrote that these songs "poppy" chorus of "Don't Waste Your Time" will have listeners signing along in no time. Rolling Stone editor Rob Sheffield wrote that her voice sags this song which according to him haves the best line of whole album: "Friend? What does that even mean?" Sputnik editor Dave Donnely wrote that ‘Don't Waste Your Time' boasts catchy hooks, but according to him "the verses are stagnant, bogged down by a rigid rhyming scheme which prevents the singer from injecting any fluidity into her performance." Stylus Magazine editor Josh Love wrote: "As lyrically sour as it may be, “Don't Waste Your Time” is a fantastically layered pop-rocker."
Music video
On August 20, 2007, Clarkson made an appearance on Canada's MTV Live before performing on Canadian Idol on August 21, 2007. During her appearance, she confirmed her plans on shooting the music video for the song in a couple of days. Clarkson added that her idea for the music video and it will be kind of a "rocker fairytale". In an interview, Clarkson said that in the video, she has dark colored hair.
A sneak peek of the video appeared on September 25, 2007 on Clarkson's official site. In the video you can see Clarkson and others filming the video and talking about the technical special effects. The video, which was directed by Roman White, is to take place in a castle, where Clarkson is trapped and a prince is trying to get in. The video premiered via internet on White's official website on October 5, 2007. The castle in the video is a digital copy of a Hungarian–Transylvanian Castle of Huniazilor/Corvineştilor (Hunyad Castle), located on Hunedoara, Romania.
The video itself features Clarkson with long, dark hair asleep on a large gothic bed covered in vines, as if to be a darker version of Sleeping Beauty, waiting for a prince to awaken her with a kiss. However, when the "prince" finally does arrive at the surreal castle, he finds that the vines are growing out of control, engulfing the building and keeping him out. He snaps vines and crawls around them to try to get to Clarkson. Throughout, Clarkson is seen in a blood red dress undoubtedly based on the album's cover, demanding that he not waste his time. The video ends with the prince finally reaching the bed on which Clarkson lies asleep, but it is nearly invisible due to the black vines growing around it. As he passes by, looking intently for her, the vines seal up the last hole through which the bed could be seen, and he walks past oblivious.
Blender praised the music video, writing that it is not so different from her previous ones.
Track listings and other formats
Official track listings and formats for "Don't Waste Your Time":
German CD single (88697 170342)
"Don't Waste Your Time" – 3:35
"Fading" – 2:51
German maxi single (88697 195192)
"Don't Waste Your Time" – 3:35
"Fading" – 2:51
"Maybe" [Sessions at AOL] – 4:24
"Don't Waste Your Time" [Music Video] – 3:35
'''Australian iTunes edition
"Don't Waste Your Time"
Release history
Charts
References
2007 singles
Kelly Clarkson songs
Music videos directed by Roman White
Songs written by Kelly Clarkson
RCA Records singles
2007 songs
Sony BMG singles
Song recordings produced by David Kahne
The Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Station () in southeastern Ukraine is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe and among the 10 largest in the world. It was built by the Soviet Union near the city of Enerhodar, on the southern shore of the Kakhovka Reservoir on the Dnieper river. It is operated by Energoatom, who also operate Ukraine's other three nuclear power stations.
The plant has six VVER-1000 pressurized light water nuclear reactors (PWR), each fuelled with U (LEU) and generating 950 MWe, for a total power output of 5,700 MWe. The first five were successively brought online between 1985 and 1989, and the sixth was added in 1995. The plant generates nearly half of the country's electricity derived from nuclear power, and more than a fifth of total electricity generated in Ukraine. The Zaporizhzhia thermal power station is nearby.
On 4 March 2022, the nuclear and thermal power stations were both captured by Russian forces during the Battle of Enerhodar of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. the plant is reportedly controlled by the Russian company Rosatom. The plant continued to be operated by Ukrainian staff, under Russian control, until 11 September 2022, when the sixth reactor was disconnected.
Facilities
The spent nuclear fuel is stored in cooling pools inside the reactor containments for up to five years. It is then transferred to an on-site dry cask storage facility that was commissioned in 2004.
The electricity generated is supplied to the Ukrainian grid through four 750kV overhead transmission lines and one 330kV line. One of the 750kV lines runs northwards across the Kakhovka Reservoir and on to the Dniprovska substation just south of Vilnohirsk in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast. The last-built of the 750kV lines runs 186 km south-westward to the Kakhovska substation just west of Nova Kakhovka and was commissioned in 2021. The 330kV line runs to the neighbouring thermal power station.
In 2017, modernization work was completed on reactor unit 3, enabling a 10-year life extension to 2027. In 2021, modernization work was completed on unit 5, enabling a 10-year life extension.
Incidents
In 2014
In May 2014, 40 armed members claiming to be representatives of Right Sector allegedly tried to gain access to the power plant area. The men were stopped by the Ukrainian police before entering into Enerhodar.
The Zaporizhzhia power plant is located around 200 km away from the War in Donbas combat zone, where fighting became very severe in 2014. On 31 August 2014, a Greenpeace member, Tobias Münchmeyer, expressed concerns the plant could be hit by heavy artillery from the fighting.
On 3 December 2014, Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk announced the occurrence of an incident several days before at the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant. The cause of the incident was reported as a short circuit in the power outlet system and was not linked to the site's production. One of the six reactors of the plant was shut down twice in December 2014. This and lack of coal for Ukraine's coal-fired power stations led to rolling blackouts throughout the country from early until late December 2014.
2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
After the Russian invasion of Ukraine began on 24 February 2022, Energoatom shut down Units 5 and 6 to reduce risk, keeping Units 1 to 4 in operation on 25 February.
At 11:28pm local time on 3 March 2022, a column of 10 Russian armored vehicles and two tanks approached the power plant. Fighting commenced at 12:48am on 4 March when Ukraine forces fired anti-tank missiles. Russian forces responded with a variety of weapons, including rocket-propelled grenades. During approximately two hours of heavy combat, a fire broke out in a training facility outside the main complex, which was extinguished by 6:20am, though other sections surrounding the plant sustained damage. The fire did not impact reactor safety or any essential equipment. The plant lost 1.3 GW of capacity. It was later learned that a large caliber bullet pierced an outer wall of Reactor No. 4 and an artillery shell hit a transformer at Reactor No. 6.
Ukrayinska Pravda reported on 12 March that the plant's management was told by Russian authorities that the plant now belonged to Rosatom, Russia's state nuclear power company. It continued to operate and supply data, including from a remote monitoring system, to the IAEA. It continued to be operated by Ukrainian staff, under Russian control.
From July, the situation has escalated significantly, leading to ongoing crisis. On 3 September an IAEA delegation visited the plant and on 6 September a report was published documenting damage and potential threats to plant security caused by external shelling and the presence of occupying troops in the plant.
On 11 September 2022, the final reactor was disconnected, as the plant entered cold shut down to minimize risks caused by continued shelling.
See also
Energy in Ukraine
Enerhodar Dnipro Powerline Crossing
List of power stations in Ukraine
Nuclear power in Ukraine
Crisis at the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant
References
External links
History of ZNPP
Information about the plant from INSC website
Buildings and structures in Zaporizhzhia Oblast
Energoatom
Nuclear power stations built in the Soviet Union
Nuclear power stations in Ukraine
Nuclear power stations using VVER reactors
Mario Rizzi (3 March 1926 – 13 April 2012) was the Roman Catholic Italian titular archbishop of Bagnoregio and apostolic nuncio to Bulgaria 1991–1996.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1948, Rizzi became bishop in 1991.
Notes
1926 births
2012 deaths
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishops
Apostolic Nuncios to Bulgaria
Philosophy Now is a bimonthly philosophy magazine sold from news-stands and book stores in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada; it is also available on digital devices, and online. It aims to appeal to the wider public, as well as to students and philosophy teachers. It was established in 1991 and was the first general philosophy magazine.
History
Philosophy Now was established in May 1991 as a quarterly magazine by Rick Lewis. The first issue included an article on free will by then atheist philosopher Antony Flew, who remained an occasional contributor for many years.
The magazine was initially published in Lewis' home town of Ipswich (England). Peter Rickman soon became one of the most regular contributors. In 1997, a group of American philosophers including Raymond Pfeiffer and Charles Echelbarger lobbied the American Philosophical Association to start a similar magazine in the United States. The then APA executive director Eric Hoffman arranged a meeting in Philadelphia in 1997, to which Lewis was invited. At the meeting, it was decided that the American group should join forces with Lewis to further develop Philosophy Now. Since that time, the magazine has been produced jointly by two editorial boards, in the UK and US. The magazine is distributed in the US by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
In 2000 Philosophy Now increased its frequency to appear bimonthly. Lewis is now the Editor-in-Chief, while Grant Bartley is Editor of the print edition and Bora Dogan edits the digital editions.
Philosophy Now won the Bertrand Russell Society Award for 2016.
Among the international collaborations of this magazine, it is possible to mention the collaboration with Praxis Publication, the first Iranian magazine(Edited By AmirAli Maleki), which, by obtaining the right to publish philosophy Now, translated this magazine for Persian readers for the first time.</ref>https://praxispublication.com/
Contents
The magazine contains articles on most areas of philosophy. Most are written by academics, though some are by postgraduate students or by independent writers. Although it aims at a non-specialist audience, Philosophy Now has frequently attracted articles by well-known thinkers.
Philosophy Now also regularly features book reviews, interviews, fiction, a film column, cartoons, and readers' letters. Its regular columnists include Raymond Tallis (Tallis in Wonderland) and Peter Adamson (Philosophy Then). For some years there was a philosophical agony-aunt column called Dear Socrates, allegedly written by a reincarnation of the Athenian sage. The magazine's contents are discussed in an online discussion forum.
Scoops and controversies
The philosophy Professor Antony Flew, noted for his arguments in favour of atheism, published a letter in Philosophy Now'''s August/September 2004 issue in which he first indicated that his position regarding God's existence had changed. The news of Flew's change-of-mind was carried in many newspapers worldwide, most of them referencing Flew's Philosophy Now letter.
A Philosophy Now interview with the Canadian philosopher Charles Taylor in 2009 created controversy in Canadian newspapers because of Taylor's dismissive remarks about an atheist poster campaign on buses.
Abstracting and indexing
The magazine is abstracted and indexed in:
British Humanities Index International Bibliography of Periodical Literature (IBZ)
Philosophy Now Festival
In 2011, the magazine organised a philosophy festival for the general public. The venue was Conway Hall in central London. Since then the Philosophy Now Festival has become a regular biannual event. The second Philosophy Now Festival was held in 2013, the third in 2015 and the fourth in January 2018. Each festival was a one-day event involving contributions from a large number of philosophy organisations including Philosophy For All and the Royal Institute of Philosophy. The next festival will be held on 18 January 2020.
Against Stupidity Award
Also in 2011, the magazine launched an annual award, the Philosophy Now Award for Contributions in the Fight Against Stupidity. The first winner was the philosopher Mary Midgley. Each year since, there has been an award ceremony at Conway Hall, including an acceptance speech. In 2011, 2013, 2015 and 2018 this was part of the Philosophy Now Festival.
In October 2015 Philosophy Now announced that the 2015 Award would for the first time be given to a children's author, Cressida Cowell. The full list of winners is:
2011: Mary Midgley
2012: Ben Goldacre
2013: Raymond Tallis
2014: Noam Chomsky
2015: Cressida Cowell
2016: Peter Singer
2017: James Randi
2018: Robert Sapolsky
2019: Angela Phillips
2020: Jon Ronson
See also
Newton's flaming laser sword
The Death of Postmodernism and Beyond''
Think
Café Philosophique
References
External links
1991 establishments in England
Bi-monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 1991
Magazines published in London
Philosophy magazines
Philosophy Documentation Center academic journals
Public philosophy
The 'flag of the Kingdom of Benin' is an unidentified West African flag that was brought to Britain after the Benin Expedition of 1897 against the Kingdom of Benin. Debate exists over the origin of the flag, including which West African people created it.
History
Dean Nicholas of History Today writes that "little is known of the flag's origins or meaning, nor even if it belonged to or was used by the Kingdom of Benin, though it is believed to be of Itsekri origin." According to the Royal Museums Greenwich, which has the flag in the National Maritime Museum's collection, it was brought to Britain by Royal Navy officer Francis William Kennedy who was part of the punitive expedition against the Kingdom of Benin in 1897.
The flag is located at the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, London, where it is not on display. The Museum description says the flag is "probably Itsekri", and that "the Itsekri people acted as middle men between the Edo people of Benin in the interior and the Europeans on the coast."
The Benin expedition was launched in reprisal against an attack on a British mission in the service of Niger Coast Protectorate by forces of the Oba of Benin. It was a combined naval and military operation under the command of Rear-Admiral Harry Holdsworth Rawson C.B. with local troops and carriers. The towns of Guato and Sapobar were attacked by detached forces while the main part of the expedition marched on Benin. The town was captured and accidentally burnt. Oba Overami, was exiled to Calabar where he died in 1914. The famous Benin bronzes were removed as reparations by the British.
In more recent times, the flag has attracted attention for its unusual and highly distinctive graphic design.
The National Maritime Museum holds a personal flag of Itsekiri chief and trader Nana Olomu which was also recovered by F. W. Kennedy.
References
Kingdom of Benin
Historical flags
Negrišori is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 499 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Legion of Space is a space opera science fiction series by American writer Jack Williamson. The story takes place in an era when humans have colonized the Solar System but dare not go farther, as the first extra-solar expedition to Barnard's Star failed and the survivors came back as babbling, grotesque, diseased madmen. They spoke of a gigantic planet, populated by ferocious animals and the single city left of the evil "Medusae". The Medusae bear a vague resemblance to jellyfish, but are actually elephant-sized, four-eyed, flying beings with hundreds of tentacles. The Medusae cannot speak, and communicate with one another via a microwave code.
Inspiration
While attending a Great Books course, Williamson learned that Henryk Sienkiewicz had created one of his works by taking the Three Musketeers of Alexandre Dumas and pairing them with John Falstaff of William Shakespeare. Williamson took this idea into science fiction with The Legion of Space, the first of the Legion of Space series.
Stories
The stories in the series are:
The Legion of Space (1934, 1947)
The Cometeers
One Against the Legion
The Queen of the Legion
Nowhere Near
Plot and characters
The series employs the plot device of the false document, purporting to have been written by a 20th-century American capable of experiencing the lives and adventures of his remote descendants in future centuries and writing them down. Williamson may have been influenced by the similar provenance which Edgar Rice Burroughs provided for The Moon Maid and The Moon Men a decade earlier.
The Falstaff character is named Giles Habibula. He was once a criminal, and can open any lock ever made. In his youth he was called Giles the Ghost. Jay Kalam (Commander of the Legion) and Hal Samdu (an anagram of "Dumas") are the names of the other two warriors.
The name Habibula seems to imply an Arab or Muslim background (it means "beloved of Allah" in Arabic). However, since the character displays few other signs of such a background, and since he bears an English first name going back to the Norman Conquest, Williamson seems to have rather implied a mixture of ethnicities and cultures during the centuries of spaceward expansion.
In this story, these warriors of the 30th century battle the Medusae, the alien race from the lone planet of Barnard's Star. The Legion itself is the military and police force of the Solar System after the overthrow of an empire called the Purple Hall that once ruled all humans.
In the novel, renegade Purple pretenders ally themselves with the Medusae as a means to regain their empire. But the Medusae, who are totally unlike humans in all ways, turn on the Purples, seeking to destroy all humans and move to the Solar System, as their own world, far older than Earth, is finally spiraling back into Barnard's Star. (This rationale for an invasion of Earth - the invaders coming from an older, dying planet, and having an existential need to find a new home - dates back to H.G. Wells' classic The War of the Worlds.)
One of the Purples, John Ulnar, supports the Legion from the start, and he is the fourth great warrior. His enemy is the Purple pretender Eric Ulnar, who sought the Medusae out in the first place, seeking to become the next Emperor of The Sun.
The Medusae conquered the Moon, set up their bases there, and went on to attempt conquest of the Solar System. The Medusae had for eons used a greenish, artificial greenhouse gas to keep their dying world from freezing. The Medusae learned from the first human expedition to their world that the gas rots human flesh, and the Medusae use it as a potent chemical weapon, attempting ecological destruction by means of projectiles fired from the Moon. Their vast spaceships also have very effective plasma weapons, very similar to those the Romulans had in a Star Trek episode called Balance of Terror.
This first Legion tale featured a secret weapon called AKKA. Using a space/time distortion, it could erase from the Universe any matter, of any size, anywhere, even a star or a planet. This weapon of mass destruction was entrusted to a series of women.
AKKA was used in the past to overthrow the Purple tyranny. In this story the Medusae tried to steal the secret weapon, but failed and their invasion force was destroyed. When they were wiped out, the Moon, where they had established their base, was erased out of existence.
At the end of the story, John Ulnar falls in love with the keeper of AKKA, Aladoree Anthar, and marries her. Aladoree Anthar is described as a young woman with lustrous brown hair and gray eyes, beautiful as a goddess.
Williamson then wrote The Cometeers, in which, twenty years after The Legion of Space, the same characters battle an alien race, this one of different origin.
In this second tale they fight the Cometeers, which are energy beings controlling a "comet" which is really a giant force field containing a swarm of planets populated by their slaves. The slave races are of flesh and blood, but none are remotely similar to humans. The Cometeers cannot be destroyed by AKKA, as they are incorporeal from the Universe's point of view and exist for the most part in an alternate reality. The ruling Cometeers feed on their slaves and literally absorb their souls, leaving disgusting, dying hulks in their wake. It is said that they do so because they were once fleshly entities themselves of various species. Hence, the ruling Cometeers keep other intelligent beings as slaves and "cattle." They fear AKKA, though, as it can erase all their possessions.
They are defeated by the skills of Giles Habibula. Giles broke into a secret chamber guarded by complex locks and force fields that the incorporeal Cometeers could not penetrate. In it the ruler of the Cometeers had kept its own weapon of mass destruction, one that would cause the Cometeers to disintegrate. The ruling Cometeer kept this weapon to enforce its rule over the others of its kind. Once the Cometeers were destroyed, their slaves were ordered by the Legion to take the comet and leave the Solar System, and never return.
Another novel, One Against the Legion, tells of a Purple pretender who sets up a robotic base on a world over seventy light years from Earth, and tries to conquer the Solar System using stolen matter transporter technology. In this story robots are outlawed, as they are in the Dune series. The story also features Jay Kalam, lobbying to allow the New Cometeers to leave the Solar System in peace, as many people were demanding that AKKA be used to obliterate the departing swarm of planets once and for all.
In 1982, Williamson published a final Legion novel, The Queen of the Legion. Giles Habibula reappears in this final novel, which is set after the disbanding of the Legion.
Works by other authors
The 1988 Combat Command series of roleplaying gamebooks included an entry based on The Legion of Space series, simply called The Legion at War. It was written by Andrew Keith with an introduction by Jack Williamson. Although it included references to characters and events in Williamson's past books in the series, all of the characters were new, including Vice Admiral David Ulnar, a descendant of John Ulnar. David Ulnar is the reader's point of view character. This book also includes a new original enemy, the Ka'slaq, who have invaded Star League space. Ulnar is a commander of the Legion's Ninth Defense squadron and must repel the invading alien fleet. The reader is required to make decisions based on strategies and wise deployments of his fleet ships. Dice rolls and combat charts included in the book determine battle outcomes. However, much of the gamebook involves attempting to outthink the Ka'slaq, thus, having more ships than the opponent is not a guarantee of victory and sometimes works against you.
Australian comic book pioneer, Phillip Wearne, at the age of 17, adapted Legion of Space into the first comic book published in Southern Australia. Wearne drew the art for the comic book of the same name. The comic book was published in 1943 by H.E. Hoffman.
Critical reception
John Clute rated the series as "The best of [Williamson's] pre–World War Two work"; comparing it to the Lensman series, he noted that "Williamson's relative incapacity to impart a sense of brute scale was perhaps balanced by a very much greater gift for characterization".
References
Science fiction book series
Works by Jack Williamson
The 2019 IndyCar Grand Prix was the fifth round of the 2019 IndyCar season. The race took place over 85 laps on the infield road course at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana. Simon Pagenaud, who drove for Team Penske, made a late race pass on Scott Dixon to win his first race since 2017.
Results
Qualifying
Race
Notes: Points include 1 point for leading at least 1 lap during a race, an additional 2 points for leading the most race laps, and 1 point for Pole Position.
Championship standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Manufacturer standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included.
References
IndyCar Grand Prix
IndyCar Grand Prix
IndyCar Grand Prix
Snout–vent length (SVL) is a morphometric measurement taken in herpetology from the tip of the snout to the most posterior opening of the cloacal slit (vent). It is the most common measurement taken in herpetology, being used for all amphibians, lepidosaurs, and crocodilians (for turtles, carapace length (CL) and plastral length (PL) are used instead). The SVL differs depending on whether the animal is struggling or relaxed (if alive), or various other factors if it is a preserved specimen. For fossils, an osteological correlate such as precaudal length must be used. When combined with weight and body condition, SVL can help deduce age and sex.
Advantages
Because tails are often missing or absent, especially in juveniles, SVL is seen as more invariant than total length. Even in the case of crocodiles, tail tips may be missing.
Methods
The measurements may be taken with dial calipers or digital calipers.
Various devices are used to position the animal while the measurement is being taken, such as a snake tube, "Mander Masher", or a "Salamander Stick".
References
Further reading
Herpetology
Measurement
Lemuel Abbott (ca. 1730 – April 1776) was an English clergyman and poet.
Life
Little is known of his background, but he was a curate in Anstey, Leicestershire, and vicar of Thornton. He is known to posterity primarily for his collection of poems titled Poems on Various Subjects, whereto is Prefixed a Short Essay on the Structure of English Verse, published in 1765. Abbott and his wife Mary were probably the parents of the artist Lemuel Francis Abbott.
References
Richard Allen (1866) Allen's Illustrated Hand-Book and Guide to all the Places of Interest in Nottingham and its Environs, Richard Allen & Son, p. 79
Thompson Cooper, "Abbott, Lemuel (d. 1776)", rev. Michael Bevan, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004 (http://www.oxforddnb.com/view/article/20, accessed 21 March 2007)
1730s births
1776 deaths
18th-century English Anglican priests
People from the Borough of Rugby
English male poets
Hot Pants can refer to:
Hotpants or hot pants, an item of clothing
"Hot Pants" (James Brown song)
"Hot Pants" (Gene Summers song)
Hot Pants Patrol, a promotional group for the Philadelphia Phillies
Hot Pants (band), a French band formed by singer Manu Chao prior to the establishment of Mano Negra
Hot Pants (album)
Hot Pants, a side character in Hirohiko Araki's manga series Steel Ball Run
Svea Court of Appeal (), located in Stockholm, is one of six appellate courts in the Swedish legal system. It is located in the Wrangel Palace, on Riddarholmen islet in Gamla Stan, the old town of Stockholm.
History
The Svea Court of Appeal was founded in 1614 and was the highest court in Sweden until 1789, when the Supreme Court of Sweden was established.
Among people sentenced to death by the court was Nicolaus Olai Campanius, convicted of being a Catholic, and Jacob Johan Anckarström, convicted of the assassination of Gustaf III of Sweden.
Buildings
The Svea Court of Appeal is located in several buildings on Riddarholmen. Apart from the Wrangel Palace, which is the main building, it also has divisions in i.a. the Hessenstein Palace, the Stenbock Palace and the Schering-Rosenhane Palace.
See also
Courts of appeal in Sweden
Literature
Korpiola, Mia (ed.): The Svea Court of Appeal on the Early Modern Period: Historical Reinterpretations and New Perspectives. (Rättshistoriska studier, 26.) Stockholm: Institutet för Rättshistorisk Forskning, 2014. .
External links
Svea Court of Appeal website
Svea Court of Appeal — Website in English
Courts in Sweden
Appellate courts
Government buildings in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Stockholm
1614 establishments in Sweden
"The Last Walt" is the 20th episode of the third season of the American sitcom Modern Family and the series' 68th episode overall. This episode originally aired on ABC on April 18, 2012. It was written by Dan O'Shannon, Paul Corrigan & Brad Walsh and directed by Michael Spiller.
Plot
Claire (Julie Bowen) and Phil (Ty Burrell) do not know how to tell Luke (Nolan Gould) that their elder neighbor Walt, who Luke became close friends with, died. When they finally do, Claire is worried about Luke because he does not show any emotional reaction to the news while Phil worries about Claire's reaction; every time she said that Walt died, she smiled. When Phil mentions that to her she changes the subject to Luke's reaction for which both get more worried when they see Luke stealing Walt's TV from his house.
Claire tries to talk to Luke using the TV as a way to get emotion from Luke over Walt's passing but she fails and she asks him to take it back. Whilst returning the television she sees Luke looking sadly across the lawn at his room and he somberly tells his mom that he would see the TV light on at the house and confirm that Walt was OK. Claire then lets him keep the TV and calls Phil to say Luke is doing just fine.
Haley (Sarah Hyland) wants to throw a party in Jay (Ed O'Neill) and Gloria's (Sofía Vergara) house without permission so she tells Gloria that a responsible relative will be the chaperone and to Claire that her "uncle" will be a chaperone. Claire believes she talks about Mitch (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) but she talks about Manny (Rico Rodriguez). Manny is aghast at the activities that Haley's friends are getting up to. When Gloria comes home, she is equally angry at Haley for throwing the party and Manny for not having any fun; she then punishes Haley by making her continue with the party as Manny sets out to have immature fun as his mom wanted.
Phil realizes that Walt never fixed his estrangement from his daughter and he decides that he does not want the same thing to happen to himself and Alex (Ariel Winter), so he sets out with her for some great stories to fill in the empty gallery of Phil-Alex moments. All his attempts to create something special (he even tries to get a woman in labor so they can help her deliver since no one else is around to do it) fail and when Alex asks him why he is acting so weird, he tells her that he just wants to create a special memory for her. Alex tells him she will always remember how her dad spent the entire day trying to create a memory for her. Before heading home, Phil carves his daughter's initials on the moon signage of the diner they visit, just as the astronaut Eugene Cernan did for own his daughter on the actual moon.
Meanwhile, Cam's father Merle (Barry Corbin) visits and Mitch and Cam (Eric Stonestreet) invite Jay for dinner, as the two never really bonded. Jay tries to avoid the dinner pretending to be sick but Mitch forces him to come along and make an effort. At the same time, Cam is forced to tell his father to do the same with Jay, as he does not like him either. Over dinner, the two men clash, with Jay hating the fact that Merle treats Mitchell like the woman in the relationship. Jay and Merle eventually talk and realize that they both try and treat their son's partner as the woman in a relationship because it makes them feel better. They finally come together and agree that they just have to accept the fact that their sons are gay and happy together.
Production
This episode was written by Dan O'Shannon, Paul Corrigan and Brad Walsh, and directed by Michael Spiller. Along with the main cast, this episode featured Barry Corbin as Merle Tucker, Cameron's father.
Reception
Ratings
The episode was watched by 10.21 million viewers with an adult 18-49 rating/share of 4.1/11, a slight decline from the previous episode, "Election Day".
Reviews
This episode received mixed reviews.
Michael Adams from 411mania gave the episode 8/10 saying that the character of the week was Cam's father, Merle: "Character of the week goes to our guest star this week, Barry Corbin, who created the role of Merle Tucker. Merle is the complete opposite of Cam, which makes the character so much more enjoyable to watch. However, there is a part of the 2 men that is very similar; perhaps it's their farming background? Who knows? Either way, Merle and his gruffness was a great addition to the show this week."
Jules of Two Cents TV gave a good review to the episode saying: "I really enjoyed Phil's story of trying to have that special day with Alex. Claire smiling as a coping mechanism was strange, but if anyone were to have something strange like that, it would be Claire. And Mr. Corbin as Cam's dad was great!"
Leigh Raines of TV Fanatic rated the episode with 3.5/5. She liked the moments of most characters, one being Manny's small but rather memorable role. She stated "Manny had a minor storyline but it happened to be my favorite of the night." One of the moments she didn't enjoy was with Merle Tucker, Cam's father. "'The Last Walt' was an episode with a couple of different storylines running, unfortunately the dinner with Cam's dad was probably my least favorite."
Christine N. Ziemba of Paste Magazine gave the episode 6.8/10. She praised the storyline between Jay and Cameron's father and hailed Mitchell's line regarding cities and farms as the best of the night, remarking that it "was the funniest line of the night—but unfortunately, it didn't have much competition in 'The Last Walt'."
Donna Bowman from The A.V. Club gave the episode a C+ rate saying that the episode was "overstuffed". "Too bad it has to elbow for room with so many other ideas and characters in far-flung storylines. Sometimes when you overstuff an episode, you end up with less than the sum of the parts. That's a shame when some of the parts are really good, and others could have been, with more time and a bigger spotlight."
References
External links
"The Last Walt" at ABC.com
2012 American television episodes
Modern Family (season 3) episodes
The 1st Aviation Brigade () is a brigade of the Polish Armed Forces, headquartered in Inowrocław. The brigade is designed to provide military aviation support to the Polish Land Forces.
History
The 1st Aviation Brigade was formed in 2011 based on the decision of the Minister of National Defense. Elements of the brigade took part in the War in Afghanistan, providing air support for Polish ground contingents. The brigade's anniversary was set to 6 June while a commemorative badge of the 1st Air Force Brigade was also introduced by the Minister of National Defense in April 2012.
Structure
The brigade is structured as follows:
1st Army Aviation Brigade in Inowrocław
49th Air Base in Pruszcz Gdański
1st Squadron with 12x Mi-24W attack helicopters
2nd Squadron with 12x Mi-2URP attack helicopters
3rd Squadron with 16x Mi-2 NVG training helicopters
56th Air Base in Inowrocław
1st Squadron with 12x Mi-24W attack helicopters
2nd Squadron with 12x Mi-2URP attack helicopters
3rd Squadron with 8x PZL W-3PL Głuszec combat search and rescue helicopters
Air Reconnaissance Squadron in Mirosławiec with 45x Orbiter unmanned aerial vehicles
Commanders
Brigadier General Krzysztof Mitręga (June 2011 - February 2014)
Brigadier General pil. Dariusz Wroński (February 2014 - January 2015)
Colonel Wiesław Franczak (January 2015 - June 2015)
Colonel Sławomir Mąkosa (June 2015 - present)
References
Military units and formations established in 2011
Army brigades of Poland
Army aviation brigades
Meall Mor (747 m) is a mountain in the Grampian Mountains of Scotland. It lies in the Stirling region, on the northern side of Loch Katrine in the Trossachs.
A rough wedge-like peak, the nearest village is Balquhidder to the northeast.
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Grahams
Mountains and hills of Stirling (council area)
Mountains and hills of the Southern Highlands
Ilham B. Lahia (born 29 December 1967) is an Indonesian boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Indonesian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Indonesia
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Featherweight boxers
20th-century Indonesian people
21st-century Indonesian people
Tsujigiri ( or , literally "crossroads killing") is a Japanese term for a practice when a samurai, after receiving a new katana or developing a new fighting style or weapon, tests its effectiveness by attacking a human opponent, usually a random defenseless passer-by, in many cases during nighttime. The practitioners themselves are also referred to as tsujigiri.
Variations
Sword attacks were not the only possible application of this act. In a variation named tsuji-nage (, "crossroads throwing"), the samurai would attack the passerby with jujutsu in order to test his own techniques or indulge in alive practice. This must not be mistaken with tsuji-zumo, unsanctioned sumo bouts hosted in the street between willing participants.
History
In the medieval era, the term referred to traditional duels between samurai, but in the Sengoku period (1467–1600), widespread lawlessness caused it to degrade into indiscriminate murder, permitted by the unchecked power of the samurai. Shortly after order was restored, the Edo government prohibited the practice in 1602. Offenders would receive capital punishment.
1696 sprees killing
The only known incident in which a very large number of people were indiscriminately killed in the Edo period was the 1696 Yoshiwara spree killing (, Yoshiwara hyakunin giri; "The Yoshiwara A Hundred Slashing"), where a wealthy lord, Sano Jirōzaemon, had a psychotic fit and murdered dozens of prostitutes with a katana in Yoshiwara, the red-light district of Edo (modern-day Tokyo). Despite his class and heritage, he was treated by authorities as a spree killer and was later sentenced to death and executed. Later, a kabuki play was made about the incident, which inspired the 1960 movie adaptation Hero of the Red-Light District.
Mary Midgley's "Trying Out One's New Sword"
The British philosopher Mary Midgley wrote an essay attacking cultural relativism and moral relativism in 1981. In "Trying Out One's New Sword", she discusses tsujigiri as an example of an abominable practice that should be condemned, with no need to be part of the culture that might create it. The professor of Japanese history Jordan Sand criticized Midgley for misrepresenting the practices of ancient Japan by indicating that tsujigiri was never condoned, and it is not even clear it happened with any frequency. Sand believes that any samurai who did so was both rare and would be considered insane by the culture of the era and that Midgley erred in presenting it had been an accepted practice.
See also
Crypteia
Kiri-sute gomen
Tameshigiri
References
Japanese martial arts terminology
Edo period
Adelmo is a masculine Spanish and Italian given name. People named Adelmo include:
Adelmo Bulgarelli (born 1932), Italian wrestler
Adelmo Paris (born 1954), Italian footballer
Adelmo Prenna (1930–2008), Italian footballer
Italian masculine given names
Kayı is a village in the Kemer district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Kemer District, Burdur
Moral realism (also ethical realism) is the position that ethical sentences express propositions that refer to objective features of the world (that is, features independent of subjective opinion), some of which may be true to the extent that they report those features accurately. This makes moral realism a non-nihilist form of ethical cognitivism (which accepts that ethical sentences express propositions and can therefore be evaluated as true or false) with an ontological orientation, standing in opposition to all forms of moral anti-realism and moral skepticism, including ethical subjectivism (which denies that moral propositions refer to objective facts), error theory (which denies that any moral propositions are true); and non-cognitivism (which denies that moral sentences express propositions at all). Within moral realism, the two main subdivisions are ethical naturalism and ethical non-naturalism.
Many philosophers claim that moral realism may be dated back at least to Plato as a philosophical doctrine,
and that it is a fully defensible form of moral doctrine. A survey from 2009 involving 3,226 respondents found that 56% of philosophers accept or lean towards moral realism (28%: anti-realism; 16%: other). Another study in 2020 found 62.1% accept or lean towards realism. Some notable examples of robust moral realists include David Brink, John McDowell, Peter Railton, Geoffrey Sayre-McCord, Michael Smith, Terence Cuneo, Russ Shafer-Landau, G. E. Moore, John Finnis, Richard Boyd, Nicholas Sturgeon, Thomas Nagel and Derek Parfit. Norman Geras has argued that Karl Marx was a moral realist. Moral realism has been studied in the various philosophical and practical applications.
Robust versus minimal moral realism
A delineation of moral realism into a minimal form, a moderate form, and a robust form has been put forward in the literature.
The robust model of moral realism commits moral realists to three theses:
The semantic thesis: The primary semantic role of moral predicates (such as "right" and "wrong") is to refer to moral properties (such as rightness and wrongness), so that moral statements (such as "honesty is good" and "slavery is unjust") purport to represent moral facts, and express propositions that are true or false (or approximately true, largely false, and so on).
The alethic thesis: Some moral propositions are in fact true.
The metaphysical thesis: Moral propositions are true when actions and other objects of moral assessment have the relevant moral properties (so that the relevant moral facts obtain), where these facts and properties are robust: their metaphysical status, whatever it is, is not relevantly different from that of (certain types of) ordinary non-moral facts and properties.
The minimal model leaves off the metaphysical thesis, treating it as matter of contention among moral realists (as opposed to between moral realists and moral anti-realists). This dispute is not insignificant, as acceptance or rejection of the metaphysical thesis is taken by those employing the robust model as the key difference between moral realism and moral anti-realism. Indeed, the question of how to classify certain logically possible (if eccentric) views—such as the rejection of the semantic and alethic theses in conjunction with the acceptance of the metaphysical thesis—turns on which model we accept. Someone employing the robust model might call such a view "realist non-cognitivism," while someone employing the minimal model might simply place such a view alongside other, more traditional, forms of non-cognitivism.
The robust model and the minimal model also disagree over how to classify moral subjectivism (roughly, the view that moral facts are not mind-independent in the relevant sense, but that moral statements may still be true). The historical association of subjectivism with moral anti-realism in large part explains why the robust model of moral realism has been dominant—even if only implicitly—both in the traditional and contemporary philosophical literature on metaethics.
In the minimal sense of realism, R. M. Hare could be considered a realist in his later works, as he is committed to the objectivity of value judgments, even though he denies that moral statements express propositions with truth-values per se. Moral constructivists like John Rawls and Christine Korsgaard may also be realists in this minimalist sense; the latter describes her own position as procedural realism. Some readings of evolutionary science such as those of Charles Darwin and James Mark Baldwin have suggested that in so far as an ethics may be associated with survival strategies and natural selection then such behavior may be associated with a moderate position of moral realism equivalent to an ethics of survival.
Advantages
Moral realism allows the ordinary rules of logic (modus ponens, etc.) to be applied straightforwardly to moral statements. We can say that a moral belief is false or unjustified or contradictory in the same way we would about a factual belief. This is a problem for expressivism, as shown by the Frege–Geach problem.
Another advantage of moral realism is its capacity to resolve moral disagreements: if two moral beliefs contradict one another, realism says that they cannot both be right, and therefore everyone involved ought to be seeking out the right answer to resolve the disagreement. Contrary theories of meta-ethics have trouble even formulating the statement "this moral belief is wrong," and so they cannot resolve disagreements in this way.
Proponents
Philippa Foot adopts a moral realist position, criticizing Stevenson's idea that when evaluation is superposed on fact there has been a "committal in a new dimension." She introduces, by analogy, the practical implications of using the word "injury." Not just anything counts as an injury. There must be some impairment. When we suppose a man wants the things the injury prevents him from obtaining, haven't we fallen into the old naturalistic fallacy?
Foot argues that the virtues, like hands and eyes in the analogy, play so large a part in so many operations that it is implausible to suppose that a committal in a non-naturalist dimension is necessary to demonstrate their goodness.
W. D. Ross articulates his moral realism in analogy to mathematics by stating that the moral order is just as real as "the spatial or numerical structure expressed in the axioms of geometry or arithmetic".
In his defense of Divine Command Theory and thereby moral realism, C. Stephen Evans comments that the fact that there are significant moral disagreements does not undermine moral realism. Much of what may appear to be moral disagreement is actually disagreement over facts. In abortion debates, for example, the crux of the issue may really be whether a fetus is a human person. He goes on to comment that there are in fact tremendous amounts of moral agreement. There are five common principles that are recognized by different human cultures, including (1) A general duty not to harm others and a general duty to benefit others; (2) Special duties to those with whom one has special relations, such as friends and family members; (3) Duties to be truthful; (4) Duties to keep one's commitments and promises; (5) Duties to deal fairly and justly with others.
Criticisms
Several criticisms have been raised against moral realism. A prominent criticism, articulated by J.L. Mackie, is that moral realism postulates the existence of "entities or qualities or relations of a very strange sort, utterly different from anything else in the universe. Correspondingly, if we were aware of them it would have to be by some faculty members of moral perception or intuition, utterly different from our ordinary ways of knowing everything else." A number of theories have been developed for how we access objective moral truths, including ethical intuitionism and moral sense theory.
Another criticism of moral realism put forth by Mackie is that it can offer no plausible explanation for cross-cultural moral differences— ethical relativism. "The actual variations in the moral codes are more readily explained by the hypothesis that they reflect ways of life than by the hypothesis that they express perceptions, most of them seriously inadequate and badly distorted, of objective values".
The evolutionary debunking argument suggests that because human psychology is primarily produced by evolutionary processes which do not seem to have a reason to be sensitive to moral facts, taking a moral realist stance can only lead to moral skepticism. The aim of the argument is to undercut the motivations for taking a moral realist stance, namely to be able to assert there are reliable moral standards.
See also
Cognitivism
Cornell realism
Emotivism
Moral absolutism
Moral relativism
Morality
Nominalism
The Right and the Good
References
Further reading
Moral Realism - article from Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Moral realism - article from Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Hume, David (1739). Treatise Concerning Human Nature, edited by L.A. Selby-Bigge. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1888.
Ethical theories
Meta-ethics
Philosophical realism
Walter Leonard "Ben" Jones (2 October 1885 – 16 January 1924) was an Australian politician who served as a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1917 to 1921, representing the seat of Fremantle.
Jones was born in Sedgley, Staffordshire, England, to Elizabeth Mary (née Simpson) and James Jones. He studied to become a minister at the University of Birmingham but did not complete his course, instead moving to Western Australia in 1905. Jones worked as an auctioneer and insurance agent, and also became an organiser for the Labor Party, running John McDonald's campaign at the 1911 state election and Alick McCallum's campaign at the 1913 federal election. He enlisted in the Australian Naval and Military Expeditionary Force in August 1915, and served in New Guinea until being discharged due to ill health in May 1917.
After leaving the military, Jones arrived back in Australia in time to contest the 1917 state election, where he defeated William Carpenter of the National Labor Party in Fremantle. In 1919, in the aftermath of the Fremantle wharf riot, he was twice fined for giving speeches on the Fremantle Esplanade without the permission of the Fremantle Municipal Council. His subsequent unsuccessful appeals prompted a debate about freedom of speech. At the 1921 state election, Jones was defeated by a Nationalist candidate, Frank Gibson. He was taken ill in the middle of 1923, and died in Fremantle in January 1924, aged 38. He had married Winifred Alwina Ninke in 1915, with whom he had one daughter.
References
1885 births
1924 deaths
Australian Army soldiers
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Australian military personnel of World War I
English emigrants to Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Sedgley
20th-century Australian politicians
Başköy is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
KMPT, UHF analog channel 19, was a dual ABC/DuMont-affiliated television station licensed to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States, which operated from November 22, 1953 to February 4, 1955. Owned by KLPR Television, Inc., it was a sister outlet to radio station KLPR (1140 AM, now KRMP). KMPT's studios were located on Southwest 28th and West Commerce Streets in southwest Oklahoma City's Capitol Hill neighborhood, and its transmitter was located on East Britton Road and North Lincoln Boulevard in northeast Oklahoma City.
Forty years after the station ceased operations due to financial difficulties that led to KMPT's bankruptcy, the UHF channel 19 allocation was reassigned to the Equity Broadcasting Corporation, which launched a new station on that channel, K19EA (now Cornerstone Television affiliate KUOT-CD), in March 1995.
History
On December 5, 1952, KLPR Television Inc. – an Oklahoma City-based company co-owned by Byrne Ross (owner of radio station KLPR 1140 AM, now KRMP), Barton Theatres owner R. Lewis Barton, Oklahoma National Bank vice president Lester E. Johnson, plumbing contractor M. E. Nesbitt, dry cleaning businessman R. N. Salmon, Baptist minister Hugh Bumpas (5/2570), attorney Herman Merson, KLPR radio commercial manager Fred M. Farha, and KLPR account executive Monty Wells – submitted an application to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for a construction permit to build and license to operate a broadcast television station in the Oklahoma City market that would transmit on UHF channel 19. The FCC eventually granted the license to KLPR Television on February 11, 1953. While the station was known as KLPR-TV at launch, the legal call sign used instead was KMPT, which had been assigned in July. At launch, KLPR-TV programming included DuMont shows and ABC professional football telecasts. The station also made headlines for a unique policy under Ross; not wanting to see his station drive anyone to alcoholism, he refused to accept advertisements from alcoholic beverage companies on the station. That stance, however, only lasted as long as Ross ran the station; on January 26, 1954, he resigned, citing differences with the board of directors, and the station lifted the ban. The station also began using the KMPT call sign in local media at this time.
Within weeks of Ross resigning, and already facing a lawsuit seeking $27,000 from the company that installed the tower, KLPR Television, Inc., filed for bankruptcy, stating it was more than $250,000 in debt. The bankruptcy petition did not affect KLPR radio, but the situation scared off Gordon McLendon, who had been in negotiations to buy a stake in the station, but did not take over management and opted out, finding KMPT "too far gone". On April 27, the FCC approved the transfer of channel 19 to trustee and receiver Everett E. Cotter. The station remained on air until the night of February 2, 1955, the day before a federal judge signed an order to close down KMPT. Creditors blamed KMPT's inability to draw sufficient advertising revenue as the reason for its demise.
Following its shutdown, attempts were made to utilize KMPT's former facilities and channel allocation. The Republic Television and Radio Company proposed utilizing the KMPT transmitter facility to operate ABC affiliate KTVQ (channel 25, allocation now occupied by Fox affiliate KOKH-TV) as part of a proposal to relaunch that station on VHF channel 11, which had been assigned to Tulsa as a non-commercial allocation and was granted to the Oklahoma Educational Television Authority (OETA) for KOED-TV, a planned satellite of its Oklahoma City flagship KETA-TV (channel 13). The proposal was twice denied by the FCC: first on February 1, 1956, and again on July 5, 1956.
On May 3, 1957, movie theater operator Malco Theaters Inc. applied to operate a television station on channel 19. Another application would be filed for the allocation in 1962 by the new owners of KLPR, doing business as KLPR-TV, Inc. The FCC granted the application in 1965, but after an overhaul of UHF allocations nationwide, the new KLPR-TV, which would broadcast in 1966 and 1967, would do so on channel 14.
References
MPT (TV)
Defunct television stations in the United States
Television channels and stations established in 1953
1953 establishments in Oklahoma
Television channels and stations disestablished in 1955
1955 disestablishments in Oklahoma
MPT
Othellos Famagusta was a Cypriot football club based in Famagusta. The team playing sometimes in Second Division. It was dissolved in 1963.
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 1963
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
1963 disestablishments in Cyprus
Adele Carolyn Morales (June 12, 1925 – November 22, 2015) was an American painter and memoirist.
Early life
Morales was born in New York City, to a Spanish mother and Native Peruvian father. She grew up in Bensonhurst but moved to Manhattan, where she studied painting with Hans Hofmann and took up a bohemian lifestyle, being involved for several years with Edwin Fancher (who, together with Norman Mailer and Dan Wolf, founded The Village Voice) and briefly with Jack Kerouac.
Mailer's biographer Mary Dearborn says of those days:Adele thrived in the city. She frequented the Village bars, especially those, like the San Remo and the Cedar Tavern, favored by artists and writers, and she dressed in fantastic, gypsylike outfits. By all accounts, she had extraordinary physical presence. With striking dark good looks and a beautiful body, she seemed to exude sexuality. (It was widely known that her lingerie was ordered from Frederick's of Hollywood.)
Life with Norman Mailer
In 1951 she moved in with Norman Mailer in an apartment upstairs from Wolf's, on First Avenue near Second Street in the East Village; they were married in 1954 and lived in a "loft on Monroe Street in the shadows of the Manhattan Bridge," which became a "popular salon" for the New York intelligentsia.
But after visiting Paris in the summer of 1956 Mailer and Morales decided to leave New York; Mailer wrote "the city was not alive for me. I was on edge. My wife was pregnant. It seemed abruptly too punishing to live at the pace we had been going for several years." In the fall of 1956 they moved to a rented "sprawling white saltbox farmhouse" in Bridgewater, Connecticut, near a literary and artistic community that included Arthur Miller and William Styron in nearby Roxbury.
In 1957, she gave birth to her first daughter, Danielle. Although Adele was happy at first in the country, there was "a constant low-level hostility between Norman and Adele, which got worse when they drank." They moved back to New York in the fall of 1958, renting an apartment at 73 Perry St. in the Village; Adele bore another daughter, Elizabeth Anne, in 1959. In the summer of 1960, in Provincetown, Massachusetts, Adele danced in a production called "The Pirates of Provincetown," and James Baldwin praised her performance, "though she had no lines beyond one scream, which she delivered with gusto in high 'method' style"; later that summer she had to bail Norman out of jail after a drunken run-in with the police.
Stabbing
On Saturday, November 19, 1960, Mailer stabbed Adele with a penknife after a party, nearly killing her. He cut through her breast, only just missing her heart. Then he stabbed her in the back. As she lay there, hemorrhaging, one man reached down to help her. Mailer snapped: "Get away from her. Let the bitch die."
He was involuntarily committed to Bellevue Hospital for 17 days; his wife would not press charges, and he later pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of assault, and was given a suspended sentence. In the short term, Morales made a physical recovery, and the two divorced in 1962.
Aftermath
In 1997, she published a memoir of her marriage to Mailer titled The Last Party, which recounted the violence and its aftermath. This incident has been a focal point for feminist critics of Mailer, who point to themes of sexual violence in his work.
She spent her last years in a rent-controlled Manhattan tenement in relative poverty. The former couple had two daughters: Danielle "Dandy" Mailer (born 1957) is a painter, and Elizabeth Anne "Betsy" Mailer (born 1959) is a writer. Adele Morales died in New York City on November 22, 2015 from pneumonia, at the age of 90.
References
External links
1925 births
2015 deaths
American memoirists
American people of Peruvian descent
American people of Spanish descent
Deaths from pneumonia in New York City
People from Bensonhurst, Brooklyn
People from the East Village, Manhattan
People from Bridgewater, Connecticut
Stabbing survivors
Góriz or Refuge of Góriz, is a mountain refuge located in the province of Huesca in the Spanish Pyrenees. The hut is a hub of different treks in the area, like GR 11 or Monte Perdido climb. It can guest 72 people and used to be full so it used to be necessary to book in advance. Its height is and its coordinates are N 42° 39,783′ E 000° 00.911′.
See also
List of mountains in Aragon
List of Pyrenean three-thousanders
External links
Normal route and Escaleras route to climb Monte Perdido komandokroketa.org, retrieved 2013-08-20
"Glaciar de Monte Perdido - Gavarnie and Monte Perdido Massif" swisseduc.ch, retrieved 2013-08-20
official webpage
Mountains of Aragon
Mountains of the Pyrenees
Mikołajowice may refer to the following places in Poland:
Mikołajowice, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Mikołajowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Tanios El Khoury (4 May 1930 – 20 September 2022) was an eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon.
Life
El Khoury was born in Saghbine, Lebanon. On 14 June 1958, he received his ordination to the priesthood and was incardinated in the clergy of the Eparchy of Sidon. On 8 June 1996, Pope John Paul II appointed him Eparch of Sidon. The Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Cardinal Nasrallah Pierre Sfeir, ordained him bishop on 5 October of the same year. His co-consecrators were Boutros Gemayel, Archeparch of Cyprus, and Roland Aboujaoudé, auxiliary bishop of Antioch. On 28 December 2005, Pope Benedict XVI accepted his age-related resignation.
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bkhout.html
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/diocese/said1.htm
1930 births
2022 deaths
20th-century Maronite Catholic bishops
21st-century Maronite Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope John Paul II
Eastern Catholic bishops in Lebanon
Lebanese clergy
Paya Besar may refer to:
Paya Besar, Kedah
Paya Besar, Pahang
Paya Besar (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Paya Besar (state constituency), formerly represented in the Pahang State Legislative Council
Graphium euphrates is a butterfly found in the Philippines and Sulawesi that belongs to the swallowtail family.
The larva feeds on Annona, Desmos and Uvaria species.
Subspecies
G. e. euphrates (Philippines: Busuanga, Cuyo, Homonhon, Leyte, Luzon, Marinduque, Mindanao, Mindoro, Samar)
G. e. nisus Jordan (northern Luzon)
G. e. domaranus (Fruhstorfer, 1903) (Philippines: Palawan, Dumaran, Balabac)
G. e. ornatus (Rothschild, 1895) (Halmahera, Ternate, Bachan)
G. e. boholensis Page, 1987 (Philippines: Bohol)
G. e. buhisanus Page, 1987 (Philippines: Cebu)
G. e. elegantia Tsukada & Nishiyama, 1980 (southern Sulawesi)
References
Page & Treadaway, 2003 Schmetterlinge der Erde, Butterflies of the world Part XVII (17), Papilionidae IX Papilionidae of the Philippine Islands. Edited by Erich Bauer and Thomas Frankenbach Keltern: Goecke & Evers; Canterbury: Hillside Books.
euphrates
Butterflies described in 1862
State Highway 10, commonly referred to as MH SH 10, is a normal state highway that runs south through Pune, Ahmednagar, Nashik and Dhule districts in the state of Maharashtra, India. This state highway touches the cities of Dondaicha, Shevade, Mehergaon, Kusumbe, Malegaon, Manmad, Yeola, Kopargaon, Shirdi Rahata, Rahuri, Ahmednagar, Kashti, and Daund.
Summary
In Nashik District this highway is known as "Malegaon-Manmad Road". Starting from Malegaon in Nashik district from its junction with National Highway 3, this highway terminates inside Manmad. Both sections of the highway run in a southward direction throughout their length. The highway runs a distance of XXX miles and traverses through Yeola, Nandgaon, Chandawad and Malegaon talukas. The surface of the road is asphalted and is motorable throughout the year.
In Ahmednagar District This highway is known as "Manmad-Daund Road". Starting from Manmad in Nasik district the road enters the northern boundary of Ahmednagar district and leaves for Daund in Pune district. This road serves as a connecting link between the three districts and runs almost parallel to the Daund-Manmad railway line. The road runs from the north to south direction and passes through the middle of the district.
This road crosses the Daund-Manmad broad-gauge railway line at numerous places during its course. It crosses river Godavari near Kopargaon, the Pravara near Kolhar, the Mula near Rahuri and the Bhima near the district border where there are bridges. It crosses a major nullah near Rahata where the construction of a bridge is in progress.
Some part of the road surface is cement-concrete and the remaining length of the road is black-topped. It serves the traffic needs of many sugar factories and jaggery manufacturers. This road passes through the factory area and therefore it is always crowded by bullock-carts and lorries. It is motorable throughout the year except for some interruptions at small nullahs during heavy rains.
Route description
Below is the brief summary of the route followed by this state highway.
Dhule District
Sindkheda Taluka
This highway starts from Dondaicha city in Sindkheda Taluka of Dhule District and proceeds South West towards Kusumbe. After travelling for , State Highway 11 intersects this highway just before Shevade village and this highway continues southwards. After travelling for another , it exits Sindkheda Taluka just before Lamkhani village and enters the Dhule taluka.
Dhule Taluka
Once this highway enters Dhule taluka, it travels for another and enters Lamkhani village where State Highway 12 intersects this highway inside the village and this highway continues southwards. After traveling for another this highway enters Mehergaon village where State Highway 14 starts off and proceeds south-east towards Dhule city while this highway proceeds south-west. Then these highways travels for another where it intersects in to National Highway 53 at Kusumbe city. It then continues southwards for another where it exits Dhule taluka just after Ajnale village and enters Malegaon Taluka of Nashik District.
Nashik District
Malegaon Taluka
This highway enters Malegaon taluka of Nashik district just before Dongrale village. After crossing Dongrale village, it continues for southwards another where it enters Malegaon city. It then travels internally inside Malegaon city for and exits the city on south-west side, where it intersects National Highway 60 and continues south-west. After traveling for another , near Kaulane village the State Highway 16 starts off and proceeds south-east towards Nandgaon while this highway proceeds south-west for another where it exits Malegaon taluka just after Chondhi village and enters Chandwad taluka.
Chandvad Taluka
This highway enters Chandwad taluka just before Kundalgaon village. After crossing Kundalgaon village it continues southwards for another where it exits Chandwad taluka just after Dahegaon (Manmad) village and enters Nandgaon taluka.
Nandgaon Taluka
This highway enters Nandgaon taluka after travelling for after Dahegaon (Manmad) village of Chandvad taluka. It enters Manmad city after traveling for another . Inside Manmad city after travelling for another the State Highway 24 intersects this highway and merges on to it. Further State Highway 24 continues southwards with this highway for another , and then it branches west to proceed towards Chandvad city, while this highway continues south towards Anakwade village. After crossing Anakwade village it continues southwards for another where it exits Nandgaon taluka and enters Yeola taluka.
Yeola Taluka
This highway enters Yeola taluka just after Anakwade village of Nandgaon taluka. After crossing Savargaon village it continues southwards for another where it enters Yeola city. Inside Yeola city after this highway has travelled for another , the State Highway 30 intersects this highway from the west and merges on to it, while State Highway 25 starts at this point and continues northeast towards Nandgaon city. State Highway 30 continues southwards with this highway for another , and then it branches east to proceed towards Vaijapur city, while this highway continues southwards. After travelling for another it exits Yeola Taluka just after Pimpalgaon Jalal village and enters Kopargaon Taluka of Ahmednagar District.
Ahmadnagar District
Kopargaon Taluka
This highway enters Kopargaon taluka of Ahmednagar district just before Yesgaon village. After crossing Yesgaon village, it continues southwards for another where it enters Kopargaon city. After crossing Kopargaon city it continues southwards where it exits the taluka just before Sawali Vihir Bk. village and enters Rahata taluka.
Rahata Taluka
This highway enters Rahata taluka just before Sawali Vihir Bk. village. Just before Sawali Vihir Bk. village the State Highway 7 starts off at the junction of this highway and proceeds north west towards Lasalgaon in Nashik district., while this highway continues southwards for another where it intersects State Highway 44 inside Babhaleshwar village. Then this highway continues southwards for another where State Highway 45 starts off at the junction of this highway inside Kolhar Bk. village and proceeds north west towards Sinnar in Nashik district. Then this highway continues southwards for another where it exits Rahata taluka just after crossing Pravara river near Kolhar Bk. village and enters Rahuri taluka.
Rahuri Taluka
This highway enters Rahuri taluka after crossing Pravara river and just before Kolhar Kh. village. After continuing southwards for another , State Highway 49 branches off at the junction of this highway inside Rahuri city and proceeds south west towards Sangamner in Ahmadnagar district while this highway continues southwards. Further traveling for , another branch of State Highway 49 branches off at this junction and proceeds east towards Shevgaon in Ahmadnagar district while this highway continues southwards where it exits Rahuri taluka just before near Nandgaon village and enters Ahmadnagar taluka.
Ahmadnagar Taluka
This highway enters Ahmadnagar taluka just before Nandgaon village
Shrigonda Taluka
Pune District
Daund Taluka
Major junctions
The following roads either emanate from it or are crossed by it. This list has been separated by district and taluka for easy reading.
Connections
This highway touches the following important places in its stretch. The list has been separated by district and taluka for easy reading. In each table, the distance of the place from important places in the route of this highway are also mentioned.
Dhule District
Nashik District
Ahmadnagar District
Pune District
See also
List of State Highways in Maharashtra
References
State Highways in Maharashtra
Eastern Air Lines Shuttle Flight 1320, carrying passengers from Newark to Boston, was hijacked around 7:30 p.m. on March 17, 1970, by John J. Divivo who was armed with a .38 caliber revolver. Captain Robert Wilbur Jr., 35, a former United States Air Force pilot who had been promoted to captain six months prior, was shot in his arm by the suicidal hijacker. Despite his wounds, he flew his aircraft safely to a landing while talking to air traffic control, telling them his copilot was shot and needed emergency services. His copilot, James Hartley, 30, was shot and collapsed. Despite being mortally wounded, Hartley was able to force the gun from Divivo's hand, and shoot the would-be hijacker three times before lapsing into unconsciousness, and eventual death. Despite his injuries, Divivo arose and began clawing at Captain Wilbur, attempting to force a crash. Wilbur hit Divivo over the head with the gun he had retrieved from the center console. The pilot was able to land the plane safely at Logan International Airport, and the hijacker was arrested. On October 31, 1970, Divivo hanged himself while awaiting trial at Charles Street Jail.
The incident was the first aircraft hijacking in the United States to end with a fatality.
See also
Federal Express Flight 705 – 1994 incident involving a suicidal hijacker who was overpowered by an airline flight crew
List of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft
References
Further reading
1970 in Boston
1970 murders in the United States
Aviation accidents and incidents in the United States in 1970
Terrorist incidents in North America in 1970
March 1970 events in the United States
Aircraft hijackings in the United States
1320
Accidents and incidents involving the McDonnell Douglas DC-9
Crimes in Massachusetts
Aviation accidents and incidents in Massachusetts
Logan International Airport
Terrorist incidents in the United States in 1970
George William Archibald (born 13 July 1946) is the co-founder of the International Crane Foundation and was the inaugural winner of the 2006 Indianapolis Prize.
Archibald was born in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia, Canada to Donald Edison and Annie Letitia ("Lettie") (née MacLeod) Archibald. He received his bachelor's degree from Dalhousie University in 1968 and his doctorate in 1975 from Cornell University. He married Kyoko Matsumoto on 15 August 1981.
Work with cranes
In 1973, when cranes were in a perilous situation and many of the fifteen remaining species were on the brink of extinction, Archibald co-founded, with Ron Sauey, the International Crane Foundation in Baraboo, Wisconsin. He was director from 1973 to 2000. Currently he heads a World Conservation Union commission on crane survival. Forty years later, the world's cranes are still in a perilous situation.
Archibald pioneered several techniques to rear cranes in captivity, including the use of crane costumes by human handlers. Archibald spent three years with a highly endangered whooping crane named Tex, acting as a male crane – walking, calling, dancing – to shift her into reproductive condition. Through his dedication and the use of artificial insemination, Tex eventually laid a fertile egg. As Archibald recounted the tale on The Tonight Show in 1982, he stunned the audience and host Johnny Carson with the sad end of the story – the death of Tex shortly after the hatching of her one and only chick. His work inspired the 2016 children's book Dancing with Tex: The Remarkable Friendship to Save the Whooping Cranes by Lynn Sanders.
In order to protect the watersheds and grasslands where cranes live and to help increase migratory flight paths, Archibald has visited remote areas, including parts of Afghanistan, Cuba, India, Russia and the Korean Demilitarized Zone.
In 1984, Archibald was awarded a MacArthur Fellows Program grant for his work with cranes. In 1987, he was added to the UN's Global 500 Roll of Honour. In 2012, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada.
References
External links
1946 births
American ornithologists
Canadian expatriate academics in the United States
Canadian ornithologists
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Cornell University alumni
Dalhousie University alumni
Living people
MacArthur Fellows
People from New Glasgow, Nova Scotia
People from Baraboo, Wisconsin
Members of the Order of Canada
S9, SB8, SM9 are disability swimming classifications used for categorizing swimmers based on their level of disability. Swimmers in this class generally have severe weakness in one leg. This class includes a number of different disabilities including people with amputations and cerebral palsy. The classification is governed by the International Paralympic Committee, and competes at the Paralympic Games.
Definition
This classification is for swimming. In the classification title, S represents Freestyle, Backstroke and Butterfly strokes. SB means breaststroke. SM means individual medley. Jane Buckley, writing for the Sporting Wheelies, describes the swimmers in this classification as having: "severe weakness in one leg only; Swimmers with very slight coordination problems; Swimmers with one limb loss. Unless there is an underlying medical condition usually all of these athletes will start out of the water." Swimming classifications are on a gradient, with one being the most severely physically impaired to ten having the least amount of physical disability.
Disability types
This class includes people with several disability types include cerebral palsy and amputations.
Amputee
ISOD amputee A8 swimmers may be found in this class. S9 amputee swimmers in this class have similar start times to people with legs amputations in S8 to S10 classes. Paralympic S9 swimmers in this class can get water entry distance off the block comparable to Olympic athletes. Compared to able bodied swimmers, swimmers in this class have a shorter stroke length and increased stroke rate. Because their legs are their greatest strength, they modify their entry into the water to take advantage of this.
The nature of a person's amputations in this class can effect their physiology and sports performance. Because they are missing a limb, amputees are more prone to overuse injuries in their remaining limbs. Common problems for intact upper limbs for people in this class include rotator cuffs tearing, shoulder impingement, epicondylitis and peripheral nerve entrapment.
Cerebral palsy
CP7 and CP8 class swimmers are sometimes found in this class. CP7 sportspeople are able to walk, but appear to do so while having a limp as one side of their body is more affected than the other. They may have involuntary muscles spasms on one side of their body. They have fine motor control on their dominant side of the body, which can present as asymmetry when they are in motion. People in this class tend to have energy expenditure similar to people without cerebral palsy.
Because of the neuromuscular nature of their disability, CP7 and CP8 swimmers have slower start times than other people in their classes. They are also more likely to interlock their hands when underwater in some strokes to prevent hand drift, which increases drag while swimming. CP8 swimmers experience swimmers shoulder, a swimming related injury, at rates similar to their able-bodied counterparts. When fatigued, asymmetry in their stroke becomes a problem for swimmers in this class. The integrated classification system used for swimming, where swimmers with CP compete against those with other disabilities, is subject to criticisms has been that the nature of CP is that greater exertion leads to decreased dexterity and fine motor movements. This puts competitors with CP at a disadvantage when competing against people with amputations who do not lose coordination as a result of exertion.
CP7 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.6 to 0.8. This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB6, PDB8, and PDB9. CP8 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.4 to 0.9. This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB6, PDB8, and PDB10.
Spinal cord injuries
People with spinal cord injuries compete in this class, including F8 sportspeople.
F8
F8 is standing wheelchair sport class. The level of spinal cord injury for this class involves people who have incomplete lesions at a slightly higher level. This means they can sometimes bear weight on their legs. In 2002, USA Track & Field defined this class as, "These are standing athletes with dynamic standing balance. Able to recover in standing when balance is challenged. Not more than 70 points in legs." In 2003, Disabled Sports USA defined this class as, "In a sitting class but not more than 70 points in the lower limbs. Are unable to recover balance in challenged standing position." In Australia, this class means combined lower plus upper limb functional problems. "Minimal disability." It can also mean in Australia that the athlete is "ambulant with moderately reduced function in one or both lower limbs." They have a normalized drag in the range of 0.6 to 0.7.
History
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address "the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate, reliable, consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation." In 1997, Against the odds : New Zealand Paralympians said this classification was graded along a gradient, with S1 being the most disabled and S10 being the least disabled. At this time, competitors who were S9 classified tended to be above the elbow or above the knee amputees.
Competitions
For this classification, organisers of the Paralympic Games have the option of including the following events on the Paralympic programme: 50m and 100m Freestyle, 400m Freestyle, 100m Backstroke, 100m Butterfly, 100m Breaststroke and 200m Individual Medley events
Records
In the S9 50 m Freestyle Long Course, the men's world record is held by Australia's Matthew Cowdrey and the women's world record is held by South Africa's Natalie Du Toit. In the S9 100 m Freestyle Long Course, the men's world record is held by Australia's Rowan Crothers and the women's world record is held by South Africa's Natalie Du Toit.
Paralympic records
The table below records the fastest ever Paralympic record in this class for specific events.
Getting classified
Classification generally has four phases. The first stage of classification is a health examination. For amputees in this class, this is often done on site at a sports training facility or competition. The second stage is observation in practice, the third stage is observation in competition and the last stage is assigning the sportsperson to a relevant class. Sometimes the health examination may not be done on site for amputees in this class because the nature of the amputation could cause not physically visible alterations to the body.
In Australia, to be classified in this category, athletes contact the Australian Paralympic Committee or their state swimming governing body. In the United States, classification is handled by the United States Paralympic Committee on a national level. The classification test has three components: "a bench test, a water test, observation during competition." American swimmers are assessed by four people: a medical classified, two general classified and a technical classifier.
Competitors
Swimmers who have competed in this classification include Ellie Cole, Jesus Collado and Matthew Cowdrey who all won medals in their class at the 2008 Paralympics.
American swimmers who have been classified by the United States Paralympic Committee as being in these class include Dana Albrycht, Luis Alicea, Hannah Aspden, Cody Bureau, Michael Prout Jr., David Gelfand, Joseph Peppersack, and Staci Perrige.
References
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
Parasports classifications
Guinness World Records Primetime (AKA Guinness Primetime) is a TV show based on the Guinness World Records, and aired on the Fox television network from July 27, 1998, to October 4, 2001. It was hosted by Cris Collinsworth and Mark Thompson and reported on existing record-holders or on new record attempts.
These new record attempts included many unusual or bizarre categories such as a 300-pound tumor, squirting milk from one's eye, covering one's self with bees, sitting in a tub of snakes, regurgitating, burping, setting one's self on fire, eating metal, worms, and ketchup, kissing cobras, acting as a human speed bump, and entering a coffin full of cockroaches. Most of these attempts never found their way into the Guinness Book.
See also
Guinness World Records Gone Wild
External links
Fox Broadcasting Company original programming
1998 American television series debuts
2001 American television series endings
Guinness World Records
Sazak, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
A Radiant Girl () is a 2021 French drama film written and directed by Sandrine Kiberlain in her feature directorial debut. The film stars Rebecca Marder as a young Jewish girl aspiring to become an actress during the occupation of France. The film premiered in the International Critics' Week section of the 2021 Cannes Film Festival, where it competed for the Caméra d'Or.
Premise
In 1942, 19-year-old Irène is a young Jewish girl living in Paris. She has a passion for theatre and dreams of becoming an actress. Irène rehearses Marivaux's L'Épreuve to prepare for an entrance exam to the conservatory.
Cast
Rebecca Marder as Irène
André Marcon as André, Irène's father
Anthony Bajon as Igor, Irène's brother
India Hair as Viviane, Irène's friend
Françoise Widhoff as Marceline, Irène's grandmother
Florence Viala as Josiane, a neighbor
Ben Attal as Jo
Cyril Metzger as Jacques
Jean Chevalier as Gilbert
Production
In May 2017, Sandrine Kiberlain revealed in an interview with Elle magazine that she would be preparing her first feature film and that it was being a long-term project, which would require a lot of time and work. In an interview with Gala magazine, Kiberlain called the film "extremely personal" and explained, "I had the story in me for ten years, and it took me a long year to write it, alone."
Filming began on 17 July 2020 in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, for a period of 5 weeks. Filming concluded in August 2020 in Vexin, which included shots at Nesles-la-Vallée on the Sausseron river, as well as a road between Hédouville and Ronquerolles in the Val-d'Oise department.
Release
The film was selected as a special screening in the International Critics' Week section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival, where it had its world premiere on 8 July 2021. It had its theatrical release in France through Ad Vitam Distribution on 26 January 2022.
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 90% based on 10 reviews, with an average rating of 7.00/10.
Jonathan Romney of Screen Daily praised the "highly appealing effusiveness" of Marder's performance but criticized Kiberlain's stylistic choices and the film's "heavy-handed" conclusion: "A Radiant Girl is highly theatrical [...] in its emphasis on the nature of stage performance – which often gets the film bogged down in backstage discussion of a sort that can too easily feel alienating to film audiences. This only adds to the awkwardness of a film that - especially in its treatment of one of the gravest topics in modern French history - ultimately feels as callow as its heroine."
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2021 films
2021 directorial debut films
2021 drama films
French historical drama films
2020s French films
2020s French-language films
2020s historical drama films
Films shot in Paris
Films shot in Val-d'Oise
Films set in Paris
Films set in 1942
Films about actors
Films about theatre
Films about Jews and Judaism
Beinn a' Mhanaich (709 m) is a hill in the southern Grampian Mountains of Scotland. It is located in Argyll and Bute, in the southern Luss Hills north of the town of Helensburgh.
The most westerly of the Luss Hills, its finest feature is its long southern ridge. An army firing range is located on the western side of the hill going down to Loch Long, and one is advised to pay attention to signs while traversing the ridge.
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Grahams
Mountains and hills of Argyll and Bute
Mountains and hills of the Southern Highlands
Rhododendron veitchianum is a species of flowering plant in the heath family Ericaceae, native to Myanmar, Thailand, and Laos, where it grows at altitudes of
Growing to in height, it is an evergreen shrub, with obovate or narrowly elliptic leaves, by in size. The large trumpet-shaped flowers are in diameter, white, often with a yellow blotch at the base.
In temperate zones Rhododendron veitchianum must be grown in a large greenhouse or conservatory, in extremely well-drained acidic (ericaceous) soil.
References
Bot. Mag. 83: t. 4992. 1857.
Plants of the World Online
Encyclopedia of Life
Hirsutum.com
veitchianum
Lafond Bay () is a bay, wide, which lies south of the Cockerell Peninsula of the Trinity Peninsula in Antarctica. Its head is fed by Sestrimo Glacier.
The bay was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (1960–61), and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Lieutenant Pierre Lafond, a French naval officer on the Astrolabe during her Antarctic voyage (1837–40).
References
Bays of Trinity Peninsula
Dame Iris Margaret Origo, Marchesa Origo, DBE (née Cutting; 15 August 1902 – 28 June 1988) was an English-born biographer and writer. She lived in Italy and devoted much of her life to improving the Tuscan estate at La Foce, near Montepulciano, which she bought with her husband in the 1920s. During the Second World War, she persistently sheltered refugee children and helped many escaped Allied prisoners of war and partisans, in defiance of Italy's fascist regime and Nazi occupation forces.
Origins and upbringing
Origo was born as Iris Margaret Cutting at Beechwood Cottage, Birdlip, Gloucestershire, England, to the American diplomat William Bayard Cutting Jr. and Lady Sybil Marjorie Cuffe (daughter of Lord Desart, an Irish peer).
The Cutting family was a known, wealthy and philanthropic New York family – Origo was a granddaughter of William Bayard Cutting and a niece of New Mexico progressive Senator Bronson M. Cutting. Her parents travelled widely after their marriage, particularly in Italy, where her father contracted tuberculosis. He then travelled the world in search of relief from the symptoms of the disease, which killed him in 1910 at the age of 29. Before he died, William wrote to his wife that he wanted their young daughter to grow up in Italy, "free from all this national feeling which makes people so unhappy. Bring her up somewhere where she does not belong, so she cannot have it." Iris and her mother settled in Italy, buying Villa Medici in Fiesole, one of Florence's most spectacular villas. There they became close friends with Bernard Berenson, who lived at nearby I Tatti. Iris was briefly enrolled at a London school, but mainly taught at home by Professor Solone Monti and a series of French and German governesses.
In April 1918 her mother remarried, to the architectural historian Geoffrey Scott, also of the Berensonian circle. She divorced him in 1926 and took a third husband, the essayist Percy Lubbock.
Personal life
Iris Cutting travelled to England and the United States, so as to be launched into society in both countries. In 1922, she met Colin Mackenzie, a young Scottish businessman working in Milan; a romantic correspondence was followed by a passionate affair. On 4 March 1924, Iris married Antonio Origo, an illegitimate son of Marchese Clemente Origo. They moved to their purchased estate, La Foce, near Chianciano Terme in the Province of Siena. It was in an advanced state of disrepair, but their hard work, care and attention managed to transform it. Their son, Gian or Gianni Clemente Bayard (24 June 1925 – 30 April 1933), died of meningitis at the age of seven. They also had two daughters, Benedetta (born 1 August 1940) and Donata (born 9 June 1943).
Writing career
After the death of her son, Iris Origo began a writing career with a well-received biography of Giacomo Leopardi, published in 1935. A reviewer noted that "an unobtrusive scholarship gives alimentation to a deft power in narrative, and the style is always alive and sometimes very beautiful." She followed this in 1938 with a life of Cola di Rienzo, a 14th-century populist revolutionary and would-be dictator in Rome. After discovering love letters between Byron and the Countess Teresa Guiccioli she wrote The Last Attachment about their relationship. The Merchant of Prato is about everyday 14th-century life, a book Origo wrote after examining a huge cache of medieval documents.
The Origos spent the Second World War at La Foce caring for refugee children, and after Italy (but not Germany) surrendered, helping escaped Allied prisoners of war trying to cross German lines or simply survive. After the war, she divided her time between La Foce and Rome, where the Origos had bought an apartment in the Palazzo Orsini, and devoted herself to writing.
War in Val d'Orcia (1947) was her first book to be popular as well as a critical success. Her 1957 book The Merchant of Prato was found to be a valuable source for students of Italian city and mercantile life, based on research in the archives of the merchant Francesco di Marco Datini (1335–1410). She also cast light on a little-known facet of medieval and early Italian life in an article, "The Domestic Enemy: the Eastern Slaves in Tuscany in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Centuries".
The Origos holidayed at Gli Scafari, a house built by the architect Cecil Pinsent for Iris's mother, at Lerici on the Gulf of Spezia. Antonio Origo died on 27 June 1976. Iris Origo died at her estate in Tuscany on 28 June 1988, aged 85.
Honours
Iris Origo was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1967.
On 31 December 1976 she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) "for services to British cultural interests in Italy and to Anglo-Italian relations".
La Foce is the birthplace of a chamber music festival held in Iris Origo's memory, organised by her grandson, the cellist Antonio Lysy.
Works
Allegra (1935), a short life of Byron's daughter
Leopardi: A Study in Solitude (1935; second edition 1953), a biography of Giacomo Leopardi
Gianni, a privately printed memorial to Iris's son
Tribune of Rome: A Biography of Cola di Rienzo (1938), on the 14th-century Roman revolutionary
War in Val d'Orcia (1947; NYRB edition 2018), a diary of the last years of fascism and the liberation of Italy
The Last Attachment: The Story of Byron and Countess Guiccioli (1949)
Giovanni and Jane (1950), a children's book
A Measure of Love (1957), biographical essays
The Merchant of Prato: Francesco di Marco Datini, 1335-1410 (1957)
"Pope Pius II" (1961), in J. H. Plumb et al., The Horizon Book of the Renaissance, Collins 1961
Images and Shadows: Part of a Life (1970), an elegiac autobiography
The Vagabond Path (1972), an anthology
The World of San Bernardino (1963), a life of Bernardino of Siena
A Need to Testify: Portraits of Lauro de Bosis, Ruth Draper, Gaetano Salvemini, Ignazio Silone and an essay on Biography (1984) (four opponents of fascism)
Un'amica. Ritratto di Elsa Dallolio (1988), a memoir of an old friend
A Chill in the Air: An Italian War Diary, 1939–1940 (2017), Pushkin Press, and (2018) New York Review of Books
References
Bibliography
"Coming Home to Heroism", The Spectator 7 October 2000. Available online. Book review of Caroline Moorehead's Iris Origo: Marchesa of Val d'Orcia (London, John Murray, 2000)
Gianna Pomata, Dalla biografia alla storia e ritorno: Iris Origo fra Bloomsbury e Toscana in Genesis: Rivista della Società italiana delle storiche, pp. 117–156 (2007, in Italian) at torrossa.com. Accessed 15 December 2017
Further reading
Cathe Giffuni, "Iris Origo: A Bibliography," Bulletin of Bibliography, Vol. 47 No. 3 September 1990, pp. 169–176
David Laskin, "Echoes of History at a Tuscan Estate". New York Times 9 May 2014
1902 births
1988 deaths
British memoirists
British essayists
British biographers
British humanitarians
British people of American descent
British people of Dutch descent
Bayard family
Schuyler family
Van Cortlandt family
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
People from the Province of Siena
People from the Province of La Spezia
20th-century essayists
20th-century biographers
20th-century memoirists
Cutting family
The Illinois–Northwestern men's basketball rivalry is an intra-Big Ten Conference, college sports rivalry between the Illinois Fighting Illini and Northwestern Wildcats. Multiple factors have played into the creation of the games between the two schools; Illinois and Northwestern are both located within the state of Illinois and are located about apart, and they share recruiting ground.
History
Illinois and Northwestern first met on March 7, 1908 with an Illinois victory, 18–13. The teams would continue to compete annually with the exception of 12 seasons. Since the two teams are both in the Big Ten Conference, they meet at least once per season. The location of the game alternates between State Farm Center, formerly Assembly Hall, in Champaign, and in Evanston at Welsh–Ryan Arena. There have only been a total of five neutral site games in this series with Illinois winning all of those games. Illinois leads the series 137–43.
Occasional feuds and incidents between the schools' programs have fueled the competition over the years. Illinois has the advantage in the history of the Big Ten Tournament. Of the 20+ years the conference tournament has been held, Illinois and Northwestern have played a total of 3 times. Illinois holds the record of 3–0 over Northwestern.
Game results
Winning team is shown. Ranking of the team at the time of the game by the AP poll is shown by the team name.
*Denotes game played during the Big Ten Tournament
Series statistics
Series Record: Illinois leads 141 to 43
Current Streak: Illinois, 8 wins
Illinois when ranked: 53-5
Northwestern when ranked: 0-1
When both teams are ranked: 0-0
Illinois Home Record: 71-15
Northwestern Home Record: 25-56
Neutral site: Illinois leads 13-4
In overtime games: Illinois leads 4-2
Longest Illinois W-Streak: 16, twice (last, 2/4/1984-3/2/1991)
Longest Northwestern W-Streak: 3, (3/8/1958-3/7/1959)
Longest Illinois Home W-Streak: 19, (1/5/1980-2/18/1998)
Longest Northwestern Home W-Streak: 2, four times (Last, 1/23/2010-2/15/2011)
Longest Illinois Road W-Streak: 8, (2/4/1984-3/2/1989)
Longest Northwestern Road W-Streak: 3, (1/18/1936-2/12/1940)
Largest Illinois Home Win Margin: 42, (99-57), 3/8/1995
Largest Illinois Road Win Margin: 42, (86-44), 2/27/1943
Largest Northwestern Home Win Margin: 16, (88-72), 3/8/1958
Largest Northwestern Road Win Margin: 15, (29-14), 3/2/1917
References
College basketball rivalries in the United States
Big Ten Conference rivalries
Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball
Northwestern Wildcats men's basketball
Enceliopsis is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae. They are sometimes called sunrays. They are similar to the daisylike plants in the related genus Encelia. These three shrubs are native to the western United States and Canada.
Species
Enceliopsis argophylla - silverleaf sunray - Arizona (Mohave Co), Nevada (Clark Co), Utah (Washington Co)
Enceliopsis covillei - Panamint daisy - Inyo County in California
Enceliopsis nudicaulis - nakedstem sunray - California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Idaho
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile for Enceliopsis
CalFlora Database: Enceliopsis species in California
Jepson Manual Treatment of Enceliopsis
Asteraceae genera
Flora of the Western United States
Taxa named by Asa Gray
Taxa named by Aven Nelson
Alice Meichi Li (李美姿) is a Chinese-American, New York City-based visual artist and illustrator for comic books, magazines, and album covers.
Early life
Li was born to immigrants of Chinese descent, and was raised in Detroit, Michigan.
She went on to major in Cartooning at School of Visual Arts in New York City, later switching to Illustration. While at SVA, she became the only Illustration student in her year to receive the Alumni Scholarship Award.
Bibliography
Covers
Mega Man #21 (2013, Variant Cover) Archie Comics
Elephantmen #36 (2011, Back Cover) Image Comics
Sequentials
Reading With Pictures: Comics That Make Kids Smarter (2014, Hardcover, ) Andrews McMeel Publishing
Secret Identities Volume 2: Shattered (2012, TPB, ) The New Press
Reading With Pictures (2010, TPB, ) (Harvey Award-nominated)
Interior illustrations
Hana Doki Kira (2014, TPB) The Year 85 Group
Long Hidden: Speculative Fiction from the Margins of History (2014, Softcover, ) Crossed Genres Publications
Once Upon a Time Machine (2012, TPB, ) Dark Horse Comics (Harvey Award-nominated)
GirlsDrawinGirls Volume 4: The Way Nature Made Her (2011, Hardcover, )
Magazines
YRB Magazine (2011)
CMYK Magazine (2009)
Exhibitions
Group
Alt.Comics: Asian American Artists Reinvent the Comic Book (2012) Museum of Chinese in America, New York, NY
NeoIntegrity: Comics Edition (2010) Museum of Comic and Cartoon Art, New York, NY
Tripnotica NYC (2007) Galapagos Art Space, Brooklyn, NY
Juried
Gamescape (2011) Artscape, Baltimore, MD
Recognition
Society of Illustrators of Los Angeles: 2008, 2013 (Silver Award)
Harvey Awards: 2011 (Nominated, Best Anthology & Best Original Graphic Publication for Younger Readers), 2013 (Nominated, Best Anthology)
Applied Arts Illustration Awards: 2009 (Editorial Category)
American Illustration: 2007 (Chosen)
Worldstudio AIGA: 2002 (W.K. Kellogg Foundation Award)
The Scholastic Art & Writing Awards: 2002 (Two Silver Keys)
References
External links
"Music, Genetics and Fantasy: An Alice Meichi Li Gallery". io9 (2010-03-04), by Ann VanderMeer
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century births
Living people
School of Visual Arts alumni
American women illustrators
American illustrators
American female comics artists
Chinese illustrators
Chinese comics artists
Chinese female comics artists
American people of Chinese descent
Artists from Detroit
21st-century American women
Sir Walter St David Jenkins CB CBE (1 March 1874 – 7 June 1951) was a senior British official in the Admiralty, serving as Director of Navy Contracts from 1919 to 1936. Jenkins was born on 1 March 1874 and educated at Carmarthen Grammar School and Oswestry School. He won a Meyricke exhibition to Jesus College, Oxford in 1893, obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1897 before joining the Admiralty as a first-class clerk.
From 1902 to 1906, he was secretary of the committee that recommended the introduction of oil as the fuel for warships – he later drafted the Admiralty's report for presentation to the Royal Commission on Oil Fuel – whilst also spending time travelling to India and Burma to arrange for stores to be supplied to British naval stations in the Far East and to obtain teak for the Admiralty. He was commended by the First Lord of the Admiralty (Winston Churchill) for securing naval coal supplies in anticipation of a miners' strike in south Wales. He was Admiralty secretary of the Railway Communications Board that drew up the plan for taking over the railways using the powers contained in the Defence of the Realm Act. He served on various inter-departmental committees during the First World War, and was appointed by the Government as a director of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company in 1918, resigning to become Director of Navy Contracts in 1919. He remained in this post until retirement in 1936, thereafter working in the commercial sector. He also became the first independent chairman of the National Federation of Iron and Steel Merchants (1938–1944). He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (1918) and a Companion of the Order of the Bath (1921) before being knighted on his retirement in 1936. He was also appointed an Officer of the Légion d'honneur (1918) and an Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy (1918), as well as being awarded the Order of St Anne of Russia. He died in London on 7 June 1951.
References
1874 births
1951 deaths
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Civil servants in the Admiralty
Anglo-Persian Oil Company
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights Bachelor
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
BP people
People educated at Carmarthen Grammar School
20th-century Royal Navy personnel
Chris Kolankowski (born February 7, 1992) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He won his first Grey Cup championship in 2017 in his rookie year with the Toronto Argonauts. He played U Sports football for the York Lions from 2012 to 2016. Kolankowski majored in Law and Society while at York University.
Professional career
Toronto Argonauts
Kolankowski was drafted by the Toronto Argonauts in the sixth round, 49th overall, in the 2016 CFL Draft and signed with the club on May 19, 2016. He was released following 2016 training camp and returned to York for his final year of eligibility. He re-signed with the Argonauts on December 7, 2016. He dressed for six regular season games as a back-up offensive lineman as well as both post-season games for the 2017 Toronto Argonauts. He won his first Grey Cup with the Argos in the 105th Grey Cup game. After two seasons, he was released by the Argonauts on April 23, 2019.
Winnipeg Blue Bombers
After sitting out the 2019 season, Kolankowski signed as a free agent with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on February 6, 2020. However, he also did not play in 2020 due to the cancellation of the 2020 CFL season. He dressed in the last two regular season games as a backup lineman during the 2021 season after spending most of the season on the practice roster. He also dressed in the 108th Grey Cup as the Blue Bombers defeated the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Kolankowski won his second Grey Cup championship.
References
External links
Winnipeg Blue Bombers bio
1992 births
Living people
Canadian football offensive linemen
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Etobicoke
Toronto Argonauts players
York Lions football players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Narayan Shridhar Bendre (21 August 1910 – 19 February 1992), was a 20th-century Indian artist and one of the founder members of Baroda Group Narayan Shridhar Bendre was born in Indore. He made a name for himself as a landscape artist. In 1992 he was awarded the Padma Bhushan.
Life and career
Narayan Shridhar Bendre was born in a Deshastha Rigvedi Brahmin family on 21 August 1910 in Indore, Madhya Pradesh. He was initially trained in the State Art School there prior to taking the Government Diploma in Art from Bombay in 1933. His initial interests were conditioned by the quasi-modernist landscape painting as practised in the Indore School at the beginning of the 20th century. An avid traveller, Bendre continued to paint the landscape throughout his career, often with different stylistic means. Early recognition came with the Silver Medal from the Bombay Art Society in 1934, followed by the then ultimate honour of the gold medal in 1941. Part of 1945 was spent as artist-in-residence at Santiniketan, where he met Nandalal Bose, Ram Kinkar Baij and Binode Behari Mukherjee. He also met Jamini Roy in Calcutta. Bendre's early work has been classified as being academic and impressionist, dominant subjects being the landscape and the portrait, in oils and gouache.
Bendre was back in Bombay in 1947, from where he left in June for the United States, holding a solo exhibition at the Windermere Gallery, New York, in 1948. On his way back to India, he travelled through Europe, gaining exposure to original works of the modernist masters. An independent nation and an art scene animated by the adventure of the Progressive Artists Group greeted his return in March 1948.
In 1950, Bendre moved to Baroda as the first Reader and Head of the Department of Painting at the Faculty of Fine Arts. He remained there until 1966, becoming Dean of the Faculty in 1959. He was instrumental in laying the foundations of the new programme at the Faculty. It was here that he embarked upon a phase held as his most important, which involved experiments with Cubist, Expressionist and abstract tendencies, producing such works as Thorn (1955, National Award)', Sunflowers, The Parrot and the Chameleon, which give evidence of his shifting allegiances to currents in mainstream European modernism, and his endeavour to marry these with Indian formal and thematic considerations.
Travels continued, within India and internationally: he visited West Asia and London in 1958, the US and Japan in 1962. The adventure of modernism that Bendre carried from Bombay to Baroda bore fruit in the formation of the Baroda Group of artists in 1956. Along with Bendre, several of the first generation of his students at Baroda were members of the Group, which held regular shows in Bombay, Ahmedabad and Baroda, providing wide exposure to work being produced at the new art school.
After he resigned from Baroda in 1966, Bendre experimented with his version of pointillism and held shows in Bombay every alternate year. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1969. He was elected to chair the International Jury at the Second Triennale in New Delhi in 1971 and as fellow of the Lalit Kala Academi in 1974. His career was recognised further with a retrospective exhibition at the Lalit kala Academi in 1974, the Aban-Gagan Award from Viswa Bharati University in 1984, and the Kalidas Samman in 1984.
He continued to paint until his death on 18 February 1992.
Awards and honours
In 1955, Bendre received the National Award from the Lalit Kala Akademi for his work, Thorn. In 1969, he received the Padma Shri award and in 1992, he received the Padma Bhushan award. In 1974, he received the fellowship of the Lalit Kala Akademi. In 1984, the Visva Bharati University conferred him the Aban-Gagan Award and Madhya Pradesh state government conferred him the Kalidas Samman (1986–87).
Style
He is well known as the supreme landscapist, a composer and master of colours. He was immensely influenced by miniature painting. He visited the United States, England, France and Belgium in 1947–48. It was during the visit that he studied and imbibed modern art. Assimilating this western influence he created a niche for himself in the field of art by innovating a style all his own. He successfully carried out innovative experiments depicting subtle themes ranging from everyday life to the abstract. He never believed in restricting his imagination to the rigid framework of colour, line or form.
Notable works
Hairdo (1949), "The Sunflower" (1955), "Monkey" (1957), "The Cow and the Calf" (1948), "The Female Cowherd" (1956), "Homebound", "The Bullock Cart" and "Gossip"
Students
Some of his students were Balkrishna Patel, Ghulam Rasool Santosh, Gulam Mohammed Sheikh, Haku Shah, Jayant Parikh, Jyoti Bhatt, Kamudben Patel, Naina Dalal, Shri Ranjitsinh Pratapsinh Gaekwad, Ratan Parimoo, Shanti Dave, Triloke Kaul.
See also
References
External links
Narayan Shridhar Bendre Artworks and Public Auction Prices and Economic Data
N S Bendre Profile,Interview and Artworks
Artist Profile
People from Vadodara
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
Artists from Indore
1910 births
1992 deaths
Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda faculty
Fellows of the Lalit Kala Akademi
Recipients of the Padma Bhushan in arts
Indian portrait painters
20th-century Indian painters
Indian male painters
Painters from Madhya Pradesh
20th-century Indian male artists
Mathilda Bushel Canter (June 8, 1924 – January 30, 2015) was an American psychologist and leader in state and national psychological organizations. Known as the "First Lady of Arizona Psychology" for her service to her state board and state association of psychology, she was the first female president of the American Psychological Association (APA) Division of Psychotherapy (Division 29). She won multiple national awards for career achievement in psychological practice.
Biography
Canter was born Mathilda Bushel in Brooklyn. She was the youngest child in her family, and she took to academics early in life. When Bushel was years old, Bushel's mother asked the local school to allow the child to attend classes with her siblings. At the age of 15, Bushel enrolled at Brooklyn College.
After completing an undergraduate degree in sociology, she pursued a master's degree at Columbia University, completing all of the requirements except for a thesis. She married Army psychologist Aaron Canter, and the couple moved to Arizona in 1949. Canter stayed home to raise her children for a few years, then earned a master's degree and Ph.D. in psychology at Arizona State University, becoming the second woman to earn a Ph.D. at the university. In 1966, after completing an internship at the Phoenix Veterans Hospital, Canter went into the practice of clinical psychology.
Canter lived in Arizona for the rest of her life and she was a longtime member of the APA and the Arizona Psychological Association (AzPA). A past president and board member of the AzPA, Canter became known as the "First Lady of Arizona Psychology". From 1976 to 1986, she served on the Arizona Board of Psychologist Examiners; as chair of the group, she advocated for a statute that required a doctoral degree for licensure as an Arizona psychologist. She became an authority on ethical issues in psychology, chairing the APA Ethics Committee and leading the effort to publish the organization's Ethical Principles and Code of Conduct (1992).
She received two awards from the APA recognizing her service to the practice of psychology: the Gold Medal Award for Achievement in Practice (2002) and the Award for Distinguished Contributions to Applied Psychology as a Professional Practice (2000). She was a fellow of seven APA divisions. As of 2008, Canter was semi-retired, seeing a small number of patients for psychotherapy. She treated patients until the fall of 2014. Canter died in Phoenix in January 2015.
References
1924 births
2015 deaths
American women psychologists
20th-century American psychologists
Brooklyn College alumni
Arizona State University alumni
People from Brooklyn
Columbia University alumni
21st-century American women
John Durang (January 6, 1768 – March 31, 1822) was the first native-born American to become known as a dancer.
Said to be George Washington's favorite performer, he was famous for dancing the hornpipe, a lively, jiglike solo exhibition so called because it was originally performed to music played on a woodwind instrument known as a hornpipe.
Early years
John Durang was the eldest of seven children born to parents who had immigrated to the United States from the Alsace region of northeastern France, bordering Germany. His father, Jacob Durang, was from Strasbourg; his mother, Catherine (Arten) Durang, was from Wissembourg. Soon after their arrival in 1767, they settled in York County, Pennsylvania, in the German-speaking region whose inhabitants are still known today as the Pennsylvania Dutch (Pennssilfaanish Deitsch).
John Durang was born in Lancaster, in the home of his mother's sister, but he grew up mostly in nearby York (aka Yorktown). He was educated at the Christ Lutheran Church school, where instruction was in German, supplemented by French and English. He had no formal dance training, but he was, according to his memoirs, attracted to the liveliness of the hornpipe, which "charmed his mind," while he was still a boy.
As early as 1780, at age twelve, he learned "the correct style of dancing a hornpipe" from a visiting French dancer and made it his specialty. At fifteen he left home, went to Boston, and in 1785 joined Lewis Hallam's Old American Company, where he acted in "La Friçassée," a comic number, and danced the hornpipe between acts.
Professional career
Hallam's company advertised its performances as "lectures," as plays and ballets were then legally banned, and specialized in presenting patriotic extravaganzas. During his first season with the company, Durang took violin lessons from a musician named Hoffmaster, who composed a tune for him that became known as "Durang's Hornpipe."
Hoffmaster's given name is absent from records of the time. As he was quite short, under four feet tall, he is described as a "German dwarf." The tune was an immediate hit and is still popular among bluegrass fiddlers of today. Durang continued to dance to it for many years, as it had become his signature piece, but he augmented his hornpipe repertory with other tunes.
In 1790, Durang danced a nautical-style hornpipe in The Wapping Landlady, a comic piece about an amorous landlady and a group of Jack Tars. His performance of the number solidified his reputation as an unparalleled performer of the dance. The tune for it is still thought of as "The Sailor's Hornpipe".
Around this time, as the federal anti-theater laws were being relaxed, many European performers began to visit the United States. From his collaboration with, among others, Alexandre Placide, he acquired skills in classical ballet, acting, fencing, acrobatics, tightrope walking (rope dancing), clowning, pantomime, choreography, and theater management.
He toured with the Hallam troupe for seven years, performing as Saramouche in a harlequinade called The Touchstone, while dancing and playing other roles. In 1791, he was possibly the first American actor to appear on stage in blackface, as Friday in a production of Robinson Crusoe. In 1794, he appeared in Ann Julia Hatton's Tammany: The Indian Chief, whose hero, also called Tamanend, was a popular figure in local history. It was one of the first operas written in the United States with an American subject and is the earliest known drama about Native Americans. Soon thereafter, Durang danced with well-known ballerina Anna Gardie in La Forêt Noire, the first serious ballet given in America.
In 1795, Durang was hired by John Bill Ricketts to produce pantomimes with his Philadelphia circus. Begun as a riding school that gave equestrian exhibitions, the circus was housed in a building called the New Amphitheater, which included both a riding ring and a stage. Equestrian acts were at the heart of the circus, but the roster of performers also included clowns, comic dancers, acrobats, and a rope walker as well as actors in playlets and pantomimes. Durang's talents were tailor-made for the job. He worked as a writer, producer, and dancer with the Ricketts Circus, both in Philadelphia and New York, from 1796 until 1799. Among its patrons was George Washington, a riding enthusiast, who is known to have attended performances in 1793 and 1797, when he certainly witnessed Durang dancing his hornpipe.
When Ricketts closed his shows, Durang turned to theater management and became a partner in Philadelphia's famed Southwark Theater, where President Washington was a frequent patron. From 1800 to 1819, Durang acted, produced, and directed theater in Philadelphia during the winter while touring with his own traveling troupe of performers to outlying areas during the summer. Among the works he staged was Francis Hopkinson's song-poem "The Battle of the Kegs", a pioneering attempt at introducing American themes onto American stages. After almost two decades at the Southwark, he retired from the theater in 1819.
Family and later life
In February 1787, Durang had married Mary McEwen, also a dancer, with whom he had six children: Charles, Richard Ferdinand, Augustus Felix, Charlotte Elizabeth, Juliet Catherine ("Julia"), and Mary Ann. All were trained as dancers and actors in their youth, and all six of them accompanied their father on summer tours of towns around Philadelphia, where he presented bits of plays, ballets, acrobatics, puppet shows, equestrian feats, and the ever-popular hornpipe. Charles followed in his father's varied footsteps as an actor, ballet master, author, and stage manager. Ferdinand had a long career as an actor and dancer but is best remembered as the musician who suggested the tune for Francis Scott Key's poem that eventually became the lyrics of "The Star-Spangled Banner".
Charlotte and Julia were both successful dancers and actresses. The former had a relatively brief career, but Julia, under her married names, became quite famous. Between 1822 and 1837, Julia Durang Godey Wallace appeared on stage in New York in at least sixty-seven different productions of ballets, plays, and operas. Augustus gave up performing, became a sailor, and was lost at sea. Mary Ann, the youngest of the siblings, danced on stage in her youth but then dropped out of sight.
Their mother, Mary McEwen Durang, was also a sometime dancer but was largely occupied with raising her children. After she died of tuberculosis in 1812, John Durang married again, but nothing is recorded about his second wife except her name, Elizabeth.
In his later years, Durang largely gave up performing, describing himself as a "dance instructor" in his memoirs. He died in 1822 at age fifty-four and, according to his expressed wishes, was buried in Saint Mary's churchyard in Philadelphia.
References
1768 births
1822 deaths
American male dancers
18th-century American male actors
19th-century American male actors
American male stage actors
American circus performers
People from York, Pennsylvania
18th-century dancers
Artists from Philadelphia
People of colonial Pennsylvania
19th-century American dancers
The Compaq Presario R3000 Line is a Series of laptops designed and built by Hewlett-Packard Corporation. They originally shipped with Microsoft Windows XP but could be configured with 98, 2000, or ME. The series used Intel or AMD Processors, could be ordered with 128 MB (128 MiB) up to 1 GB of RAM (with some being reserved for graphical memory), and could come with an ATI Mobility Radeon 9000/9100 or Nvidia GeForce 4 integrated graphics chip. The integrated sound card was made by Analog Devices and outputs to JBL Pro speakers that sit above the keyboard. Certain configurations included an integrated Broadcom 54G wireless networking card. Connection ports include USB, Firewire, 3.5mm audio output, 3.5mm audio input, s-video output, VGA output, and parallel. One port that is special to this series is an Expansion Port for HP's Expansion Dock that allows an extra array of ports when the laptop is docked. Several optical media options were available including a standard DVD read-only drive up to a DVD+RW/CD-RW drive at varying speeds. The computer is encased in a black and silver plastic shell, weighs about ten pounds, and has two cooling fans, both mounted under the keyboard.
References
Presario R3000
