Lauterstein Castle, in German Burg Lauterstein, also called Burgruine Niederlauterstein, is a medieval castle in Niederlauterstein, town of Marienberg, Erzgebirgskreis, Saxony. It has been a ruin since the Thirty Years' War.
Geography
Lauterstein castle is situated on a gneiss rock at the eastern end of Niederlauterstein village, above the left bank of Schwarze Pockau river, approximately 2 km north-west of Zöblitz and 4.5 km north-east of Marienberg.
History
Archeological investigations in the 1970s have shown that the castle was built in the second half of the 12th century. It was first mentioned in writing in 1304 when a document named a Johannis in Lutirstein of the ministerial family of Erdmannsdorf in the castle. The castle was mainly built from stone, hence probably the name ending in -stein. Its purpose was the protection of a medieval trade route between Leipzig and Prague across the Ore Mountains.
The family of Schellenberg became lords of Lauenstein in the early 14th century. They lost their influence in 1323 after they lost a feud with Altzella Abbey, and margrave Frederick the Brave enfeoffed the burgraves Albrecht IV von Altenburg und Otto I von Leisnig, who had helped to support him and the abbey, with Lauterstein castle and the town of Zcobelin (Zöblitz).
Kaspar von Berbisdorf from Freiberg, an owner of mines and metalworks in the Ore Mountains, bought the lordship of Lauterstein for 4000 guilders from burgrave Otto II of Leisnig and Altenburg in 1434. His descendants Bastian and Melchior divided the lordship and the castle in 1497 into Oberlauterstein and Niederlauterstein. A fire damaged the castle in 1530, but it was rebuilt within a few years. In 1559, Prince-elector Augustus forced the Berbisdorf family to sell castle and lordship Lauterstein for 107,784 guilders and installed the administration of a Saxon Amt in the castle.
According to local tradition, on 14. March 1639, three Swedish horsemen set fire to the castle. It was not rebuilt and has remained a ruin since then. The administrative seat of Amt Lauterstein moved to Marienberg and later to Olbernhau and Zöblitz.
The Marienberg-based manufacturer of model railway accessories Auhagen produces a model of the castle, based on a 1629 depiction by Dillich, in the approximate scale of 1:100.
Bibliography
References
Castles in Saxony
Ruined castles in Germany
Marienberg
Buildings and structures in Erzgebirgskreis
Mian Rud (, also Romanized as Mīān Rūd; also known as Mīān Rūd-e Harāzpey) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 263, in 72 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Everjets is a charter Portuguese airline established in 2011. In 2013, Everjets won the competition to lease 25 light helicopters to fight forest fires for a period of five years, and in 2015, the company won the competition for the maintenance and operation of the Government of Portugal Kamov Ka-32 helicopters fleet, for 46 million euros. Its debut in commercial flights began in 2015, when it flew to the Madeira Island in an Airbus A320. Everjets after 2018 ran into financial problems having lost its air transport license in December 2020, currently not operating any aircraft.
Fleet
The Everjets operated the following aircraft (currently does not operate any aircraft):
References
External links
Official Website
Airlines of Portugal
Companies based in Porto
Portuguese companies established in 2015
Gekko stoliczkai is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Nicobar Islands.
References
Gekko
Reptiles described in 2021
Reptiles of India
Endemic fauna of India
McDonald Park, in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada, is a dark-sky preserve, designated thus by the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada.
The park is located in a valley, and at night light pollution from the nearby cities of Abbotsford, Chilliwack, and Mission is blocked by Sumas Mountain. The park opens at night for observations under the auspices of the Fraser Valley Astronomers Society.
References
Dark-sky preserves in Canada
Abbotsford, British Columbia
Kaoteon is an extreme metal band, based in the Netherlands, officially formed in 1998 by Anthony Kaoteon.
Biography
Kaoteon is an extreme metal band with origins in Lebanon. The band was formed in war torn Beirut as a one-man band in 1998 by Anthony Kaoteon under the name Chaotaeon (from the merger of "chaotic" and "aeon"). They changed their name after an incident with the authorities in which they got arrested. The police thought that "Chaotaeon" was the translation of "devils" from Arabic. The members were detained for days during a heavy investigation which led to false accusations that the band is Satanic.
Kaoteon released Damnatio Memoriae on 23 February 2018 that featured Frederick Widigs on drums (Marduk) and Linus Klausenitzer on bass (Obscura).
On 24 February 2018 the band performed at Complexity Fest with The Faceless and Sikth, and were joined by Simon Schilling (ex-Belphegor and current Marduk drummer).
On the 11th of June, Kaoteon were awarded the "Global Metal" award at the 2018 Metal Hammer Golden Gods Awards.
Kaoteon released a new self titled album on 17 January 2020 featuring Adrian Erlandsson on drums (At the Gates) and Linus Klausenitzer on bass (Obscura).
Discography
Studio albums
Provenance of Hatred – 2003 by Unsung Heroes Records (USA), Extreminal Records (Turkey) and Ketzer Records (Russia) on CD and by Diabolical Masquerade (Netherlands) as a tape
Veni Vidi Vomui – 2011 by Osmose Productions
Damnatio Memoriae – 23 February 2018
Kaoteon - 17 January 2020
Singles
"Anthem of the Dead" – 2008
"The Hunt for Life" - Feb 2022
Awards
"Global Metal" award by Metal Hammer Golden Gods Awards 2018
Members
Current members
Anthony Kaoteon – guitarist/composer/founder (bass on demos and Veni Vidi Vomui) (1998–present)
Former members
Walid WolfLust – all vocals/lyrics (2001–2020)
Ziad Alam - drums (2006-2014)
Riad Hajjar - drums (2003-2004)
Sami Khawam - bass (2001-2002)
Bernard Moussalli - guitars (2001)
Roger Moussalli - drums (2001)
Georges Daou - guitars (2000)
Session members
Terry Stooker – vocals on The Hunt For Life (2022)
Adrian Erlandsson – drums on Kaoteon (2020) and The Hunt For Life (2022)
Linus Klausenitzer – bass on Damnatio Memoriae (2018), Kaoteon (2020) and The Hunt For Life (2022)
Fredrik Widigs – drums on Damnatio Memoriae (2018)
References
"Kaoteon Want to Smash 'Middle Eastern Metal' Stereotypes", Vice Media, 16 February 2018.
External links
Kaoteon profile on Metal Archives
Lebanese heavy metal musical groups
Black metal musical groups
Death metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2000
Robert M. Hayes (December 18, 1926 – February 12, 2022) was an American Professor Emeritus and dean of the Graduate School of Library and Information Science (1974–1989), now the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies, at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). An expert on information systems, Hayes began his academic career in mathematics and went on to become a pioneer in the field of information science.
Early life and education
Robert M. Hayes was born on 3 December 1926, in New York City. During his childhood his family moved frequently because of his stepfather's acting career; as a result he attended over sixteen different high schools before receiving his diploma. By that time the United States had entered the Second World War. He was drafted into the Navy, and gained acceptance into the Navy's V-12 program, in the context of which he took courses at the University of Colorado Boulder.
After the War, Hayes completed his B.A. in mathematics at UCLA, in 1946; he went on to earn his M.A. in mathematics there in 1949, and his Ph.D. in 1952. While completing his Ph.D., he worked in information science at the National Bureau of Standards.
Career
Upon receiving his Ph.D. in 1952, Hayes decided to move into industry, and found a position at Hughes Aircraft, where he programmed a computer to fly an airplane. At that time he also taught in UCLA's university-extension program.
In 1954, he began working at the National Cash Register Company, and a year later he moved to Magnavox Research Laboratories. His work at Magnavox was related to important developments in information storage and retrieval, such as the Minicard and the Magnacard systems. Eager to share his knowledge in the field with students, he subsequently went into teaching; in the 1950s to 1960s he held teaching positions at American University, the University of Washington, and the University of Illinois, as well as Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
In 1958, Hayes was hired as a vice president of Electrada Corporation, where, together with John A. Postley, he created Advanced Information Systems as a subsidiary of Electrada.
At the 1962 Seattle World's Fair ("Century 21 Exposition") Hayes led the training program in library automation for the professional staff of the American Library Association (ALA) exhibit, "Library 21", which aimed to introduce online retrieval to the general public.
He and Joseph Becker co-authored Information Storage and Retrieval (1963), the most comprehensive text in the field at the time. He also partnered with Becker in 1969 to found Becker and Hayes Incorporated, for the purpose of creating an interlibrary network for the State of Washington, a goal that they eventually accomplished.
A lecturer in mathematics at UCLA since 1952, Hayes became a full-time professor there in 1964. Around that time he played a role in the formation of the School of Library Service and the Institute for Library Research.
Hayes was president of the American Society for Information Science and Technology, formerly known as the American Documentation Institute, in 1962/1963, and president of the Information Science and Automation Division of the ALA (later known as the Library and Information Technology Association, or LITA), in 1969–1970.
At UCLA he served as dean of the Graduate School of Library and Information Science from 1974 to 1989, and became professor emeritus in 1991.
From 1987 through the 2000s, Hayes was a visiting professor at a variety of institutions internationally, including Nankai University, Tianjin, China; the University of Library and Information Science, Tsukuba Science City, Japan; Keio University, Tokyo; Khazar University, Baku, Azerbaijan; the University of New South Wales, Sydney, Australia; Strossmayer University, Osijek, Croatia; Loughborough University, England; and the University of Graz, Austria.
His research as of 2009 focused on the role of libraries in national information economies, and the philosophical foundations of information science.
Publications
Hayes, Robert M. Models for Library Management, Decision-Making, and Planning. San Diego: Academic Press, 2001
Hayes, Robert M. Strategic Management for Academic Libraries. Westport, CO: Greenwood Press, 1993
Hayes, Robert M. Libraries and the Information Economy of California. Los Angeles: UCLA, 1985
Hayes, Robert M. and Becker, Joseph. Handbook of Data Processing for Libraries. New York: Becker and Hayes, 1970 (2nd edition, Wiley, 1974). Winner of Best Information Science Book Award, from ASIS&T, 1971
Becker, Joseph and Hayes, Robert M. Information Storage and Retrieval: Tools, Elements, Theories. New York: John Wiley, 1963
External links
"Robert Hayes, Professor Emeritus", faculty page at UCLA Department of Education & Information Studies
Transcript of oral history interview with Robert Hayes, conducted by Sarah Buchanan, on August 5, 2010. Los Angeles Chapter of ASIS&T
References
1926 births
2022 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
Information systems researchers
Writers from New York City
UCLA Graduate School of Education and Information Studies faculty
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Mathematicians from New York (state)
The 1925 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 2, 1925 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The Liberal Party of Saskatchewan – under its new leader, Charles A. Dunning – won its sixth consecutive victory, and continued to dominate the legislature.
The Progressive Party of Saskatchewan increased its share of the vote from 7.5% to over 23%, but failed to add to its six member caucus.
The Conservative Party of James Anderson also increased its vote by over 14%, but only increased its representation in the legislature from two to three members.
The increase in the Progressive and Conservative vote came from voters who had supported independent candidates in the 1921 election.
Results
Note:* Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
Percentages
Members elected
For complete electoral history, see individual districts
July 21, 1925
For complete electoral history, see individual districts
See also
List of Saskatchewan political parties
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan - Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1925 elections in Canada
1925 in Saskatchewan
1925
June 1925 events
The Snow Maiden () is a 1968 Soviet fantasy film directed by Pavel Kadochnikov.
Plot
The Snow Maiden is the daughter of Ded Moroz and the Beauty of Spring. Her icy heart has never known simple human joys, never known love before meeting Lel. His spiritual warmth gave the girl the wealth of the surrounding world, melted the heart of the cold beauty.
Cast
Yevgenia Filonova as Snegurochka
Evgeny Zharikov as Lel
Irina Gubanova as Kupava
Boris Khimichev as Misghir
Pavel Kadochnikov as Tsar Berendey
Natalya Klimova as Vesna
Valeri Malyshev as Brusilo
Sergey Filippov as Bermyata
Boris Shcherbakov as young man
Andrey Apsolon as Bakula
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet fantasy films
Films based on children's books
Soviet films based on plays
Lenfilm films
Films set around New Year
Snegurochka
1960s fantasy films
TAMPEP (European Network for HIV/STI Prevention and Health Promotion among Migrant Sex Workers) is an international organisation that supports the health and human rights of migrant sex workers in Europe.
History
Founded in 1993, with headquarters in Amsterdam, the organisation initially operated in Italy, Austria, Germany, and the Netherlands. As of November 2019, it coordinates a network of 30 organisations, in 25 countries of Europe, and receives funding from the European Commission, as well as from national governments, and was said to reach persons from over 80 different nationalities, as of January 2018. As of November 2019, TAMPEP is hosted by Pro-tukipiste, a service provider organisation based in Helsinki, Finland.
TAMPEP originally stood for "Transnational AIDS/STD prevention amongst Migrant Prostitutes in Europe Project"; "STD" was later changed to "STI". The organisation has changed its self-description several times over the years: By 2004, it presented itself as the "European Network for Transnational AIDS/STD Prevention among Migrant Prostitutes"; as of 2019, it calls itself the "European Network for HIV/STI Prevention and Health Promotion among Migrant Sex Workers".
TAMPEP states that in 2017, it was re-structured into a "migrant sex worker-led network that unites sex worker groups and allies in the fields of sex work, migration, and health. The purpose of the network is to build stronger partnerships, and to advocate for the rights and health of migrant and mobile sex workers at the European level".
Activities
The main concern of the project is HIV/AIDS prevention; it approaches the problem from a general health and human rights approach, working for empowerment and self-determination of female and transsexual migrant sex workers, and for improvements in their working conditions and social situation. The member organisations employ street work, peer educators, and informational materials to contact migrant sex workers. The organisation produces regular reports about the situation of sex workers in Europe.
TAMPEP's literature emphasises the need to cleanly distinguish between the issues of trafficking, sex work, and migration. TAMPEP opposes trafficking as a human rights abuse, but supports efforts to improve working conditions of sex workers and to facilitate migration.
TAMPEP has also operated in Nigeria, where it helps to rehabilitate sex workers deported from Italy.
See also
Istanbul Convention
List of sex worker organizations
Sexual and reproductive health and rights
Sexual consent
Sex workers' rights
The Red Thread (De Rode Draad)
References
External links
Human rights organisations based in the Netherlands
Sex worker organizations
International human rights organizations
The 1892 Case football team was an American football team that represented the Case School of Applied Science in Cleveland, Ohio, now a part of Case Western Reserve University. Playing as an independent during the 1892 college football season, the team compiled a 3–0 record.
Schedule
References
Case
Case Western Reserve Spartans football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Case football
Maverick Films is a Philippine film production company owned by Jinggoy Estrada.
History
1999-2001: Millennium Cinema
The film company was established in 1999 by actor-politician Jinggoy Estrada and producer Eric Cuatico as Millennium Cinema, serving as a sister company of Jesse Ejercito's Crown Seven Ventures. Pepeng Agimat, its maiden movie starring Bong Revilla, was one of the entries in the 1999 Metro Manila Film Festival. 2000 saw the film company producing several films, such as FPJ's Ang Dalubhasa and Ayos Na ang Kasunod, and biopics Col. Elmer Jamias: Barako ng Maynila and The Ping Lacson Story.
In January 2001, amid the impeachment of then President Joseph Estrada, Millennium Cinema, along with Crown Seven Ventures, closed down. At that time, Walang Iwanan, Peksman and Kaaway Hanggang Hukay were the film company's two remaining projects. The former was still under post-production, being released by Ramon Salvador's production company independently on March that year. The latter, which was supposed to be part of the 2000 Metro Manila Film Festival, was still ongoing production, being released by Jolo Films the following year.
2001-present: Maverick Films
In March 2001, Millennium Cinema was relaunched by a new group of investors headed by Eric Cuatico as Maverick Films, with Luv Text as its maiden movie. For the next few years, though not as active as its predecessor, it released a string of movies, such as Mananabas, Mano Mano 2, Batas ng Lansangan, Bestman: 4 Better, Not 4 Worse, and www.XXX.com, which launched the career of Juliana Palermo.
In October 2003, Maverick Films closed down after the release of Utang ng Ama.
Since 2007, the film company is used sporadically for Jinggoy Estrada's movies Katas ng Saudi and Magkaibigan, which was one of the entries in the 2008 Metro Manila Film Festival where it won Best Actor award. After over a decade of dormancy, it returned with Coming Home, his comeback movie which was one of the entries in the 2020 Metro Manila Film Festival.
References
Philippine film studios
Film production companies of the Philippines
Mass media companies established in 1999
The Gabela helmetshrike (Prionops gabela) is a species of bird in the Vanga family Vangidae, formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.
It is endemic to Angola.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Gabela helmetshrike
Endemic birds of Angola
Gabela helmetshrike
Gabela helmetshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1969 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 38th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Cork entered the championship as defending champions.
On 28 September 1969, Cork won the championship following a 2-7 to 0-11 defeat of Derry in the All-Ireland final. This was their fourth All-Ireland title overall and their third in succession.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Cork achieves the double for the second time in their history, after earlier winning the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship. They also become the second team after Dublin in 1956 to win three successive All-Ireland titles. Brian Murphy and Ger Hanley claim winners' medals in both All-Ireland victories.
References
1969
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
The Turkey women's water polo team is a water polo team that represents Turkey at water polo competitions.
Results
European Championship
European Championship Qualification
Mediterranean Games
Current squad
Roster for the 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship.
Head coach: Hakan Şahbaz
References
Women's national water polo teams
National water polo teams in Europe
National water polo teams by country
Water polo
Ywathitkon is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Jackson Creek may refer to:
In Australia
Jackson Creek (Victoria), a watercourse of the Port Phillip catchment in Victoria
In Canada
Jackson Creek (Alberta)
Jackson Creek (Toronto)
Jackson Creek (Peterborough, Ontario)
In the United States
Jackson Creek, in Oregon
Jackson Creek (Dry Creek), in California
Jackson Creek (Monroe County, Indiana), in Indiana
Jackson Creek (Sprout Creek), in New York
Jackson Creek (Uwharrie River tributary), a stream in Randolph County, North Carolina
Little Swatara Creek, once known as Jackson Creek, in Pennsylvania
Colegio Jordán de Sajonia (; ), is a private Catholic elementary, secondary and preparatory school located in Bogotá, D.C., Colombia. The bilingual school was founded on February 1, 1954 by Alberto E. Ariza, a Dominican Friar.
Principals
1954–1960: Rev. José de Jesús Sedano González, OP
1961–1963: Rev. Luis Carlos Perea Sastoque, OP
1964: Rev. Ismael Enrique Arévalo Claro, OP
1965: Rev. Salvador Sánchez Toro, OP
1966–1969: Rev. Domingo Abel Amaya, OP
1970–1971: Rev. Adalberto Cardona Gómez, OP
1972–1976: Rev. Jesús Antonio Ceballos Giraldo, OP
1977–1979: Rev. Luis Carlos Perea Sastoque, OP
1979–1982: Rev. José Antonio Balaguera Cepeda, OP
1983–1986: Rev. Vicente Becerra Reyes, OP
1987: Rev. Marco Antonio Peña Salinas, OP
1987–1988: Rev. Jesús Antonio Ceballos Giraldo, OP
1989–1991: Rev. Mauricio Galeano Rojas, OP
1992–1993: Rev. Tiberio Polanía Ramírez, OP
1994–1995: Rev. José Arturo Restrepo Restrepo, OP
1995–1998: Rev. Mauricio Galeano Rojas, OP
1998–2003: Rev. Rubén Darío López García, OP
2003–2006: Rev. Jaime De Jesús Valencia García, OP
2006–2007: Rev. Jaime Andrés Argüello Parra, OP
2007–2011: Rev. Giovanni Humberto Guarnizo V, OP
2012-2015: Rev. Oscar Guayan Perdomo, OP
2015-2019: Rev. José Gabriel Mesa Angulo, OP
2019-2021 : Rev. Edgar Aníbal Rueda Bueno, O.P.
2021 : Rev. Javier Antonio Castellanos, O.P.
See also
Blessed Jordan of Saxony
Dominican Order
Saint Thomas Aquinas University
References
External links
Colegio Jordán de SajoniaOfficial website
Province of Saint Louis BertrandOfficial website
Jordan de Sajonia
Jordan de Sajonia
Colegio Jordan de Sajonia
Jordan de Sajonia
Schools in Bogotá
1954 establishments in Colombia
The black-faced pitta (Pitta anerythra) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is found on Bougainville Island in Papua New Guinea (subspecies pallida), and Choiseul Island (subspecies nigrifrons) as well as Santa Isabel Island (nominate form) in the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest. It is threatened by habitat loss and most certainly by introduced predators and/or competitors.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
black-faced pitta
Birds of Bougainville Island
Birds of the Solomon Islands
black-faced pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Denmark national under-17 football team represents Denmark in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Danish Football Association, the governing body for football in Denmark. It was founded in 1964 as an under-16 team. In 2001, it was changed to an under-17 team.
Competitive record
The Danish under-17 squad made its World Cup debut at the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Mexico.
FIFA U-16 and U-17 World Cup
Under-16 era
*Draws also include penalty shootouts, regardless of the outcome.
Under-17 era
*Draws also include penalty shootouts, regardless of the outcome.
UEFA European Under-16 and Under-17 Championship
Under-16 era
*Draws also include penalty shootouts, regardless of the outcome.
Under-17 era
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center; width:30em;"
|-
! Edition !! Round !!style="width:2em;"| MP !!style="width:2em;"| W !!style="width:2em;"| D* !!style="width:2em;"| L !!style="width:2em;"| GF !!style="width:2em;"| GA
|-
|style="border:3px solid red;"| 2002 || Quarterfinals || 4 || 1 || 3 || 0 || 12 || 6
|-
| 2003 || Group phase || 3 || 1 || 0 || 2 || 4 || 5
|-
| 2004 || colspan=7 rowspan=7| Did not qualify
|-
| 2005
|-
| 2006
|-
| 2007
|-
| 2008
|-
| 2009
|-
| 2010
|-bgcolor="#cc9966"
| 2011 || Semifinals || 4 || 3 || 0 || 1 || 6 || 4
|-
| 2012 || colspan=7 rowspan=4|Did not qualify
|-
| 2013
|-
| 2014
|-
| 2015
|-
| 2016 || Group phase || 3 || 1 || 1 || 1 || 2 || 3
|-
| 2017 ||colspan=7| Did not qualify
|-
| 2018 || Group phase || 3 || 0 || 0 || 3 || 2 || 5
|-
| 2019 ||colspan=7| Did not qualify
|-
| 2020||rowspan=2 colspan=8|Cancelled due to COVID-19 pandemic|-
| 2021
|-
| 2022 || Quarter finals || 4 || 2 || 0 || 2 || 9 || 6
|-
| 2023||rowspan=2 colspan=8|to be determined|-
| 2024
|-
|}
*Draws also include penalty shootouts, regardless of the outcome.
Recent results
2017
Results in 2017
2018
Results in 2018
2019
Results in 2019
Current squad
The following players were called up for the 2022 UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Israel between 14 May and 2 June 2022.Caps and goals correct as of 26 May 2022.''
Recent callups
Head coaches
1971: Max Rasmussen
1972: Bent Dahl
1973–1979: Hardy Gynild
1980–1981: Kaj Christensen
1982: Hans Brun Larsen
1983: Per Simonsen
1984–1987: Kim Splidsboel
1987–1996: Poul Erik Bech
1996–2006: Hans Brun Larsen
2006–2008: Glen Riddersholm
2008–2012: Thomas Frank
2012–2016: Jan Michaelsen
2016: Per Holm
2017: Claus Nørgaard
2017–2018: Michael Pedersen
2018–2020: Søren Hermansen
2020-present: Kenneth Weber
See also
Denmark national football team
Denmark national under-21 football team
Denmark national under-19 football team
References
European national under-17 association football teams
under-17
"Isn't It Time" is a song from the American rock group, The Beach Boys. The song is the second single released from the band's twenty-ninth studio album, That's Why God Made the Radio.
A special single version was released as an EP with live versions of "California Girls", "Do It Again", "Sail On, Sailor" from Chicago on September 28, 2012 on iTunes, and was also included on The Beach Boys 2012 compilation album Fifty Big Ones. It is significantly remixed and partially re-recorded. According to Mike Love, "We actually did a little bit of extra work on the bridge to make it more of a four-part (harmony) thing and changed the lyric a little bit as well."
Personnel
The Beach Boys
Brian Wilson – vocals
Mike Love – vocals
Al Jardine – vocals
Bruce Johnston – vocals
David Marks – guitar
Additional musicians
Jeff Foskett – vocals, guitar
Jim Peterik – ukulele, percussion
Larry Millas – bass
References
The Beach Boys songs
2012 singles
2012 songs
Capitol Records singles
Song recordings produced by Brian Wilson
Songs written by Brian Wilson
Songs written by Jim Peterik
Songs written by Mike Love
Karin Knapp was the defending champion, but withdrew before the tournament began.
Kiki Bertens won the title, defeating Mariana Duque Mariño in the final, 6–2, 6–2.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Lucky losers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
References
Main draw
Qualifying draw
Nurnberger Versicherungscup Singles
2016 Singles
Nurnberger Versicherungscup Singles
Erica Pappritz (25 June 1893 – 4 February 1972) was a German diplomat and civil servant. She co-wrote two books on social etiquette, Buch der Etikette ("The Book of Etiquette") and Etikette neu ("New Etiquette").
Personal life
Pappritz's father was a Rittmeister in the German Army. Her name was often incorrectly translated as "Freifrau von" ("Dame of"), in reference to German poet Marie Luise Kaschnitz.
In 1972, she died in Bonn of heart failure.
Career
In 1919, Pappritz joined the Federal Foreign Office, working in the foreign trade office. She supervised the Diplomatic Corps during the Nuremberg Rallies. In 1943, Pappritz became a civil servant. On her 50th birthday, she was given the salary of a first-grade Legation Council member. In 1944, she was transferred to Karpacz, after her office was converted into an armaments factory. After the Second World War, Pappritz was made to attend a denazification board meeting along with Vollrath von Maltzan. Both said that they had rejected Nazism. Pappritz had been a member of the Nazi Party.
Pappritz settled in Eichenau, Bavaria, and in 1949, she was asked to take the Bavarian State Chancellery to Bonn. In 1950, she agreed the etiquette during a disagreement between Cologne and Bonn over the seating arrangements at an event to celebrate 1900 years since the founding of Cologne.
In 1956, Pappritz and Karlheinz Graudenz wrote the book Buch der Etikette (The Book of Etiquette). At the time, she was working as the Legation Counsellor and Deputy Chief of Protocol to the Foreign Office in Bonn. The book had a focus on increasing civility in post-Nazi Germany, focusing on politeness and a respect for human rights. The book includes sections on correct odour and on how Bonn diplomats liked to carry umbrellas. At the time, the book was criticised for promoting snobbery. Stockholms-Tidningen journalist said: "One does not know whether one should laugh or cry over this etiquette bible certified by the West German Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1957." Pappritz made some corrections to the original book, and the third edition was published in 1957.
In 1967, Pappritz and Graudenz wrote another book, Etikette neu (New Etiquette). The book became available at the German Bundestag in 2007.
Pappritz retired from public office in 1958, after which she occasionally lectured on tourism, advertising, and social etiquette.
Books
Graudenz, Karlheinz, Pappritz, Erica, Buch der Etikette (1956)
Graudenz, Karlheinz, Pappritz, Erica, Etikette neu (1967)
References
1893 births
1972 deaths
20th-century German diplomats
20th-century German women writers
20th-century German writers
Nazi Party members
A lisp is a type of speech impediment.
Lisp may also refer to:
Lisp (programming language), a family of computer programming languages
Rhotacism (speech impediment), 'lisp' on the letter R
Locator/Identifier Separation Protocol, a "map-and-encapsulate" Internet protocol
Lisp Machines, a company that built Lisp machines out of MIT
Lisp (band), an English trip hop band
Lisp (group), the Japanese girl group
Light Industry and Science Park, the industrial parks
Qalhar (, also Romanized as Qālhar; also known as Ghalhar, Golhar, Gulehār, and Kūlhār) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2015 census, its population was 618, in 229 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Postbar, PostBar, or postbar may refer to:
Baidu Tieba, also known as Baidu Postbar
PostBar, a blank-ink barcode system used by Canada Post
Bielin refers to the following places in Poland:
Bielin, Lublin Voivodeship
Bielin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
The 2020 FC Dallas season was the club's 25th season in Major League Soccer, the top tier of American soccer. FC Dallas was also to participate in the U.S. Open Cup before its cancelation due to the COVID-19 pandemic in North America.
On March 12, the season entered a month-long suspension due to COVID-19, following the cancellation of several matches. On March 19, the suspension was extended until May 10, and on April 17, the suspension was extended further to June 8. On May 1, the league announced that players will be allowed to resume individual outdoor training at MLS facilities on May 6. On June 10, MLS announced that a bracket format dubbed the "MLS is Back Tournament" would begin July 8 at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex in Walt Disney World, and end with the final on August 11.
On July 6, MLS announced FC Dallas would not be participating in the MLS is Back Tournament due to a high number of players and technical staff testing positive for COVID-19.
On August 8, MLS unveiled the framework of a revised schedule for the remainder of the 2020 season, with the League's 25th season continuing in the home markets of the 26 clubs beginning August 12 and continuing till September 20 with plans to announce the balance of the regular season schedule by early September. Attendance at matches was determined by MLS and club leadership in accordance with applicable state and local guidelines.
On September 11, MLS announced the regular season match schedule and national broadcast details that cover matches through the end of September along with the qualification and competition format for the 2020 MLS Cup Playoffs. Additional regular season matches were announced at a later date pending further developments regarding travel protocols.
On September 22, FC Dallas announced nine additional matches that Major League Soccer released for the remainder of its 2020 regular season schedule. FC Dallas played one additional match against Nashville SC to complete the 23-game regular season schedule. That match was announced at a later date.
On October 8, Major League Soccer announced the third and final makeup match from the MLS is Back Tournament between FC Dallas and Nashville SC that was played Wednesday, November 4 at 7:30PM at Nissan Stadium in Nashville. Both Dallas and Nashville were forced to withdraw from the MLS is Back Tournament after players and staff from both teams contracted COVID-19.
On October 31, Major League Soccer confirmed that qualification for the Audi MLS Cup Playoffs would be determined by points per game. The league had indicated it would use points per game to determine playoff qualifiers in the case clubs played an uneven number of matches. As a result, the Minnesota United FC game originally scheduled on October 14 was canceled.
Background
Transfers
In
|}
Draft picks
Out
Club
Roster
As of October 7, 2020.
Out on loan
Competitions
Preseason
Kickoff times are in CST (UTC-06) unless shown otherwise
MLS
Western Conference standings
Western Conference
Overall standings
Results summary
Results by round
Regular season
Kickoff times are in CDT (UTC-05) unless shown otherwise
MLS is Back Tournament
MLS Cup Playoffs
U.S. Open Cup
The 2020 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Statistics
Appearances
Numbers outside parentheses denote appearances as starter.
Numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute.
Players with no appearances are not included in the list.
Goals and assists
Player name(s) in italics transferred out mid-season.
Disciplinary record
Player name(s) in italics'' transferred out mid-season.
Goalkeeper stats
Player name(s) in italics transferred out mid-season.
Kits
See also
FC Dallas
2020 in American soccer
2020 Major League Soccer season
References
Dallas, FC
Dallas, FC
Dallas, FC
FC Dallas seasons
cleard () is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Churchill's Leopards (, ) is a 1970 Italian-Spanish "macaroni combat" war film directed by Maurizio Pradeaux and starring Richard Harrison and Klaus Kinski.
Plot
A British commando team heads into occupied France to blow up a German held dam in preparation for D-Day, while a British officer infiltrates the German garrison, posing as his recently dead German twin brother, in order to provide help from the inside. The German commander is, however, becoming very suspicious.
Main cast
Richard Harrison as Lt. Richard Benson / Lt. Hans Müller
Pilar Velázquez as Elise
Giacomo Rossi-Stuart as Major Powell
Frank Braña as François Leduc
Helga Liné as Marlene Schulman
Antonio Casas as "La Tulipe"
Klaus Kinski as Hauptsturmführer Holtz
Herb Andress
See also
Euro War
War Film
References
External links
1970 films
Italian war films
Spanish war films
1970s Italian-language films
Western Front of World War II films
Macaroni Combat films
Films directed by Maurizio Pradeaux
Films produced by Ricardo Sanz
1970s Italian films
Christopher C. Rants (born September 16, 1967) is a former Iowa State Representative. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1992 to 2010. He received his BA from Morningside College. His work experience includes managing environmental compliance projects for Metz Baking Company, and Pierce & Associates, a Sioux City consulting firm. After leaving the legislature, Rants started inSight Communication as government affairs and public relations firm. In 2015 Rants partnered his firm with PolicyWorks LLC, another Iowa government affairs firm.
Rants served on several committees in the Iowa House - Commerce, Education, Ways & Means, Labor, and Rules committees. His political experience includes serving as Assistant Majority Leader beginning in 1994, serving as the Speaker Pro Tempore, serving as House Majority Leader beginning in 1999, and serving as Speaker of the Iowa House from 2003 through 2006.
Rants was re-elected in 2008 by a margin of 57% to 43%.
In June 2009, Rants announced his intention to seek his party's nomination for the 2010 election for Governor of Iowa. Rants announced that he was pulling out of the race for governor in February 2010.
In 2006 and 2008 Rants backed Mitt Romney in the Iowa caucuses, and in 2016 Rants was the state chairman for the Carly Fiorina for President campaign.
Christopher is an Aspen Institute Rodel Fellow in Public Leadership. Rant serves as Vice Chairman of the Republican State Leadership Committee.
Rants is an avid golfer, who has played the 2004 Golf Magazine's Top 100 Public Courses You Can Play.
References
External links
Representative Christopher Rants - official Iowa General Assembly site
Rants' website
Profile at iowahouserepublicans.com
1967 births
Living people
People from Grosse Pointe, Michigan
Methodists from Iowa
Iowa Republicans
Speakers of the Iowa House of Representatives
Morningside University alumni
Politicians from Sioux City, Iowa
Bonaventura Peeters (I) or Bonaventura Peeters the Elder (23 July 1614 – 25 July 1652) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman and etcher. He became one of the leading marine artists in the Low Countries in the first half of the 17th century with his depictions of marine battles, storms at sea, shipwrecks and views of ships in rivers and harbours.
Life
Peeters was born in Antwerp as the son of Cornelis Peeters and Catharina van Eelen. He was baptised in the church of St. Walpurgis in Antwerp on 23 July 1614. He was a brother of the seascape painters Jan the Elder, Gillis the Elder and Catharina Peeters.
Nothing is known about his early training although it is possible that Andries van Eertvelt, a specialist of stormy sea paintings, was his master. Bonaventura became a master in Antwerp's Guild of Saint Luke in 1634. On 5 July 1638 he received a commission of the pensionary of Antwerp to produce maps of the Siege of Kallo and Verrebroek which had occurred only one month earlier. He was able to deliver the maps half a month later. This earned him a subsequent commission from the pensionary for a large painting of the Siege of Kallo, which he completed in collaboration with his brother Gillis. He became one of the few marine specialists active in the Southern Netherlands during the mid-17th century.
Initially he shared a studio in Antwerp with his older brother Gillis. However, he moved in 1641 to Hoboken (Antwerp) where he lived in a spacious residence and worked in a studio with his pupils Catharina and Jan Peeters (I). He was the teacher of his siblings Catharina and Jan Peeters (I). The son of his brother Gillis, referred to as Bonaventura Peeters the Younger (1648–1702) became a marine and landscape artist.
Peeters never married and died in Hoboken, aged 38 after suffering from ill health the last years of his life.
Work
Bonaventura's marine paintings comprise the whole range of battle scenes, storms, shipwrecks, views of ships in rivers, coastal waters and harbours, night scenes etc. His earliest marine paintings are panoramic views. His intimate and accurate knowledge of ships may hint at an early life spent at sea. He paid particular attention to the detailed depiction of clouds and waves.
His earlier works show a similarity to the tonal phase of Dutch landscape painting. Later paintings reflect the stronger colours of Italianate classicism. This shift follows the general change in artistic style at the time. Dramatic shipwrecks with dark billowy clouds form a significant part of his oeuvre, as do serene ports and "portraits" of ships.
Many of Peeters' paintings depict actual locations along the North Sea and the river Scheldt and these subjects form the bulk of his artistic production. He may have even travelled along the coast of Scandinavia as is shown by his views of the port of Archangel in Northern Russia one of which offers a scene of reindeers or elks pulling sledges. His other views of Scandinavian ports and scenes support the view that he may have travelled there. Bonaventura Peeters the Elder repeatedly returned to the portrayal of seaports with shipping in the foreground. Peeters the Elder developed something of a speciality in the portrayal of seaports with shipping in the foreground. His first such view dates to 1634, the year in which he became a master in the Antwerp guild. It depicts The 'Hercules' and 'Eenhorn' off the port of Hoorn (1634, National Maritime Museum, London). Peeters' oeuvre includes a number of smaller examples of this type, including three views of Willemstad, taken from different angles, and a view of Brouwershaven, in Rotterdam.
His many views of far-away Mediterranean and Middle Eastern ports reflect a growing taste for the exotic and are probably completely imaginary or derived from prints, including those by his younger brother Jan who had travelled in Southern Europe. This tradition developed simultaneously in Flemish Baroque painting and in Dutch Golden Age painting, with many artists, including Peeters, working in both Antwerp and in the Dutch Republic. For his views of Brazil Bonaventura may have relied on descriptions or depictions by his brother Gillis, who had travelled to South America.
Bonaventura Peeters is known also for his drawings and engravings with maritime subjects. One of them entitled Ships in a storm (Plantin-Moretus Museum in Antwerp) has a poem by him on its back in which he compares the dangers at sea with the dangers that man has to face over a lifetime. His drawings, as well as those of his family members Jan Peeters I and Bonaventura Peeters II, were used in the preparation of the Blaeu's Atlas Maior of the whole world (Atlas Blaeu-Van der Hem).
Bonaventura collaborated with other family members and artists in Antwerp. For instance, he collaborated with his brother Gillis on a painting of the Battle of Kallo. As he was a gifted staffage painter he was asked by other painters to paint the figures in their compositions. His collaboration with father and son Pieter Neeffs the Elder and the Younger, painters of church interiors, is documented in the signed examples in the National Gallery in London and the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
References
External links
Flemish Baroque painters
Flemish marine artists
Artists from Antwerp
1614 births
1652 deaths
General elections were held in Nepal on 15 November 1994 to elect the Nepal House of Representatives (Pratinidhi Sabha). The election took place after the previous Nepali Congress government collapsed and King Birenda called new elections. The results saw the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) win the most seats in the House of Representatives and Man Mohan Adhikari became Prime Minister at the head of a minority government.
Background
King Birenda agreed to introduce democracy in 1990 and to become a constitutional monarch after increasing protests by the 1990 People's Movement. The 1991 multi-party elections saw the Nepali Congress party win a majority with 112 of the 205 seats. Girija Prasad Koirala was chosen by the Nepali Congress as their leader in parliament and was appointed Prime Minister.
By 1994 the economic situation in Nepal had worsened and the opposition accused the government of being corrupt. Divisions had also arisen within the Nepali Congress after Prime Minister Koirala was accused of helping to ensure that the president of the Nepali Congress, Krishna Prasad Bhattarai, was defeated in a by-election in February 1994. These divisions led to 36 Nepali Congress members of parliament abstaining on a parliamentary vote in July 1994 leading to the government losing the vote. As a result, Koirala offered his resignation as Prime Minister and King Birenda dissolved parliament with new elections called for 13 November. Koirala stayed on as caretaker Prime Minister until the election.
Campaign
The election saw 1,500 candidates spread over 24 parties competing for the 205 seats in the House of Representatives. The leading two parties in the election were the governing Nepali Congress and the main opposition party, the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist). The Nepali Congress called on voters to stick with their party and not to entrust power to a Communist party they accused of being irresponsible.
The Communist party called for land reform to break up large landholdings and give land to landless Nepalese peasants. Other pledges made by the party included running water and electricity for all voters and for each village to have at least one television. While the party called for foreign investment to be somewhat restricted and for privatisations to be limited, they also stressed that they believed in a mixed economy and did not support nationalisation. They accused the Nepali Congress government of having been incompetent and corrupt and said that a change in government was required.
On election day itself there was some violence resulting in one death and another 15 people being injured. 124 international election monitors observed the election and new polls were ordered in 31 constituencies where violence had occurred.
Results
The results saw the Nepali Congress party lose their majority in parliament and the Communist party became the largest group in the House of Representatives. However no party won the 103 seats required for a majority on their own. The pro-monarchy party, the Rastriya Prajatantra Party, made significant gains winning 20 seats up from the 4 they had won in the previous election. Voter turnout was 58% a decline from the 60% who had voted in the previous election in 1991.
Aftermath
Following the election the Communist party elected Man Mohan Adhikari as leader of the party in parliament and he attempted to form a minority government. King Birendra asked both the Communists and the Nepali Congress party to explain to him why they should be allowed to form the government and then he would make a decision on who should be appointed Prime Minister. The Nepali Congress attempted to form a deal with smaller parties including the Rastriya Prajatantra Party in order to try to stay in power. However this was unsuccessful and Adhikari became Prime Minister at the head of a minority Communist government. They therefore became the first elected communist government in a constitutional monarchy anywhere in the world and the first communist government in Asia to come into power democratically.
See also
Adhikari cabinet, 1994
List of MPs elected in the 1994 Nepalese general election
References
General elections in Nepal
1994 elections in Nepal
Nepal
November 1994 events in Asia
The bumpnose trevally (Carangoides hedlandensis), also known as the bumpnose kingfish or onion kingfish, is a species of relatively small inshore marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The bumpnose trevally is fairly common in the tropical and subtropical waters of the Indo-west Pacific region, ranging from South Africa in the west to Japan and Samoa in the east. It is a small species by carangid standards, reaching a maximum known length of 32 cm, and can be distinguished from the similarly shaped Carangoides armatus by a distinct 'bump' on the snout, which gives the fish its common name. The species inhabits coastal waters, often living along bays and beaches, where it takes shrimp, small crabs, and juvenile fish as prey. The bumpnose trevally is of minor importance to fisheries throughout its range, taken by hook and line, trawls, and seine nets. It is also of minor importance to anglers, taken by baits from beaches and piers, and is considered a modest table fish.
Taxonomy and naming
The bumpnose trevally is classified within the genus Carangoides, a group of fish commonly called jacks and trevallies. Carangoides falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, the Carangidae are part of the order Carangiformes.
The species, as it is currently accepted, was first described and classified by the Australian ichthyologist Gilbert Percy Whitley in 1934 based upon a sample taken from Port Hedland in Western Australia, which was designated to be the holotype. Whitley named the species Olistus hedlandensis, placing the fish in what was at the time a valid genus of jacks. When Olistus was synonymised with Carangoides, the fish was placed either in Caranx or Carangoides, and is currently accepted as belonging in the latter. The specific epithet refers to the type location of the species, Port Hedland. This was not the first time the fish had been described though, with Georges Cuvier applying the name Olistus malabaricus to the species in 1833, which would give it priority over Whitley's name. However, when Olistus was merged into Carangoides, a taxonomic homonym was created with Carangoides malabaricus, thus Whitley's name has been accepted to overcome this problem. The bumpnose trevally is very similar to Carangoides armatus, and appears to have been misidentified as such many times, with 1980 review of the two species finding many misidentified fish in museum collections.
Description
The bumpnose trevally is one of the smaller members of the genus Carangoides, growing to a known maximum of 32 cm in length. It is quite similar in appearance to a number of co-occurring trevallies, especially C. armatus and Atropus atropos, with the simplest identifying feature being the distinct break in the contour ('bump') of the interorbital region, which becomes more pronounced with increasing size. The body is compressed and deep, with the head profile very steep in adults, leading to a more convex dorsal profile in comparison to the ventral profile. The dorsal fin is in two sections, the first consisting of eight spines while the second has one spine and between 20 and 22 soft rays. The anal fin has two anteriorly detached spines followed by 1 spine and 16 to 18 soft rays, while the pelvic fin has one spine and 18 soft rays. The lobes of the second dorsal and anal fins are elongated and filamentous, being longer than the head. In males, a number of the central soft rays are also produced into filaments of varying lengths. The lateral line has a moderate anterior arch, which contains 63 to 70 scales, while the straight section has eight to 14 scales and 21 to 27 scutes. The curved and straight sections intersect below the 10th to 12th soft rays of the second dorsal fin. The breast is devoid of scales, with the scaleless area extending to the origin of the pelvic fins and up to the base of the pectoral fins. Both jaws have bands of villiform teeth, which are widest anteriorly. It has a total of 20 to 27 gill rakers and 24 vertebrae.
The body of the bumpnose trevally is a silvery green-blue above, becoming more silvery-white below, with a dark blotch present on the operculum. The spinous dorsal fin and the soft dorsal fin rays are black, while the anal fin is brownish, with the filaments and lobe often blackish. The caudal fin has black trailing and leading edges, and the pelvic fin is dusky to black. Juveniles often have five to seven vertical crossbars on their sides.
Distribution and habitat
The bumpnose trevally is widely distributed in the tropical and subtropical regions of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans. In the Indian Ocean, the species ranges from South Africa, Madagascar, and the Seychelles north along east Africa to Mozambique, but has no records further north until India and Sri Lanka. Its distribution extends into Southeast Asia, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and northern Australia, with the species extending as far north as Japan and as far east as Samoa in the Pacific.
The bumpnose trevally is an inshore fish, rarely venturing to depths greater than 50 m. It inhabits sandy bays and beaches, and appears to be quite tolerant of turbid waters, often living in the dirty waters near river mouths. Despite this, it appears to have a fairly low tolerance to reduced salinities and is not found in estuaries themselves.
Biology and fishery
The bumpnose trevally is usually founds in small groups of two or more, swimming along beaches where they take prey which consists of shrimp, small crabs, and fish. Studies on the North West Shelf of Australia have found the species often aggregates with other carangids, particularly Carangoides humerosus, Ulua aurochs, and Selaroides leptolepis, and together these make up a large proportion of the resident fish fauna. Reproduction in the species is very poorly known, with young fish often showing up in South Africa during summer.
The bumpnose trevally is of minor importance to fisheries throughout its range, caught using hook and line, bottom trawls, beach seines, and various fish traps. In some areas, such as Fiji, it is of more importance, but no catch statistics are available for the species. It is also of minor importance to anglers, often taken from beaches and piers using baits, and is considered marginal table fare.
References
External links
Bumpnose trevally at Fishbase
Encyclopedia of Life page
bumpnose trevally
Fish of Micronesia
Fish of South Africa
Marine fauna of Southern Africa
bumpnose trevally
Edmentum is an American online learning provider.
Founded in 2000 as Archipelago Learning, the company is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and is a publicly held company with the largest shareholder being Providence Equity Partners, a media focused private equity firm. The company went public in November 2009 under the ticker (). On 17 May 2012, Archipelago Learning was acquired by PLATO Learning in an all-cash deal valued at $291 million. As a result, the stock was delisted.
Business products
The company sells a suite of supplemental educational software products.
Study Island is the company's best-known product and website. It is available intwo versions: Study Island for Home, for the home market, and Study Island for Schools, for the educational market.
The brand was launched in 2000.
EducationCity is a developer and publisher of online educational learning with offices in Chicago, USA and Rutland, UK.
Archipelago acquired the firm in June 2010.
History
Study Island was founded in May 2000 by Cam Chalmers and Dave Muzzo, originally providing tools related to the Ohio Proficiency Test Program. By 2002, Study Island had expanded to four states, Ohio, North Carolina, New York, and Michigan and serviced 180 schools. Continuing its rapid growth plan, Study Island, which moved its offices to Dallas, Texas added six states in 2003 and expanded its coverage to 750 schools.
In January 2007, Providence Equity Partners and MHT Partners together with co-founders Cameron Chalmers and David Muzzo completed a recapitalization of Study Island in which Archipelago Learning was created to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Study Island.
In June 2008, the company acquired TeacherWeb and in August 2009 the company acquired a minority interest in Edline, a private educational technology company. Also, in April 2009, the company launched Northstar Learning, marking its first entry into the postsecondary education market.
In October 2009, it launched in Canada.
In November 2009, Archipelago Learning launched a $75 million initial public offering on the NASDAQ under the symbol "ARCL". It also sold TeacherWeb in November 2009.
In June 2010, it bought EducationCity expanding the company's school count and portfolio of products in the U.S. and providing an entry point into the U.K. Later that summer the company entered into a distribution agreement with Blake Publishing, and in August 2010 began selling Reading Eggs in the U.S. and Canada.
In June 2011, they acquired Alloy Multimedia, the publisher of ESL ReadingSmart, an English language learning program.
On 17 May 2012, Archipelago Learning was purchased by PLATO Learning (Now Edmentum, Inc) at the price of US$11.10 per share.
References
External links
Educational technology companies of the United States
Education companies established in 2000
Software companies based in Texas
Private equity portfolio companies
Providence Equity Partners companies
Software companies of the United States
Robin Anthony Ayres (born 5 May 1961) is a British sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s. He was eliminated in the repechages of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1961 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
British male canoeists
Listaku may refer to several places in Estonia:
Listaku, Rõuge Parish, village in Võru County, Estonia
Listaku, Võru Parish, village in Võru County, Estonia
A Moving Target is a collection of essays and lectures written by William Golding. It was first published in 1982 by Faber and Faber but subsequent reprints included Golding's Nobel Prize lecture which he gave after being awarded the honour in 1983.
The book is divided into the two sections of "Places" and "Ideas".
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20101004182739/http://www.william-golding.co.uk/library/a-moving-target.aspx
1982 books
Essay collections
Works by William Golding
Faber and Faber books
Thompson's Bridge is a historic stone bridge in rural Franklin County, Maine. Built c. 1808, it is one of a very small number of surviving stone lintel bridges in the state, a type that were once quite common. It carries a local dirt road across Josiah Creek in the Allen's Mills section of Industry, and is located near (and possibly on) the border with neighboring Somerset County. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The bridge abutments consist of local fieldstone arranged in dry laid courses. The main span consists of large granite slabs laid across the narrow opening between the abutments. A layer of earth is built above these slabs, supporting the dirt roadway, which is about wide. The southern abutment has extensive wingwalls, giving that structure a total width of about .
The road which the bridge carries was probably laid out in 1808, during the early period of Industry's settlement. John Thompson had a house and established a grist mill nearby in 1805. The area had been abandoned by the late 19th century, and the roadway south of the bridge is unmaintained and in deteriorated condition. In a 1924 survey, the state identified more than 100 of this type of bridge; as of 1987, only three were known to survive in relatively unaltered condition. The bridge is also one of the town of Industry's oldest structures; its oldest surviving building has an estimated construction date of 1820.
See also
Churchill Bridge, another stone lintel bridge in Buckfield, Maine
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Maine
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
References
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Bridges completed in 1808
Transportation buildings and structures in Franklin County, Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Maine
Stone bridges in the United States
Hedychium spicatum is a plant species native to China (Guizhou, Sichuan, Tibet, Yunnan), the Himalayas, Myanmar, Thailand and Ethiopia.
Hedychium spicatum is a small, hardy perennial that grows to around , with green leaves and large orange and white flowers. It is also commonly known as spiked ginger lily, or perfume ginger.
Uses
The Indian medicinal system (Ayurveda) described the species as having pungent, light, bitter, strong, heating properties. The species is also an ingredient of some traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), traditional Tibetan medicine and Unani medicine. The powder and decoction of the rhizome are used for a variety of conditions. The rhizome is also chewed by the inhabitants of Uttarakhand to clean their mouths and freshen their breath.
The fruit of this species may be cooked and eaten with lentils in savoury dishes. Crushed rhizomes, both fresh and dried, are very aromatic with a fragrant, somewhat pungent smell similar to orris root but more powerful. In Manipur, the rhizome is cooked to prepare chutney.
"Abir", a fragrant coloured powder marketed for religious ceremonies, is prepared from its dried rhizomes. In Himachal Pradesh, leaves are used in making mats for the home, combined with wheat straw, enhancing the durability of the product. The aromatic dried root of this plant is often used as an incense in Ethiopia. The essential oil has a fragrance somewhat like hyacinths with a long-lasting scent.
References
External links
Flowers of India
Flora of China
Flora of Assam (region)
Flora of East Himalaya
Flora of Nepal
Flora of West Himalaya
Flora of Myanmar
Flora of Thailand
Flora of Ethiopia
Plants described in 1811
spicatum
"Stranger Love" is a song by Australian electronic trio Pnau and Australian singer Budjerah, released through Etcetc on 28 May 2021. Both artists revealed the collaboration on their social media prior to its release. The song was released on 28 May 2021. Pnau's Nick Littlemore described the song as "an interstellar banger to be enjoyed by the trippy dreamer in all of us." Remixes were released on 4 August 2021.
At the AIR Awards of 2022, the song was nominated for Best Independent Dance, Electronica or Club Single.
Background and release
Speaking to Triple J on 27 May 2021, Nick Littlemore revealed that Budjerah had initially written the song as an acoustic ballad, with Joel Quartermain. "I heard [his voice] on a very early demo and it knocked my socks off. We took Budjerah to the dance-floor for this one."
Budjerah said "The song was written based on the book The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry and describes the relationship between the young boy (the little Prince) and a rose that lands on his home planet. The boy cares for her, he gives her his love and attention, but the rose doesn't really appreciate the boy, so he leaves the planet." Budjerah added "It was really fun to make the track with PNAU. I recorded the vocals with Nick Littlemore when we met in Byron in February of 2021. The performance element of a dance record is quite different to what I'm used to, but it was really fun. It sounds really great."
In the week of the song's release, Pnau's social media posts read "Meeting a young, spirited artist like Budjerah is beautiful and challenging. To encounter someone so young who already has a great handle on creativity and kindness confronts ones own insecurities. He comes across as a natural, not something one sees a lot of in this business. Whilst we come from vastly different experiences, the supernatural power of music brought us together."
Critical reception
Laura English from Music Feeds called the song "super impressive" and one "that sees them combine both their signature sounds so well." Ben Madden from Cool Accidents said "If you're looking for a song to soundtrack your weekend adventures, then look no further. 'Stranger Love' will get your body grooving and will leave your heart full of happiness. It's a great reminder of the power of music."
Rob Mullineau from OZ EDM called the song "A powerful and uplifting house track". AAA Backstage called the song "top shelf" saying "'Stranger Love' is a powerful and mega uplifting track, it sees the classic style of production from PNAU injected with a fresh new marriage of harmony with the vocals of Budjerah."</ref></ref>
Track listingsDigital download/streaming "Stranger Love" – 3:20Digital download/streaming (The Remixes)'
"Stranger Love" (Dave Winnel (producer) remix) – 3:14
"Stranger Love" (Taka Perry remix) – 4:25
"Stranger Love" (Eddie remix) – 4:15
"Stranger Love" (Stacie Fields remix) – 4:20
Charts
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Pnau songs
Animated music videos
Budjerah songs
Songs written by Budjerah
Songs written by Joel Quartermain
Songs written by Nick Littlemore
Songs written by Peter Mayes
Songs written by Sam Littlemore
Dávid Bartimej Tencer, OFMCap (born on 18 May 1963 in Nová Baňa, former Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia) is the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Reykjavík.
Life
On 15 June 1986, Dávid Tencer received the sacrament of priestly ordination for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Banská Bystrica. In 1990, Tencer entered into the Order of the Capuchins, and on 28 August 1994 he made his perpetual profession.
On 18 September 2015, Pope Francis appointed him bishop of Reykjavík. On October 31, 2015, his predecessor, Pierre Bürcher, ordained him bishop in Reykjavík. His co-consecrators were the apostolic nuncio in Iceland, archbishop Henryk Józef Nowacki, and the bishop of Žilina, Tomáš Galis.
On 17 June 2017 a new Catholic Church was consecrated in Reyðarfjördur in a ceremony led by Tencer. The church building was a gift from the Slovak Catholic Church. The church was built from wood in Slovakia, disassembled and shipped to Reyðarfjördur where it was re-assembled. Robert Fico, the Prime Minister of Slovakia, attended the consecration.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/btencer.html
1963 births
Capuchin bishops
Slovak Roman Catholic bishops
Living people
Roman Catholic bishops of Reykjavík
People from Žarnovica District
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Iceland
Icelandic people of Slovak descent
A leisure centre in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia (also called aquatic centres), Singapore and Canada is a purpose-built building or site, usually owned and operated by the city, borough council or municipal district council, where people go to keep fit or relax through using the facilities.
Typical facilities
Facilities may include a swimming pool (many with water slide), large sports hall, squash courts, cafeteria, licensed bar, fitness suite, aerobics studios, outdoor grass and/or artificial pitches for football (soccer), hockey etc., a solarium, sauna and/or steam room.
Leisure centres in Canada are staffed by leisure centre attendants employed by the local council. They carry out a range of tasks to help and supervise people using leisure centre facilities and act as swimming pool lifeguards, gym instructors and coaches, offering advice, motivation, and expertise to users. Many of its functions may overlap with that of a community centre.
Leisure centres are also popular in Australia, where they are mostly privately operated but government-funded. They are often also called recreation centres, or most commonly aquatic centres due to the swimming facilities being the most popular facility that is available.
In some areas of the UK and Canada (such as Calgary) these services are now operated by private companies on contract to the local authority.
Most towns in the UK are now introducing leisure facilities for the local community.
Examples of leisure centres
Current
Deeside Leisure Centre
Leisure centres in Cardiff
Kensington Leisure Centre
South Norwood Leisure Centre
Splashpoint Leisure Centre in Worthing
Swansea Leisure Centre in Wales
Penarth Leisure Centre in Wales
Barry Leisure Centre in Wales
The Dome Leisure Centre in Doncaster
Crystal Leisure Centre in Stourbridge
Oak Park Leisure Centre in Walsall Wood
Former
Gloucester Leisure Centre
Ladywell Leisure Centre in Lewisham, London
See also
Sports club
References
Physical exercise
Sports venues
Lord T & Eloise are a crunk rap group from Memphis, Tennessee. Lord T dresses as an 18th-century aristocrat, while Eloise wears a tuxedo and sported a "24-karat" gold skin. The self-proclaimed "intergalactic time travelers" and "horsemen of the Rapocalypse" said they were on a mission to save rap music.
Musical style
Lord Treadwell and Maurice Eloise XIII (aka Lord T and Eloise) dubbed their own unique rap style "aristocrunk", a combination of the terms aristocratic and crunk. Aristocrunk, also the name of their first album, is meant to describe both a philosophical lifestyle and the musical genre itself. Many songs from their albums Aristocrunk & Chairmen of the Bored are accompanied by harpsichord and baroque style music, while others stay close to the traditional Memphis crunk sound. Lord T's raps were similar to the slow train lyrical style of Snoop Dogg, Eloise's style drew more comparisons to Chuck D of Public Enemy. Drawing from a diverse palette of influences, the group admitted that the Beastie Boys, David Bowie, Busta Rhymes, The ODB, 8Ball and MJG, Al Kapone were all been influences. While tracks like "A Million Dollar Boots" and "Penthouse Suite" have a more refined, classical edge with the incorporation of strings, other tracks like "Pillz" and "Dance Move" have more of a crunk, dirty south edge to them, featuring 808 drums and a heavy bottom end.
Lyrical content
The lyrical content of this band has been praised by critics, who cite the cleverness of the turns of phrase and the catchiness of the hooks. The band's "aristocrunk" lyrics are made up of many rap mainstays, using common themes, such as the supremacy of the artists in the areas of success, sexual prowess, technological savvy and financial know-how (e.g., in the video for "A Million Dollar Boots", they are shown with the ticker for the NASDAQ stock exchange displayed across their teeth, in place of a "grill"). Lord T and Eloise are a mixture of performance art, party rap, and social commentary; the group's lyrics cover a range of topics from plastic surgery to the stock market, from time travel to prescription drug use, mixing fun with satire.
Critical reception
Lord T and Eloise have received positive reviews from numerous newspapers and music publications. Accolades have included an "A" from the Memphis Flyer, "Editor's Pick" from Blender Magazine and a review from VH1 that lauded them as "the world's first purveyors of aristocrunk". They have also made appearances on Ellen! and E! Fashion Police. Now signed with R.E.M. and Widespread Panic's booking agency, P.G.A., Lord T & Eloise released their third full-length album, RAPOCALYPSE, in August 2010, with a national tour following.
Discography
2006: Aristocrunk
2008: Chairmen of the Bored
2010: Rapocalypse
References
Rappers from Memphis, Tennessee
Southern hip hop groups
Musical groups from Memphis, Tennessee
Musical groups established in 2006
2006 establishments in Tennessee
Mike Elston may refer to:
Buzz Burbank, media personality whose real name is Mike Elston (born 1953)
Michael Elston (born 1969), United States lawyer and appointee to the Department of Justice during the administration of George W. Bush
Mike Elston (American football coach)
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1571.
Events
October 7 – Naval Battle of Lepanto: Miguel de Cervantes's left arm is rendered useless; Venetian playwright Luigi Pasqualigo commands a galleon.
unknown dates
Michel de Montaigne retires from public life and isolates himself in the tower of the Château de Montaigne.
First printing in the Irish language, Aibidil Gaoidheilge agus Caiticiosma, a primer printed by John Kearney in Dublin.
Laurentian Library in Florence opens to scholars.
Edict of Gaillon in France places enforcement of censorship laws with the state Chancellor's office instead of the University of Paris.
A tidal wave affects parts of Lincolnshire, England. It would be the subject of Jean Ingelow's narrative poem "The High-Tide on the Coast of Lincolnshire" (c.1883).
New books
Prose
François de Belleforest – La Pyrénée (or La Pastorale amoureuse) (the first French "pastoral novel")
Bishop John Jewel – Second Book of Homilies
Alonso de Molina
Arte de la lengua mexicana y castellana
Vocabulario en lengua castellana y mexicana
Drama
Richard Edwards – Damon and Pythias
Poetry
See 1571 in poetry
Deaths
May 4 – Pierre Viret, Swiss theologian (born 1511)
May 29 – Joachim Mörlin, German Lutheran theologian (born 1514)
July 17 – Georg Fabricius, German poet and historian (born 1516)
November 24 – Jan Blahoslav, Czech poet and translator (born 1523)
December 28 – John Hales, English writer and administrator (born c. 1516)
Unknown dates
Lodovico Castelvetro, Italian literary critic (born c. 1505)
Bartolomeo Maranta, Italian literary theorist (born 1500)
Andrés de Olmos, Spanish grammarian (born c. 1485)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Kronverksky bridge is a bridge over the Kronverksky Strait in the Petrogradsky District of Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Location
Konverksky bridge connects Hare Island and Petrogradsky Island. There is the Ioannovsky bridge upstream.
The nearest metro station is Gorkovskaya.
History
The name of the bridge is given by the name of the Kronverksky Strait. The steep curve of the bridge surface, which provides a sufficient height of the average navigable span, caused the emergence of another unofficial name - "humpback".
The bridge was built in 1938 under the project of engineer P. P. Stepnov. The bridge originally had a metal roof only over the navigable span. In 1978, the Lenmosttrest repair and construction Department made a major repair of the bridge: all spans were covered with metal beams, the wooden flooring was divided into sidewalks and roadways.
According to the Decree of the Government of the Russian Federation No. 527 dated to 10.07.2001, the Kronverksky bridge is an object of historical and cultural heritage of federal significance. In September 2015, the bridge was declared an emergency. According to the report of the St. Petersburg State Unitary Enterprise "Mostotrest", the decay of individual elements of the bridge was 79%. Work on the elimination of accidents was completed until June 2016.
Structure
The bridge supports are wooden frame on a pile base. In each support, two rows of six piles are hammered. The superstructure consists of metal beams. The railing is wooden.
The length of the bridge along the back wall of the abutments is 57.5 m, the width of the bridge between the railings is 8.8 m.
See also
List of bridges in Saint Petersburg
References
Bridges in Saint Petersburg
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Saint Petersburg
Peter and Paul Fortress
Nadia Coolen (born 17 August 1994) is a Dutch football forward who plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Honours
PSV
Winner
KNVB Women's Cup (1): 2020-2021
Runner-up
KNVB Women's Cup (4): 2013–2014, 2016-2017, 2017-2018, 2021-2022
VVV
Runner-up
KNVB Women's Cup: 2011–12
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Dutch women's footballers
Eredivisie (women) players
PSV (women) players
VVV-Venlo (women) players
Women's association football forwards
People from Sittard
Footballers from Limburg (Netherlands)
Hans Zorn (27 October 1891 – 2 August 1943) was a German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves of Nazi Germany. Zorn was killed on 2 August 1943 by Soviet fire during Operation Kutuzov. He was posthumously awarded the Oak leaves to his Knight's Cross on 3 September 1943.
Awards and decorations
Iron Cross (1914) 2nd Class (23 October 1914) & 1st Class (29 January 1916)
Clasp to the Iron Cross (1939) 2nd Class (14 May 1940) & 1st Class (26 May 1940)
German Cross in Gold on 14 June 1942 as General der Infanterie in the XXXXVI. Armeekorps (motorized)
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
Knight's Cross on 27 July 1941 as Generalmajor and commander of 20. Infanterie-Division
291st Oak Leaves on 3 September 1943 as General der Infanterie and commander of XXXXVI. Panzerkorps
References
Citations
Bibliography
1891 births
1943 deaths
Generals of Infantry (Wehrmacht)
German military personnel of World War I
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
Military personnel from Munich
German military personnel killed in World War II
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Reichswehr personnel
German Army officers of World War II
Mariann Bienz, Lady Pelham FRS FMedSci is a distinguished molecular biologist based at the UK Medical Research Council Laboratory of Molecular Biology. She has been a member of their Senior Scientific Staff since 1991, was Joint-head of Cell Biology in 2007/8 and has been a Group Leader of Protein and Nucleic Acid Chemistry Division since 2008.
Education
She was educated at Gymnasium Winterthur and the University of Zürich where she studied Zoology and Molecular Biology and earned her PhD in 1981.
Career and research
Bienz subsequently undertook postdoctoral research at the LMB and in 1986 returned to Zurich as Assistant Professor, and then (1990) Associate Professor also serving as a member of EMBO in 1989.
Personal life
She lists her recreations in Who's Who as music and mountain walking.
Awards and honours
Elected as a member of EMBO, 1989
Friedrich Miescher Prize, Swiss Biochemical Soc., 1990
Elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2003
Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences, 2006
References
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
University of Zurich alumni
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Living people
British molecular biologists
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
University of Zurich faculty
Women molecular biologists
Wives of knights
Wendell Cox is an American urban policy analyst and proponent of the use of the private car over rail projects. He is the principal and sole owner of Wendell Cox Consultancy/Demographia, based in the St. Louis metropolitan region and editor of three web sites, Demographia, The Public Purpose and Urban Tours by Rental Car. Cox is a fellow of numerous conservative think tanks and a frequent op-ed commenter in conservative US and UK newspapers.
Cox generally opposes planning policies aimed at increasing rail service and density, while favoring planning policies that reinforce and serve the existing transportation and building infrastructure. He believes that existing transportation and building infrastructure reflect what people prefer, while his opponents argue that his positions are based more on a belief that road transport and low density are inherently superior and that public transport is a component of liberal city models he disagrees with politically.
Biography
Cox was appointed to three terms on the Los Angeles County Transportation Commission by Mayor Tom Bradley, and during his 1977 to 1985 service, he was the only member of the Commission who was not an elected official. His amendment to the 1980 Proposition A transit tax measure provided all of the local funding for Los Angeles urban rail projects, including the Blue Line light rail and the Red Line subway. Additional local funding was not obtained until a later 1990 referendum. Nonetheless, he often opposes urban rail systems because he claims that they have not reduced traffic congestion, which he claims is the principal justification that has been used for their construction.
He was appointed by former House Speaker Newt Gingrich to fill the unexpired term of former New Jersey governor Christine Todd Whitman on the Amtrak Reform Council and served from 1999 until the Council issued its final recommendations in 2002. He is vice president of CODATU, an international organization dedicated to improving urban transport in developing world urban areas.CODATU: Agir pour une mobilité soutenable dans les villes en développement | CODATU est une association de droit français qui anime un réseau international d'expertise sur les transports et la mobilité dans les villes des pays en développement He was also a member of the steering committee of the International Conference on Competition and Ownership in Land Passenger Transport, which held its 10th conference in Australia in 2007.
Cox is a visiting fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a senior fellow at the Heartland Institute, senior fellow for urban policy at the Independence Institute (Denver) and holds similar titles in a number of additional conservative think tanks.
He has an MBA from Pepperdine University and a BA in Government from California State University, Los Angeles.
Urban planning
Cox has also emerged as an opponent of smart growth, especially urban growth boundaries, impact fees, and large lot zoning, claiming they have a tendency to raise housing prices artificially and suppress economic growth.
He has authored studies for conservative think tanks such as the Cato Institute, Heartland Institute, Heritage Foundation, and the Reason Foundation, and for industry groups such as the American Highway Users Alliance, a lobbying and advocacy group for automobile-based industries.
He has also criticized land use policies in the Portland, Oregon area, noting that the area expanded its urban growth boundary to its intended 2040 area 38 years early due to political pressure and that housing prices have escalated substantially relative to incomes.
Cox's consultancy firm Demographia publishes the 'Demographia International Housing Affordability Ratings' and Rankings early each year. The survey has been criticised because it focuses on only price and income, without reference to financing, and for making a number of assumptions some critics claim to be unfounded. Demographia indicates that its measure, the Median Multiple (median house price divided by median household income) has been recommended by the United Nations and the World Bank. This indicates a continuing issue in housing affordability debates, whether to focus on more permanent structural factors (such as price and income) or whether to include more volatile factors, such as financing costs.
Demographia is also publisher of the comprehensive listing of urban area (agglomeration) population and densities. The 6th edition published in 2010 includes all agglomerations with 500,000 or more population.
Urban transport
Cox believes that the goal of public transportation systems should be to provide mobility to those who do not have access to a car, and not to reduce traffic congestion. As such he believes that agencies should seek to obtain maximum value for every dollar of taxes and fees expended, using whatever transportation choices maximize ridership. He believes that competitive approaches (principally competitive contracting and competitive tendering) are most effective in this regard.
Cox's transport site "The Public Purpose" claims it is not opposed to urban rail, but many of Cox's opponents strongly disagree. It instead argues that it is opposed to waste. The site claims that it would cost less to lease every new light-rail rider a luxury car than to build light-rail projects themselves; this has entered the planning lexicon as the "Jaguar Argument." He has suggested a correlation between personal mobility and income. He says public transportation does a "good job of getting people downtown and serving the low-income poor moving around the core, but it can't do any more than that." In response, representatives of the Sierra Club have called Wendell Cox an "itinerant anti-public transportation gun-for-hire."
His more recent transport activities oppose the claim that road congestion reduction is obtained from improving urban mass transit. Among other things, he claims his aim is to improve urban mobility through performance programs that obtain the greatest reduction in travel-delay hours for the public funding available. Cox claims to be "'pro-choice' with respect to urban development," and asserts that "people should be allowed to live and work where they like," consistent with the Lone Mountain Compact, of which he was a signatory.
Professional activities
Cox has completed projects and made presentations in the United States, Canada, Western Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. He has served as a visiting professor at the Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers in Paris, France. He has lectured in numerous locations, such as the University of Sydney, the University of Toronto, the University of Paris and the Institute of Economic Affairs (London). He participated in a debate on land use and transport with Oregon Congressman Earl Blumenauer at a national RailVolution conference in 2001, and debated Andres Duany on land use policy at the first American Dream Conference in 2002.
His commentaries have appeared in numerous publications, such as the Daily Telegraph (London), the National Post (Canada), the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, the Los Angeles Times, the Washington Times, La Stampa (Turin) and the Australian Financial Review.
The National Journal has twice honored his Public Purpose website as "one of the Internet's best transport sites".
Cox's consultancy has worked for bus companies as well as for President George W. Bush's transition team.
References
External links
Profile at Demographia
American urban planners
The Heritage Foundation
Transportation planning
Light rail in the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The Scordisci () were a Celtic Iron Age cultural group centered in the territory of present-day Serbia, at the confluence of the Savus (Sava), Dravus (Drava), Margus (Morava) and Danube rivers. They were historically notable from the beginning of the third century BC until the turn of the common era, and consolidated into a tribal state. At their zenith, their core territory stretched over regions comprising parts of present-day Serbia, Croatia, Bulgaria and Romania, while their influence spread even further. After the Roman conquest in the 1st century AD, their territories were included into the Roman provinces of Pannonia, Moesia and Dacia.
Origin
The Scordisci were a Celtic group formed after the Gallic invasion of the Balkans, or rather a "Celtic political creation" having mixed with the local Thracians and Illyrians. Their tribal name may be connected to the Scordus, the Šar Mountain. The personal names are noted to have been subsequently Illyricized, having South Pannonian–North Dalmatian influence. According to onomastic evidence, Scordiscan settlements to the east of the Morava River were Thracianized. In parts of Moesia (northeast Central Serbia) the Scordisci and Thracians lived beside each other, which is evident in the archeological findings of pits and treasures, spanning from the 3rd century BC to the 1st century BC.
The Scordisci were found during different timelines in Illyria, Thrace and Dacia, sometimes splitting into more than one group like the Scordisci Major and the Scordisci Minor.
Extensive La Tène type finds, of local production, are noted in Pannonia as well as northern Moesia Superior, attesting to the concentration of Celtic settlements and cultural contacts. However, such finds south of the Sava river are scarce.
Patterson et al. 2022 analyzed one Late La Tène 150-50 BCE sample of a 25-35 male adult from grave which contained weaponry and dog skeleton in today's town of Osijek, Croatia. He carried the Y-DNA haplogroup R1b-V88 (> R-BY17643) and mtDNA haplogroup J1c12. In a three-way admixture model, he approximately had 53.5% Early European Farmers, 38.3% Western Steppe Herders and 8.2% Western Hunter-Gatherer-related ancestry.
Domain
The Scordisci were centered in the territory of present-day Serbia, at the confluence of the Sava, Drava and Danube rivers. The Scordisci consolidated into a tribal state. At their zenith, their core territory stretched over regions comprising parts of present-day Serbia, Croatia, Bulgaria and Romania, while their influence spread even further.
Culture
The Romans reported that they had the custom of drinking blood and that they sacrificed prisoners to deities equated with the Roman Bellona and Mars.
History
4th and 3rd century BC
Celtic expansion reached the Carpathians in the beginning of the 4th century BC. According to Livy, perhaps based on Celtic legend, the Celts that migrated to Italy and Illyria numbered 300,000. The Celts established themselves in Pannonia, subjugating the Pannonians, and in the end of the 4th century they renewed raids into the Balkans. By the early 3rd century BC, Pannonia had been Celtiziced. The Celts, retreating from Delphi (280–278 BC), settled on the mouth of the Sava and called themselves Scordisci. The Scordisci established control to the north of the Dardani. There is no mention of the Scordisci until the reign of Philip V of Macedon (r. 221–179 BC), when they emerge as Macedon allies against the Dardani and Rome. The Scordisci, having conquered the important Sava valley, the only route to Italy, in the second half of the 3rd century BC, "gradually became the most important power in the northern Balkans".
They controlled the various Pannonian groups in the region, extracting tribute and enjoying the status of the most powerful group in the central Balkans (see the Triballi, Autariatae, Dardanians and Moesians), and they erected fortresses in Singidunum (today's city of Belgrade) and Taurunum (modern Zemun). They subjugated a number of groups in Moesia, including the Dardani, several west Thracian tribes and the Paeonians.
2nd century BC
The Scordisci most likely subdued the Dardani in the mid-2nd century BC, after which there was for a long time no mention of the Dardani. From 141 BC, the Scordisci were constantly involved in battles against Roman-held Macedonia. They were defeated in 135 BC. by Cosconius in Thrace. In 118 BC, according to a memorial stone discovered near Thessalonica, Sextus Pompeius, probably the grandfather of the triumvir, was slain fighting against them near Stobi. In 114 BC, they surprised and destroyed the army of Gaius Porcius Cato in the western mountains of Serbia, but two years later they were defeated by Marcus Livius Drusus (112 BC) and a few years later again by Minucius Rufus (107 BC). However, they did not give up their claim over Pannonia, since there is mention of their involvement in the second siege of Sisak in 119 BC.
1st century BC
They still, from time to time, gave trouble to the Roman governors of Macedonia, whose territory they invaded in combination with the Maedi and Dardani. They even advanced as far as Delphi and plundered the temple; but Lucius Cornelius Scipio Asiaticus finally overcame them in 88 BC and drove them across the Danube. After this, the power of the Scordisci declined rapidly. This decline was more a result of the political situation in barbaricum rather than the effects of Roman campaigns, as their clients, especially the Pannonians, became more powerful and politically independent. Between 56 and 50 BC, the Scordisci were defeated by Burebista's Dacians, and became subject to him.
They were crushed in 15 BC by Tiberius, and became Roman subjects, playing the part as mercenaries.
Other sources say the Romans made alliance with the Scordisci in Sirmium and Danube valleys following the Alpine campaign under Tiberius in 15 BC, the alliance would be crucial for the victory over the Pannonians (15 BC) and later Breuci (12 BC).
1st century AD
Strabo's Geographica (20 BC–23 AD) mentions that one subgroup of the Scordisci, the Major Scordisci, lived between the mouth of the Sava and mouth of the Morava, while the other subgroup, the Minor Scordisci, lived to the east of the Morava, bordering the Moesi and Triballi.
They started receiving Roman citizenship during Trajan's rule (98–117 AD). With their Romanization, they ceased to exist as an independent ethno-political unit.
Archaeological sites
Singidunum (Belgrade Fortress and Karaburma)
Taurunum (Zemun)
Capedunum (Užice)
Legacy
The Scordisci are regarded as the founders of Belgrade.
See also
Prehistoric Serbia
List of ancient tribes in Illyria
List of ancient cities in Illyria
List of ancient tribes in Thrace and Dacia
Vatin culture
References
Sources
Further reading
Jovanović, Borislav. "The Eastern Celts and their Invasions of Hellenistic Greece and Asia Minor". In: BALCANICA XLV (2014). pp. 25-36. DOI: 10.2298/BALC1445025J
Gauls
Celtic tribes of Illyria
Ancient tribes in Serbia
Ancient tribes in Croatia
Ancient history of Vojvodina
History of Syrmia
History of Banat
History of Bačka
Šar Mountains
3rd-century BC establishments
1st-century BC disestablishments
Ancient tribes in Bulgaria
Tribes conquered by the Roman Empire
Tribes conquered by Rome
George Wetzel Bradshaw (January 21, 1909, Union, West Virginia – June 15, 1973, Cabell, West Virginia) – American writer and journalist.
Graduated from Princeton University in 1930. During the WWII he was a major in the Army Air Force.
Wrote about 150 short stories printed in Vogue, Ladies Home Journal, The Saturday Evening Post, and Cosmopolitan.
Books
1962: Practise to Deceive (13 stories)
five cookbooks
Movies
1937: New Faces of 1937. Based on the story "Shoestring"
1939: The Lady and the Mob. Story "Old Mrs. Leonard and the Machine Guns"
1939: Second Fiddle. Story "When Winter Comes"
1952: The Bad and the Beautiful. Story "Of Good and Evil" (longer version is called Memorial to a Bad Man). Charles Schnee received Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay
1953: Letter to Loretta (TV Series), episode "Love Story".
1958: Matinee Theatre (TV Series), episode "The Phony Venus".
1966: How to Steal a Million, based on a story "Venus Rising" in Practise to Deceive
Links
Imdb
References
1909 births
1973 deaths
20th-century American novelists
Ranotsara Sud is a town in Atsimo-Atsinanana Region in south-eastern Madagascar.
References
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
Andrés María Rubio García (June 1, 1924 – 19 April 2006) was an Uruguayan Catholic bishop.
Life
Andrés María Rubio García received on 11 September 1949 the ordination of Salesians of Don Bosco.
He was from 18 May 1968 Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montevideo and Bishop of Forum Traiani (Titular See). García on 22 May 1975 was appointed Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mercedes. This position he held until his resignation on 14 February 1995.
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bruga.html
1924 births
2006 deaths
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul VI
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Uruguay
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Uruguay
Salesians of Don Bosco
Uruguayan Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Montevideo
Roman Catholic bishops of Mercedes
Nikol Ġużeppi Cauchi (2 March 1929 Gharb, Malta15 November 2010 Malta) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Gozo, Malta.
Ordained in 1952, he was named auxiliary bishop of the Gozo Diocese in 1967 and was appointed diocesan bishop in 1972 retiring in 2005. He died in 2010, aged 81.
References
1929 births
2010 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Malta
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Malta
People from Għarb
Roman Catholic bishops of Gozo
Bellvale may refer to:
Bellvale, California, unincorporated community in San Mateo County, California
Bellvale, New York, wooded hamlet in Warwick, New York
Bellvale Mountain, mountain range near Bellvale, New York
See also
Bell Vale, Liverpool
Maizurah Abdul Rahim (born 15 April 1999) is a Bruneian sprinter. She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the women's 200 metres. She was the flag bearer for Brunei in the closing ceremony.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Bruneian female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Brunei
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic female sprinters
Khasanovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Tatlybayevsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 57 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Khasanovo is located 25 km northeast of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yanzigitovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
Diekirch was a constituency used to elect a single member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1841. In 1839, under the stipulations of the Treaty of London, a portion of Diekirch, along with the constituencies of Grevenmacher and Luxembourg, became parts of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
FC Viktoria Otrokovice is a Czech football club located in Otrokovice in the Zlín Region. It currently plays in the Moravian–Silesian Football League, which is the third tier of Czech football.
References
External links
Official website
Profile at idnes.cz
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Zlín District
Eventual consistency is a consistency model used in distributed computing to achieve high availability that informally guarantees that, if no new updates are made to a given data item, eventually all accesses to that item will return the last updated value. Eventual consistency, also called optimistic replication, is widely deployed in distributed systems and has origins in early mobile computing projects. A system that has achieved eventual consistency is often said to have converged, or achieved replica convergence. Eventual consistency is a weak guarantee – most stronger models, like linearizability, are trivially eventually consistent.
Eventually-consistent services are often classified as providing BASE semantics (basically-available, soft-state, eventual consistency), in contrast to traditional ACID (atomicity, consistency, isolation, durability). In chemistry, a base is the opposite of an acid, which helps in remembering the acronym. According to the same resource, these are the rough definitions of each term in BASE:
Basically available: reading and writing operations are available as much as possible (using all nodes of a database cluster), but might not be consistent (to write might not persist after conflicts are reconciled, and the read might not get the latest write)
Soft-state: without consistency guarantees, after some amount of time, we only have some probability of knowing the state, since it might not yet have converged
Eventually consistent: If we execute some writes and then the system functions long enough, we can know the state of the data; any further reads of that data item will return the same value
Eventual consistency is sometimes criticized as increasing the complexity of distributed software applications. This is partly because eventual consistency is purely a liveness guarantee (reads eventually return the same value) and does not guarantee safety: an eventually consistent system can return any value before it converges.
Conflict resolution
In order to ensure replica convergence, a system must reconcile differences between multiple copies of distributed data. This consists of two parts:
exchanging versions or updates of data between servers (often known as anti-entropy); and
choosing an appropriate final state when concurrent updates have occurred, called reconciliation.
The most appropriate approach to reconciliation depends on the application. A widespread approach is "last writer wins". Another is to invoke a user-specified conflict handler. Timestamps and vector clocks are often used to detect concurrency between updates. Some people use "first writer wins" in situations where "last writer wins" is unacceptable.
Reconciliation of concurrent writes must occur sometime before the next read, and can be scheduled at different instants:
Read repair: The correction is done when a read finds an inconsistency. This slows down the read operation.
Write repair: The correction takes place during a write operation slowing down the write operation.
Asynchronous repair: The correction is not part of a read or write operation.
Strong eventual consistency
Whereas eventual consistency is only a liveness guarantee (updates will be observed eventually), strong eventual consistency (SEC) adds the safety guarantee that any two nodes that have received the same (unordered) set of updates will be in the same state. If, furthermore, the system is monotonic, the application will never suffer rollbacks. A common approach to ensure SEC is conflict-free replicated data types.
See also
ACID
CAP theorem
References
Consistency models
de:Konsistenz (Datenspeicherung)#Verteilte Systeme
Brian Ralph (born 1973) is an American alternative cartoonist. His illustrations have appeared in Wired and the New York Post. His debut graphic novel, Cave-In, was nominated for three Harvey Awards, one Eisner Award, and listed as one of the Comics Journal's "five best comics of 1999". His second graphic novel, Climbing Out, was awarded a Xeric Grant in 2001. His third graphic novel, Daybreak, was published by Drawn & Quarterly in September 2011.
Biography
Ralph grew up in Metuchen, New Jersey and graduated from Metuchen High School in 1992. He graduated from the Rhode Island School of Design in 1996, where he first began publishing his mini-comic Fireball. He is a member of the underground art collective known as Fort Thunder.
During the 2003–2004 school year, he taught at The Key School.
Ralph was an adjunct professor in the Illustration department at the Maryland Institute College of Art, where he taught Sequential Art, Character Development, Narrative Illustration, and Illustration Concepts.
Ralph currently teaches Sequential Art at Savannah College of Art and Design.
Ralph lives in Savannah, Georgia, with his children.
Bibliography
1999: Cave-In (Highwater Books) - graphic novel
2002: Climbing Out (Fireball Comics) - graphic novel, Xeric Award
2006: Daybreak vol. 1 (Bodega Distribution) - graphic novel
2007: Daybreak vol. 2 (Bodega Distribution) - graphic novel
2008: Daybreak vol. 3 (Bodega Distribution) - graphic novel
2011: Daybreak (Drawn & Quarterly) - graphic novel
Sources
Comiclopedia. Brian Ralph notice (last updated 2005).
Xeric Foundation. Xeric grants for 2001.
1973 births
Living people
American cartoonists
Savannah College of Art and Design faculty
Alternative cartoonists
Artists from Baltimore
Artists from New Jersey
Metuchen High School alumni
People from Metuchen, New Jersey
Rhode Island School of Design alumni
The 1970 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1970 NCAA University Division football season. In its 12th season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled a 6–4 record (2–2 against conference opponents), finished in third place out of five teams in the MVC, and outscored opponents by a total of 227 to 184. The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Rick Strawbridge with 557 passing yards, Paul Gowen with 868 rushing yards, Bill Wright with 206 receiving yards, and Jay McCoy with 54 points scored.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
KABI-LD, virtual channel 42 (UHF digital channel 32), is a low powered Heroes & Icons-affiliated television station licensed to Snyder, Texas, United States. The station is owned by Gray Television, making it a sister to Gray's duopoly of Lubbock-licensed NBC affiliate KCBD (channel 11) and Wolfforth-licensed CW affiliate KLCW-TV (channel 23); it is also sister to three other low-power stations—MyNetworkTV affiliate KMYL-LD (channel 14, which is simulcast on KLCW's second digital subchannel), Class A Telemundo affiliate KXTQ-CD (channel 46), and MeTV affiliate KLBB-LD (channel 48). Gray also operates Fox affiliate KJTV-TV (channel 34) and low-power Class A independent KJTV-CD (channel 32) through a shared services agreement (SSA) with owner SagamoreHill Broadcasting. KABI-LD, KLCW-TV, KMYL-LD, KJTV-TV, KLBB-LD, KXTQ-CD and KJTV-CD share studios at 98th Street and University Avenue in south Lubbock. KABI-LD's transmitter is located north of Snyder.
As KABI-LD's transmitter is located in Snyder, its Broadcast radius does not reach over the Major city in the Market. Therefore, the station shares it subchannels with KLBB-LD's second and third subchannels respectively in order to reach the Major city in the market. However, KLBB's signal does not reach over the entire market as the station is also Low-powered, so it must rely on cable and satellite to reach the entire market.
Digital channels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
Movies! affiliates
Television stations in Lubbock, Texas
Television channels and stations established in 1999
Low-power television stations in the United States
Heroes & Icons affiliates
Gray Television
1999 establishments in Texas
Rayna Cottrell Stewart II (born June 18, 1973) is a former professional American football safety who is the assistant special teams coach for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL). He played five seasons for the Houston/Tennessee Oilers, the Miami Dolphins, and the Jacksonville Jaguars.
References
1973 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Oklahoma City
Players of American football from Oklahoma
American football safeties
Northern Arizona Lumberjacks football players
Houston Oilers players
Tennessee Oilers players
Miami Dolphins players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Tennessee Titans coaches
Green Bay Packers coaches
Dallas Cowboys coaches
Guinea competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Funding and support
Funding issues proved a major challenge for Guinea's participation at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. The NPC relies on grants to insure they can buy plane tickets to fund travel to international events, and there were problems acquiring grant funding because of shortfalls in funds from the Brazilian organizers. This was in part a result of only 220,000 of the 2.5 million tickets to watch the Games in Rio being sold a month ahead of the Games.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Track
See also
Guinea at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Oly
Stuart Training School, in Stuart, Florida, was the high school for African Americans in Martin County, Florida during segregation. C.E. Murray was principal from 1925 to 1939. His brother Robert G. Murray was principal from 1945 to 1958. Its building at 800 SE Bahama Avenue, still in use by the School's successor, Spectrum Junior/Senior High School, opened in 1931.
Students "read second-hand books...that were discarded from their all-white counterparts at [Martin County High School]. They also wore secondhand basketball and football uniforms.... The students and their parents built the basketball court and sidewalks at the school without the help of the school board. 'We even put in wiring for lights along the sidewalk, but the school board never connected the electricity.'"
Stuart went out of existence in 1964. A new school for negroes, Carver Gardens Junior/Senior High School, renamed Murray Junior/Senior High in honor of the principals mentioned above, opened in Port Salerno.
In a 1989 naming contest, students picked the name Spectrum (Spectrum Junior/Senior High) as a synonym for "all-inclusive". However, by 2000 it was "marked for problem students who have had trouble attending mainstream schools"; it was "surrounded by tall chain-link fences". In 2009 a teacher described it as "a drop-out center". In 2019 it is the Spectrum Academy; its web site describes it as an "alternative secondary school for students who are seeking creative scheduling options that include full-time credit recovery and co-enrollment opportunities with the student's home school." In 2016–17 there were 76 students and 7 teachers.
Famous alumni
Stuart Training School
Howard Porter, basketball player
Spectrum Academy
Omar Mateen, islamic terrorist, mass murderer and perpetrator of the Orlando nightclub shooting
References
Stuart, Florida
Educational institutions disestablished in 1964
Historically segregated African-American schools in Florida
Public high schools in Florida
Martin County School District
Defunct public schools in Martin County, Florida
1964 disestablishments in Florida
Buildings and structures in Martin County, Florida
Kenneth Robert "Ken" Sitzberger (February 13, 1945 – January 2, 1984) was an American diver. After 4 years of Chicago Catholic League Champion at Fenwick High School, competing in the 3 m springboard he won a bronze medal at the 1963 Pan American Games and a gold at the 1964 Olympics. In 1964, Sitzberger was trailing the teammate Frank Gorman after nine of the ten dives, but Gorman performed poorly on his last dive, while Sitzberger was nearly flawless.
As a student at Indiana University, Sitzberger won the AAU national indoor 1-meter and 3-meter springboard championships in 1964 and 1965. He was the NCAA champion in the 1-meter from 1965 through 1967, and in the 3-meter springboard in 1966 and 1967.
Sitzberger married Jeanne Collier, who won an Olympic silver medal in the springboard in 1964. He worked for more than 16 years as a sports commentator for the American Broadcasting Company until his death at the age of 38. He died of a brain hemorrhage under mysterious circumstances. His wife said that he had fallen and hit his head on a table during a New Year's Eve party, and his death was ruled an accident. Police said Sitzberger twice picked fights with another man at the party, and in the second scuffle he struck his head. Because Sitzberger had been subpoenaed as a federal witness in a cocaine-trafficking case, police investigated his death further, but discovered no evidence of foul play. Ten years after his death, Sitzberger was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
External links
1945 births
1984 deaths
Divers at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in diving
Sportspeople from Cedar Rapids, Iowa
American male divers
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in diving
Divers at the 1963 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1963 Pan American Games
Yannik Bangsow (born 21 February 1998) is a German professional footballer who plays for Alemannia Aachen on loan from Eintracht Braunschweig.
Club career
Bangsow joined Alemannia Aachen on loan for the 2021–22 season.
References
Living people
1998 births
Association football goalkeepers
German footballers
Tennis Borussia Berlin players
RB Leipzig players
Eintracht Braunschweig II players
Eintracht Braunschweig players
FC Viktoria Köln players
Alemannia Aachen players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Footballers from Berlin
Vancouver is the fourth studio album by Matthew Good, released on October 6, 2009.
The album is a concept album, critically reflecting on Good's hometown city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. In particular, the album is influenced by the social issues in the city's Downtown Eastside and the extreme disparities of wealth between Vancouver neighbourhoods.
As Good had fulfilled his recording contract with Universal Music Canada with his previous 2007 release, Hospital Music, he re-signed with the record label in early 2009 upon beginning studio recording. Contributing artists on Vancouver include Peter Yorn, who sings backup vocals on the ninth track "The Vancouver National Anthem".
Vancouver won the award for "Rock Album of the Year" at the 2011 Juno Awards, making it the second time Good won the award, the first being in 2000 for Beautiful Midnight.
Promotion and commercial performance
The release of Vancouver was announced by Good on his website in July 2008. Months prior to the announcement, the album's eventual second track "The Boy That Could Explode" was previewed for fans on Good's website on Christmas Day in 2007. Good began streaming the album's first single "Last Parade" on August 14, 2009. Good began streaming Vancouver on his website on September 5, 2009, a little over a month before its release.
Vancouver debuted at #2 on the Canadian Albums Chart, selling 11,000 copies in its first week.
The album was certified Gold in Canada on November 18, 2011.
Track listing
All tracks written by Matthew Good.
References
External links
Vancouver Album Timeline
2009 albums
Matthew Good albums
Universal Music Canada albums
Concept albums
Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year albums
The Rules of the Game is a 1939 French film, directed by Jean Renoir.
(The) Rules of the Game may also refer to:
"The Rules of the Game" (Crusade), an episode of the television series Crusade
"Rules of the Game" (Sliders), an episode of the television series Sliders
Rules of the Game (song), a 1983 single by Bucks Fizz
Rules of the Game (book), a 2007 book by Neil Strauss
Rules of the Game (EP), an EP by Catch 22
Rules of the Game (film), a 2014 British film
The Rules of the Game (play), a 1918 play by Luigi Pirandello
The rules of a mind game called The Game
"The Rules of the Game", an episode of the television show The Game
Les Régles du jeu (magazine), a French literary journal.
Rules of the Game, a BBC series aired in 2022.
See also
The Rule of the Game, a 2002 Taiwanese film
Laws of the Game (disambiguation)
Moriz Winternitz (Horn, December 23, 1863 – Prague, January 9, 1937) was a scholar from Austria who began his Indology contributions working with Max Müller at the Oxford University. An eminent Sanskrit scholar, he worked as a professor in Prague in the German part of Karl-Ferdinands-Universität after 1902, for nearly thirty years. His Geschichte der indischen Literatur over 1908-1922 period was a major and comprehensive literary history of Sanskrit texts. The contributions on a wide range of Sanskrit texts by Winternitz have been an influential resource for modern era studies on Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism.
Education
An Austrian Orientalist, he received his earliest education in the gymnasium of his native town, and in 1880 entered the University of Vienna, receiving the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in 1886. In 1888 he went to Oxford, where until 1892 he assisted the preparation of the second edition of the Rig-Veda (4 vols., Oxford, 1890–92), collating manuscripts and deciding on the adoption of many new readings. Winternitz remained in Oxford until 1898, acting in various educational capacities, such as German lecturer to the Association for Promoting the Higher Education of Women (1891–98), librarian of the Indian Institute at Oxford (1895), and frequently as examiner in German and Sanskrit both for the university and for the Indian Civil Service.
Work
In 1899 he went to Karl-Ferdinands-Universität in Prague as privatdozent for Indology and general ethnology, and in 1902 was appointed to the professorship of Sanskrit (made vacant by the retirement of Ludwig) and of ethnology. The Winternitz family were friendly with Albert Einstein, when he was in Prague around 1911.
Rabindranath Tagore visited Prague in 1920 and met Winternitz. On an invitation from the poet, he went to Santiniketan and worked as a visiting professor from February 1923 to September 1924.
Among his students were Vincenc Lesny, Wilhelm Gampert and Otto Stein, who themselves went on to become prominent Indologists.
In addition to valuable contributions on Sanskrit and ethnology to various scientific journals, Winternitz edited the Apastambiya Gṛihyasutra (Vienna, 1887) and the Mantrapaṭha, or the Prayer-Book of the Apastambins (part i, Oxford, 1897); translated Müller's Anthropological Religion and his Theosophy, or Psychological Religion into German (Leipzig, 1894–95); and published Das Altindische Hochzeitsrituell (Vienna, 1892), which also contains valuable ethnological material; A Catalogue of South Indian Manuscripts Belonging to the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland (London, 1902); and Geschichte der Indischen Literatur (part i, Leipzig, 1905).
See also
Moriz Winternitz (Longer biography, in German)
Wilhelm Winternitz
References
1863 births
1937 deaths
People from Horn, Austria
Austrian Indologists
Visva-Bharati University alumni
Charles University faculty
Sanskrit scholars
Myriophyllum pinnatum, common names cutleaf water-milfoil, green parrot's-feather, and pinnate water-milfoil, is a species of Myriophyllum.
Conservation status in the United States
It is listed as endangered in Connecticut. It is also listed as endangered in Indiana New Jersey, New York (state), as "historical" in Kentucky, as threatened in Rhode Island and Tennessee, and as a special concern in Massachusetts.
References
pinnatum
Freshwater plants
Lauri Eero Ilmari Korpinen (born 28 April 1946) has served as Finnish Ambassador to Malaysia and Brunei since June 2004.
Korpinen started his career at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs in 1973. He has previously worked at the Finnish Consulate General in Hamburg, the Permanent Representation at Geneva and in Addis Ababa, Warsaw, Washington and London Embassies. Between 2000 and 2004, Korpinen served as Ambassador to Seoul, Republic of Korea.
References
Ambassadors of Finland to South Korea
Ambassadors of Finland to Malaysia
Ambassadors of Finland to Brunei
Permanent Representatives of Finland to the United Nations
1946 births
Living people
Krobonosz-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 52.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Joyoti Basu (born 17 December 1957) is an Indian biochemist, cell biologist and a senior professor at the Bose Institute. Known for her studies on the membrane structure of red blood cells, Basu is an elected fellow of all three major Indian science academies, namely the National Academy of Sciences, India, the Indian Academy of Sciences and the Indian National Science Academy, as well as the Indian Society for Chemical Biology. The Department of Biotechnology of the Government of India awarded her the National Bioscience Award for Career Development, one of the highest Indian science awards, for her contributions to biosciences in 2002.
Biography
Born on 17 December 1957 in the Indian state of West Bengal, Joyoti Basu did her undergraduate studies at the Presidency College, Kolkata and after completing the BSc honors in chemistry, she obtained an MSc from the University of Calcutta. Her doctoral research was at the Bose Institute, Kolkata under the guidance of Parul Chakrabarti, which earned her a PhD from Calcutta University. She did her post-doctoral work at the laboratory of Jean-Marie Ghuysen at the University of Liège working on mycobacterial cell division and mycobacterial peptidoglycan-biosynthesizing enzymes. She joined Bose Institute in 1991 as a faculty member at the department of Chemistry and retired in June, 2018.
Basu resides along Madhab Chatterjee Street in Kolkata.
Controversy
Basu's alleged scientific misconduct has been noted widely and has even been covered in media. She is widely alleged to have duplicated images leading to retraction of two papers, correction of another two, and, many alleged instances of misconduct listed on Pubpeer. Basu has retracted a few of her papers. This includes an article published in The Journal of Immunology.
Legacy
Basu's research is focused on the cellular and molecular biology of mycobacteria. During the initial stages of her career, she worked on the membrane structure of red blood cells and her research is reported to have assisted in widening the understanding of apoptosis of nucleated mammalian cells and the physiology of the red cell that lacked a cell nucleus. Her association with her mentor, Parul Chakrabarti, during her doctoral research days, precipitated the studies of the biosynthetic pathways of fatty acids in relation to cell wall building and the functions of penicillin-binding proteins. She is known to be the first scientist to propose that the removal of the aged or oxidatively stressed red blood cells from the circulatory system causes cellular death. Later she moved on to the biological study of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, a pathogenic bacterium causing tuberculosis, with regard to its host-pathogen interaction and her studies revealed the mechanisms of macrophage apoptosis as well as the relationship between host cell signaling and innate immune response. In 2007, the team led by Basu and her college mate from the Presidency College, Manikuntala Kundu, were successful in identifying a protein in Mycobacterium tuberculosis which caused weakening of the immune system of the host. They found that the protein, named Early Secreted Antigen 6, which bound themselves on Toll-like receptor 2 of the host, hindered the production of cytokines, a type of protein which helped the immune system to fight the tuberculosis bacteria. The discovery also has reported importance in the therapeutics of diseases like rheumatoid arthritis. The achievement was later published as an article, Direct extracellular interaction between the early secreted antigen ESAT-6 of Mycobacterium tuberculosis and TLR2 inhibits TLR signaling in macrophages in Nature Immunology journal in 2007. Her studies have been documented by way of a number of articles and ResearchGate, an online repository of scientific articles has listed 77 of them. Besides, she has mentored several research scholars in their doctoral studies.
Basu is a member of the executive committee of the Indian Society of Cell Biology and is a former Treasurer of the Society. She is credited with contributing to the establishment of a program on Systems Biology at the Bose Institute. She is also a former associate editor of the Journal of Immunology and is an Academic Editor of PLoS One.
Awards and honors
Basu received the Young Scientist Medal of the Indian National Science Academy in 1989. The Department of Biotechnology of the Government of India awarded her the National Bioscience Award for Career Development, one of the highest Indian science awards in 2002. The National Academy of Sciences, India elected her as a fellow the same year. She received the elected fellowships of the Indian Academy of Sciences and the Indian National Academy of Sciences in 2006 and 2009 respectively. She is a recipient of the J.C. Bose National Fellowship in 2017.
Selected bibliography
See also
ESAT-6
Host–pathogen interaction
Notes
References
N-BIOS Prize recipients
Indian women academics
Indian scientific authors
Fellows of The National Academy of Sciences, India
1957 births
Living people
Fellows of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the Indian National Science Academy
Women scientists from West Bengal
Indian biochemists
University of Calcutta alumni
University of Liège alumni
Indian cell biologists
Scientists from Kolkata
20th-century Indian biologists
20th-century Indian women scientists
DC Graphic Novel is a line of graphic novel trade paperbacks published from 1983 to 1986 by DC Comics.
The series generally featured stand-alone stories featuring new characters and concepts with one notable exception. The Hunger Dogs was intended by Jack Kirby and DC to serve as the end to the entire Fourth World saga. The project was mired in controversy over Kirby's insistence that the series should end with the deaths of the New Gods, which clashed with DC's demands that the characters could not be killed off.
As a result, production of the graphic novel suffered many delays and revisions. Pages and storyline elements from the unpublished "On the Road to Armagetto" were revised and incorporated into the graphic novel. Then, DC ordered the entire plot restructured which resulted in many pages of the story being rearranged out of Kirby's intended reading order.
From 1985 to 1987, DC also published a second, related line called DC Science Fiction Graphic Novel. Rather than being original stories, the graphic novels of this line were instead adaptations of works published by well-known authors of science fiction. These were edited by Julius Schwartz, making use of his connections to recruit the famous authors whose works were adapted. This was the last editorial work Schwartz did before retiring.
These two series were DC's counterparts to Marvel Comics' Marvel Graphic Novel line.
DC Graphic Novel series
DC Science Fiction Graphic Novel series
Collected editions
Jack Kirby's Fourth World Omnibus Volume 4 (collects DC Graphic Novel #4: "The Hunger Dogs", with some alterations to the art, 424 pages, March 2008, )
References
External links
and
DC Graphic Novel and DC Science Fiction Graphic Novel at Mike's Amazing World of DC Comics
1983 comics debuts
1985 comics debuts
1986 comics endings
1987 comics endings
Adaptations of works by Harlan Ellison
Adaptations of works by Ray Bradbury
Comics by Doug Moench
Comics by Jack Kirby
Comics by Keith Giffen
Comics by Pat Mills
Comics by Paul Kupperberg
DC Comics graphic novels
DC Comics lines
Defunct American comics
Lists of comics based on works
Science fiction graphic novels
Helen Mary Westwood AM is a former Australian politician and Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. Westwood was a member of the Council from 2007 to 2015.
Personal and early life
Westwood was born to Harry and Cecily Wray. Her brother David is known in the music industry as crooner Frank Bennett. Westwood married Bob in 1973, and they have two daughters and four grandchildren.
She attended Catholic schools, but in her final year she attended Birrong Girls High School along with fellow politician Lynda Voltz.
She began her working life at 15 years of age and she has had a variety of jobs including shop assistant, accounting machinist, clerical assistant, stay-at-home mum, community worker and electorate officer.
Westwood was previously married and is currently in a same-sex relationship.
Political career
Helen Westwood joined the Bargo-Picton Branch of the Australian Labor Party in 1976 (and which is now subsumed into the Wollondilly Branch). She became the Secretary of the Sefton Branch in 1977 and has remained an active member ever since.
She was a Councillor of Bankstown City Council between 1995 and 2007. She was its Deputy Mayor between 1997 and 1998, and between September 2002 to May 2006, she was the Mayor of Bankstown. She claims to be the first mayor of Bankstown to be elected to the New South Wales Parliament. She was a board member of the Western Sydney Regional Organisation of Councils (WSROC) since 2001 and Chair from 2004 to 2005. She was also a member of the Executive of the New South Wales Local Government Association. She was a Director of the Board of Waste Recycling and Processing Corporation from 1996 to 2007.
In 2006, she resigned as Mayor to become an adviser to State Fisheries Minister Ian MacDonald as a prelude to her nomination on the Labor Party ticket for the Legislative Council.
She was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council in 2007 as a Left faction candidate. She received the twelfth highest quota for the Council.
Shortly after her election, she raised allegations about politician Paul Gibson assaulting fellow MP Sandra Nori resulting in Gibson standing down from the Ministry whilst the allegations were investigated. Gibson never returned to the Ministry and another Minister, Phil Koperberg, was briefly stood aside in a related historical domestic violence allegations. These matters caused significant damage to the Iemma Labor Government.
In 2008, she was one of a number of Australian politicians who backed besieged politician Belinda Neal.
In 2011, she was Deputy Chair of a parliamentary inquiry into domestic violence which pushed for an integrated response to domestic and family violence by the NSW Government.
In 2014, Helen Westwood participated in a move by the Labor-affiliated Australian Services Union to allow the membership to vote on whom the Union's delegates would preselect for the Labor ticket in the Legislative Council. Despite winning the endorsement of the ASU rank and file Helen ultimately failed in her bid to regain preselection on the back of other Left-affiliated unions (the AMWU, CFMEU and CPSU) voting for Luke Foley, Lynda Voltz and Mick Veitch. Allegations were raised that this was the final payback for the earlier allegations against Paul Gibson.
Awards
In 2001, she was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001 for service to Local Government.
In 2006, she was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for her services to Local Government.
In 2007, she was commended in the Women of the West Award for her commitment and dedication to improving social balance, equity, opportunity and community harmony.
References
Living people
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Labor Left politicians
Lesbian politicians
Members of the Order of Australia
Mayors of Bankstown
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Year of birth missing (living people)
LGBT legislators in Australia
Place of birth missing (living people)
Women mayors of places in New South Wales
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
21st-century Australian politicians
21st-century Australian women politicians
Women members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Experience is the debut album by German electronic act York. It features the hit singles Awakening, O.T.B. On The Beach, The Fields of Love (with ATB), and Farewell to The Moon.
Track listing
References
External links
,
2001 debut albums
York (group) albums
Tim Peterson may refer to:
Tim Peterson (politician)
Tim Peterson (swimmer)
Tim Peterson (baseball)
The Best American Short Stories 2012, a volume in the Best American Short Stories series, was edited by Heidi Pitlor and by guest editor Tom Perotta.
Short Stories included
References
Fiction anthologies
Short Stories 2012
2012 anthologies
Houghton Mifflin books
"Lovesick Blues" is a Tin Pan Alley song, composed by Cliff Friend, with lyrics by Irving Mills. It first appeared in the 1922 musical "Oh, Ernest", and was recorded that year by Elsie Clark and Jack Shea. Emmett Miller recorded it in 1925 and 1928, followed by country music singer Rex Griffin in 1939. The recordings by Griffin and Miller inspired Hank Williams to perform the song during his first appearances on the Louisiana Hayride radio show in 1948. Receiving an enthusiastic reception from the audience, Williams decided to record his own version despite initial push back from his producer Fred Rose (a former 1920s Tin Pan Alley songwriter) and his band.
MGM Records released "Lovesick Blues" in February 1949, and it became an overnight success, quickly reaching number one on Billboard's Top Country & Western singles chart and number 24 on the Most Played in Jukeboxes list. After a 42 week run, 16 of those weeks at number 1, the publication named it the top country and western record of the year, while Cashbox named it "Best Hillbilly Record of the Year". It was the biggest hit of Hank Williams' career.
Several cover versions of the song have been recorded. The most popular, Frank Ifield's 1962 version, topped the UK Singles Chart. In 2004, Williams' version was added to the National Recording Registry.
Background and recordings
"Lovesick Blues" was originally titled "I've Got the Love-sick Blues," and published by Jack Mills, Inc. in 1922; Irving Mills wrote the lyrics and Cliff Friend composed the music. It was first performed by Anna Chandler in the Tin Pan Alley musical Oh! Ernest and recorded by Elsie Clark on March 21, 1922 with Okeh Records. Following the recording, Friend and Mills copyrighted the song on April 3, 1922. It was featured in a show at the Boardwalk Club in New York City in June 1922 and recorded by Jack Shea (aka Irving Kaufman) on Vocalion Records later that summer.
On September 1, 1925, OKeh Records sent scout Ralph Peer and a recording crew to Asheville, North Carolina. Among the aspiring artists recorded by Peer was Emmett Miller. Accompanied by Walter Rothrock on the piano, Miller cut four sides for the label, including "Lovesick Blues". The single was paired with "Big Bad Bill (is Sweet William Now)" and released in November 1925. On June 12, 1928 accompanied by the Georgia Crackers (Tommy Dorsey, Jimmy Dorsey, Eddie Lang, and Leo McConville), Miller re-recorded the song, which was released to weak sales.
Eleven years later, Miller's version was covered by country music singer Rex Griffin. Like Hank Williams, Griffin was a prolific songwriter who was rarely inspired to record compositions other than his own. Griffin rearranged the song by using the original chorus - "I got a feeling called the blues" as a verse, and turning the verse "I'm in love, I'm in love, with a beautiful gal" into the new chorus. He added several yodels that emphasised the pain of the singer. Though it was his final session for Decca Records, he was eventually inducted by the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame, in recognition of songs like "The Last Letter" and "The Lovesick Blues." His recording on September 25, 1939 was the first "Hillbilly" version (equivalent to today's "Country music") of the latter, and it was his arrangement that Hank Williams later "imitated and immortalized", in December 1948.
Hank Williams recording
Hank Williams, who heard both the Miller and Griffin versions, started performing the song on the Louisiana Hayride shortly after joining in August 1948. Horace Logan, the show's producer and programming director for KWKH, reported that the audience "went crazy" the first time Williams performed the song on the show. In light of the live audience's strong positive reaction, Williams decided to record the song. His decision was questioned by his musicians and also his producer, Fred Rose, who felt that the song did not merit a recording. Williams, mindful of the reaction he received live, persisted, and the recording took place during the final half-hour of a session recorded at Herzog Studio in Cincinnati, Ohio, on December 22, 1948. For this recording, Williams replaced the jazz musicians with a modern country music band, using a rhythm guitar, mandolin, string bass, drums and a steel guitar. Williams' session band was composed of Clyde Baum (mandolin), Zeke Turner (electric guitar), Jerry Byrd (steel guitar), Louis Innis (rhythm guitar), Tommy Jackson (fiddle) and Willie Thawl (bass). With little time left, Byrd and Turner replicated the musical arrangement they previously used on an Ernest Tubb session for a cover of Jimmie Rodgers' "Waiting for a Train". In the episode of American Masters about Williams, Drifting Cowboy Don Helms recalls, "When they recorded 'Lovesick Blues,' Fred told Hank, 'That song's out of meter! Got too many bars in it. And you hold that note too long.' And Hank said, 'Well, when I find a note I like, I wanna hold on to it as long as I can,' you know, just tryin' to be funny. And Fred said, 'Well, I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. That thing is so much out of meter, I'm gonna get me a cup of coffee and when I get back maybe y'all have that thing cut.' And they did, but it was still out of meter. So Fred lived with that the rest of his life." Williams combined Griffin's lyrical arrangement with a two-beat honky-tonk track, borrowing the yodeling and beat drops from Miller's recording. "Lovesick Blues" was recorded in two takes.
MGM released "Lovesick Blues" on February 11, 1949, coupling it with "Never Again (Will I Knock On Your Door)". The single sold 50,000 copies in the first two weeks. On its February 26, 1949 review, Billboard opined: "Hank's razz-mah-tazz approach and ear-catching yodeling should keep this side spinning". Based on votes sent to Billboard, the record was rated with 85 points by disc jockeys, 82 by record dealers and 85 by jukebox operators. Between the three, the track scored an overall of 84. In reference to its 100-point scale, Billboard regarded the record as "Excellent". It reached number one on Billboard's Top C&W singles, where it remained for sixteen weeks and reached number twenty-four on Most Played in Jukeboxes. The magazine listed it as the "number one country and western record of 1949" while Cashbox named it "Best Hillbilly record of the year".
In March 1949, Wesley Rose requested Williams to send him the records by Griffin and Miller to prove that the song was in the public domain. Despite the prior recordings, it was published by Acuff-Rose Publications, Nashville, on March 21, 1949. Irving Mills, the original lyricist, and president of publisher Mills Music, Inc., sued Acuff-Rose. In less than three months, with the case still pending, Acuff-Rose Publications, Inc. assigned its March copyright to Mills Music, Inc. on July 29, 1949. "Lovesick Blues" was already at the top of the "Most Played Juke Box (Country & Western) Records) chart", which is where it remained for 16 weeks, and a total run of 42 weeks. As the excitement was calming down, the final settlement came on November 1. It was re-published on that date as "Lovesick blues; words and music by Irving Mills and Cliff Friend, arr. by Hank Williams. © Mills Music, inc., New York; 1Nov49; on changed lyrics & music." According to author Colin Escott, it was agreed that Mills and Acuff-Rose would share the publishing of Williams' recording. Mills later gained the rest of the rights to the song when he purchased Friend's rights effective June 22, 1951.
Following the success of the song, Williams was invited to appear as a guest on the Grand Ole Opry, on June 11, 1949. After the performance, Williams received a standing ovation. "Lovesick Blues" became his signature song, which he used to close his shows. It was also his first number one hit, and garnered Williams the stage nicknames of "The Lovesick Blues Boy" and "Mr. Lovesick Blues". In 1949, the singer received second billing behind Eddy Arnold on the list of the "Year's Top Selling Folk Artists". Williams' version of the song was featured in the films The Last Picture Show (1971), Forrest Gump (1994) and The Shawshank Redemption (1994). In 2004, "Lovesick Blues" was added to the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress.
The Crickets recording
The Crickets released their cover of the song (based on Williams' version) in 1971 on the Philips label. The song appeared originally as the B-side to the single "My Rockin' Days". The recording lineup consisted of Sonny Curtis providing lead guitar and vocals, Joe Osborn on bass, Jerry Allison on drums, and Glen Hardin on piano. The song was performed live on The Old Grey Whistle Test in 1972.
Other versions
Country star Marty Robbins released a cover of the song in his 1957 album “The Songs of Robbins.”
Singer Sonny James released a version of the song on the flip side of "Dear Love" in June 1957. The song peaked at number 15 on Billboard's Hot Country Songs.
In March 1960, Patsy Cline released a version of "Lovesick Blues" via Decca Records. It was backed on the B-side with the track "How Can I Face Tomorrow". Cline's version failed to become a commercial success due to a lack of promotion and advertisement from her record label.
Floyd Cramer's 1962 instrumental version of the song peaked at 87 on the Billboard Hot 100.
In December 1962, Frank Ifield's version of "Lovesick Blues" topped the UK Singles Chart, and reached number 44 on the Billboard Hot 100 the following month. Gramophone compared his singing to a "rough and raucous Jimmie Rodgers". Meanwhile, Elizabethan delivered a negative review, stating: "No true country singer would dare do to a Hank Williams number what Frank Ifield has done to 'Lovesick Blues'." The review finished by declaring that Ifield had "none of Jim Reeves' depth and character, nor of the subtle melodic quality (of) Don Gibson." By the end of February 1963, Billboard estimated that the single had sold close to a million copies worldwide.
Charley Pride recorded Love Sick Blues in 1968
Linda Ronstadt recorded a version of the song on her album Silk Purse in 1970.
Little Richard released a version of the song arranged with what has been described as a "New Orleans rhythm" on his album The Rill Thing in 1970.
Arlo Guthrie released a version of the song on his 1973 album, Last of the Brooklyn Cowboys.
In 1992, George Strait released a version that reached number twenty-four on the Billboard Hot Country Singles. The single peaked at number 22 on RPM's Country Tracks. This chart placing broke a string of 31 consecutive top ten country hits for Strait.
In 2001, Ryan Adams recorded "Lovesick Blues" for a Hank Williams tribute album, Timeless.
In 2018, Mason Ramsey became a viral sensation when he was recorded singing "Lovesick Blues" at a Walmart store in Harrisburg, Illinois, which led to him signing a record deal, and his version of the song was included on his debut EP, Famous.
Chart performance
Hank Williams
Other artists
See also
Yodeling
Footnotes
References
1922 songs
1949 singles
1960 singles
1962 singles
1992 singles
Billboard Hot Country Songs number-one singles of the year
Floyd Cramer songs
George Strait songs
Hank Williams songs
Glen Campbell songs
Mason Ramsey songs
Irish Singles Chart number-one singles
MCA Records singles
Patsy Cline songs
Pop standards
Songs with lyrics by Irving Mills
Songs with music by Cliff Friend
Sonny James songs
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
United States National Recording Registry recordings
Okeh Records singles
The Junior women's race at the 1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Budapest, Hungary, at the Kincsem Park on March 26, 1994. A preview on the event was given in the Herald, and a report in The New York Times.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Junior women's race (4.3 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 142 athletes from 39 countries in the Junior women's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(4)
(4)
(4)
(4)
(4)
(5)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(6)
(5)
(1)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(2)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(5)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(2)
See also
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
References
Junior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1994 in women's athletics
1994 in youth sport
Turva is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia. It is located about southwest of the town of Viljandi, on the right bank of the Kõpu River.
As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 28.
Turva village is the location of Peetri (Piitre) Manor. The Art Nouveau main building was built by Friedrich von Sivers, the owner of Heimtali Manor, in 1910–1912, according to the plans of architect Otto Wildau.
References
Villages in Viljandi County
René is a short novella by François-René de Chateaubriand, which first appeared in 1802. The work had an immense impact on early Romanticism, comparable to that of Goethe's The Sorrows of Young Werther. Like the German novel, it deals with a sensitive and passionate young man who finds himself at odds with contemporary society. René was first published as part of Chateaubriand's Génie du christianisme along with another novella, Atala; although it was in fact an excerpt from a long prose epic the author had composed between 1793 and 1799 called Les Natchez, which would not be made public until 1826. René enjoyed such immediate popularity that it was republished separately in 1805 along with Atala.
Plot summary
René, a desperately unhappy young Frenchman, seeks refuge among the Natchez people of Louisiana. It is a long time before he is persuaded to reveal the cause of his melancholy. He tells of his lonely childhood in his father's castle in Brittany. His mother died giving birth to him and since his father is a remote, forbidding figure, René takes refuge in an intense friendship with his sister Amélie and in long, solitary walks in the countryside around the castle.
When René's father dies and his brother inherits the family home, he decides to travel. He visits the ruins of ancient Greece and Rome which inspire him with melancholy reflections. He travels to Scotland to view the places mentioned by the bard Ossian and to the famous sights of Italy. Nothing satisfies him: "The ancient world had no certainty, the modern world had no beauty." He returns to France and finds society corrupt and irreligious. His sister Amélie inexplicably seems to avoid him too. As René explains:
"I soon found myself more isolated in my own land, than I had been in a foreign country. For a while I wanted to fling myself into a world which said nothing to me and which did not understand me. My soul, not yet worn out by any passion, sought an object to which it might be attached; but I realised I was giving more than I received. It was not elevated language or deep feelings that were asked of me. My only task was to shrink my soul and bring it down to society's level."
Disgusted, René withdraws from society and lives in an obscure part of the city. But this reclusive life soon bores him too. He decides to move to the countryside but he finds no happiness there: "Alas, I was alone, alone on the earth. A secret languor was taking hold of my body. The disgust for life I had felt since childhood came back with renewed force. Soon my heart no longer provided food for my mind, and the only thing I felt in my existence was a deep ennui."
René decides to kill himself, but when his sister learns of his plan, the two are joyfully reunited. But there is no happy ending. Amélie seems to be pining for something. One day, René finds she has gone, leaving a letter saying she wants to become a nun but giving no explanation why. René goes to witness her initiation ceremony where she reveals she has joined the convent because she wants to overcome her incestuous love for him. Devastated by this confession, René decides to leave Europe forever and travel to America. After spending some time with the Indians, he receives a letter announcing his sister's death. The novella concludes by revealing shortly after René told his tale, he was killed in a battle between the Natchez and the French.
(Note: according to the version in Les Natchez, the action of the story takes place in the 1720s.)
Literary significance and criticism
As the title suggests, there are numerous autobiographical elements in the book, which draws extensively on Chateaubriand's memories of his own childhood in Brittany and his travels in North America in 1791. Chateaubriand was criticised for his use of the theme of incest and there is no evidence that his sister Lucile had any such passion for him in real life.
René proved an immense inspiration to young Romantics who felt it was the perfect expression of the mal du siècle their generation experienced. Notable admirers included Berlioz and Alfred de Musset. Its fame reached abroad; René's travels through Europe were imitated by Lord Byron in Childe Harold's Pilgrimage. Both René and Harold are restless outsiders with an aristocratic contempt for the banality of the world. Like Goethe with Werther, in later years, Chateaubriand came to resent the popularity of his early work. As he wrote in his memoirs:
"If René did not exist, I would not write it again; if it were possible for me to destroy it, I would destroy it. It spawned a whole family of René poets and René prose-mongers; all we hear nowadays are pitiful and disjointed phrases; the only subject is gales and storms, and unknown ills moaned out to the clouds and to the night. There's not a fop who has just left college who hasn't dreamt he was the most unfortunate of men; there's not a milksop who hasn't exhausted all life has to offer by the age of sixteen; who hasn't believed himself tormented by his own genius; who, in the abyss of his thoughts, hasn't given himself over to the "wave of passions"; who hasn't struck his pale and dishevelled brow and astonished mankind with a sorrow whose name neither he, nor it, knows".
References
Chateaubriand: Atala – René – Les aventures du dernier Abencérage, ed. Jean-Claude Berchet, Flammarion (1996)
External links
René in French at ATHENA
René, audio version
English translation
1802 French novels
Works by François-René de Chateaubriand
French novellas
Louisiana in fiction
The Jaywalks (formerly known as 'Who's Ya Daddy') were an indie rock Australian band. In 2004, they were recognized by Guinness World Records for being the youngest group of musicians banned from commercial radio airplay for their song "I Like Fat Chicks". It was banned on 23 December 2004 by ZZZ FM. At the time of the ban being announced, the average age of the three piece (later four piece) group was 12 years and 26 days. Ironically the banned song won a Dolphin Award for Best Pop Song in 2006. In 2008 the band released their debut EP, containing a re-recording of the notorious song and other newer material. The band broke up in 2011.
References
External links
The Jaywalks
Censorship of music
Australian pop punk groups
Josef Weber (18 April 1898 – 5 March 1970) was a German international footballer.
References
1898 births
1970 deaths
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Shangyi () is a town under the administration of Zijin County, Heyuan, Guangdong, China. , it administers one residential community and the following seven villages:
Shangyi Village
Guanghui Village ()
Jidong Village ()
Zhaoyuan Village ()
Yexi Village ()
Jiaotian Village ()
Juanpeng Village ()
References
Township-level divisions of Guangdong
Zijin County
Resolver is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Veruca Salt. It was released on May 16, 2000, on Beyond Records, followed by an Australian release on December 6, 2002. The album was the first for the band after the departure of all the founding members but Louise Post, who became the band's sole frontwoman.
Like their previous album, Eight Arms to Hold You, the title is inspired by The Beatles; in this case, a play on the title of their 1966 album Revolver.
Production
The album was produced by Brian Liesegang.
Critical reception
The Chicago Tribune wrote that Resolver is the album "in which Post and Veruca Salt blow past the years of snide hipster innuendo that somehow they just weren't good enough, a pop concoction cashing in on a trend (female-fronted alternative-rock bands) with a formulaic, bubblegum version of a once-revolutionary sound (the soft-loud dynamics, whispered verses and raging choruses of the Pixies, Nirvana and the Breeders)." The Washington Post thought that "what distinguishes Resolver is not a new style but a newfound consistency. Track for track, this is the band's catchiest album."
Track listing
All songs written by Louise Post, except where noted.
Personnel
Louise Post - bass guitar, guitar, keyboards, vocals, production, artwork, layout design
Kevin Tihista - bass guitar, guitar, vocals
Stephen Fitzpatrick - guitar
Matt Walker - percussion, drums
Eric Remschneider - cello
Scott Pazera - additional guitars
Brian Liesegang - programming, production, editing
Travis King - engineering, production assistant, sound design, cover art, cover image
Joe Barresi - mixing
Howie Weinberg - mastering
Randy Nicklaus - A&R
Scott Steiner - programming, editing
Chad Adams - engineering, editing
Joe Wohlmuth - assistant
Joshua Shapera - assistant
Chart positions
Album
2000 Resolver Billboard 200 # 171
References
External links
Official artist website
Veruca Salt albums
2000 albums
An isocyanide (also called isonitrile or carbylamine) is an organic compound with the functional group –. It is the isomer of the related nitrile (–C≡N), hence the prefix is isocyano. The organic fragment is connected to the isocyanide group through the nitrogen atom, not via the carbon. They are used as building blocks for the synthesis of other compounds.
Properties
Structure and bonding
The C-N distance in isocyanides is 115.8 pm in methyl isocyanide. The C-N-C angles are near 180°.
Akin to carbon monoxide, isocyanides are described by two resonance structures, one with a triple bond between the nitrogen and the carbon and one with a double bond between. The π lone pair of the nitrogen stabilizes the structure and is responsible of the linearity of isocyanides, although the reactivity of isocyanides reflects some carbene character, at least in a formal sense. Thus, both resonance structures are useful representations. They are susceptible to polymerization.
Spectroscopy
Isocyanides exhibit a strong absorption in their IR spectra in the range of 2165–2110 cm−1.
The electronic symmetry about the isocyanide 14N nucleus results in a slow quadrupolar relaxation so that 13C-14N nuclear spin coupling can be observed, with coupling constants of ca. 5 Hz for the isocyanide 13C nucleus and 5–14 Hz for the 13C nucleus which the isocyanide group is attached to.
Odour
Their disagreeable odour is legendary. To quote from Lieke, "Es besitzt einen penetranten, höchst unangenehmen Geruch; das Oeffnen eines Gefässes mit Cyanallyl reicht hin, die Luft eines Zimmers mehrere Tage lang zu verpesten, ..." (It has a penetrating, extremely unpleasant odour; the opening of a flask of allyl [iso]cyanide is enough to foul up the air in a room for several days). Note that in Lieke's day, the difference between isocyanide and nitrile was not fully appreciated.
Ivar Karl Ugi states that "The development of the chemistry of isocyanides has probably suffered only little delay through the characteristic odor of volatile isonitriles, which has been described by Hofmann and Gautier as 'highly specific, almost overpowering', 'horrible', and 'extremely distressing'. It is true that many potential workers in this field have been turned away by the odour, but this is heavily outweighed by the fact that isonitriles can be detected even in traces, and that most of the routes leading to the formation of isonitriles were discovered through the odor of these compounds." Isocyanides have been investigated as potential non-lethal weapons.
Some isocyanides convey less offensive odours such as malt, natural rubber, creosote, cherry or old wood. Non-volatile derivatives such as tosylmethyl isocyanide do not have an odor.
Toxicity
While some isocyanides (e.g., cyclohexyl isocyanide) are toxic, others "exhibit no appreciable toxicity for mammals". Referring to ethyl isocyanide, toxicological studies in the 1960s at Bayer showed that "oral and subcutaneous doses of 500-5000 mg/kg can be tolerated by mice".
Synthesis
Many routes to isocyanides have been developed.
From formamides
Commonly, isocyanides are synthesized by dehydration of formamides. The formamide can be dehydrated with toluenesulfonyl chloride, phosphorus oxychloride, phosgene, diphosgene, or the Burgess reagent in the presence of a base such as pyridine or triethylamine.
The formamide precursors are, in turn, prepared from amines by formylation with formic acid or formyl acetyl anhydride.or from the Ritter reaction of alkenes (and other sources of carbocations) and hydrogen cyanide.
From dichlorocarbene
In the carbylamine reaction (also known as the Hofmann isocyanide synthesis) alkali base reacts with chloroform to produce dichlorocarbene. The carbene then converts primary amines to isocyanides. Illustrative is the synthesis of tert-butyl isocyanide from tert-butylamine in the presence of catalytic amount of the phase transfer catalyst benzyltriethylammonium chloride.
As it is only effective for primary amines this reaction can be used as a chemical test for their presence.
Silver cyanide route
Of historical interest but not often of practical value, the first isocyanide, allyl isocyanide, was prepared by the reaction of allyl iodide and silver cyanide.
RI + AgCN → RNC + AgI
Other methods
Another route to isocyanides entails deprotonation of oxazoles and benzoxazoles in the 2-position. The resulting organolithium compound exists in chemical equilibrium with the 2-isocyanophenolate, which can be captured by an electrophile such as an acid chloride.
Reactions
Isocyanides have diverse reactivity.
Isocyanides are stable to strong base (they are often made under strongly basic conditions), but they are sensitive to acid. In the presence of aqueous acid, isocyanides hydrolyse to the corresponding formamides:
This reaction is used to destroy odorous isocyanide mixtures. Some isocyanides can polymerize in the presence of Lewis and Bronsted acids.
Isocyanides participate in many multicomponent reactions of interest in organic synthesis, two of which are: the Ugi reaction and the Passerini reaction.
Isocyanides also participate in cycloaddition reactions, such as the [4+1] cycloaddition with tetrazines. Depending on the degree of substitution of the isocyanide, this reaction converts isocyanides into carbonyls or gives stable cycloadducts. They also undergo insertion into the C–Cl bonds of acyl chlorides in the Nef isocyanide reaction, a process that is believed to be concerted and illustrates their carbene character.
Isocyanides have also been shown to be a useful reagent in palladium catalysed reactions with a wide variety of compounds being formed using this method.
The α position of isocyanides have substantial acidity. For example, benzyl isocyanide has a pKa of 27.4. In comparison, benzyl cyanide has a pKa of 21.9. In the gas phase, is 1.8 kcal/mol less acidic than .
Chlorination of isocyanides gives isocyanide dichlorides.
Ligands in coordination chemistry
Isocyanides form coordination complexes with most transition metals. They behave as electron-rich analogues of carbon monoxide. For example tert-butyl isocyanide forms , which is analogous to . Although structurally similar, the analogous carbonyls differ in several ways, mainly because t-BuNC is a better donor ligand than CO. Thus, is easily protonated, whereas its counterpart is not.
Naturally occurring isocyanides
Only few naturally occurring compounds exhibit the isocyanide functionality. The first was discovered in 1957 in an extract of the mold Penicillium notatum. The compound xanthocillin later was used as an antibiotic. Since then numerous other isocyanides have been isolated. Most of the marine isocyanides are terpenoid, while some of the terrestrial isocyanides originate from α-aminoacids.
Nomenclature
IUPAC uses the prefix "isocyano" for the systematic nomenclature of isocyanides: isocyanomethane, isocyanoethane, isocyanopropane, etc.
The sometimes used old term "carbylamine" conflicts with systematic nomenclature. An amine always has three single bonds, whereas an isocyanide has only one single and one multiple bond.
The isocyanamide functional group consists of a amino group attached to an isocyano moiety.
for nomenclature as suffix of isonitrile or prefix of isocyano is used depending upon priority table.
References
Functional groups
Henry James Emmett (1782–1848) was an English born public servant. He was in the War Office in England for seven years before emigrating to Van Diemen's Land in 1819 where he filled a number of roles in government. He and his family travelled on the Regalia the first passenger ship to Van Dieman's Land, arriving on 30 November 1819.
Career
Before emigrating he worked at the War Office in England for seven years. On arrival, he received 1600 acres, with a larger lot at Ross and two smaller parcels of land near Hobart. From 1821 to 1824 he was clerked to the bench of magistrates and later inspector of distilleries and breweries, then chief clerk in the colonial secretary's office and editor of the Hobart Town Gazette.
Following the construction of 'Beauly Lodge' at New Town, he misappropriated fees collected by his office, a board of inquiry ordered repayment but exonerated him from deliberate dishonesty. His financial situation further deteriorated despite career advancement, in 1833 he was appointed clerk of the peace and registrar of the Court of Requests, he misappropriated further funds from wine and spirit licences and was dismissed from office.
After this he set up as a general agent, amanuensis, and debt collector and appealed unsuccessfully to the Colonial Office. In 1843 he commenced as schoolmaster at the Back River school near New Norfolk.
Family
He was the eldest son of Henry James Emmett of London and Grace West, née Taylor. He emigrated with his wife, Mary Elizabeth Thompson, née Townsend, and their six children arriving on Sullivan's Cove, Hobart, Van Diemen's Land, on 30 November 1819. He had worked under Viscount Palmerston at the War Office who provided a settler's letter of recommendation.
There were eleven children, two of whom died in England, with three born in Australia; among his children were: Henry James Emmett (1809–1881), Edward Nucella Emmett (1817–1874) and Skelton Buckley Emmett (1818–1898) (father of Evelyn Temple Emmett, [1871–1970]).
His wife survived him by eight years.
References
1783 births
1848 deaths
People from Westminster
People from Tasmania
English emigrants to Australia
19th-century Australian public servants
Ward School may refer to:
Argentina
Ward School (Villa Sarmiento, Argentina), a school in Villa Sarmiento within Buenos Aires
Canada
Mary Ward Catholic Secondary School, Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario, known also as "Ward School"
Lithuania
War School of Kaunas, a military school in Kaunas during 1919-1940
New Zealand
Ward School, New Zealand, in Ward, New Zealand
United States
Ward School (Ward, Colorado), NRHP-listed in Boulder County
Ward School (Hartsville, Tennessee), NRHP-listed in
Trousdale County
See also
North Ward School (disambiguation), schools in Missouri and Ontario
South Ward School (disambiguation), schools in Florida, Iowa, Pennsylvania
East Ward School, also known as the Teresa Merrill School, St. Johns, Michigan, NRHP-listed
West Ward School (disambiguation), schools in Indiana and Massachusetts
First Ward School, Elkins, Randolph County, West Virginia, NRHP-listed
Second Ward School (disambiguation), schools in New Mexico and Wisconsin
Third Ward School, Sheboygan, Wisconsin, NRHP-listed
Fourth Ward School (disambiguation), schools in Nevada, New York, Texas, West Virginia
Fifth Ward School, Louisville, Kentucky, also known as "Monsarrat School"
This is list of members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 10 December 2013 to 9 December 2015.
Composition
By province
By political groups
as of 9 December 2015
Election cycles
List of Deputies
The table is sorted by provinces in alphabetical order, and then with their deputies in alphabetical order by their surnames. All deputies start their term on December 10, and end it on December 9 of the corresponding years, except when noted.
Notes
References
External links
List of deputies in the official website (archived)
2013
2013 in Argentina
2014 in Argentina
2015 in Argentina
Triple Exposure is an album by saxophonist Hal McKusick which was recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.
Reception
Scott Yanow of Allmusic stated, "Two talented but forgotten bop-based improvisers are featured on this quintet set: Hal McKusick (who switches between his Paul Desmond-inspired alto, tenor and cool-toned clarinet) and trombonist Billy Byers".
Track listing
All compositions by Hal McKusick except as indicated
"Interim" - 5:51 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Saturday Night (Is the Loneliest Night of the Week)" (Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn) - 7:13
"Don't Worry 'bout Me" (Rube Bloom, Ted Koehler) - 8:09 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Con Alma" (Dizzy Gillespie) - 7:43 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Something New" (Albert Gamse, Ricardo López Méndez) - 5:11
"Blues Half-Smiling" - 5:33
"A Touch of Spring" - 6:00
"The Settlers and the Indians" (Robert Scott) - 9:10
"I'm Glad There Is You" (Jimmy Dorsey, Paul Madeira) - 3:50
Personnel
Hal McKusick - alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, clarinet
Billy Byers - trombone
Eddie Costa - piano
Paul Chambers - bass
Charlie Persip - drums
References
Hal McKusick albums
1958 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Bob Weinstock
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Wólka Leszczańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Donna Hylton (born October 29, 1964) is a Jamaican-American convicted murderer. She was convicted at age 20 of murder in the second degree and two counts of kidnapping in the first degree for her role in the kidnapping, rape, torture, and murder of New York businessman Thomas Vigliarolo in 1985. Sentenced to 25 years to life, Hylton was paroled in 2012 after serving more than 26 years. Following her time in prison, Hylton earned a bachelor's degree in behavioral science and a master's degree in English from Mercy College, and now works as an activist, public speaker, and community health advocate for Mt. Sinai St. Luke's. She is the author of the memoir A Little Piece of Light.
Biography
Early life
In her memoir, A Little Piece of Light (2018), Hylton characterized the first 20 years of her life as "adult hands harming me instead of protecting me." During early childhood, Donna Patricia Walden lived in her birthplace of Port Antonio, Jamaica, with her mother, a devotee of Obeah, a spiritual practice of the West Indies. Hylton felt that her mother, who may have been bipolar, used her as a "real-life voodoo doll," and recalled, "It was routine for her to burn me with fire and cut me with a knife." In June 1972, four months before Hylton's eighth birthday, her mother exchanged her for "a handful of money" from a childless couple, Roy and Daphne Hylton, who took the girl to live with them in New York City, where she acquired her adoptive surname. Two years later, when she was 9, Roy Hylton began to sexually abuse her on a regular basis. During the summer of 1979, at age 14, she was sexually abused by her math tutor, a married man.
Later that summer, she ran away to Philadelphia with a man who lived in an upstairs apartment with his mother. Ten years older than Hylton, he raped her in a motel room. "Whatever part of me wasn't broken," she recollects, "is broken now." They remained together in Philadelphia for five months. "Sometimes, after he rapes me, he sits against the wall and orders me to crawl around the apartment on my hands and knees, like a dog. He stands up and urinates on my skin; he pushes the glowing tip of a cigarette against my bare leg." When he beat her, he said: "I'm a man, and I do what I want." In January 1980, they returned to New York, where Hylton discovered she was pregnant. Stunned at the news, Hylton claims the man responded, "No wonder you're pregnant, you're a whore!" Hylton recalled he knocked her down and raped her. In February 1981, at age 16, Hylton gave birth to a daughter.
In the summer of 1981, Hylton was abducted by an older man whose previous advances she had rebuffed. She claimed he locked her inside a bedroom closet, after which he was joined by another man. When they pulled her out of the closet, Hylton recognized the second man as a minister at a nearby church. The two men took turns raping her, then shoved her back in the closet, where she remained for three days. Once released, Hylton reported the crime to the police. She claims one of the responding detectives drove her to an unfamiliar location and raped her.
In 1982, at age 18, Hylton married a 19-year-old rapper. When she learned that she was pregnant again, the rapper and his mother talked her into terminating the pregnancy. Following her abortion, he asked for a divorce.
In 1984, Hylton went to work at a hotel gift shop in Times Square. In January 1985, a recently hired coworker introduced Hylton to the coworker's godfather, a man named Louis Miranda. In March 1985, Miranda enlisted Hylton in a scheme to recover money he believed had been swindled from him by a business partner.
Murder of Thomas Vigliarolo
On March 20, 1985, Donna Hylton and three female accomplices drugged and kidnapped 62-year-old Long Island real estate broker Thomas Vigliarolo at the behest of Louis Miranda, who thought Vigliarolo had cheated him out of $139,000 on a mutual con in which the two allegedly sold shares in New York City condos and pocketed the money. The kidnappers held Vigliarolo prisoner for 15–20 days. During that time, three men and four women, including Hylton, starved, burned, beat, sexually assaulted/raped, and tortured him. On April 5, 1985, with Hylton asleep in the next room, Vigliarolo died of asphyxiation. Three days later, his body was found locked in a trunk in a Manhattan apartment.
Trial
Delivering a ransom note and tape to a friend of Vigliarolo, who got a partial license plate number of the car she was driving, led to Hylton's capture by police.
At her trial, which began in February 1986, Hylton's legal defense was duress and coercion, arguing that she had been put into a position with imminent threat and participated only due to that threat. She said that Louis Miranda threatened to kill her then 4-year-old daughter if Hylton did not cooperate. On March 12, 1986, a jury convicted Hylton of second degree murder and two counts of first-degree kidnapping. Hylton was sentenced to concurrent indeterminate prison terms of 25 years to life.
Appeals
In January 1991, the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division rejected Hylton's challenges relating to duress and found her other arguments "unpersuasive and meritless," noting that she had made an "elaborate confession, which was corroborated by ample evidence."
In April 2007, Hylton appealed to federal court to vacate her conviction on the grounds that (1) her Sixth Amendment right to confrontation was violated, (2) she received ineffective assistance of counsel in both the trial and state appellate proceedings, and (3) judicial impropriety and bias deprived her of her constitutional right to a fair trial. In November, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ruled that Hylton's petition for habeas corpus was untimely on its face, having been filed ten years after the effective date of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 imposing a one-year statute of limitations. Consequently, the court dismissed her case without addressing Hylton's claims of judicial impropriety and bias and ineffectiveness of trial and appellate counsel.
Prison
Hylton's involvement in the high-profile case was the subject of a 1995 article in Psychology Today magazine written by Jill Neimark. While an inmate, Hylton earned a bachelor of science degree in the behavioral sciences from Mercy College (1994) and a master's degree in women's studies and English literature from Marymount Manhattan College (2003).
In 2011, she was ordained as a Christian minister.
On January 17, 2012, after serving nearly 27 years in Bedford Hills Correctional Facility for Women, Hylton was paroled.
Post-prison
Following her release, Hylton has advocated for the "humanitarian" release of aging prisoners.
In 2016 it was announced that Rosario Dawson was attached to a movie version of Hylton's life story, A Little Piece of Light. The film is in development, in search of a screenwriter and director.
In January 2017, Hylton was a featured speaker at the Women's March on Washington. During the speech, she refers to herself as “inmate #86G0206,” and spoke about issues facing women who are in prison.
In her memoir, A Little Piece of Light: A Memoir of Hope, Prison, and a Life Unbound, published in June 2018, Hylton expressed sympathy for her victim, a husband and father. "Even now," she writes, "half a decade after leaving prison, not a day goes by that I don't think about Mr. Vigliarolo. Not a day goes by that I don't think of his family, the fear they must have felt as they imagined him in fear, wondering where he was for eleven nights and worried for what he might have been experiencing.”
On August 20, 2020, the Democratic National Committee (DNC) included Hylton in a list of 22 of "America's most impactful community leaders" who participated in a video reading of the Preamble to the Constitution during a televised portion of the convention."
References
External links
1964 births
20th-century American criminals
20th-century Jamaican criminals
Living people
Jamaican emigrants to the United States
Jamaican people convicted of murder
American people convicted of murder
American feminists
Mercy College (New York) alumni
American female murderers
American kidnappers
People convicted of murder by New York (state)
People from Port Antonio
Marymount Manhattan College alumni
Metsanurga is a village in Saue Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia. Prior to the administrative reform of Estonian local governments in 2017, the village belonged to Kernu Parish.
References
Villages in Harju County
A.S.D. Fersina Perginese is an Italian association football, and the major football club in Pergine Valsugana, Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol. Currently it plays in Italy's Serie D.
History
Foundation
The club was founded in 2009 after the merger with the teams of A.S. Fersina and A.C. Perginese.
Serie D
In the season 2011–12 the team was promoted from Eccellenza Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol to Serie D.
Colors and badge
The team's colors are yellow and black.
Honours
Eccellenza Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol:
Winner (1): 2011–12
Regional Coppa Italia Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol:
Winner (2): 2010–11, 2011–12
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Trentino
Association football clubs established in 2009
2009 establishments in Italy
Benito Elizalde Etxezarreta (born 15 October 1961) is a Spanish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1961 births
Living people
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
20th-century Spanish people
John Brennan Hussey, Jr. (born May 29, 1934), an attorney who specializes in contracts, served for two terms from 1982 to 1990 as the Democratic mayor of his native Shreveport, Louisiana. Previously he was a one-term member of the Shreveport City Council and in 1980 presided as the council chairman.
Background
Hussey graduated from the private elementary and junior high institution, the Southfield School in the South Highlands neighborhood of Shreveport and was inducted in 2008 into the Southfield hall of fame. He thereafter graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and in 1958 the Louisiana State University Law Center in Baton Rouge, at which he was managing editor of the LSU Law Review. Hussey was a captain of the Judge Advocate General's Corps, United States Army and the Army Reserve. He is affiliated with the Chamber of Commerce, the YMCA, the Council on Alcoholism, the Legal Aid Society, and the Shreveport Association for Children with Learning Disabilities.
Political life
In 1978, Hussey was elected to the Shreveport City Council under the new mayor-council single-member district plan. In a runoff election, he defeated a fellow Democrat, businessman William Hardy "Bill" Bush (1943–2014), with whom he later became friends.
Bush held the council seat that Hussey vacated for the two terms that Hussey was mayor. When Hussey was term-limited in 1990, Bush himself ran for mayor and finished in a relatively weak third place in a 12-candidate field.
In both 1982 and 1986, Hussey defeated then Democrat Don W. Williamson, a former member of both houses of the state legislator from Caddo Parish, in two races for mayor. Thereafter, Williamson, in political retirement, joined the Republican Party. Williamson was considered a better campaigner than Hussey, but the former lawmaker and businessman was mostly identified with northern Caddo Parish, rather than Shreveport, where he had relocated only several years earlier.
In 1994, Hussey sought a comeback as mayor but finished third in the nonpartisan blanket primary with 11,833 votes (22 percent). In the ensuing general election, the Republican Robert W. "Bo" Williams defeated the African-American Democrat Roy Cary. Williams served one term as mayor until his defeat in 1998 by the Democrat Keith Hightower.
Hussey was also an elected member of the first Shreveport City Council under the mayor-council single-member district format, having served from 1978 until 1982, when he became mayor. On the council, Hussey drafted the rules to govern city council proceedings. He developed good working relationships with the council's then three black members as well as the council's first president, former Mayor James C. Gardner, and Charles B. Peatross, who went on to become a judge of the Louisiana Court of Appeal for the Second Circuit in Shreveport. In his memoirs, Gardner said that Hussey "had read everything available on politics and government."
Though a Democrat, Hussey appointed a Republican, Harriet Belchic, to the Shreveport Women's Commission. He sat on the board of directors of the Louisiana Municipal Association and was a vice president of the Louisiana Conference of Mayors.
Family
Hussey, who is Roman Catholic was married to Emily Ann "Mimi" Wile (c. 1937–2015), who was Jewish. The couple had two sons. Emily died in 2015.
References
Further reading
James C. Gardner, Jim Gardner and Shreveport, Vol. II (Shreveport: Ritz Publications, 2006), pp. 225, 253
John B. Hussey, Oral History, Louisiana State University in Shreveport Archives
1934 births
Living people
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
Louisiana State University Law Center alumni
Louisiana lawyers
Louisiana city council members
Mayors of Shreveport, Louisiana
Louisiana Democrats
American Roman Catholics
Too Low for Zero (stylised as 2 ▼ 4 0) is the seventeenth studio album by English musician Elton John. Released in 1983, the album marked a comeback for John, whose previous four albums had failed to yield many enduring international hit singles, and had disappointing sales compared to his string of hit records released during the first half of the 1970s.
It is his second best selling album of the 1980s (after Sleeping with the Past), earning Platinum certification by both the RIAA and the BPI. It produced several hit songs, each accompanied by successful MTV music videos, and it spent over a year on the Billboard album chart.
Background
For the first time since Blue Moves in 1976, all lyrics were written by Bernie Taupin. John also reunited with the core of his backing band of the early 1970s: Dee Murray, Nigel Olsson and Davey Johnstone as well as Ray Cooper, Kiki Dee and Skaila Kanga (who played harp on John's self-titled album and Tumbleweed Connection).
Production
The album was produced by Chris Thomas and recorded at AIR Studios in Montserrat (the same studio for Jump Up!) and Sunset Sound Recorders in Hollywood.
For the first time since A Single Man, John played synthesizers in addition to piano, since James Newton Howard left the band. John felt that synths allowed him to write better fast rock songs, having not been entirely happy with such compositions performed on piano.
The album was written and recorded in approximately two weeks, with overdubs completed in a week.
Releases
The original LP issue of the album featured a die-cut cover with a special inner sleeve. The four shapes shown on the cover were cut out, with the colours (shown as ink smears on the inner sleeve) showing through the holes. The 2010 Japanese SHM CD release of the album is the only CD version to replicate the packaging of the original LP with the die-cut design.
All B-sides released on US singles from this time originate from his 1978 album A Single Man and the 21 at 33 sessions from 1980. They were also previously released on European singles. In the US, Too Low for Zero was certified gold in January 1984 and platinum in October 1995 by the RIAA.
Reception
Reviewing the album in Rolling Stone, Don Shewey commented, "Elton John and Bernie Taupin have written some great hit singles, but since the early Elton John LP, they have never produced an album of consistently first-rate material. And although Too Low for Zero is a big step up from losers like Blue Moves and A Single Man, it doesn't hang together, either." He praised the catchy energy of "I'm Still Standing", "Kiss the Bride", "Crystal", and "Too Low for Zero", and approved of the way those four songs synthesized the styles of popular artists such as The Pointer Sisters and Joe Jackson. However, he felt the rest of the album suffered from poor lyrics, finding the morbidity of "Cold as Christmas" and "One More Arrow" to be especially distasteful.
Track listing
Sides one and two were combined as tracks 1–10 on CD reissues.
Personnel
Track numbering refers to CD and digital releases of the album.
Elton John – lead vocals, backing vocals, acoustic piano (tracks 1–5, 8, 10), Fender Rhodes (Track 1), synthesizers (Tracks 1–7, 9), clavinet (Track 9)
Davey Johnstone – acoustic guitar (Tracks 1, 4, 5, 6, 9), electric guitar (Tracks 2-10), backing vocals
Dee Murray – bass guitar, backing vocals
Nigel Olsson – drums, tambourine on "Whipping Boy", backing vocals
Ray Cooper – percussion on "Cold as Christmas (In the Middle of the Year)"
Skaila Kanga – harp on "Cold as Christmas (In the Middle of the Year)"
Kiki Dee – backing vocals on "Cold as Christmas (In the Middle of the Year)"
Stevie Wonder – harmonica on "I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues"
James Newton Howard – string arrangements on "One More Arrow"
On bonus tracks
Produced by Elton John and Clive Franks
Elton John – acoustic piano on "Earn While You Learn" and "The Retreat", organ on "Earn While You Learn" and "Dreamboat", Fender Rhodes on "Dreamboat", mellotron on "Earn While You Learn", vocals on "Dreamboat and "The Retreat"
David Paich – Hammond organ on "The Retreat"
James Newton-Howard – synthesizers on "The Retreat"
Tim Renwick – guitar on "Earn While You Learn" and "Dreamboat"
Steve Lukather – guitar on "The Retreat"
Clive Franks – bass guitar on "Earn While You Learn" and "Dreamboat"
Reggie McBride – bass guitar on "The Retreat"
Steve Holley – drums on "Earn While You Learn" and "Dreamboat"
Alvin Taylor – drums on "The Retreat"
Ray Cooper – tambourine on "Earn While You Learn" and "Dreamboat", triangle on "Earn While You Learn"
Paul Buckmaster – orchestra arrangements on "Dreamboat"
Production
Produced by Chris Thomas
Recorded and Mixed by Bill Price
Mixed at AIR Studios London
Mastered by Chris Thomas (UK) and Greg Fulginiti (US).
Management – John Reid
Art Direction – Rod Dyer
Design – Clive Piercy
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Elton John albums
1983 albums
Albums produced by Chris Thomas (record producer)
Geffen Records albums
The Rocket Record Company albums
Albums recorded at Sunset Sound Recorders
Albums recorded at AIR Studios
Robert Radcliffe, 10th Baron Fitzwalter, 1st Earl of Sussex, KG, KB, PC (c. 148327 November 1542), also spelt Radclyffe, Ratcliffe, Ratcliff, etc., was a prominent courtier and soldier during the reigns of Henry VII and Henry VIII who served as Chamberlain of the Exchequer and Lord Great Chamberlain.
Family
Robert Radcliffe, born about 1483, was the only son of John Radcliffe (1452-1496), 9th Baron FitzWalter, and Margaret Whetehill, widow of Thomas Walden, gentleman, and daughter of Robert Whetehill, esquire, by his wife, Joan. Radcliffe had five sisters, Mary, the wife of Sir Edward Darrell; Bridget; Ursula; Jane, a nun; and Anne, wife of Sir Walter Hobart.
Career
In October 1495 Robert Radcliffe's father was attainted of high treason for confederacy with the pretender, Perkin Warbeck, by which all his honours were forfeited. His life was spared, and he was imprisoned at Guisnes. After he unsuccessfully attempted to escape, he was beheaded at Calais about 24 November 1496. Radcliffe's mother was living on 6 July 1518. The date of her death is unknown.
In his youth Radcliffe was in the service of King Henry VII and his then elder son and heir, Arthur, Prince of Wales, and was present at Arthur's marriage to Catherine of Aragon on 14 November 1501.
Radcliffe's father's attainder was reversed by letters patent dated 3 November 1505, and later by Act of Parliament in 1509, by which Radcliffe became Baron FitzWalter. On 23 June 1509 he was made a Knight of the Bath, and on the following day officiated as Lord Sewer at the coronation of King Henry VIII. In 1515 he was at Westminster Abbey when Wolsey received his cardinal's hat.
Radcliffe served in the vanguard under George Talbot, 4th Earl of Shrewsbury, in the invasion of France in 1513, and was at the sieges of Therouanne and Tournai. In June 1520 he attended Henry VIII at the Field of the Cloth of Gold and at his meetings with the Emperor Charles V in July 1520 and May 1522. In 1521 he served at sea as admiral of a squadron, and was chief captain of the vanguard under the Earl of Surrey when the English forces landed at Morlaix on 1 July and campaigned in Picardy from 30 August to 14 October.
On 7 May 1524 he was installed as a Knight of the Order of the Garter, and on 18 July 1525, at the creation of Henry VIII's illegitimate son, Henry FitzRoy, as Duke of Richmond, Radcliffe was created Viscount Fitzwalter. Further honours and appointments followed. Radcliffe was a member of the Privy Council before 2 February 1526, was created Earl of Sussex on 8 December 1529, appointed Lieutenant of the Order of the Garter on 7 May 1531, and appointed as a Chamberlain of the Exchequer for life on 3 June 1532.
Archbold states that Sussex was for a long period "in very confidential relations" with Henry VIII, and is of the view that it was with the King's knowledge that Sussex proposed to the Privy Council on 6 June 1536 that the King should advance his illegitimate son, Henry FitzRoy, to the crown ahead of Princess Mary, the King's daughter by Catherine of Aragon. Sussex also took the King's part on the divorce issue. He served as Lord Sewer at the coronation of Queen Anne Boleyn on 1 June 1533, and on 2 December 1533 was among the commissioners who took Henry VIII's demands concerning the divorce to Catherine of Aragon.
After the Pilgrimage of Grace, Sussex was commissioned, together with Edward Stanley, 3rd Earl of Derby, to restore order in Lancashire, and as a reward for his services was granted the manor of Cleeve in Somerset. On 23 June 1537 he was granted the reversion of the office of Lord Steward of the Royal Household, although when the current holder, George Talbot, 4th Earl of Shrewsbury, died in the following year he was succeeded, not by Sussex, but by the King's brother-in-law, Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk. In 1539 Sussex was one of the commissioners appointed to defend the Thames and the coast of Essex.
On 3 January 1540, he attended Henry VIII at the reception of Anne of Cleves at Blackheath. On 9 March of the same year he was appointed to inquire into the situation in Calais, and after the disgrace and recall to England of Arthur Plantagenet, 1st Viscount Lisle, had charge of Calais from 17 April until July. On 3 August 1540 he was granted a lifetime appointment as Lord Great Chamberlain.
Robert Radcliffe died on 27 November 1542.
Marriages and issue
Sussex married three times. Firstly shortly after 23 July 1505, to a first cousin of Henry VIII's mother, Elizabeth of York, Elizabeth Stafford, the elder daughter of Henry Stafford, 2nd Duke of Buckingham, and Katherine Woodville, by whom he had three sons:
Henry Radcliffe, 2nd Earl of Sussex (1507–17 February 1557), father of Thomas Radcliffe, 3rd Earl of Sussex, a leading figure at the court of Queen Elizabeth I.
Sir Humphrey Radcliffe (c. 1508/9–13 August 1566) of Elstow, Bedfordshire, who married Isabel Harvey, daughter and heir of Edmund Harvey of Elstow and Margaret Wentworth, by whom he had two sons, Thomas Radcliffe, and Edward Radcliffe, 6th Earl of Sussex, and four daughters, Mary Radcliffe, who was a lady-in-waiting to Queen Elizabeth I, Frances Radcliffe, Elizabeth Radcliffe, and Martha Radcliffe.
George Radcliffe, who married Katherine Marney, the daughter of John Marney, 2nd Baron Marney. After Radcliffe's death, his widow married Thomas Poynings, 1st Baron Poynings.
Secondly, by 1 September 1532, Sussex married Margaret Stanley, the only daughter of Thomas Stanley, 2nd Earl of Derby, and Anne Hastings, the daughter of Edward Hastings, 2nd Baron Hastings, by whom he had two daughters:
Jane Radcliffe, who married Anthony Browne, 1st Viscount Montague.
Anne Radcliffe, who married Thomas Wharton, 2nd Baron Wharton.
Thirdly on 14 January 1537 Sussex married Mary Arundell (died 20 October 1557), a daughter of Sir John Arundell (c. 14741545) of Lanherne St. Mawgan-in-Pyder, Cornwall, by his second wife, Katherine Grenvile. After Sussex's death on 27 November 1542, his widow Mary married, on 19 December 1545, as his second wife, Henry FitzAlan, Earl of Arundel (died 24 February 1580). There were no issue of the marriage. Sussex had by Mary Arundell two sons:
a son baptized 22 March 1538 who died in infancy,
Sir John Radcliffe (bap. 31 December 15399 November 1568) of Cleeve, Somerset, younger son.
Notes
References
External links
Radcliffe, Sir Humphrey (1508/9-66), of Elstow, Bedfordshire, and Beddington, Surrey
Radcliffe, John (1539-1568), of Old Cleeve, Somerset
Robert Radcliffe, 1st Earl of Sussex, tudorplace.com
Robert Radcliffe, thepeerage.com
|-
|-
1483 births
1542 deaths
Earls of Sussex (1529 creation)
Knights of the Garter
Lord-Lieutenants of Lancashire
15th-century English nobility
16th-century English nobility
Barons FitzWalter
The Church of St Morwenna and St John the Baptist is the parish church of Morwenstow, north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, the most northerly parish in Cornwall. The church is dedicated to Morwenna, a local saint, and to John the Baptist, and is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Truro, the archdeaconry of Bodmin, and the deanery of Stratton. Its benefice is combined with that of St James, Kilkhampton to form the United Benefice of Kilkhampton with Morwenstow.
From 1835 to 1874 the vicar of the parish was Rev. R. S. Hawker, poet and antiquary who is credited with creating the modern form of the harvest festival church service to give thanks for a good harvest in 1842. It stands in a remote position near cliffs on the north coast of Cornwall. Amongst the tombs and gravestones in the churchyard is the preserved figurehead from a ship which was wrecked nearby.
The Church of St Morwenna and St John the Baptist is the most northerly church (and parish) in Cornwall.
History
Although the earliest fabric in the present church is Norman, it is believed that an earlier Saxon church stood on the site. At some time before 1291 the advowson was granted to St John's Hospital at Bridgwater by the Bishop of Exeter. In a document dated 1296, the church was referred to as an "old and well-known structure". Additions to the church were made in the 13th, 15th and 16th centuries.
The church was restored in the 1850s under the direction of Parson Hawker when the box pews were removed and the wooden shingles on the roof were replaced. A further restoration took place in, or just after 1878, probably by J P St Aubyn. A vestry was added in 1887 and there were further restorations in 1904 and 1908. The colouring of the chancel roof was restored in 1934.
Architecture
Exterior
The church is built in stone with 19th-century slate roofs. Most of the stone is rubble but some dressed stone is present. The arcades dating from the 12th and 13th centuries are made from local dunstone, the 15th-century arcade is constructed from Polyphant stone, and the 16th-century piers and arches are in granite. The plan of the church consists of a west tower, a nave and chancel, five-bay north and south arcades, a south porch and a northeast vestry.
The tower has three stages. It is built in rubble with granite for the long and short quoins, the string course, embattled parapet, and the tall corner pinnacles with crocketted finials. The doorway to the porch consists of the outer order of a Norman doorway which has been moved from elsewhere. It includes zigzag carving and flowers carved in heavy relief. The doorway to the church itself consists of the inner two orders of the Norman doorway with zigzag carving on both orders. On the capitals are carved birds and pine cones.
Interior
Internally the westerly three bays of the north arcade are Norman and include zigzag carving and a carved ram's head. The two easterly arcades are Transitional. The south arcade is mainly Perpendicular in style. The pew ends are carved with Gothic tracery above Renaissance arabesques. One pew end is inscribed with "T.K.", for Rev Thomas Kempthorne, who was vicar from 1539 to 1594; another has the date of 1575. The Norman font is roughly shaped with ropework decoration beneath a plain bowl.
The pulpit dates from the 20th century and incorporates some earlier woodwork as blind tracery. The chancel screen which was initially constructed by Parson Hawker was removed after his death and then replaced in 1908. It is made from fragments of 16th and 17th carving. In the chancel is a large reredos dated 1908 which was designed by E. H. Sedding and carved by the Pinwill sisters of Plymouth, probably Violet Pinwill. It contains a cartoon by Giovanni Battista Piazzetta and three engravings by John-Baptist Jackson.
In the south wall of the chancel is a piscina and on the north wall is a fragment of a mural painting dating from the late 15th or early 16th century. The painting depicts a female holding a scroll in her left hand with her right arm raised in blessing over a kneeling monk and is thought to represent St Morwenna.
In the church are a number of tomb chests and memorials. One of the memorials is a large slate plate in the floor beside the pulpit to the memory of Hawker's first wife, Charlotte, who died in 1863. At the west end of the church is a 17th-century communion table. In the south aisle is the Hawker memorial window by Lavers and Westlake which was erected in 1904. It depicts Parson Hawker and his dog, the church and various other features associated with him.
Organ
The organ was built by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd of London in 1892 and rebuilt by Geo. Osmond of Taunton in 1969.
Bells
There is a ring of six bells. Four of these were cast by Abel Rudhall in 1753, the other two being by Mears & Stainbank of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry dated 1902.
External features
Associated with the church are a number of structures listed at Grades II* and II. In the churchyard are a number of headstones and tomb chests.
Also in the churchyard is a granite Celtic cross which is said to have been moved from a nearby moor by Parson Hawker to commemorate the death of his first wife, Charlotte. Her initials C E H are carved on the shaft.
Elsewhere in the churchyard is a carved and painted wooden figurehead depicting the figure of Caledonia holding a drawn sword and shield. It is the figurehead from the Scottish brig , which was shipwrecked off Morwenstow in 1843 and is erected to the memory of its captain and crew who are buried nearby.
At the entry to the churchyard are an adjoining stile, a lychgate and a former mortuary. The stile dates from the 19th century. It is constructed in freestone ashlar and slate and was probably designed by Parson Hawker. The lychgate, which is wooden with a slate roof, was built in 1641 and extensively repaired in 1738. The former mortuary, which is now used as a store, is a stone building which was used for laying out the corpses of drowned sailors.
In a corner of the vicarage garden about 125 metres from the church is the holy well of St John over which is a medieval well house; its water has been used for baptisms for hundreds of years. This is a rectangular stone building with a timber door and a steeply gabled stone roof with a flat ridge.
Further from the church, to its west, and 14 metres down the cliff face is the holy well of St Morwenna. Its well house also originates from the medieval period and it consists of a dressed stone-gabled structure built into the side of the cliff.
Nearby on the coast path is Hawker's Hut, constructed by Parson Hawker from driftwood. It is owned and managed by the National Trust.
References
External links
Robert Stephen Hawker
Cornwall Historic Churches Trust
Church of England church buildings in Cornwall
Grade I listed churches in Cornwall
English churches with Norman architecture
English Gothic architecture in Cornwall
Holy wells in Cornwall
Burial sites of the Children of Brychan
Church of St Morwenna and St John the Baptist
Metuge District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique.
External links
Government profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
An Sun-Jin (born September 19, 1975) is a former South Korean football player.
Club statistics
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
Mito HollyHock players
Pohang Steelers players
J2 League players
K League 1 players
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Korea University alumni
Association football midfielders
Breunigweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Lal is a surname and a given name.
Lal or LAL may also refer to:
Places
Lal wa Sarjangal, also simply Lal, a town in Ghor Province, Afghanistan
Lal, Iran (disambiguation), the name of two places
People
Lal (actor), stage name of Indian film actor, producer and director M. P. Michael (born 1958)
Lal Jr., stage name of Indian director Jean Paul Lal (born 1988), son of M. P. Michael
Lal Waterson (1943–1998), British musician
Other uses
LAL (band), a Canadian electronic/house/world musician collective
Lal, a fictional character in "The Offspring" (Star Trek: The Next Generation)
Lanka Ashok Leyland, a Sri Lanka truck manufacturer
Licence Art Libre, or Free Art Licence
Lightning activity level, a six-point scale measuring the amount of lightning produced by a thunderstorm
Limulus amebocyte lysate, an aqueous extract of blood cells from the Atlantic horseshoe crab
Livonia, Avon and Lakeville Railroad, New York, U.S.
Air Labrador, a Canadian airline, ICAO airline designator LAL
Lakeland Linder International Airport, Florida, U.S., FAA airport code LAL
Los Angeles Lakers, a professional basketball team
See also
Lal Lal, Victoria, Australia
Lala (disambiguation)
Lal Bal Pal, a group of three nationalists in British-ruled India
Laal (disambiguation)
The Rugby League Conference Welsh Championship was the lower of two Welsh domestic leagues for the sport of rugby league. It was a division of the Rugby League Conference competition which covers all of Great Britain.
History
The Rugby League Conference was founded in 1997 as the Southern Conference, a 10-team pilot league for teams in the South of England and English Midlands. It expanded into Wales for the first time in 2001 when Cardiff Demons joined the South West division.
After two years of just one club in South Wales, the RFL saw that it was time to expand, letting in six more open-aged sides to form the new Welsh Conference and Wales gained its own division for the first time.
The Premier Division were set up in 2005 for teams who had achieved a certain playing standard and were able to travel further afield to find stronger opposition. The new Premier Divisions included the North Premier, the South Premier, the Central Premier and the Welsh Premier.
The Welsh Premier division was split into two divisions East Wales and West Wales in 2006, though this decision was reversed for the following season.
The Welsh Conference Junior League began in 2009.
Due to the growth of the sport in Wales, in 2010 a separate Championship division was formed which would function at one tier lower than the present Premier division. This Championship division featured teams from South Wales, but another Championship division featuring teams from North Wales was meant to be contested, but it didn't materialise and a rugby league nines tournament was played instead.
The South Wales Rugby League Championship was given a re-structure following four West Wales clubs not fulfilling fixtures. Amman Valley Rhinos, Dinefwr Sharks, Swansea/Llanelli Dragons and West Wales Wild Boars were omitted and replaced with newly formed Dyffryn Devils. The league was scrapped after the 2011 season.
2011
Teams
Teams play each other on a home-and-away basis.
NB: Blackwood Bulldogs failed to start the season
Winners
2010 Neath Port Talbot Steelers
2011 Bonymaen Broncos
Junior league
Welsh teams also compete at under-17; under-15 and under-13 age groups.
External links
Official Wales Rugby League Website
Rugby leagues in Wales
Rugby League Conference
Rugby league competitions in the United Kingdom
Jamia Darussalam is an Arabic college founded in 1924 by Kaka Mohammed Oomer in Oomerabad. Jamia Darussalam is an Islamic institution in south India.
History
Jamia Darussalam is an Islamic university founded by an animal skin merchant, Kaka Mohammed Oomer, who laid the foundation for this institution on 7 December 1924 at the newly founded village, named after him as Oomerabad. It came into existence with a program of offering services to cater to the religious, educational, reformative and welfare needs of Muslims and the country at large.
Education
Jamia Darussalam provides education in various Islamic disciplines. It offers postgraduate, undergraduate, diploma and certificate courses. JDSA offers training in four languages; Persian, Arabic, English and Urdu. It also offers training for memorising the Qur'an.
Notable alumni
Jalaluddin Umri (Ex Amir of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind)
Ziya Ur-Rahman Azmi (Muhadith-al-asar, Author, Scholar, Professor & Ex Dean of Department of Hadith at Islamic University of Madinah)
Dr Mohammad Khan Umri ( Assistant Professor, Department of Islamic Studies, Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi
Hafeez ur Rahman Azami Umri Madani (Former Principal of Jamia Darussalam, Oomerabad )
Links
Oomerabad
Kaka Mohammed Oomer
References
Islamic universities and colleges in India
Madrasas in Tamil Nadu
Madrasas in India
Universities and colleges in Vellore district
Educational institutions established in 1924
1924 establishments in India
Academic institutions formerly affiliated with the University of Madras
Konstantinos Achileas Karamanlis (; born 12 December 1974), commonly known as Kostas Karamanlis (, ), is a Greek politician. Since 2019, he has served as the Minister of Infrastructure and Transport in the cabinet of Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
Early life and career
Karamanlis comes from a family with long political traditions. He is the son of politician Achileas Karamanlis, nephew of Konstantinos Karamanlis and cousin of Kostas Karamanlis. Karamanlis studied history and economics at Hamilton College in New York, then studied at Tufts University. From 2002 to 2004, he worked in London at the Swiss investment bank UBS Warburg. Later, for ten years he was managing director of a shipping company in Piraeus.
Political career
Karamanlis became involved in political activities representing New Democracy. In January 2015, he was first elected a member of the Hellenic Parliament in the Serres constituency. He successfully ran for re-election in the elections in September 2015 and 2019.
In July 2019, the Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis appointed Karamanlis with the position of Minister of Infrastructure and Transport.
References
1974 births
Living people
Politicians from Athens
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
Tufts University alumni
New Democracy (Greece) politicians
Government ministers of Greece
Greek MPs 2015–2019
Greek MPs 2019–2023
The 1957–58 Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball team represented Iowa State University during the 1957-58 NCAA College men's basketball season. The Cyclones were coached by Bill Strannigan, who was in his fourth season with the Cyclones. They played their home games at the Iowa State Armory in Ames, Iowa.
They finished the season 15–8, 8–4 in Big Eight play to finish in a tie for second.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=6 style=""|Regular Season
|-
References
Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball seasons
Iowa State
Iowa State Cyc
Iowa State Cyc
Dzwola is a village in Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dzwola. It lies approximately east of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
Very popular words in Dzwola: "sput", "żnij rów", "zgon".
The village has a population of 936.
References
Dzwola
The La Union Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of La Union.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of La Union.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Mario Ortega (NUP)
References
Politics of La Union
Provincial boards in the Philippines
In the study of zero sum games, Glicksberg's theorem (also Glicksberg's existence theorem) is a result that shows certain games have a minimax value
.
If A and B are compact sets, and K is an upper semicontinuous or lower semicontinuous function on , then
where f and g run over Borel probability measures on A and B.
The theorem is useful if f and g are interpreted as mixed strategies of two players in the context of a continuous game. If the payoff function K is upper semicontinuous, then the game has a value.
The continuity condition may not be dropped: see example of a game with no value.
References
Game theory
is a 2022 Sonic the Hedgehog video game compilation by Sega. It features remasters of the first four platform games in the Sonic series originally released for the Sega Genesis and the Sega CD; Sonic the Hedgehog (1991), Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (1992), Sonic CD (1993), and Sonic the Hedgehog 3 & Knuckles (1994). The games are playable in their original format and a new widescreen format that removes lives. Origin adds additional game modes and missions, which allow players to unlock content in an in-game museum.
Origins are conceived following the release of the 2020 Sonic film; due to the influx of new fans, Sonic Team head Takashi Iizuka wanted to make the older Sonic games available on modern hardware. It was primarily developed at Sega, though Simon Thomley, who worked on Sonic Mania (2017), developed to remaster of Sonic 3 & Knuckles. A portion of the Sonic 3 soundtrack was replaced with rearrangements by Jun Senoue, following speculation of licensing problems arising from Michael Jackson's involvement with Sonic 3.
Origins are released for the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S on June 23, 2022, the series' 31st anniversary. It received generally favorable reviews; critics praised the enhancements and presentation, but criticized the downloadable content, replaced music in Sonic 3, lack of features, and additional bugs not present in the original games.
Content
Sonic Origins compiles and remasters the first four platform games in Sega's Sonic the Hedgehog series—Sonic the Hedgehog (1991), Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (1992), Sonic CD (1993), and Sonic the Hedgehog 3 & Knuckles (1994)—originally released for the Sega Genesis and the Sega CD. The player controls Sonic the Hedgehog, Miles "Tails" Prower, and Knuckles the Echidna as they attempt to stop Doctor Robotnik from stealing the Chaos Emeralds. They traverse side-scrolling levels at high speeds while collecting rings, defeating enemies and bosses, and finding secrets. Unlike the originals, the player can control Tails and Knuckles in any game, with the exception of Knuckles in Sonic CD. The "Blue Spheres" minigame from Sonic 3 & Knuckles is also included, along with an all new version called New Blue Spheres, which added additional sphere types from Sonic Mania (2017).
Origin features two versions of each game: "classic mode" is the original format, presented in 4:3, while "anniversary mode" features support for widescreen displays, removes lives, and allows Sonic to use the "drop dash" from Sonic Mania. Both modes use the Retro Engine version of each game, aside of the emulation of the original game in classic mode. A "story mode" allows players to play through the four games sequentially in anniversary mode, with new animated cutscenes that bridge their stories, which are also seen when launching each game in either mode. New modes include a boss rush mode; a mirror mode that reverses the level layouts; and a mission mode featuring 60 additional standalone challenges, such as collecting a target number of rings within a time limit or reaching the goal without destroying any enemies.
An in-game museum allows players to view a collection of music, artwork, and videos, including the Sonic Mania Adventures animated shorts originally released in 2018. Players can unlock additional museum content, such as music arrangements from later games, concept art, and cutscene animatics, by completing in-game achievements or spending coins earned through gameplay. Coins can also be spent on additional attempts in Special Stages. Players who pre-ordered the game started with 100 coins and mirror mode unlocked. Menu aesthetics, a set of 11 harder missions, and tracks from Sonic Spinball (1993), Knuckles' Chaotix (1995) and Sonic 3D Blast (1996) for the museum music player are available as downloadable content (DLC).
Development
Sonic Origins was conceived alongside Sonic Colors: Ultimate (2021) following the release of the 2020 Sonic film. Because the film brought many new fans, Sonic Team head Takashi Iizuka wanted to make older Sonic games available on modern formats. Iizuka noted that though they are frequently rereleased via emulation, they felt "retro" on modern displays due to their 4:3 aspect ratios; he wanted Origins to modernize them with widescreen support and new features to appeal to both new and longtime fans. Sonic Mania encouraged Sonic Team that there was still an audience for 2D Sonic games and the series' 30th anniversary provided the "perfect" opportunity to develop a compilation.
The compilation was developed internally at Sega, which handled the presentation and consolidation of the included games. The remasters of Sonic the Hedgehog, Sonic 2, and Sonic CD are based on the remakes made in the Retro Engine released between 2011 and 2013; Christian Whitehead, creator of the Retro Engine, updated it to allow the remakes to run in a compilation. The Origins team prioritized the main Sonic series, so they did not consider including other 2D Sonic games, such as those released for the Game Gear, Knuckles' Chaotix, and the Sonic Advance series. Powerhouse Animation Studios produced the new cutscenes with longtime Sonic artist Tyson Hesse, with a script written by Sonic comic book writer Ian Flynn and featuring arranged music by Sonic Mania composer Tee Lopes.
Simon Thomley and his studio Headcannon, who worked on the Retro Engine remakes and Sonic Mania, developed the Origins remaster of Sonic 3 & Knuckles. Thomley said he was contracted to develop to remaster separately from Origins. The compilation marks Sonic 3 & Knuckles first rerelease since 2011, following speculation that soundtrack licensing problems arising from Michael Jackson's involvement with Sonic 3 were preventing new releases. As Sega was unable to use the soundtrack for Origins, Sonic Team composer Jun Senoue rearranged several tracks originally written for Sonic 3 prior to Jackson's involvement; they were previously featured in the 1997 Sonic & Knuckles Collection for Windows.
Thomley said he and the Headcannon team were unhappy with the version of Origins that Sega released, and that it did not represent Headcannon's work. He said they developed the Sonic 3 & Knuckles remaster under crunch conditions for a strict deadline, that Sega would not delay it, and that Sega had introduced bugs when integrating it in Origins. According to Thomley, the Headcannon team "were outsiders creating a separate project that was then wrangled into something entirely different".
Release
Sonic Origins was announced during a livestream commemorating the Sonic franchise's 30th anniversary on May 27, 2021, and was released on June 23, 2022—the series' 31st anniversary—for the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S. Prior to release, Sega delisted the existing versions of the games from most digital stores. The move received criticism on video game preservation grounds and for preventing consumers from choosing their preferred versions. It was compared to Rockstar Games delisting Grand Theft Auto games before the release of the compilation Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy – The Definitive Edition (2021), a decision that was reversed following backlash.
Reception
According to review aggregator Metacritic, Sonic Origins received "mixed or average" reviews for Microsoft Windows; it received "generally favorable reviews" for the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S.
Zoey Handley of Destructoid felt that the compilation was lacking and lamented the lack of more substantial additions, writing: "The whole idea behind the new collection was apparently to 'modernize' the games; moving them into a new engine rather than simply emulating them. If that's the case, why stop with widescreen?" Brian Shea of Game Informer, by contrast, praised the enhancements made to the Anniversary mode, writing, "The Sonic Origins package is terrific overall... Having the best versions of the classic Sonic saga in one bundle is supremely satisfying." Heidi Kemps (GameSpot) and Stephen Tailby (Push Square) felt that while the additions made to the compilation justified the purchase for fans, its lackluster presentation and unnecessary downloadable content hindered Origins' overall quality.
Kemps noted that "even the recreations of the games themselves have some issues, with strange bugs that weren't present in the originals". John Linneman of Eurogamer also criticized the bugs, stating "most aren't game breaking, but the sheer number of them impact the overall experience", specifically mentioning a recurring bug in Sonic 2 that made Tails get stuck as the player progresses through the level. Jacob Bukacek of Hardcore Gamer felt that the new versions "aren't all that much better than the originals" and that the compilation "doesn't manage to justify the price tag". TJ Denzer of Shacknews was more forgiving, praising the added museum, Boss Rush mode, tight controls, and remaster quality, but disliked the lack of multiple saves and console commands.
Sam Machkovech of Ars Technica criticized the downloadable content, lack of a rewind or save state option, and the delisting of the existing versions from most digital stores, calling it "a tragic example of good classics ruined by greed". Regarding the game's lack of bonus content, VentureBeat Mike Minotti wrote that "compared to, say, the 3D explorable world with its multiple media museums from Sonic Jam, it's a bit bare", but concluded that "a few oddities aside, these are fantastic remasters. Even if you're a Sonic fan who already owns these games in other compilations, Origins is worth it."
Sonic 3 replaced music received criticism. Destructoid said the replacement tracks "just feel wrong" and were inconsistent with the rest of the soundtrack, and Ars Technica said they did not compare well to the original tracks. Game Informer felt they stripped the levels of their nostalgic feel, but that replacing the music was better than omitting Sonic 3 entirely.
Notes
References
External links
Official website
2022 video games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 5 games
Sega video game compilations
Sonic the Hedgehog video games
Windows games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
A map analysis is a study regarding map types, i.e. political maps, military maps, contour lines etc., and the unique physical qualities of a map, i.e. scale, title, legend etc.
It is also a way of decoding the message and symbols of the map and placing it within its proper spatial and cultural context.
Cartography
Animal Room is a 1995 American thriller drama film directed, produced, and written by Craig Singer and starring Neil Patrick Harris as a bullied drug-using teenager and Matthew Lillard as the bully who loves to torment Harris's character. The film is referred to as a modernized version of A Clockwork Orange and features an appearance from the punk rock band Misfits.
Cast
Neil Patrick Harris as Arnold Mosk
Matthew Lillard as Doug Van Housen
Catherine Hicks as Mrs. Mosk
Amanda Peet as Debbie
Gabriel Olds as Gary Trancer
Michael Torpey as Shelly's brother
Brian Vincent as Eddie LeMaster
Stephen Pearlman as Principal Jones
References
External links
1995 films
1990s thriller drama films
American thriller drama films
1990s English-language films
Films about drugs
American independent films
Films shot in New Jersey
1995 drama films
1995 independent films
1990s American films
Enyalioides feiruzae is a species of wood lizard in the genus Enyalioides, from the Peruvian Yungas.
Male members of the species are distinguished for their colourful "kaleidoscope" scales, while females generally possess green to brown scales. The species was named after a female pet green iguana, Feiruz, by Catherine Thomson, a Michigan resident who financially supports biodiversity and conservation research.
References
Reptiles described in 2021
Lizards of South America
Reptiles of Peru
Enyalioides
Laemolyta is a genus of headstander found in the Orinoco and Amazon Basins in South America.
Species
There are currently nine recognized species in this genus:
Laemolyta fasciata N. E. Pearson, 1924
Laemolyta fernandezi G. S. Myers, 1950
Laemolyta garmani (Borodin, 1931)
Laemolyta macra Géry, 1974
Laemolyta nitens (Garman, 1890)
Laemolyta orinocensis (Steindachner, 1879)
Laemolyta proxima (Garman, 1890)
Laemolyta taeniata (Kner, 1858)
Laemolyta varia (Garman, 1890)
References
Anostomidae
Taxa named by Edward Drinker Cope
Fish of South America
Ghalati () is a 2019 Pakistani romantic drama television series premiered on ARY Digital on December 19, 2019. It is directed by Saba Hameed and written by Asma Sayani. Produced by Humayun Saeed under Six Sigma Plus, it stars Hira Mani and Affan Waheed.
Plot
The show revolves around the life of Zaira and Saad, a married couple whose marriage life deteriorates quickly due to Saad's anger and constant threatening of divorcing her which ends up happening knowingly yet unknowingly by Saad. Zaitoon (Saad's mother) always takes it upon herself to start problems between Saad and Zaira because she feels that Zaira is dangerous as she is educated and strong headed girl.
Cast
Hira Mani as Zaira
Affan Waheed as Saad
Anoushay Abbasi as Maira
Faris Shafi as Sohail
Mehar Bano as Shanzay
Sana Askari as Aliyah
Saba Hameed as Zaitoon; Saad's mother
Fareeda Shabbir as Samina; Zaitoon's sister
Saba Faisal as Nafeesa; Zaira's mother
Shehryar Zaidi as Shabbir; Zaira's father
Natalia Awais as Guriya; Saad's cousin
Usama Khan as Fahad
Soundtrack
The original soundtrack is sung by Nabeel Shaukat Ali and composed by Naveed Nashad on lyrics of Imran Raza. Reviewer from The News International wrote, "With Naveed Nashad's gripping OST and Imran Raza's lyrics, one can get a song that can be listened to whenever mood is down".
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official website
Pakistani drama television series
Urdu-language television shows
ARY Digital original programming
2019 Pakistani television series debuts
Dániel Lukács (born 3 April 1996) is a Hungarian football player who plays for Kecskeméti TE.
Career
Budapest Honvéd
On 28 November 2015, Lukács played his first match for Budapest Honvéd in a 3-2 win against Békéscsaba in the Hungarian League.
Club statistics
Updated to games played as of 19 May 2019.
References
External links
Profile at MLSZ
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Budapest
Hungarian footballers
Association football forwards
Rákospalotai EAC footballers
Budapest Honvéd FC players
Budapest Honvéd FC II players
Újpest FC players
Tiszakécske FC footballers
Kecskeméti TE players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Dalasýsla () was one of the pre-1988 traditional Counties of Iceland, located in the Western Region of the country. Its only town is Búðardalur.
The county had a rich history dating back to the first settlers of Iceland. Leif Erikson grew up in Dalasýsla in the 10th century, and Árni Magnússon, scholar and collector of manuscripts, was born at Kvennabrekka in Dalasýsla in 1663.
The poet, historian, and politician Snorri Sturluson was born at the farm of . Painter Helgi Fríðjónsson was born in Búðardalur on March 7, 1953.
External links
Counties of Iceland
Western Region (Iceland)
The following is a list of notable botanical scientific journals.
General botany
The following table is a list of scientific journals publishing articles on many areas of botany.
Agronomy and horticulture
The following table is a list of botany journals specialising in agronomy, including crop science and horticulture.
Dendrology
the following table is a list of journals that specialize in publishing articles on dendrology.
Plant pathology
The following table is a list of botany journals specializing in plant pathology.
Review journals
The following table is a list of botany journals that contain collections of review papers about general plant science.
Botany
Botany journals
Patrick Lyon of Auchterhouse (1669 – 13 November 1715) was a Scottish politician.
He was the second son of Patrick Lyon, 3rd Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and his wife Helen, daughter of John Middleton, 1st Earl of Middleton. He married his second cousin Margaret, daughter of James Carnegie of Finhaven, but they had no children.
He represented the barons of Forfarshire in the last Parliament of Scotland, 1702 to 1707. He was killed fighting on the Jacobite side at the Battle of Sheriffmuir.
References
Patrick Cracroft-Brennan, Strathmore and Kinghorne, Earl of (S, 1606). Retrieved 15 November 2011.
John Foster, Members of Parliament, Scotland (London and Aylesbury, 1882), p. 221
Shire Commissioners to the Parliament of Scotland
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1702–1707
Politics of Angus, Scotland
Scottish soldiers
Scottish Jacobites
18th-century soldiers
18th-century Scottish politicians
18th-century Scottish people
Patrick
Younger sons of earls
1669 births
1715 deaths
Marilyn John is an American politician serving as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from the 2nd district. John previously served as the mayor of Shelby, Ohio and was a member of the Richland County Commission.
Early life and education
Growing up, John was encouraged to participate in politics by her family while attending Plymouth High School. After graduating, she enrolled in an associate's program at North Central State College and an MBA program at Ashland University. She later founded the Leader Richland program to prepare elementary school students for a college setting. In recognition of her efforts, John was the recipient of the 2019 OACC Distinguished Alumnus Award.
Career
After earning her MBA, John began working as an underwriter at Shelby Insurance Company and as the executive director of the Shelby Senior Center. She was then elected mayor of Shelby, Ohio after defeating Cohen Lewis and Bill Freytag in the general election with 1,120 votes. During her first term as mayor, John said she would prioritize improving communications within the administration and between the city and community. She was re-elected for a second term in 2011 before resigning in 2014 to accept her election as Richland County commissioner. Prior to her resignation, she was the recipient of the Elected Official of the Year Award by the Area Agency on Aging.
During her tenure as Richland County commissioner, John helped establish a "rainy day" fund, stabilized carryover funds, and create a ﬁve-year capital improvements plan. Before her term as commissioner expired, John was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives on November 3, 2020, after defeating Sam Grady. She assumed office on January 4, 2021.
Personal life
John and her husband Kevin have two children together and attend Crossroads Community Church. While living in Miami County, she taught yoga at a fitness studio for four years.
References
External links
Living people
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio Republicans
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Women state legislators in Ohio
Ashland University alumni
Mayors of places in Ohio
Women mayors of places in Ohio
People from Shelby, Ohio
Year of birth missing (living people)
Temecla is a genus of Neotropical hairstreak butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Temecla tema (Hewitson, 1867) Brazil (Amazon), Colombia.
Temecla paron (Godman & Salvin, [1887]) Guatemala.
Temecla heraclides (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
Temecla sergius (Godman & Salvin, [1887]) Venezuela, Colombia.
Temecla bennetti (Dyar, 1913) Peru
Temecla peona (Hewitson, 1874)
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Du glucose pour Noémie, written and drawn by Fournier, is the twentyfirst album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the author's second, following the Spirou retirement of André Franquin. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine before it was published, along with the short story Un faux départ, as a hardcover album in 1971.
Story
In Glucose for Noémie, the story continues where Le champignon nippon of the previous album left off. Ito Kata, a well-known Japanese conjuror, has entrusted Spirou and Fantasio with a special mushroom which he wants them to take back to their friend the Count of Champignac, a leading mycologist. The mushroom is also coveted by the Triangle, a SPECTRE-like, world-spanning criminal organization.
Having escaped the Triangle's agents, Spirou and Fantasio stand stunned at Tokyo airport when they find the parcel they were transporting empty...
In A False Departure, Spip is determined to run away from home.
Background
This album offers no explanation of Marsupilami's sudden absence (see Le faiseur d'or).
Ito Kata would become a regular secondary character during Fournier's run on the series.
References
Fournier publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Glucose pour Noemie, Du
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1971 books
1971 in comics
Comics set in Japan
Japan in non-Japanese culture
Colonel Kekhashru Maneksha Mistry (7 November 187422 July 1959) was an Indian cricketer who was a member of the first all-Indian cricket team to tour England in 1911. A left-handed batsman and a left-arm bowler, he was considered one of India's first all-rounders. Mistry was a member of the Parsees cricket team in the Bombay Presidency tournaments and also played for the Maharaja of Patiala's team.
Mistry was an aide to the maharaja, Bhupinder Singh of Patiala, an association that continued until the maharaja's death, and was referred to as the 'grand old man of Indian cricket'.
Biography
Mistry was born on 7 November 1874 in Bombay, then in British India, into a Parsee family.
Mistry toured England with the first all-Indian side led by the 19-year-old Maharaja Bhupinder Singh of Patiala in 1911. He was the maharaja's aide-de-camp during the tour and was forced to return to India with him mid-way after the maharaja's surgery for tonsillitis. He only played in three of the tour matches, scoring 78 runs in an innings against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's. In the Wisden report on the tour the almanack wrote that "a better result might have been obtained if Mistry – unquestionably a high-class batsman – had been able to play right through the summer."
Mistry had served the previous Maharaja of Patiala, Rajinder Singh. Following the maharaja's death, the British government in India acted quickly and took charge of the succession of the nine-year-old Bhupinder Singh. Major James Dunlop Smith was appointed to manage the affairs of the young maharaja and removed all of the previous maharajah's appointees except Mistry, who had been the guardian of Bhupinder Singh. Mistry stayed on in this position after being deemed trustworthy and of 'sound' disposition by the British officials. The young prince also took a liking to Mistry and the association would continue into the maharajah's playing years.
In addition to representing the all-Indian cricket team, Mistry was a member of the Parsees cricket team in the Bombay Presidency tournament and played for the Maharaja of Patiala's side. He scored at least one double century for Patiala, though the matches did not enjoy first-class status. His highest score was 255 runs, scored in 1898 against Ambala, an innings which included a 376-run partnership with Ranjitsinhji. He was a left-handed batsman and a left-arm bowler, and was considered one of India's first all-rounders.
Mistry continued playing into his fifties, including captaining the second all-India team against the visiting MCC side led by Arthur Gilligan in 1926. Mistry scored a half-century with his innings being described by The Times of India as 'great and courageous'. His eighth-wicket partnership with D. B. Deodhar helped the team draw the game. He played his last Bombay Quadrangular tournament game in 1927/28 captaining the Parsees against the Muslims and scored 36 runs in his last innings.
After his retirement, he was an umpire, and chairman of the Indian selection committee. He remained a close aide to the Maharaja of Patiala until Singh's death in 1938. Mistry was referred to as the 'grand old man of Indian cricket' and as the 'Clem Hill of Indian cricket', a reference to the Australian cricketer Clem Hill, a name that was given to him by Ranjitsinhji. In his book Stray Thoughts on Indian Cricket, J. M. Framjee Patel quoted English cricketers J. T. Hearne and Bill Brockwell as having compared his play to that of Ranji, going on to say "he seems to attain the maximum of power with the minimum of exertion".
Mistry died on 22 July 1959 in Bombay. He was aged 84.
Notes
References
External links
Kekhashru Mistry at CricHQ
1874 births
1959 deaths
Parsees cricketers
Indian cricketers
Members of the first Indian cricket team to tour England in 1911
Cricketers from Mumbai
Carlo J. Caparas' Ang Panday () is a 2017 Filipino superhero fantasy action film based on the eponymous comic book character created by Carlo J. Caparas along with his co-creator Steve Gan. Serving as the seventh installment of the Panday series, the film is directed and produced by Coco Martin, who also stars in the title role.
The film serves as an official entry to the 2017 Metro Manila Film Festival, and marks Martin's directorial debut under his real name, Rodel Nacianceno. The film received mixed reviews.
Plot
Flavio II and his wife Carmen take care of their newborn baby boy, whom they dream of becoming the next heroic legend. They offer the pious Rosa Batungbakal to take care of him, but the malevolent Lizardo's unlatched spirit and his goons attack the unprotected house. Rosa takes the newborn to the church to offer guidance from a priest while Flavio fends off the goons. Flavio gets stabbed and dies after fighting the spirit, who vows to rule the world.
The newborn baby later grew up to be Flavio Batungbakal III, a gangster who ambushes bandits around the market in Tondo, only to get apprehended by the police. Flavio is released from prison, and his stepfather Andoy warns him not to cause havoc around the streets anymore. He lives a comfortable life along with his family and regularly meets with Maria, a beautiful woman with whom he admits being smitten, although her parents disapprove of him. Meanwhile, a new human form of Lizardo appears in the shadows alongside his father. He is strongly attracted to Maria and craves to be with her. A beauty contest competition nearby is under way, which goes awry.
Citizens turn into aswangs and secretly devise a plot to destroy Flavio's hometown, and replace it with their own. During the cataclysm, an aswang disguised as a dog bites one of Flavio's younger brother, Diego, who insists that the injury is minor. Lizardo successfully latch onto his human form, making him the leader of the aswangs planning to rule the country. Flavio realizes that he is being followed by an old man holding a magical book which contains a mysterious power. When the old man tells him about the real existence of the aswangs, he threatens him by pulling out his butterfly knife out of disbelief. An aswang suddenly appears, which the two men defeat. The old man realizes that Flavio is the only known person of his bloodline capable of stopping Lizardo and his army.
Flavio is handed a map and starts his quest by riding a bus to search for the mythical dagger. While embarking through the forest, its surroundings suddenly changes into a magical kingdom. He encounters several dwarves, whom he asks about the location of the dagger. After seeing a diwata, Flavio asks the king and queen where the dagger is. He challenges a skilled swordsman, whom he defeats, and retrieves the dagger in a cave. He summons the dagger upwards, creating a shockwave which turns it into a double-edged sword, the sword of his grandfather, the original Panday.
He returns to Tondo and wields his grandfather's sword to defeat most of the aswangs in the hospital, train station and several communities. Diego is severely infected from one of the creature's bite and would later turn into a monster. Although distressed from his brother's plight, Flavio continues to defend the city but gets fatally stabbed by Lizardo. He falls into a coma, but is resurrected and healed by the old man. He embarks into a highland and is informed that he is not ready to fight Lizardo unless he undergoes a training and forge his sword. After his successful training, he is summoned into a desert world where he fights numerous goons. The voice of darkness enhances Lizardo's power to ensure he would win. As the voice of darkness disappears, Flavio battles Lizardo in a sword fight, which he wins after stabbing Lizardo in his weak spot to death.
Flavio visits the church with his family and Maria to commemorate their victory against Lizardo. He vows to continue saving the world from further malevolent threats.
Cast
Coco Martin as Flavio Batungbakal III
The grandson of the original blacksmith born in the urban ghetto of Tondo; a tough gang leader but apathetic when it comes to his grandmother. Family is always his priority while also being keen on becoming the king of the slums of Tondo.
Jeric Raval as Flavio Batungbakal II <ref
name="pandaywebsite"/>
The father of Flavio III and the son of Flavio Sr..
Eddie Garcia as Lucifer <ref
name="pandaywebsite"/>
A demonic spirit who gives the new Lizardo ultimate and supreme power.
Jake Cuenca as Lizardo Montemayor
The False Prophet and the descendant of prevoius Lizardo
Elisse Joson as Rowena
The responsible sister in the Batungbakal household who helps Lola Rosa in keeping the family together. She is very vocal on her disgust to Flavio's gang activities.
Arjo Atayde as the Previous Lizardo <ref
name="pandaywebsite"/>
Lizardo's previous form and he is the one who killed Flavio II.
Gloria Romero as Rosa Batungbakal
A former midwife who took care of Flavio. She did not have any children so she adopted abandoned kids and gave them a family. A loving woman, religious and very firm when it comes to disciplining her adopted children.
Dimples Romana as Carmen Batungbakal
The mother of Flavio.
Jaime Fabregas as Andoy Batungbakal
The adoptive father of Flavio who raised him in a firm way.
Awra Briguela as Diego
Flavio's younger brother who flaunts a tough stance to cover up on his being homosexual.
Julio Diaz as Primo
Andoy's brother and Flavio's partner-in-crime
Nayomi "Heart" Ramos as Ella
The perky sister of Flavio who is persistent and very inquisitive.
Enzo "Bingo" Pelojero as Itoy
The worrisome and pessimistic amongst the brood who is always anxious for his big brother Flavio.
James "Paquito" Sagarino as Empoy
The young troublemaker in the family who plays tough cookie and acts like a sidekick to his brother and idol Flavio.
Cesar Montano as Police C/Insp. Erwin Rivera
A police chief officer in Tondo for mission order of his police members for manhunt operations against Lizardo's henchmen
Jhong Hilario as Sword Guard
Flavio faced him to get the sword
Carmi Martin as Delilah
The mother of Maria who dislikes Flavio.
Mariel de Leon as Maria
Flavio's love interest.
John Medina as SPO3 Dela Cruz
He is one of the police officers in Tondo.
Lito Lapid as Apo
He is the one who trains Flavio III to be ready to fight with Lizardo.
McCoy de Leon as Caloy
A reluctant gang member who falls in love with the leader's sister Rowena.
Michael De Mesa as Eduardo Montemayor
the father of Antonio, the present host of Lizardo.
Albert Martinez as the King of the Engkantos
the ruler of the Kingdom of the Engkantos.
Additional cast was also unveiled in Martin's Instagram profile, while they are on the press conference for the announcement: Agot Isidro, Al Vaughn Chier Tuliao, Albert Martinez, Alvin Anson, Ana de Leon, Benj Manalo, Carlos Morales, Dennis Padilla, Ejay Falcon, Epy Quizon, Jay Manalo, Jeff Tam, Jeffrey Santos, Jethro Ramirez, John Prats, John Regala, Joko Diaz, Joonee Gamboa, Kylie Verzosa, Lester Llansang, Long Mejia, Marc Solis, Mark Lapid, Michael De Mesa, Michael Roy Jornales, Mon Confiado, Onyok Pineda, Phoebe Walker, PJ Endrinal, Rhian "Dang" Ramos, Shantel Crislyn Layh "Ligaya" Nugyo, Vhong Navarro,Zaijian Jaranilla, Smugglaz, and Bassilyo.
Production
Announcement
On April 11, 2017, after winning a Face Sounds Familiar: Kids contest, child actor and comedian Awra Briguela stated that he has a new upcoming movie with lead actor Coco Martin. There were no official details revealed including the start of the film's production, and has yet to be titled.
Development
On April 25, 2017, it was announced that a new Panday reboot is in its development stage when Coco Martin was granted the rights from Carlo J. Caparas to green-light the film, which he will star and direct. The upcoming film of Coco Martin and Awra Briguela turned out to be the second reboot of Ang Panday, which was shown by Briguela, featuring and starring in a supporting role. This is the second time Martin will portray the role first envisioned by Fernando Poe Jr., the first being the twin brothers Ador and Cardo (Kardo in the film version) in the television adaptation of Ang Probinsyano.
Pre-production
Production on Ang Panday began on June 22, 2017 when Martin posted a picture of him holding a whiteboard with an establishing shot label along with his production crew. The working title was under the name "Panday". Before production began, Martin went to Manila North Cemetery to pay respect to the grave of Poe Jr. so he can get some assistance. He wanted his direction be inspired by prominent Filipino directors such as Mike De Leon and Lino Brocka.
On July 4, 2017, Martin confirmed the complete set of cast for the film. He revealed that Binibining Pilipinas International candidate Mariel de Leon would co-star in the film as Martin's leading lady, along with some of his co-stars in Ang Probinsyano, including Onyok Pineda and Awra Briguela.
On July 24, Jake Cuenca was cast as the key villain Lizardo.
On September 27, Martin has announced that one more beauty queen will be joining the Ang Panday cast besides Mariel de Leon. It was revealed on November 9, 2017 that Kylie Verzosa is the new beauty queen that joined the cast.
Filming
Principal photography began on July 9, 2017. On July 20, a video clip of Martin on the set of the film was posted on the actor's Instagram account. During filming, Cuenca was also given advice by lead actor and director Coco Martin on how to accomplish things correctly. Carlo J. Caparas was also involved in production by the said film, and he is open to random ideas for Coco Martin. Filming wrapped on October 25, 2017.
Soundtrack
On August 18, Filipino rapper and songwriter Gloc-9 posted in his Facebook account that he will write a song about a man who creates swords. On September 25, Gloc-9 shared an Instagram post by Coco Martin stating that the title of the theme song will be Ang Panday and the song will feature Ebe Dancel. The song was finally released on November 24, 2017 through digital platforms such as Spotify and Apple Music.
On November 24, the official music video for Peksman (an original song by the band Siakol) was uploaded on YouTube while the song was released on December 1. The song was sung by the movie's director, main cast and producer Coco Martin featuring Zaito, Basilyo, Jeff Tam, Smugglaz and Shernan. Also featuring FlipTop rappers Bassilyo, Smugglaz, Zaito, and Shernan, another single from the film was released entitled Mas Liligaya Ang Pasko with Coco Martin as its main artist. The song was released on December 15.
Release
The film is scheduled to be released on December 25, 2017 as an official submission entry of 2017 Metro Manila Film Festival. The official poster of Ang Panday was released on November 17, 2017; alongside another competing 2017 Metro Manila Film Festival entry, Gandarrapiddo: The Revenger Squad.
Box office
Ang Panday along with Gandarrapiddo: The Revenger Squad had a combined box office gross of ₱125 million in the opening day of the MMFF. It was later reported that Ang Panday was the second most sold film in the box office during the official run of the 2017 Metro Manila Film Festival grossing behind The Revenger Squad. At the end of its box office run, the film grossed .
Critical response
The film drew mixed reviews from critics. Wanggo Gallaga of News5 wrote, "It's a huge story that keeps jumping from subplot to subplot. It's audacious in its presentation of this narrative." He added that it fails to live up to the audacity and bigness of its ambitions, the film scores 8.5 out of 10 via critics and audiences.
Accolades
Other media
A new tie-in game has been announced for release on iOS and Android. The game's plot involves Flavio on a quest to travel through different worlds and retrieve the powerful sword of Panday, while saving the world from evil forces.
Notes
References
External links
Panday
2017 films
2010s fantasy action films
Epic fantasy films
Filipino-language films
Films based on Philippine comics
Films shot in Manila
Philippine epic films
Philippine fantasy action films
Star Cinema films
Viva Films films
2017 directorial debut films
The Rural Municipality of Maryfield No. 91 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 1 and Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Maryfield No. 91 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 9, 1912.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Villages
Fairlight
Maryfield
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Localities
Ryerson
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Maryfield No. 91 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Maryfield No. 91 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Attractions
Maryfield holds an annual indoor rodeo in July.
Government
The RM of Maryfield No. 91 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Thursday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Cameron Thompson while its administrator is Daphne Brady. The RM's office is located in Maryfield.
References
M
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
Emil Nofal (1926 – 18 July 1986) was a South African film director, producer and screenwriter.
Selected filmography
Director
Song of Africa (1951)
Kimberley Jim (1965)
Wild Season (1967)
My Way (1973)
The Super-Jocks (1980)
Actor
All the Way to Paris (1965)
References
External links
1926 births
1986 deaths
South African film directors
South African film producers
South African screenwriters
20th-century screenwriters
The Thomas I. Stoner House in Des Moines, Iowa, also known as The Highlands, was designed by Wetherell & Harrison and was built in 1931. It includes elements of Spanish Eclectic and Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture. It overlooks the Waveland Golf Course and it has a ceramic tile roof.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. It was deemed significant for its architecture, as "an excellent, virtually unaltered example of the Spanish eclectic style."
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Houses completed in 1931
Houses in Des Moines, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Des Moines, Iowa
La Negra, Spanish for The Black Woman, may refer to:
People
La Negra Carlota (died 1844), enslaved Cuban woman and rebel leader
Caridad la Negra (1879–1960), Spanish prostitute and madam
Isabel la Negra (died 1974), Puerto-Rican brothel owner
Arminda Aberastury (1910–1972), Argentine psychoanalyst
Toña la Negra (1912–1982), Mexican singer and actress
Mercedes Sosa (1935–2009), Argentine singer
Antonia La Negra (c. 1935–2018), Spanish cantaora and bailaora
Amanda Peralta (1939–2009), Argentine guerrilla and historian in Sweden
Amara La Negra (born 1990), American singer and entertainer
Places
La Negra (industrial complex), an industrial complex and village near Antofagasta, Chile
Sierra Negra, an extinct volcano in the state of Puebla, Mexico
Other uses
"El Son de la Negra", a famous Mexican folk song in the son jaliscense style
La Negra Formation, a geological formation in Chile
La Negrada, a 2018 Mexican film
La Négresse (1952–53), by Henri Matisse
John William Garrett, Jr. (born c. 1961) in Huntington, West Virginia, was a Chief Warrant Officer in the United States Army. He was deployed to Germany where he was on board the Army's UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters. He was participating in Operation Provide Comfort when his helicopter was shot down.
John Jr. grew up in the Huntington area, where he attended St. Joseph High School. His high school teachers recalled that he seemed interested in the military early on. Some of his heroes were the Wright Brothers, Chuck Yeager, and John Glenn. His love for flight history and travel made the Air Force a natural fit for him.
John Garrett Jr. was married and had a daughter. The family later moved to Wurzburg, Germany, where they were stationed at the time of his tragic accident. ("State Native's Love of Flying Recalled," Charleston Daily Mail, 15 April 1994.)
The 1994 Black Hawk shootdown incident, sometimes referred to as the Black Hawk Incident, was a friendly fire incident over northern Iraq that occurred on 14 April 1994 during Operation Provide Comfort (OPC). Colonel Jerry Thompson was changing command (or co-command as “command” of Provide Comfort was shared with Turkey). Colonel Thompson assembled 26 people that comprised important (command group) roles for the mission. He included French, British, and Turkish commanders and laisons, and brought along Kurdish para-military personnel and linguists. The pilots of two United States Air Force (USAF) F-15 fighter aircraft, operating under the control of a USAF airborne warning and control system (AWACS) aircraft, misidentified two United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters as Iraqi Mil Mi-24 "Hind" helicopters. The F-15 pilots fired on and destroyed both helicopters, killing all 26 military and civilians aboard, including personnel from the United States, United Kingdom, France, Turkey, and the Kurdish community.
Through a collaborative effort of artists, victims, and donors, The Eagle Flight Detachment Memorial Monument, a monument to the 26 victims of the shootdown was constructed at Giebelstadt Army Airfield, Germany and dedicated on 14 April 1996. After U.S. military presence ceased at Giebelstadt, due to base closures, the monument was moved to Fort Rucker, Alabama on 10 March 2006, and rededicated on 14 April 2007.
References
United States Army officers
1960s births
1994 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Military personnel from Huntington, West Virginia
Craig Walton (born 10 October 1975 in Ulverstone, Tasmania) is an Australian triathlete.
Walton competed in the triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took twenty-seventh place with a total time of 1:50:57.66.
Walton was a powerful swimmer and strong cyclist. He typically established a large lead coming into the run leg but was frequently caught by faster runners before the finish.
He enjoyed significantly more success in non-drafting events such as Noosa triathlon, which he won 7 times and for which he holds the course record.
Walton was coach to Emma Moffatt and to his longtime partner, Emma Snowsill.
External links
Craig Walton at sports-reference.com
http://www.ironman.com/triathlon/events/asiapac/multisports/noosa/results/honour-roll.aspx#axzz2mA6vR4SP
http://www.mysunshinecoast.com.au/articles/article-display/champion-triathlete-craig-walton-announces-noosa-comeback,18698#.UppJyX8ayK0
1975 births
Living people
Australian male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Australia
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Ulverstone, Tasmania
Royal Society of Queensland
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument is a U.S. national monument spanning of mountains and forestland in northern Penobscot County, Maine, including a section of the East Branch Penobscot River. The monument is located on the eastern border of Maine's Baxter State Park. Native animals include moose, bobcats, bald eagles, salmon, and Canada lynx.
History
Roxanne Quimby, a co-founder of US company Burt's Bees, and her foundation, Elliotsville Plantation, Inc., began purchasing land near Baxter State Park in 2001 before formally announcing their plans in 2011 that the land would one day become part of a national park. However, following opposition by state and federal politicians to the creation of a national park, Quimby changed her focus to a national monument, which could be created with a proclamation by the president under the Antiquities Act. On August 23, 2016, Elliotsville Plantation and the Quimby Family Foundation donated the land (valued at $60 million), plus $20 million to fund initial operations and a commitment of $20 million in future support, to the federal government. On August 24, 2016, the eve of the National Park Service centennial, President Barack Obama proclaimed of land as the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument.
In December, 2020, the Park Service received funding to purchase an additional of land.
Opposition
Many people opposed the monument, with some concerned about federal intrusion into the lands of Northern Maine. One of the most vocal opponents to the creation of the national monument was Paul LePage, who became the state's Governor in January 2011. He called the monument "unilateral action against the will of the people, this time the citizens of rural Maine."
It was suggested that President Donald Trump could act to reverse the creation of the monument, a move local opponents wanted him to consider. Trump was critical of the monument's creation during 2016 campaign appearances in Maine. Supporters of the monument called the potential abolition a "destructive step". United States Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Zinke, did not recommend to President Trump in a December 2017 report for the monument to be shrunk or its creation reversed, instead advising that the monument's management and development plans be slightly changed. Trump ultimately did not make any changes to the monument.
Human settlements
Human settlement in the region dates back 11,000 years, with Native peoples having relied on the woods and its waterways for their livelihood and even transportation. The Penobscot Indian Nation, along with other Wabanaki tribes, still regard the Penobscot River as an important landmark of their culture.
The first recorded European exploration of the region occurred in 1793 with a survey commissioned by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, of which Maine was still a part. Shortly after statehood in 1820, the Maine government began surveying the lands around the current national monument. For over 100 years, from the early 18th century to the late 19th century, logging was the primary industry in the area.
The Maine Woods were made famous by the writings of Henry David Thoreau in the 1850s, and later saw such visitors as Theodore Roosevelt and Maine Governor Percival Baxter, who later designated the lands to the immediate west of the national monument to become Baxter State Park.
Geology
The bedrock of Katahdin Woods and Waters spans over 150 million years of the Paleozoic era, revealing well-intact exposures of Paleozoic rock strata with visible fossils. In the lands west of the Penobscot River's East Branch, volcanic rock from the Devonian period, mostly Katahdin granite and some Traveler rhyolite, is prevalent. The oldest rock in the monument, a light greenish-gray quartzite and slate from the early Cambrian period, which is 500 million years old, can be observed along the riverbank of East Branch at Grand Pitch (a river rapid). This rock is part of the Weeksboro-Lunksoos Lake anticline, a wide upward fold of rocks, evidence of mountain-building tectonics common to that part of the state.
References
External links
National Park Service areas in Maine
Protected areas of Penobscot County, Maine
Protected areas established in 2016
National Monuments designated by Barack Obama
National Monuments in Maine
2016 establishments in Maine
Modryniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Mircze, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Modryniec
Puszcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kamienna Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
SPD Nordrhein-Westfalen is a political party in German state North Rhine-Westphalia and is, with 97,300 members, the biggest state group of Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).
History
Election results
Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia
Structure
Regional organizations of SPD state group:{
Region Westliches Westfalen (Western Westphalia), covering the Regierungsbezirke Arnsberg and Münster
Region Niederrhein (Lower Rhine), covering the Regierungsbezirk Düsseldorf
Region Mittelrhein (Central Rhine), covering the Regierungsbezirk Cologne
Region Ostwestfalen-Lippe (Eastern Westphalia-Lippe), covering the Regierungsbezirk Detmold
The Regions are headgroups of 54 lower state groups (Unterbezirke), each covering either a district-free City (Kreisfreie Stadt) or a District (Kreis).
Chairman
References
Politics of North Rhine-Westphalia
North Rhine-Westphalia
State sections of political parties in Germany
The 2009 NCAA Division II women's basketball tournament was the 28th annual tournament hosted by the NCAA to determine the national champion of Division II women's collegiate basketball in the United States.
Minnesota State defeated Franklin Pierce in the championship game, 103–94, to claim the Mavericks' first NCAA Division II national title.
The championship rounds were contested at Bill Greehey Arena on the campus of the St. Mary's University in San Antonio, Texas.
Regionals
Atlantic - California, Pennsylvania
Location: Hamer Hall Host: California University of Pennsylvania
Midwest - Highland Heights, Kentucky
Location: Regents Hall Host: Northern Kentucky University
Central - Mankato, Minnesota
Location: Taylor Center Host: Minnesota State University, Mankato
East - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Location: Campus Center Gymnasium Host: Holy Family University
South - Cleveland, Mississippi
Location: Walter Sillers Coliseum Host: Delta State University
Southeast - Hickory, North Carolina
Location: Shuford Memorial Gymnasium Host: Lenoir-Rhyne College
South Central - Canyon, Texas
Location: First United Bank Center Site: West Texas A&M University
West - Seattle, Washington
Location: Royal Brougham Pavilion Host: Seattle Pacific University
Elite Eight - San Antonio, Texas
Location: St. Mary's Bill Greehey Arena Host: Saint Mary's University
All-tournament team
Heather Johnson, Minnesota State
Alex Andrews, Minnesota State
Joanne Noreen, Minnesota State
Jennifer Leedham, Franklin Pierce
Johannah Leedham, Franklin Pierce
See also
2009 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament
2009 NCAA Division III women's basketball tournament
2009 NAIA Division I women's basketball tournament
2009 NAIA Division II women's basketball tournament
2009 NCAA Division II men's basketball tournament
References
2009 NCAA Division II women's basketball tournament jonfmorse.com
NCAA Division II women's basketball tournament
2009 in Texas
Basketball in San Antonio
Lardil may refer to:
Lardil people
Lardil language
Trevor Rainbolt (born ), known mononymously as Rainbolt, is an American player of GeoGuessr, an online game where players see a photo from Google Street View and guess what location in the world it is from. He posts videos on TikTok and YouTube. Rainbolt also posts videos identifying where viral videos and music videos were filmed.
Personal life
Rainbolt grew up in Arkansas and attended university for one year at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs before dropping out to work in Los Angeles as a social media strategist for a company that runs sports entertainment accounts on Instagram, TikTok, and Snapchat.
Despite his knowledge of world geography, he has not left the United States besides a cruise he took as a child, and his passport is expired.
Career
Rainbolt posts on TikTok as the username "Georainbolt". He also makes videos on YouTube. Rainbolt started training his GeoGuessr skills during the pandemic by watching for four to five hours every day, studying landmarks like signs and telephone poles, and watching others livestream.
He adds challenge by creating limitations: for example, he guesses the location by seeing a Street View image for only a tenth of a second, with half the image blurred, or with two photos at once. or in black and white, or pixelated. In some videos, he identifies the location while blindfolded with someone else describing the scene to him. He has identified countries based only on viewing the dirt.
References
Social media influencers
Social media accounts
Instagram accounts
Twitter accounts
People from Arkansas
American YouTubers
American_TikTokers
GeoGuessr players
1999 births
Living people
The 1956 Los Angeles State Diablos football team represented Los Angeles State College—now known as California State University, Los Angeles—as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) during the 1956 NCAA College Division football season. Led by sixth-year head coach Leonard Adams, Los Angeles State compiled an overall record of 3–5–1 with a mark of 0–1 in conference play, placing fourth in the CCAA. The Diablos played six home games at three separate sites: three games at Snyder Stadium in Los Angeles, two games East Los Angeles College Stadium in Monterey Park, California, and one game at Reseda High School in Reseda, Los Angeles.
Schedule
References
Los Angeles State
Cal State Los Angeles Diablos football seasons
Los Angeles State Diablos football
The Tetraplosphaeriaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales.
References
Pleosporales
Dothideomycetes families
Taxa described in 2009
Time and Tide (usually derived from the proverb Time and tide wait for no man) may refer to:
Music
Albums
Time and Tide (Greenslade album), 1975
Time and Tide (Basia album), 1987
Time and Tide (Battlefield Band album), 2002
Time and Tide (Split Enz album), 1982
Time and Tide (Steve Ashley album), 2007
Songs
"Time and Tide" (Alan Price song), the theme to the 1982 film The Plague Dogs, sung by Alan Price (of The Animals)
"Time and Tide" (Basia song), a 1987 song from the Time and Tide Basia album
Film
Time and Tide (1916 film), an American silent film by B. Reeves Eason
Time and Tide (1983 film), a Japanese film by Azuma Morisaki
Time and Tide (2000 film), a Hong Kong action film by Tsui Hark
Time & Tide (2006 film), a Tuvaluan documentary film
Other uses
Time and Tide (magazine), a literary magazine published in England between the 1920s and the 1970s
Time and Tide (novel), a 1992 novel by Edna O'Brien
"Time and Tide" (Agent Carter), an episode of the American television series Agent Carter
Ao no 6-gou: Saigetsu Fumahito Time and Tide, a video game released for the Dreamcast and commonly referred to in Western countries by its English language subtitle.
Time and Tide Bell, a public art project in the United Kingdom comprising sculptural bells rung by high tide
See also
Time and Tide Museum, a museum dedicated to the maritime history of Great Yarmouth, Norfolk
Time (disambiguation)
Tide (disambiguation)
"Living in the 70's" is a song by Australian band Skyhooks. Released in August 1974 as their debut and lead single from the band's debut album of the same name. The song peaked at number 28 in Australia. The band performed the song live on Countdown.
In 2018, the song was ranked at number 72 as part of Triple M's "Ozzest 100", the 'most Australian' songs of all time ranking.
Track listing
7" single (K-5628)
Side A "Living in the 70's" - 3:44
Side B "You're a Broken Gin Bottle, Baby" - 4:14
Charts
References
1974 singles
Mushroom Records singles
1974 songs
Songs written by Greg Macainsh
Skyhooks (band) songs
Georg Pettersen (1 September 1803 – 25 June 1879) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1854 and 1857, representing the constituency of Sarpsborg. He worked as both stipendiary magistrate (byfoged), chief of police and postmaster in that city. He served two terms.
References
1803 births
1879 deaths
Norwegian jurists
Members of the Storting
Østfold politicians
People from Sarpsborg
Atsusina is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae. It contains only one species, Atsusina curiosissima, which is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish, mixed pink chiefly along the costa. The costal strigulae are indistinct and cream at the costa. The hindwings are brownish.
Etymology
The genus is named in honour of the late Dr. Atsusi Kawabe who specialized in this group of Olethreutinae. The specific epithet refers to curious male genitalia and is derived from Latin curiosissima (meaning most curious).
See also
List of Tortricidae genera
References
External links
tortricidae.com
Gatesclarkeanini
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
vi:Callibryastis
Florian Guay was a politician in Quebec, Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA).
Background
He was born in Saint-Léon-de-Standon, Quebec on November 23, 1941. Prior to running for office, he was a Social Credit activist and managed a furniture store.
Provincial politics
Guay ran as a candidate of the Ralliement créditiste in the 1970 provincial election and won, becoming the Member of the National Assembly for the district of Dorchester.
During his term of office, the party was plagued by internal divisions. While three MNAs remained loyal to Leader Camil Samson, Guay and the rest of the caucus withdrew their support and appointed Armand Bois as temporary leader, until a leadership convention could determine a new leader.
Eventually, the Samson faction re-joined the party and Yvon Dupuis was chosen as leader. Nonetheless, Guay was defeated and finished third in the district of Beauce-Nord in 1973.
Town politics
Guay was City Councillor from 1974 to 1975 and Mayor from 1975 to 1979 in Saint-Léon-de-Standon.
Retirement
After leaving office, he worked as a building contractor.
See also
History of Quebec
Footnotes
1941 births
Living people
Mayors of places in Quebec
Ralliement créditiste du Québec MNAs
Bilsko or Bílsko may refer to:
Bilsko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, a village in Poland
Bilsko, Lublin Voivodeship, a village in Poland
Bílsko (Olomouc District), a village in the Czech Republic
Bílsko (Strakonice District), a village in the Czech Republic
The Mejorada Ministry was a Spanish government which existed between 11 July 1705 to 15 April 1714. It was headed by Pedro Fernández del Campo y Angulo, Marquis of Mejorada who was appointed by Philip V, Spain's absolute monarch.
This was a transitional time for Spain, following the establishment of a new royal dynasty and Spain's part in the Great European War of the Spanish Succession being waged over the future succession of Spain. Although Mejorda was formally the head of the government, real power was invested in Jean Orry and Marie-Anne de la Trémoille, princesse des Ursins - the royal favourites. Large chunks of Spain were under foreign occupation or refused to support Phillip's claim to the throne, to which Mejorda responded with a program of centralisation.
The Government was replaced in 1714 by the Velasco Ministry following Spain's defeat in the war.
Spanish governments
1705 establishments in Spain
1714 disestablishments in Spain
North Korea competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Athletics
Two North Korean athletes participated at the Rio Games. One is female discus thrower Song Kum-jong.
Men's Track
Women's Field
See also
North Korea at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in North Korean sport
Juan Alonso Hernández Hernández (born 15 November 1960) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2002 to 2003 he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Hidalgo.
References
1960 births
Living people
Politicians from Hidalgo (state)
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Hidalgo (state)
The Vickers Type 143 or Bolivian Scout was a British single-seat fighter biplane designed and built by Vickers in 1929-1930. Six were built for Bolivia in 1930, which used the survivors in the Chaco War against Paraguay.
Design and development
Early in 1929, Bolivia, which was engaged in border disputes with Paraguay over the Gran Chaco region, and was trying to build up its air force, placed an order with Vickers for six fighter aircraft, the Vickers Type 143. The Type 143, or Bolivian Scout, was a development of the earlier Vickers Type 141 fighter, with the Type 141's Rolls-Royce Kestrel engine replaced by a Bristol Jupiter VIA, already powering other aircraft used by the Bolivian Air Force, and a stronger undercarriage to cope with the rough airfield surfaces in Bolivia. It was an all-metal, single-seat, biplane aircraft, with single-bay wings.
The Type 143 first flew on 11 June 1929, and successfully met all performance criteria. One of the six aircraft was evaluated by the Aeroplane and Armament Experimental Establishment (A & AEE) at Martlesham Heath before delivery to Bolivia.
A seventh aircraft, the Vickers Type 177 was built as a private venture to meet the requirements of Air Ministry Specification N.21/26 for a naval fighter, being fitted with a Jupiter XF engine and steerable wheel braking to aid on-deck manoeuvering. The Type 177 first flew on 26 November 1929, and while it was shown to have a maximum speed of 190 mph (310 km/h), the Hawker Nimrod, not designed against this specification, was chosen instead to meet the Fleet Air Arm's requirement for a fighter.
Operational history
Delivery of the six Type 143s to Bolivia began in January 1930. While the type proved popular in Bolivian service, three of the six had been written off by the time the border disputes between Bolivia and Paraguay escalated into the Chaco War. The three remaining Type 143s continued to serve in the Chaco War until superseded by Curtiss Hawks, damaging at least one Paraguayan Wibault 73 in air-to-air combat.
Variants
Vickers Type 143 Six aircraft for Bolivia, powered by 450 hp (340 kW) Bristol Jupiter VIA engine.
Vickers Type 177 One prototype Naval Fighter, evaluated for Fleet Air Arm, powered by 540 hp (400 kW) Bristol Jupiter XFS engine. No production.
Operators
Bolivian Air Force received six aircraft.
Fleet Air Arm tested one prototype.
Specifications (Type 143)
See also
Aerial operations in the Chaco War
References
Notes
Bibliography
Andrews, E.N. and E.B. Morgan. Vickers Aircraft Since 1908, Second edition. London: Putnam, 1988. .
Green, W. and Gordon Swanborough. The Complete Book of Fighters. New York: Smithmark, 1994. .
Mason, Francis K. The British Fighter since 1912. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press, 1992. .
External links
The Gran Chaco War: Fighting for Mirages in the Foothills of the Andes
1920s British fighter aircraft
Type 143
Transport in Bolivia
Aircraft first flown in 1929
Biplanes
Time to Think is a live album by Mo Foster. Most of the tracks were written while Foster was on a trip to New Zealand. The album was conceived as a soundscape of acoustic instruments and to that end was recorded in a small Oxfordshire church that was chosen for its acoustics.
Track listing
"Its About That Time of Day" – 5:29
"Leo" – 5:37
"Omapere Dawn" – 4:35
"On Frith Street" – 5:42
"Mangonui" – 6:27
"Guardians" – 5:59
"Waves II" – 1:48
"Shades of Grey" – 3:49
"Let's Go On Somewhere" – 5:38
"The Long Man of Wilmington" – 6:16
"A Notional Anthem" – 5:05
"Time to Think" – 3:32
Personnel
Mo Foster – bass guitar, fretless bass, five-string bass
Iain Ballamy – soprano saxophone
Simon Chamberlain - piano, church organ
Ray Russell – acoustic guitar
Frank Ricotti – vibraphone, percussion
References
Mo Foster albums
2002 live albums
Fuesslinia amoena is a fossil species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Fuesslinia.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Munni Begum may refer to:
Munni Begum, Pakistani ghazal singer
Munni Begum (noble) (1720–1813), second wife of the Nawab of Bengal, Mir Jafar
Afflecks (formerly Affleck's Palace) is an indoor market in Manchester, England, in the city's Northern Quarter on the junction of Church Street/Tib Street and Dale Street with Oldham Street. Dozens of independent stalls, small shops and boutiques operate in the one building. The building was once home to Affleck & Brown, one of the city's principal department stores. A bar on the original site opened in 2015, under the Affleck & Brown name.
Affleck & Brown history
Affleck & Brown was started in the 1860s as a drapery business in Oldham Street. The store grew to occupy a whole block between Oldham Street, Church Street and Tib Street and become a full flung department store. The business had a good reputation as a credit draper and was known for a good range of cloth for home dressmaking as well as a furrier.
The business started to decline after the Second World War as shopping moved away from Oldham Street, and in the 1950s Debenhams added the store to their portfolio. Debenhams also owned another Manchester department store, Pauldens, and the continued decline of the area led to the closure of Affleck & Brown in 1973.
Hilary Mantel's short story 'The Third Rising' concerns a mother and daughter working at the store.
Affleck's Palace early history
Affleck's Palace first opened in 1982 by James and Elaine Walsh with an ethos of offering a safe environment for entrepreneurs to start out with affordable rent and no long-term contracts. Unit holders operated under a licence agreement which allowed them to pay for space on a week by week basis. The atmosphere and colourful maze-like layout led to Affleck's becoming a mecca for alternative culture. The establishment was able to bounce back from two building fires and overcame many obstacles.
During the 1990s 'Madchester Summer of Love' period, when local bands such as the Stone Roses, Happy Mondays and Inspiral Carpets were at the height of their popularity, Affleck's Palace was a fashionable place to get oversized flared jeans and tie dyed T-shirts and 'Eastern Bloc' was a popular record shop as it dealt in all the latest underground dance tunes.
Modern history
On 31 March 2008, Affleck's Palace ceased trading. It re-opened on 1 April 2008 as Afflecks under new management. Afflecks is now managed by Mancunian property developer Bruntwood after the expiry of a 25-year lease in 2007. It had been previously suggested that Bruntwood would redevelop the building, possibly leading to its closure as a market, with many traders having feared that closure would be likely and that notice could have been given as soon as the end of January.
Following the change in management a representative of the property developer is quoted as saying:
Never in our 30-year history have we bought one of our customers' businesses but Afflecks is a Manchester icon that we wanted to protect. We aren't however expert in managing markets, so will look for a suitable long term owner.
Afflecks Palace currently has over 73 businesses operating inside of it, the majority of which are alternative clothing, record shops and retro game shops. Afflecks also has a variety of cafes. The independent markets have continued to be popular with one million visitors in 2012. All 73 units are fully let and attract an average of 24,000 shoppers every week, including 7,000 on Saturdays.
Afflecks was damaged in July 2013 by a fire that started in the storeroom of a shop in Oldham Street, but did not close down and celebrated its 40th anniversary in February 2022.
See also
Quiggins - a similar indoor market that closed in 2006 with the redevelopment of Liverpool City Centre.
Big Horn, Manchester - art installation now located at Afflecks
References
External links
www.afflecks.com Official Site
Debenhams
Shopping centres in Manchester
Defunct department stores of the United Kingdom
Department store buildings in the United Kingdom
Defunct retail companies of the United Kingdom
Imera () is a community in Servia municipality, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It consists of the settlements Imera and Avra. The village Imera is situated at an altitude of 352 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50100, while the telephone code is +30 24640. At the 2011 census the population was 212.
References
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
Arthur Woodall (4 June 1930 – 2005) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.
Career
Woodall was born in Stoke-on-Trent and played for amateur football Tunstall Park before joining Stoke City in 1953. He made his one and only appearance for the club in a 1–0 defeat at home to Oldham Athletic on 20 March 1954. He left the club at the end of the 1953–54 season and joined Cheshire League side Altrincham.
Career statistics
References
English footballers
Stoke City F.C. players
Altrincham F.C. players
English Football League players
1930 births
2005 deaths
Association football forwards
The 2011 Dubai World Cup was a horse race held at Meydan Racecourse on Saturday 26 March 2011. It was the 16th running of the Dubai World Cup.
The winner was Yoshimi Ichikawa's Victoire Pisa, a four-year-old dark bay or brown colt trained in Japan by Katsuhiko Sumii and ridden by Mirco Demuro. Victoire Pisa's victory was the first in the race for his jockey, trainer and owner and the first for a horse trained in Japan.
Victoire Pisa had been the champion three-year-old colt in Japan in 2010 when he had won the Satsuki Shō and the Arima Kinen. Before being sent to Dubai he had been campaigned exclusively on turf: the World Cup was his first race on a synthetic surface. In the 2011 Dubai World Cup he started a 20/1 outsider and won by half a length from another Japanese horse Transcend (a dirt specialist), with the Godolphin runner Monterosso a neck away in third. The 2/1 favourite Twice Over finished ninth of the fourteen runners.
Race details
Sponsor: Emirates Airline
Purse: £6,410,256; First prize: £3,846,153
Surface: Tapeta
Going: Standard
Distance: 10 furlongs
Number of runners: 14
Winner's time: 2:05.94
Full result
Abbreviations: nse = nose; nk = neck; shd = head; hd = head; nk = neck
Winner's details
Further details of the winner, Victoire Pisa
Sex: Colt
Foaled: 31 March 2007
Country: Japan
Sire: Neo Universe; Dam: Whitewater Affair (Machiavellian)
Owner: Yoshimi Ichikawa
Breeder: Shadai Farm
References
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
King Square Gardens is a park in the area of St Luke's in the London Borough of Islington, to the west of King Square. The park is designated as a Site of Local Importance to Nature Conservation.
The park was used in the opening scene of the Pink Floyd song Another Brick in the Wall Part 2 from 1979.
Location and transport
The park borders Goswell Road to the East, Lever Street to the South, and the King Square to the West. To the North of the park is the urban development including high-rise President and Turnpike Houses, as well as Moreland Primary School and the early 19th century St Clement's Church.
Nearest bus stops are on Goswell Road, served by bus routes 4 and 56. The park is approximately 10 minutes walk from Angel, Barbican, and Old Street tube stations.
References
External links
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Islington
Footprints in the Sand is a studio album by American Christian and country singer Cristy Lane. It was released in August 1983 via Liberty and LS Records. It contained ten tracks. The album was a collection of Christian recordings and was Lane's second album to consist entirely of this genre. The album also spawned two charting singles, including the title track.
Background and content
Before transitioning into the Christian music market, Cristy Lane had a series of major country hits in the 1970s and 1980s. This included "Let Me Down Easy", "I Just Can't Stay Married to You" and the number one single "One Day at a Time". The latter recording was a Christian tune and its success prompted Lane to market herself more towards the genre. She issued her first gospel record in 1981 and Footprints in the Sand would soon follow. The album consisted of ten tracks of material. The title track was Lane's musical interpretation of the religious poem. It also included covers of other Christian tunes, such as "The Lord's Prayer". Original tracks were also included on the project, such as "I've Come Back (To Say I Love You One More Time)". Footprints in the Sand was recorded in April 1983 in Nashville, Tennessee. The record was produced by Lobo, Lee Stoller (Lane's husband) and James Stroud.
Release and chart performance
Footprints in the Sand was released in August 1983 on Liberty and LS Records. It was Lane's tenth studio album in her music career. The album was originally offered as a vinyl LP and a cassette It was later offered as a compact disc in 1986. A compilation record with the same title was later released but had a different track listing with different recordings. Following its original release, Footprints in the Sand peaked at number 64 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. It was Lane's final studio effort to chart on the Billboard survey. Two singles were also spawned from the disc. The first single issued was "I've Come Back (To Say I Love You One More Time)" in June 1983. The song peaked at number 63 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. The title track was released as the second single in September 1983. The song peaked at number on the same Billboard chart and was among Lane's final charting singles.
Track listing
Vinyl and cassette versions
Compact disc version
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of Footprints in the Sand.
Musical personnel
Mitch Humphries – Keyboards
Robert M. Johnson – Rhythm guitar
Cristy Lane – Lead vocals
Terry McMillan – Harmonica
Kenny Mims – Electric guitar
Larry Paxton – Bass guitar
Willie Rainfores – Keyboards
Brent Rowan – Acoustic guitar
Steven Schaeffer – Bass guitar
James Stroud – Drums
Robert Wray – Bass guitar
Pete Wade – Electric guitar
Dennis Zimmerman – Electric guitar
Technical personnel
Bill Deele – Arranger
Tom Harding – Assistant engineer
Lobo – Producer
James Skipper – Arranger
Lee Stoller – Executive producer, manager
James Stroud – Producer
Charts
Release history
References
Footnotes
Books
1983 albums
Albums produced by James Stroud
Cristy Lane albums
Liberty Records albums
LS Records albums
Sanell Aggenbach (born 1975) is a South African artist living and working in Woodstock, Cape Town. Using painting, printmaking, and sculpture, her work addresses the relationship between history and private narratives, with a sense of ambiguity. Her work also explores the processes of nostalgia and historical myth-making, often incorporating the playful, disarming, and absurd to draw the viewer into discussions of darker subjects. She has a unique style of combining traditional painting techniques with sculptural elements, as well as typically feminine crafts such as sewing and tapestry.
Career
Aggenbach graduated from the University of Stellenbosch in 1997 with a bachelor's degree in Fine Arts. Although now a full-time artist, Aggenbach was a lecturer from June 2000– March 2004 at the Cape College in Graphic Processes, Two-Dimensional Design and Drawing. Her work is represented in the Spier Collection, Anglo Gold South Africa, Sasol Art Museum, the Sasol Collection, and the Hollard Collection.
Solo exhibitions
2013: 'Familia Obscura', Brundyn +, Cape Town
2011: 'Some Dance to Remember Some Dance to Forget', Blank Projects, Cape Town
2009: 'Graceland', Gallery AOP, Johannesburg
2008: ' Sub Rosa', João Ferreira Gallery, Cape Town
2007: 'Perfectly Still', Absa Gallery, Johannesburg
2006: 'Blues and Greys', Art on Paper Gallery, Johannesburg
2005: 'Fool's Gold', Bell-Roberts Contemporary, Cape Town
2005: 'Hoogwater/High Tide', KKNK, Oudtshoorn
2003: 'Blank', AVA Gallery, Cape Town
2001: 'From a Netherworld', Bell-Roberts Gallery, Cape Town
2000: 'Northern Ladies', Art Konsult, New Delhi, India
1998: 'An Imitator', AVA Metropolitan Gallery, Cape Town
Group exhibitions
2011: 'Alptraum', Deutscher Kuenstlerbund, Berlin, Germany
2010: 'Twenty', contemporary public sculpture, Nirox, Johannesburg
2008: 'Print '08: Myth, Memory and Archive', Bell-Roberts Gallery, Cape Town
2007: 'Arcadia', AVA Gallery, Cape Town
2007: 'Turbulence', Hangar-7, Salzburg, Austria
2007: Spier Contemporary, Stellenbosch
2006: '20 Artists 06'. Contemporary printing, Bell-Roberts Gallery, Cape Town
2005: 'Sweet Nothings', new photographic work, Bell-Roberts Gallery, Cape Town
2004: '40 Years', University of Stellenbosch, Sasol Art Museum
2004: '2nd Spier Outdoor Sculpture Biennial', Stellenbosch
2003: 'Picnic', Bell-Roberts Gallery, Cape Town
2003: Brett Kebble Art Awards
2003: 'ABSA L'Atelier', Johannesburg
2003: 'YDESIRE', Castle of Good Hope, Cape Town
2002: 'Autogeographie', Millennium Gallery, Johannesburg
2002: 'Spier Outdoor Sculpture Biennial', Jan Marais Nature Reserve, Stellenbosch
2001: 'Micro/Macro', South African Printmakers at the Xchanges Gallery, Victoria, British Columbia (Canada)
2001: 'ABSA L'Atelier', Johannesburg.
2001: 'Aarsel/ Waver', KKNK, Oudshoorn
Notable works
Some Dance To Remember Some Dance To Forget
A 2011 series of monotype prints that pay tribute to iconic images and albums from rock music history. Through these prints, Aggenbach offers a critique of African er identity, focusing on the generation inspired by the post-punk musicians.
Graceland
A 2009 exhibition at Gallery AOP inspired by a trip to Elvis's home in Memphis, Tennessee, exploring what it means to be Afrikaans.
Sub Rosa
A 2008 body of work referencing tampered photographic film, which blurs the distinction between the imagined accuracy of photography and the inaccurate or misleading nature of painting.
References
External links
Bell-Roberts
Warren Editions
South African artists
Stellenbosch University alumni
1975 births
Living people
3V or 3-V may refer to:
TNT Airways S.A.'s IATA code
3V, a model of Toyota V engine
SSH 3V (WA); se Washington State Route 241
S281-3V, a model of Saleen S281
3V (V-70), manufacturer's designation for Venera 7
3V (V-72), manufacturer's designation for Venera 8
See also
V3 (disambiguation)
Music for Mechanics is the first sequential collection of the American comic book series Love and Rockets by the Hernandez brothers and published in 1985.
The cover of the book is by Jaime Hernandez and the preface by Carter Scholz.
Contents
These first stories, dated 1981–1985, are science-fiction oriented, adding monsters and dinosaurs and extra-terrestrials to the first latino themes, and some stories and themes may or may not be considered canon with the universes developed by the brothers in later books.
Chronology
Next album: Chelo's Burden
American graphic novels
Fantagraphics titles
1985 comics debuts
The Metamorphosis of Mr. Samsa is a 1977 Canadian short animated fantasy film by Caroline Leaf, adapted from Franz Kafka's The Metamorphosis, told through the animation of beach sand on a piece of glass. The film features music by Normand Roger and sound by Michel Descombes. The film earned ten awards from the year of its release in 1977 through to 1981 as it was screened at various film festivals around the world.
Plot
Mr. Samsa wakes up and discovers that he has turned into a giant beetle. The loving son and brother is unable to express his feelings of shame and guilt, nor his need for love. He is forced to become a recluse and is rejected by his family.
Themes
Animator Kayla Parker remarks that metamorphosis, "literally, changing from one form into another", has been a trope of animation since 19th century "pre-cinema optical toys" characterized by "cycled graphic image sequences of squashed and stretched facial features and mutating bodies", and that Leaf regards the process of making a film as a kind of metamorphosis that may take years.
Production
Inspiration and animation technique
Caroline Leaf has made several films using sand animation, a technique she invented, and which gives what John Coulthart calls "painterly, if monochromatic, results," with "probably less time-consuming than other techniques that aim for similar effects." For a solo animator, the technique is a "complex, technically difficult process requiring focused skill and sustained commitment", Kayla Parker comparing the animator's feat to the impossible task often performed in myths and folk tales. The choice of animating The Metamorphosis was suggested to Leaf by "a friend and mentor," according to an email interview: it "was a good fit", as her own "black and white sand images had the potential to have a Kafka-esque feel – dark and mysterious". The images were created by manipulating ordinary play sand on an opaque glass surface lit from underneath and photographed from above. The technique has its limitations (she could not create highly detailed images), but according to Leaf, "the limitations of drawing in sand, the simplifications that it requires, made me inventive in the storytelling".
Financing
Leaf stated in an interview with Midhat Ajanović that she started working on the film before her move to Canada, with a grant from the American Film Institute. Ian Bernie reports that it became a three-year project, and "something of a struggle to complete", as Leaf was unable to interest the National Film Board in the project; working on it at home, frequently fearing that she "would lose track of the flow". After completing The Owl Who Married a Goose, she got a contract with the National Film Board to do The Street. Since she was working at the Film Board by the time Mr. Samsa was finished, and she had just received an Oscar nomination for The Street, the Film Board agreed to help with the sound and post production. "It became an NFB production." Leaf worked on both films simultaneously. "I had a 16mm camera of my own at home which I set up. At night I worked on Mr. Samsa, and The Street was my daytime job."
Story adaptation
Leaf reflected on the process of adapting The Metamorphosis in an interview with John Canemaker in 1988:The Kafka story is so complicated and wonderful. There I took just the element of what I was thinking about most—how horrible it would be to have a body, or the external part of one's self that's seen by the world be different from what's inside one's self, and not be able to communicate that. Since I'm a storyteller, I just worked with that one aspect of Kafka, so it's quite different from his original story.In an interview with Nag Vladermersky in 2003, Leaf described Kafka's storytelling as "intensely interior and psychological"; at the time, she says she did not know a "film language" to adapt it and she "stuck to a barebones narrative and a strong sense of atmosphere." A shoestring budget prevented her from acquiring the rights to the English translation, though the story itself is in the public domain, thus there is almost no dialogue, and what there is been "made up" by Leaf, "a kind of gobbledy-gook language". For the same reason, it could not be a long film, so characters were cut and the events which transpire over weeks in the original work take place in a single day in the film. Her stated concern with "losing the flow" reflects her working approach, as she "starts with a strong image and builds out in both directions", rarely using a storyboard, rather working from a "rough plan that changes a lot" which enabled her to "work the sand in a more painterly way".
Release
The Metamorphosis of Mr. Samsa had its world premiere at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in June 1977, and was later released in Canadian theatres by the National Film Board of Canada.
Home media
The short was released on a 44-minute anthology DVD in 1998, along with Leaf's Two Sisters and works by three other Canadian animators, under the title Tales from the Dark Side. A 72-minute box set anthology DVD was released in 2010, titled Caroline Leaf: Out on a Limb - Hand-Crafted Cinema, containing the short and several other works by Leaf.
Streaming
The short is available for streaming by subscription from the National Film Board of Canada (CAMPUS).
Reception
Critical response
Contemporary
Ian Bernie, writing after the film's premiere, noted that Leaf abandoned Kafka's first-person narrator for a less subjective point of view, and "though one may keenly regret losing this bug eye on the world in the one art form that could conceivably visualize it, the exhilarating, uncanny shifts of perspective that result are ample compensation."This daring stylistic manoeuvre, comparable to a disembodied eye exploring a collapsing set, is Leaf's richest gift to animation: in one three-second sequence, the gaze is swept from the insect, slid under the door, lifted across the living room, to finally twist back of the mother's head, and end in a close-up of her knotted bun - this web of thick black lines. If the film suffers at all it is from being almost too abstract, too chiaroscuro, unlightened with dialogue as was The Street, or broken into the clearly divided planes - the snow and the sea - of The Owl and the Goose. But style expresses subject and at the end, when the possibility of logic is swallowed up by the blackness, there is only the sense of a powerful, disturbing vision. Paul Wells, citing Hungarian animator John Halas (1987) reports that, along with Leaf's other films made in the 1970s, Mr. Samsa "consolidated her place as one of the acknowledged "masters" of animation."
Luc Perrault said Leaf's adaptation of Kafka's story was simply the best in any medium. Contrastingly, Caryn James, reviewing a retrospective exhibition spanning twenty-three years of Leaf's work for The New York Times, felt the short did not do justice to Kafka's story: "Leaf seems to be illustrating the story, not reimagining the terror of a man turned into a beetle ... Too often she settles for such eloquent but facile illustrations."
Retrospective
Several twenty-first century critics of The Metamorphosis of Mr. Samsa pay particular attention to the "extraordinary fluidity" of Leaf's representation of point of view and of space itself. Brian Ashbee opines that the film demonstrates "how well animation can model the stuff of which ... psychological space is composed. Her viewpoint is as mobile and responsive to every nuance as is the constantly evolving present in a 'stream of consciousness' novel." Aylish Wood notes how the technique relates to the film's themes:The fluidity of form also evokes the complexity of the spatial organization of Gregor's home. When Gregor wakes up, his room is his bedroom but as the animation continues its door becomes a barrier that separates him from the other members of the family. As the technique of the animation metamorphoses so easily between Gregor and his parents on the other side of the door, a paradox emerges. The frequently effortless shifts between the spaces exist in tension with Gregor's entrapment, making his imprisonment appear all the more profound. In an article on distortion of spatial orientation in animation, which Ryan Pierson calls "whole-screen metamorphosis," Pierson remarks that the film "dissolves the sense of ground that is needed to support an impression of world, in a kind of becoming-animal of the camera." Giannalberto Bendazzi calls the animation "masterful", appreciating how the film is constantly changing perspective, "sometimes focusing on the protagonist's subjective understanding of his new condition." Colin Marshall says the "ever-shifting visual texture lends itself well to the theme of the tale". He reports that animator Johnny Chew calls it "an awesome short film on its own, and a great adaptation of the Kafka work, but when you consider the style in which it was made and the control that would have to go into each frame, it's unbelievable." David Brody called The Metamorphosis of Mr. Samsa a "motion painting" on glass, and "devastatingly melancholic."
Jean-François Hamel, agreeing with Caryn James above, called Leaf's treatment reductive and the tone of the film sentimental: since she adapts only the first part of the story, she avoids the disturbing and powerful force of the original work.
Accolades
By 1981, The Metamorphosis of Mr. Samsa had received ten awards.
1977
Annecy International Animated Film Festival • International Critics' Award
1978
Golden Gate (San Francisco) • Certificate for Outstanding Achievement
Ottawa International Animation Festival • Special Jury Award
Cork Film Festival • Certificate of Merit - Category: Animated FIlms
Krakow Film Festival • Grand Prize ("Golden Dragon") • Diploma of Distinction (artistic qualities)
International Film Festival (Athens, Georgia) • Merit Award
1980
Columbus International Film & Video Festival -Category: Art and Culture • Honorable Mention
Hong Kong International Film Festival • Certificate for an Outstanding Film
Association of Independent Video and Filmmakers - Short Film Showcase • Honorarium ($3000)
1981
HEMISFILM, San Antonio • Best Animated Film ex-aequo with A Christmas Gift by Will Vinton
In 2010, as part of their 50th anniversary celebrations, the Krakow Film Festival listed the short in their Top Ten best films presented at the festival.
Note
References
External links
Official trailer on Fandor
The Metamorphosis of Mr. Samsa on Canadian Women Film Directors Database
1977 films
Canadian animated short films
1970s fantasy drama films
Canadian fantasy drama films
National Film Board of Canada animated short films
Films directed by Caroline Leaf
1970s English-language films
Canadian drama short films
1970s Canadian films
A Field Guide to Dinosaurs is a book published by The Diagram Group in 1986.
Contents
A Field Guide to Dinosaurs is a guide to more than 300 dinosaurs. For each dinosaur, the book supplies the Latin name; locations it lived; its size, length, height, weight; and the age in which the creatures lived. The best museums display of the time were also listed.
Reviews
In the August 1993 edition of Dragon (Issue #76), Chris Henderson called this "the best up-to-date saurian book on the market today." He gave high marks to the book for stressing facts rather than artwork, calling the information within "precise, plentiful and easily located." He concluded with a recommendation, saying, "If one wants to add some new wrinkles to a [role-playing game] campaign, or just wants to remain informed about dinosaurs, then this book is the one to purchase."
References
Dinosaur books
A palayok is a clay pot used as the traditional food preparation container in the Philippines. Palayok is a Tagalog word; in other parts of the country, especially in the Visayas, it is called a kulon; smaller-sized pots are referred to as anglit. Neighboring Indonesia and Malaysia refer to such vessel as a periuk.
Cooking in a palayok
The palayok is made of earthenware, a porous ceramic material. This allows steam from cooking to evaporate out of the pores in the earthenware. Juices from the cooking food would not begin to burn until all the water has evaporated, after which the food is thoroughly cooked. Since ceramic does not transfer heat as much as metal, cooking in a palayok entails a longer time and a higher temperature than would normally be used with metal cookware.
The palayok should not be cleaned using household detergents, as the porous material would easily imbibe chemicals in the detergent that would later impart unwanted flavors in the food during cooking. It is instead cleaned by soaking in warm water and when the detritus has sufficiently softened, by scrubbing with salt.
Filipino cuisine expert Maria Orosa is credited with turning the earthenware pot into an oven. Called the "Palayok Oven", the contraption consists of a palayok fitted with a piece of thin sheet metal cut to fit the bottom of the pot and a piece of aluminum foil placed below the lid. These metal pieces are designed to reflect heat back into the pot. The pot is heated by using a native pugon or kalan, a small wood-fired stove similar to a Japanese shichirin.
See also
Tapayan
List of cooking vessels
References
Tagalog words and phrases
Philippine pottery
Cookware and bakeware
Cooking vessels
Philippine handicrafts
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C20H17F3N2O4}}
The molecular formula C20H17F3N2O4 (molar mass: 406.355 g/mol) may refer to:
Floctafenine
Tasquinimod
Molecular formulas
George Robert Salisbury was a United States Navy Commodore who served as the 15th Naval Governor of Guam. Though he originally served as an Engineering Duty Officer, he eventually stopped being a Restricted Line Officer, and retired from the Navy as a Commodore. As governor, he rolled back a number of educational reforms and encouraged a new ranch system. He also took drastic measures to control the leprosy epidemic on the island, removing the infected to the Philippines. He was briefly called into service during World War I before retiring.
Life and naval career
Salisbury was appointed to the United States Naval Academy from Missouri in 1874, graduating on June 10, 1879. He served as an Engineering Duty Officer from 1881 to 1892, during this time, he served as a naval engineer aboard the USS Chicago in 1889. He participated in the Spanish–American War aboard a battleship. On March 3, 1899, his ranked was changed to lieutenant. From 1899 to 1902, he served aboard the USS Massachusetts. He achieved the rank of lieutenant commander in 1902.
He attempted to retire, but was recalled up to service in the Reserve Naval Fleet during World War I. He was placed in charge of overseeing minesweeper production in Buffalo, New York. He ultimately retired with the title of Commodore.
Governorship
Salisbury was Governor of Guam from January 21, 1911 to January 30, 1912. He rolled back some education reforms of Governor Edward John Dorn, and once again allowed residents who lived more than two hours from a public school to forgo attendance if they desired. He also changed the age of compulsory schooling to those between the ages of six and twelve. Salisbury soon found himself, like the governors before him, unable to control the spread of leprosy through Guam. Taking drastic measures, he began removing the infected from the island, quarantining them in the Philippines. He encouraged the native Chamorro population to increasingly live on ranches, raise livestock, and farm.
Personal life
On January 10, 1889, Salisbury married Adele Trowbridge in Brooklyn, New York. They had one son, Samuel. On December 6, 1913, Salisbury divorced Adele Trowbridge in an uncontested court decision with no alimony.
On October 6, 1950, Salisbury died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
References
External links
George Robert Salisbury at findagrave.com
Governors of Guam
United States Navy commodores
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Navy engineering officers
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Tricia Black is a Canadian actress, writer and comedian. She is most noted for her role in the 2020 web series Band Ladies, for which she won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Supporting Performance in a Web Program or Series at the 9th Canadian Screen Awards in 2021.
Early life
Originally from Saint John, New Brunswick, she is an alumna of The Second City's Toronto company, for which she was one of the writers and performers of the Canadian Comedy Award-winning LGBTQ-themed comedy show Extravaganza Eleganza in 2019.
Career
Black has also been associated with Toronto sketch comedy troupe The Sketchersons, and has had supporting or guest appearances in the television series New Eden, Kim's Convenience, What We Do in the Shadows, Baroness von Sketch Show and Pretty Hard Cases. They can also be seen in feature films like The Broken Hearts Gallery, The Man from Toronto, and as Norris in the upcoming film Dear David.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
21st-century Canadian actresses
21st-century Canadian comedians
Canadian sketch comedians
Canadian comedy writers
Canadian women comedians
Canadian television actresses
Actresses from New Brunswick
Comedians from New Brunswick
LGBT actors from Canada
Lesbian comedians
Canadian Screen Award winners
The English Hymnal is a hymn book which was published in 1906 for the Church of England by Oxford University Press. It was edited by the clergyman and writer Percy Dearmer and the composer and music historian Ralph Vaughan Williams, and was a significant publication in the history of Anglican church music.
Methodology
The preface to the hymnal describes itself as "a collection of the best hymns in the English language." Much of the contents was used for the first time at St Mary's, Primrose Hill, in north London, and the hymnbook could be considered a musical companion to The Parson's Handbook, Dearmer's 1899 manifesto on English church ceremonial, vestments and furnishings.
The high quality of the music is due largely to the work of Vaughan Williams as musical editor. The standard of the arrangements and original compositions made it a landmark in English hymnody and one of the most influential hymnals of the 20th century. The hymnal included the first printing of several arrangements and hymn settings by Vaughan Williams. Among the most famous are Sine Nomine, a new tune to For All the Saints; and Ye Watchers and Ye Holy Ones, a new text for the hymn tune Lasst uns erfreuen. The hymnal also includes many plainsong melodies (in both plainsong and modernised notation).
Reception
After its publication, use of the hymnal had been banned for a time by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Ultimately, The English Hymnal, along with the Church Hymnal for the Christian Year, "undermined the uniformity of the Church of England and successfully challenged [the] hegemony" of Hymns Ancient and Modern, which had been published two years previous.
The book is a characteristic green colour and is sometimes associated with the high-church or Anglo-Catholic movement within Anglicanism. When the book was published, high and broad churches used Hymns Ancient and Modern and evangelical churches normally used the Hymnal Companion to the Book of Common Prayer. The hymnal has, however, been adopted not only in various movements of Anglicanism but also in several other denominations in Britain, such as some Roman Catholic churches.
Revisions
A new edition of The English Hymnal was issued in 1933, which principally had better accompaniments by J. H. Arnold to the plainsong melodies, and over 100 new tunes. This was achieved without renumbering hymns or extending the book excessively. Instead many formerly duplicated tunes were changed to new tunes. Where unique tunes were changed the old tunes were moved into an appendix, which is often referred to as "the chamber of horrors", a description attributed to Vaughan-Williams himself.
A supplement to the hymnal, English Praise, was published in 1975.
The New English Hymnal appeared in 1986, and its supplement, New English Praise in 2006, both under the imprint of the Canterbury Press, now SCM Canterbury Press. A Revised English Hymnal is scheduled for publication in 2022.
See also
List of English-language hymnals by denomination
Songs of Praise (hymnal), a broader selection of hymns edited by Dearmer, Shaw, and Vaughan Williams in 1925
References
Citations
Sources
Further reading
External links
(text only)
1906 books
1906 in Christianity
1906 in music
Anglican hymnals
Anglo-Catholicism
British church music
English Christian hymns
Ralph Vaughan Williams
Anglican liturgical books
Redmi K30 Pro is a line of Android-based smartphones manufactured by Xiaomi and marketed under its Redmi sub-brand. There are four models, the K30 Pro, K30 Pro Zoom, K30 Ultra and the POCO F2 Pro, which is a rebranded version of the K30 Pro.
Design
The K30 Pro line uses an anodized aluminum frame and Gorilla Glass on the front and back. Both the volume and power buttons are located on the right edge; the latter has a red accent. The front-facing camera is concealed by a motorized pop-up mechanism like on the K20 Pro. The camera protrusion on the back panel is a single unit with a dual-LED flash below, and a circular module. Colors available at launch were (Cyber) Grey, (Electric) Purple, (Phantom) White and (Neon) Blue. The K30 Ultra has unique Moonlight White, Midnight Black and Mint Green finishes.
Specifications
Hardware & software
The Pro models are powered by the Snapdragon 865 and Adreno 650, while the K30 Ultra uses the MediaTek Dimensity 1000+ and Mali-G77 MC9. The K30 Pro, K30 Pro Zoom and POCO F2 Pro have either 128 or 256 GB of storage and 6 or 8 GB of RAM with an additional 12 GB RAM/512 GB UFS variant on the K30 Pro Zoom; the 128 GB/6 GB K30 Pro model has UFS 3.0 while other models have UFS 3.1. The POCO F2 Pro has UFS 3.1 on all models and no 8 GB RAM/128 GB UFS variant. At the front, the display is larger than the K20's at 6.67" (169.4mm) and has a wider 20:9 aspect ratio, using an AMOLED panel with an optical fingerprint sensor and HDR10+ support; only the K30 Ultra has a 120 Hz refresh rate. The battery is 4700mAh; fast charging is supported over USB-C up to 30 W or 33 W. The K30 Ultra has a smaller 4500 mAh battery. All devices are pre-installed with MIUI 11, which is based on Android 10
Camera
The wide sensor on all variants has been upgraded from a Sony IMX586 48 MP sensor to a Sony IMX686 64 MP sensor and now features an extra depth sensor. The K30 Pro Zoom benefits from the usage of optical image stabilization on the wide lens. It has an 8 MP telephoto lens with 3x optical zoom, while the K30 Pro and POCO F2 Pro have a 5 MP "telemacro" lens which has twice the focal length of a standard macro lens. Both are accompanied by a 13 MP ultrawide sensor. The front-facing camera uses a motorized pop-up Samsung S5K3T2 20 MP sensor, f/2.2, (wide), 1/3.4", 0.8µm with HDR.
References
Phablets
Xiaomi
Mobile phones introduced in 2020
Mobile phones with multiple rear cameras
Mobile phones with 8K video recording
Mobile phones with infrared transmitter
Discontinued smartphones
Mike Pelanconi, better known under his record name Prince Fatty, is a British sound engineer and record producer.
In 2005, the clothing company Stüssy put together a line inspired by the vivid, rootsy styles of Jamaica to commemorate their 25th anniversary, and looked to create a limited-edition single to complement it. Inspired by the optimistic, laid-back vibe of Jamaica in the early 1970s, Pelanconi was part of a group created by Nasser Bouzida and Trevor Harding of Big Boss Man called "Prince Fatty," meant as a tongue-in-cheek reference to King Tubby. The instrumental track they wrote and played, "Nina's Dance," was unexpectedly successful, getting airplay on BBC Radio 1. Following its success, Prince Fatty decided to create an album length homage to what they considered one of the most vibrant eras in Jamaican music.
Subsequently, Pelanconi co-opted the name of the band for a second Prince Fatty album called Survival of the Fattest, assembling a "supergroup" of reggae greats, including afrobeat saxophonist Bukky Leo, drummer Style Scott from the Roots Radics, Nostalgia 77's horn section, and Hammond organ by Bubblers from Ruff Cut Band. Guest vocals were provided by Hollie Cook, singer from The Slits and daughter of former Sex Pistols drummer Paul Cook, as well as Winston Francis, and Little Roy.
The album was recorded on vintage analogue equipment to preserve the signature sound of reggae and dub records. Pelanconi also strove to update the sound by speeding up tempos and attempting to push the boundaries of classic dub and reggae by referencing the modern influences of hip-hop (especially evident in the cover of Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg's "Gin and Juice", as well as Ol' Dirty Bastard's "Shimmy Shimmy Ya").
This was followed in 2010 with Super Size, featuring vocals from Little Roy, Dennis Alcapone, Natty and Winston Francis.
On 6 September 2011, in association with the Mutant HiFi, 'Prince Fatty and the Mutant HiFi's Online Dub Service' was launched on Facebook, offering people an easy way to get dubs from the studio by sending their tracks to receive the 'Heavyweight Dub Treatment'.
His 2012 album Prince Fatty Versus the Drunken Gambler included a guest appearance from Dennis Alcapone.
In an interview with audio and music publication MusicnGear Pelanconi said that the primary DAW he works in is ProTools; stating 'I love the vari-speed function as it works like a tape machine - speeding music up and down can yield interesting results'. He also said that his favorite plugins so far are SSL plugins.
Discography
Albums
The Best of Prince Fatty (2005), Anvil
Survival of the Fattest (2007) Mr Bongo, (2008), Rasa Music
Supersize (Mr Bongo, 2010), Mr Bongo
Return of Gringo! (2011), Mr Bongo
Prince Fatty Versus the Drunken Gambler (2012), Mr Bongo
Prince Fatty vs. Mungo's Hi-Fi (2014), Mr Bongo
In The Viper's Shadow (2019), Evergreen
Singles
Nina's Dance — 7″ (Stussy, 2006)
Milk & Honey ft. Hollie Cook — 7″/CD/MP3 (Mr Bongo, 2007)
Milk & Honey 100% Dubstepper vs Moodyboyz — 12″/MP3 (Mr Bongo, 2007)
Scorpio / Roof Over My Head — 7″/MP3 (Mr Bongo, 2008)
Shimmy Shimmy Ya / Gin & Juice — 7″/MP3 (Mr Bongo, 2009)
Insane In The Brain — 7″/MP3 (Mr Bongo, 2010)
Christopher Columbus ft. Little Roy / Dry Your Tears ft. Winston Francis — 7″ (Mr Bongo, 2010)
Sliver/Dive ft. Little Roy (covers of Nirvana songs) - 7" (ARK, 2011)
Black Rabbit with Shniece McMenamin ( A cover of White Rabbit by Jefferson Airplane ) (Evergreen Recordings 2020)
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British audio engineers
British record producers
Dub musicians
British reggae musicians
Musicians from London
Mr Bongo Records artists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Marlon Ordell Anderson (born January 6, 1974) is an American former professional baseball second baseman and outfielder who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for six teams, over 12 seasons. He was widely known for his clutch hits, and writers for publications including The New York Times and Newsday had referred to him as one of the best pinch-hitters in the game. Anderson was the hitting coach for the Brooklyn Cyclones in 2018.
High school years
Anderson attended Prattville High School from 1988 to 1992. Anderson was a student and a letterman in football and baseball. He was coached by Roger Lambert who also coached Marlon's two younger brother's Keto Anderson and Randy Anderson.
College years
Anderson attended the University of South Alabama. As a senior, he posted a .357 batting average with thirteen home runs, and was the Sun Belt Conference Player of the Year and a Baseball America first team All-American. In 1994, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Wareham Gatemen of the Cape Cod Baseball League.
Professional career
Anderson was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies in the second round of the amateur draft. In , while playing for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons, he was named the International League Rookie of the Year. On September 8 of the same year, he made his Major League debut as a pinch hitter, hitting a home run off Mel Rojas of the New York Mets.
Philadelphia Phillies
Anderson was the Phillies starting second baseman in , and . In , because neither his offense nor his defense were considered exceptional, Plácido Polanco replaced him as the Phillies second baseman (also Chase Utley was then a top prospect of the Phillies' Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons); Anderson was not offered a contract by the Phillies and signed as a free agent with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. In , Anderson signed with the St. Louis Cardinals and filled a niche as a utility infielder. He also became known for his skill at pinch hitting, tying for the National League lead in pinch hits with 17 that year.
New York Mets
In , Anderson signed with the New York Mets, where he served as a pinch hitter. Anderson batted over .300 in pinch-hit situations. Anderson's Met highlight occurred during an interleague game with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on June 11, 2005, when he tied the score in the ninth inning with an inside-the-park home run off Angels closer Francisco Rodríguez. The ball caromed away from center fielder Steve Finley, who ran it down in right-center field as Anderson circled the bases. Anderson barely beat the play at the plate, colliding face-first into catcher José Molina's mask.
Washington Nationals
On November 18, 2005, Anderson signed a two-year contract with the Washington Nationals. His contract ensured that the only two big leaguers ever to be named Marlon (the other is Marlon Byrd) would be teammates again on the Nationals.
They were also teammates on the Phillies in September 2002 when Byrd was called up.
Los Angeles Dodgers
On August 31, 2006, Anderson was traded by the Nationals to the Los Angeles Dodgers after scoring the winning run in a 6-5 thriller against the Phillies in Washington. At the time, Washington had been struggling for much of the season and was not a playoff factor while the Dodgers appeared to be headed for the playoffs with the NL West division crown. Anderson was brought in hopes to assist in the Dodgers' playoff push. He was intended to be a pinch hitter, but Anderson won the starting job in left field when rookie Andre Ethier struggled towards the end of the season.
On September 18, 2006, with the Dodgers playing the San Diego Padres for first place in the National League West with only two weeks left in the regular season, Anderson went five for five, including two home runs. His second home run that night was the last of a record tying four consecutive home runs in the bottom of the 9th inning, following home runs hit by Jeff Kent, J. D. Drew, and Russell Martin. Anderson's home run tied the score at 9-9 after the Dodgers trailed 9-5 to begin the inning. The Dodgers would eventually win the game on a walk-off home run by Nomar Garciaparra, and would tie San Diego for the NL West title. The tiebreaker however, went to San Diego as they had beaten the Dodgers 13 of 18 games in 2006. The Dodgers would still make the playoffs after being awarded the wild card spot.
The emergence of young Dodgers prospects Matt Kemp and James Loney contributed to Anderson's playing time diminishing during the first half of the season and he was designated for assignment by the Dodgers on June 29, 2007, ending his tenure with the club. He cleared waivers and became a free agent on July 11. He was promptly signed to a minor league contract by the Mets on July 12.
New York Mets
One week later, on July 19, Anderson was called up to play for the Mets. He started his first game back with the Mets against the Dodgers, the team that had just released him. He had a 2-RBI single in that game.
On August 29, 2007, Anderson was part of a controversial call between the Mets and second-place Philadelphia Phillies at a game at Citizens Bank Park. With the Phillies leading 6-5 with one out and the bases loaded in the ninth inning, Shawn Green hit a high-chop ground ball to shortstop. In trying to break up a double play, Anderson slid into Tadahito Iguchi, the Phillies second baseman. The second base umpire, C.B. Bucknor, called him out on interference, resulting in a double play. Replays of the incident showed that Green would have easily beaten out the play. The Mets would go on to lose the final game of the series, resulting in a critical four-game sweep by the Phils, who would eventually take the division on the final day of the season from the Mets.
Anderson signed a two-year contract worth $2.2 million to return to the Mets in . On May 23, 2008, he seriously injured his hamstring in a game against the Colorado Rockies on a groundout.
On April 11, 2009, the Mets designated Anderson for assignment. Later that week, he was released by the Mets.
Newark Bears
On June 14, 2009, Anderson signed with the Newark Bears of the independent Atlantic League.
Post-playing career
Coaching
Anderson served as a hitting coach with the Hagerstown Suns in 2011 and 2012 and was hired to fill the same position with the Brooklyn Cyclones in 2018.
Broadcasting
Anderson served as a part-time color analyst for Philadelphia Phillies broadcasts during the 2014 season and was hired by Comcast SportsNet as a pre-game and post-game television studio analyst prior to the 2015 season alongside Ricky Bottalico.
References
External links
Marlon Anderson at SABR (Baseball BioProject)
Marlon Anderson at Baseball Almanac
Marlon Anderson at Baseball Library
Marlon Anderson at Ultimate Mets Database
1974 births
Living people
African-American baseball coaches
African-American baseball players
Baseball coaches from Alabama
Baseball players from Montgomery, Alabama
Batavia Clippers players
Brooklyn Cyclones coaches
Clearwater Phillies players
Las Vegas 51s players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball second basemen
Major League Baseball outfielders
New Orleans Zephyrs players
New York Mets players
Newark Bears players
Philadelphia Phillies announcers
Philadelphia Phillies players
Tampa Bay Devil Rays players
Reading Phillies players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons players
South Alabama Jaguars baseball players
Sportspeople from Montgomery, Alabama
St. Louis Cardinals players
St. Lucie Mets players
Wareham Gatemen players
Washington Nationals players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Marlene Steinberg M.D, is a researcher on Dissociation symptoms and disorders. She developed the pioneering: The Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Dissociative Disorders (SCID-D) and wrote in conjunction with Maxine Schnall, The Stranger In The Mirror Dissociation - The Hidden Epidemic.
Dr Marlene Steinberg' conducted her research on dissociation at Yale University School of Medicine
Dr. Steinberg has opened a private practice in Naples, Florida offering intensive treatment for those suffering from dissociative disorders.
References
American women psychologists
American psychologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
The 1937 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1937. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land. 1937 season was mostly inactive season, as there is no known tropical cyclones in September during this season. In May, a tropical cyclone struck Acapulco, cutting that city off from the outside communication for four days, causing buildings in the city to be damaged, and caused a woman's death.
Systems
Tropical Cyclone One
On May 25, a tropical cyclone was detected south of Acapulco. The cyclone headed northwards, made landfall directly at Acapulco that day. Weather associated with this tropical cyclone made it to the Gulf of Mexico, where they became a depression in the Bay of Campeche on May 27. However, this depression never developed into anything.
This tropical cyclone destroyed telephone and telegraph lines leading into Acapulco, cutting that city off from the outside world for four days. Numerous buildings in the city were damaged. Several fishing boats were missing, and a woman was killed when a telephone pole was blown down on her.
Possible Tropical Cyclone Two
On June 16, while west of the Revillagigedo Islands, a ship encountered a possible westward-moving tropical cyclone. The ship reported a pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Three
On June 23, a tropical cyclone was spotted developing south of Acapulco. It had fully formed by June 24, and moved northward. It then turned to the north-northeast and approached the Gulf of California, where it subsequently dissipated on June 26. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
Hurricane Four
On August 31, a hurricane was observed west of the Revillagigedo Islands. A ship measured a central pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Five
On October 24, a tropical cyclone formed well south of the Revillagigedo Islands. It rapidly headed northeast, and had approached land somewhere between Manzanillo and Cape Corrientes by October 27. At that point, the cyclone fell apart and ceased to exist. A ship reported a pressure of .
See also
1937 Atlantic hurricane season
1937 Pacific typhoon season
1930s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1937 in Mexico
Pacific hurricane seasons
1930s Pacific hurricane seasons
Palkino () is a rural locality (a village) in Lipovskoye Rural Settlement of Velsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 25 as of 2014. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Palkino is located 111 km northwest of Velsk (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tuymino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Velsky District
Myles P. Shevlin (died 1990) was an Irish republican Dublin-based solicitor known as 'the Provisionals' "legal adviser"' Shevlin represented several individuals accused of IRA membership and/or activity.
During the IRA border campaign ("Operation Harvest") of the late 1950s, Shevlin was for a time the IRA Adjutant-General and a member of its Army Council.
On 20 June 1972, he attended and took notes at a meeting of IRA representatives with William Whitelaw, the British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, in London. The representatives included Gerry Adams, Martin McGuinness and Dáithí Ó Conaill.
Death
He died at his home in Dublin in 1990.
References
External links
Irish Emigrant newspaper
Year of birth unknown
1990 deaths
20th-century Irish lawyers
Irish republicans
Lawyers from Dublin (city)
People from County Carlow
Estabraq (; also known as Mazrā) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,716, in 431 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
More Sightings is an album by saxophonist George Adams and trumpeter Marvin "Hannibal" Peterson which was recorded in Switzerland in 1984 and released on the Enja label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow stated "The intense tenor saxophonist George Adams teams up with trumpeter Marvin "Hannibal" Peterson, guitarist John Schofield and an alert rhythm section... The music has its strong moments, although nothing all that memorable occurs".
Track listing
"More Sightings" (George Adams) – 5:00
"Don't Take Your Love From Me" (Henry Nemo) – 6:47
"Soul Brother" ("Hannibal" Marvin Peterson) – 7:33
"Do We Know Where We Are Going?" (John Scofield) – 5:07
"Melanie" (Peterson) – 8:57
"I Could Really Go for You" (Adams) – 6:48
Personnel
George Adams – tenor saxophone, vocal
Marvin "Hannibal" Peterson – trumpet
John Scofield – guitar
Ron Burton – piano
Walter Schmocker – bass
Allen Nelson – drums
References
1984 live albums
George Adams (musician) live albums
Enja Records live albums
Bedara Vesha is a folk dance performed days before Holi night in Sirsi town of Karnataka. It is also known as ‘Hunter Dance'. People of Sirsi celebrate Holi with this unique folk dance every alternate year. It attracts a large crowd from different parts of the state on all the five days of Holi.
History
Bedara Vesha is a unique folk dance with a legend of 300 years. According to the legend, after the reign of ‘Vijayanagar Kings', Sirsi (then Kalyanapattana) and other southern India regions were taken over and ruled by Sonda dynasty.
In Sonda region, there was always a fear of Muslims invaders attacking. In order to protect them, the rulers appointed ‘Malleshi', a young boy from Beda community and a warrior in the Vijaynagar Empire.
Initially, Malleshi performed his duties well, but later, he became a troublemaker and a womanizer. He wanted to marry Rudrambika, who was the daughter of local leader Dasappa Shetty. She was bold and fearless; for the interest of society, she married Malleshi.
One Holi night, while Malleshi was dancing, Rudrambika threw acid in his eyes which made him blind. He then tried chasing Rudraambika to kill her but was caught by 12 villagers and burnt alive. Back then, villagers practiced ‘Sati' (a ritual where wife sets herself on fire on her husband's funeral pyre)
In appreciation of rudrambika's sacrifice, ‘Bedara Vesha' was started and is performed even today.
How is it done?
The Hunter Dance is practiced for months before the actual performance. The artists are donned with peacock feathers, mustache, cotton and red cloth, fruits, shield and sword.
Two ropes are tied to the belly of the performer and two people will hold the ropes to his back of that gigantic bundle of peacock feathers, depicting to stop the Malleshi from killing the people who come in his place. The dance will be supported by the hand drum(Tamate) players to give a rhythm to the dance. The Hunter Dance performer starts from his local street and goes on performing to the various locations of the Sirsi town overnight. The concluding part of the dance will be at the Shri Marikamba Temple. The dancer performs at his complete rage there. He again starts performing in the other locations of the Sirsi town till the daylight.
There are multiple performers. Each area there will be one person who will represent and dance throughout the city. There are some designated place where the dance will be in full form and all performers will visit those designated place once. It is also said that one dancer isn't supposed to look at the other face to face.
Popular places where it can be found
Bedara Vesha is performed in the Sirsi town of Karnataka. Another folk dance called ‘Dollu Kunitha' is also performed during Bedara Vesha.
Modern form
Nearly 50 solo artists' perform the hunter dance with whistle blowers and a troupe of drum beaters. In modern times various performances will be going on the streets along with The Hunter Dance. The Hunter Dance event is a enjoyable night out for the youngsters of the town. In recent years(2019) Hunter Dance organisers will also bring DJ to the streets, and the whole Sirsi town have got a club like look in the recent times to entertain the viewers more.
References
Holi
Carnivals in India
Folk dances of Karnataka
L'Art Nouveau may refer to:
Art Nouveau, an art movement between about 1890 and 1905
Maison de l'Art Nouveau, an art gallery opened by Siegfried Bing
Scopula mishmica is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Burma.
References
Moths described in 1938
mishmica
Moths of Asia
SymbioticA is an artistic research lab at the University of Western Australia's School of Anatomy and Human Biology. The lab looks at biology and the life sciences from an artistic point of view and has been used to research, develop and execute a number of contemporary art & science and bioart projects.
History
SymbioticA's laboratory was launched in 2000 by artists Oron Catts and Ionat Zurr, biologist Miranda Grounds, and neuroscientist Stuart Bunt. Catts and Zurr began working with biological materials as part of the Tissue Culture and Art Project (TC&A). Grounds, a senior honorary research fellow, researches skeletal muscle repair and Bunt, a professorial fellow, researches spinal cord injury and regeneration. SymbioticA was created as a transdisciplinary research laboratory for creative bioresearch that critically engages with contemporary uses of biology.
Academic Program
SymbioticA's academic program is available to artists, designers, architects, scientists and humanities scholars who wish to engage in creative bioresearch. Symbiotica offers multiple postgraduate degrees including Masters of Biological Arts (MBA) by coursework, Masters of Biological Arts (MBA) by research and Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) by research. As part of SymbioticA's transdisciplinary ethos, students undertaking the Masters by coursework are required to engage in both art and science units. Students undertaking SymbioticA's Masters by research program develop novel research under the supervision of the academic coordinator. Both master's degrees are two year programs and the PhD program is a minimum of four years. PhD researchers work independently, generating substantial and original work in their specific field of knowledge.
Residency Program
The residency program is open to practitioners from multiple fields of study including artists, scientists, designers, architects and humanities scholars. SymbioticA provides a research environment where residents engage with hands-on biological practises. Residents are provided access to laboratories and trained in scientific and technical knowledge related to their field of study. Additionally, residents are connected with mentors to ensure they can make the most of their experience. More than 60 residents have undertaken research projects at SymbioticA, including visual and performance artists, art historians, geographers, musicians, political theorists, science fiction writers and scientists. Notable residents include Kathy High, Paul Vanouse, Phil Gamblen, Orlan and the Critical Art Ensemble.
Workshops
In addition to the academic and residency programs, SymbioticA also conducts workshops within Australia and overseas. These workshops engage with contemporary biotechnologies in order to delve into larger philosophical and ethical issues surrounding the extent to which humans manipulate other living organisms. SymbioticA features workshops lasting two to five days, often demonstrating techniques common in synthetic biology, animal tissue culture and tissue engineering.
Awards
In 2007 the lab won the inaugural Golden Nica for Hybrid Arts in the Prix Ars Electronica.
References
Sources
"Culture: Artists in the Lab." Martin Kemp. Nature. 477, 278–279 (15 September 2011) doi:10.1038/477278a
"Culture: Art That Touches a Nerve." Anthony King. Nature 470, 334 (17 February 2011) doi:10.1038/470334a
"When Artists Enter the Laboratory." Dixon, et al. Science 18 February 2011: 860. DOI:10.1126/science.1203549
Symbiotica homepage
About us
External links
Home page
University of Western Australia
The voiceless bilabially post-trilled dental stop is a very rare consonantal sound reported occurring in a few spoken languages: the Oro Win and Wariʼ languages in South America and Sangtam in Northeast India. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is , and the equivalent X-SAMPA symbol is t_dB\_0.
Features
Features of the voiceless bilabially post-trilled dental stop:
It has two places of articulation:
The stop is dental, which means it is articulated with either the tip or the blade of the tongue at the upper teeth, termed respectively apical and laminal.
The trill is bilabial, which means it is articulated with both lips.
Occurrence
References
External links
Pulmonic consonants
Voiceless oral consonants
Central consonants
Trill consonants
The Regiment Huzaren Prins van Oranje was an armoured regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army, named after Prince Willem, Prince of Orange, the eldest son of King Willem II. The regiment served as part of 43 Gemechaniseerde (Mechanized) Brigade operating the Leopard 2 main battle tank.
The Regiment Huzaren Prinses Catharina-Amalia, which is a company in the 414th Panzer Battalion, is a cavalry regiment formed in late 2020 through the amalgamation of three other Dutch cavalry regiments that, at the time, existed in suspension - the Regiment Huzaren Prins Alexander, Regiment Huzaren Van Sytzama and Regiment Huzaren Prins van Oranje.
It was raised in 1815 as a militia Carabiniers regiment, and changed into a Cuirassier regiment (Regiment Cuirassiers nr. 9) in 1816. It fought with distinction against the Belgians during the Ten Day Campaign (Tiendaagse Veldtocht) in August 1831. In 1841, it was transformed into a Dragoon regiment (2nd Dragoon Regiment), followed by another transformation in 1867, when it became the 2nd Hussar Regiment. Several squadrons fought during the Nazi-invasion of May 1940 near Geertruidenberg en Keizersveer, preventing an SS-Brigade from crossing a vital bridge. The regiment was disbanded after the armistice in 1940, but was raised again in 1978, as the Regiment Huzaren Prins van Oranje.
Battle honour
Tiendaagse Veldtocht 1831
External links
Dutch Cavalry Museum
Huzaren Prins van Oranje
The 2019–20 season was Bangladesh Police Football Club's 48th season since its establishment in 1972 and their first-ever season in the top flight, Bangladesh Premier League.
On 16 March 2020, All sorts of sports activities in Bangladesh were postponed until March 31 as a precaution to combat the spread of coronavirus in the country, according to a press release issued by the Ministry of Youth and Sports. Following that, Bangladesh Football Federation (BFF) postponed all Bangladesh Premier League matches until March 31.
On 17 May 2020, The BFF executive committee, following an emergency meeting, declared the 12th edition of the league abandoned, scrapping promotion and relegation while cancelling the Independence Cup from the calendar.
Summary
Pre-season
After promoting to the top-tier league, Police FC announced Nicolas Vitorovic as their head coach for upcoming season on August. They signed Antonio Laskov, Luka Rotkovic, Aidar Mambetaliev, former Kyrgyzstan international Artur Muladjanov & Victor Onyilo to fill up foreign quota. However, Victor was replaced by Puerto Rico national team captain Sidney Rivera. They also signed Bangladesh origin American footballer Sanjay Karim, which made headlines. He practiced with the team for 2 months but couldn't play in domestic leagues & cups as he doesn't have ITC. So his contract was terminated in January 2019.
Police FC played 4 friendlies in October & November. Police FC participated in a pre-season tournament Mymensingh DFA Challenge Cup, along with Saif SC & Chittagong Abahani. The first game was won in tie-breaker against Chittagong Abahani. The second game also won against Saif SC in tie-breaker & Police FC qualified for the final. The final match was lost by 1–0 against Chittagong Abahani & ended the pre-season with runners-up medal.
December
Police FC started 2019–20 season on 18 December. They played their first Federation Cup game in 30 years. The match was lost by 4–0 against Dhaka Abahani. However, the second game was won by 3–1 against Arambagh KS on 21 December & qualified for quarterfinal. Sidney scored a brace & Shadin scored other in added time. In quarterfinal, Police FC faced Saif SC on 31 December. The match was also won by 3–1. Sidney scored a back to back brace when Bablu scored other. Police FC qualified for the first-ever semi-final of their history.
January
On 3 January, the Federation Cup semi-final was lost by 3–0 against defending runners-up Bashundhara Kings. Thus, the Federation Cup campaign of Police FC ended.
February
On 16 February, Police FC started their first BPL season against defending runners-up Dhaka Abahani. The match was lost by 2–0. On 20 February, Police FC held defending champion Bashundhara Kings by 1-1. Nurul Faisal of Bashundhara scored an own goal. Police faced another newly promoted team Uttar Baridhara on 24 February. Police FC won the match by 2-1 & grabbed their first victory as Sidney & Laskov found the net.
March
Police FC were held by Brother Union on 6 march. Bablu scored the goal for Police & the natch ended in 1-1. On 13 March, Police FC tested second defeat against Rahmatganj MFS by 2–0.
The other matches of the month were postponed due to COVID-19 pandemic .
Pre-season and friendlies
Current squad
Bangladesh Police FC squad for 2019–20 season.
Competition
Overview
Federation Cup
Group A
Knockout stage
Premier League
League Table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
References
Bangladesh Championship League seasons
2019–20 in Asian association football leagues
2020 in Bangladeshi football
2019 in Bangladeshi football
John Strutt Lauder (1829–1900) was Dean of Ottawa from 1897 until his death.
Lauder was educated at Trinity College, Toronto and ordained in 1854. After a curacy at St. Catharines he held incumbencies at Carleton Place and Merrickville. In 1856 he married Henrietta Lyon of Richmond, Ontario. He was Archdeacon of Ottawa from 1874 to 1897.
Notes
University of Toronto alumni
Archdeacons of Ottawa
Deans of Ottawa
19th-century Canadian Anglican priests
1829 births
1900 deaths
Hallmark Guitars is an American guitar manufacturer. The company was founded in 1966 by Joe Hall, formerly of Mosrite.
First incarnation, 1966-68
During its first short-lived existence, the company produced a series of guitars called the "Swept Wing," a rather "bizarre instrument," its only model. It first appeared as a semisolid-body guitar; later a solid-body model and a 12-string version were made, even a double neck. The company declared bankruptcy in 1968.
Return of Hallmark
Hallmark Guitars was restarted by Bob Shade, a guitar builder and enthusiast from Maryland, who acquired the rights to the name from Joe Hall in the late 1990s. On an individual basis, he builds Hallmarks out of his shop in Maryland; mass-produced Hallmark SweptWings are also available.
External links
Hallmark Guitars
References
Guitar manufacturing companies of the United States
Manufacturing companies established in 1966
1966 establishments in the United States
The list of ships built at Hietalahti shipyard in Helsinki, Finland, is divided into three parts:
List of ships built at Hietalahti shipyard (1–200)
List of ships built at Hietalahti shipyard (201–400)
List of ships built at Hietalahti shipyard (401 onwards)
Hietalahti
The Director-General of Security is the executive officer of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation (ASIO), Australia's national security agency. The Director-General, through ASIO, has overall responsibility for the protection of the country and its citizens from espionage, sabotage (especially sabotage of critical infrastructure), politically motivated violence, attacks on the Australian defence system, terrorism and acts of foreign interference.
The Director-General is assisted by two Deputy Directors-General, although only one of the former Deputies, David Fricker, has been publicly identified. David Fricker left ASIO in 2011. The Director-General is subject to the directions of the Attorney-General, although convention allows the Director-General direct access to the Prime Minister. The Director-General of Security is often regarded as Australia's 'top spy', even though they may not have been previously engaged in intelligence upon appointment. The incumbent Director-General is Mike Burgess, appointed on 16 September 2019.
The Director-General is appointed by the Governor-General on the advice of the Prime Minister and holds office under the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation Act 1979. The normal term of appointment is limited to seven years, although the Director-General is eligible for reappointment.
Directors-General of Security
See also
William Simpson – Director-General of Security in Australia from 1942 to 1945
References
External links
List of Directors-General of Security on the ASIO website
1949 establishments in Australia
Australian Security Intelligence Organisation
Ian Little (born 10 December 1973) is a former Scottish football player and coach.
During his playing career, Little represented Berwick Rangers, Livingston, Stenhousemuir and Alloa Athletic.
Little had spells as manager of Vale of Leithen, Heriot Watt University, Livingston Under 20s, a brief caretaker role at Tranent Juniors, Whitehill Welfare, and Berwick Rangers.
Little was made caretaker manager of Berwick Rangers after Jimmy Crease left the club in October 2011. After some good results, Berwick announced in mid-November that Little would stay in charge until 31 December, when matters will be re-assessed. On 28 December 2011, Berwick Rangers announced that Little would remain as manager until at least the end of the 2011-12 season. On 17 March 2012, Berwick Rangers announced that Little would remain as manager at least until the end of the 2012-13 season. Berwick finished 4th in the 2012–13 Scottish Third Division, but lost to East Fife in the promotion/relegation play-offs. Little left Berwick in January 2014, with the club citing its lowly league position as the reason for making a managerial change.
After a spell as manager of Lowland League club Whitehill Welfare, Little returned to Berwick in May 2019 as assistant to John Brownlie, before returning to his role as manager a month later.
Berwick parted company with Little on 28 May 2021.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Player
Stenhousemuir
Scottish Challenge Cup 1995–96
Alloa Athletic
Scottish Challenge Cup 1999–2000
References
1973 births
Alloa Athletic F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Berwick Rangers F.C. managers
Berwick Rangers F.C. players
Living people
Livingston F.C. players
Scottish Football League managers
Scottish Football League players
Scottish football managers
Scottish footballers
Scottish Professional Football League managers
Footballers from Edinburgh
Stenhousemuir F.C. players
Lowland Football League managers
Spalgis is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. Spalgis are found in the Australasian realm (New Guinea), the Indomalayan realm, and the Afrotropical realm. The genus was erected by Frederic Moore in 1879.
Species
Spalgis asmus Parsons, 1986
Spalgis baiongus Cantlie & Norman, 1960
Spalgis epius (Westwood, [1851])
Spalgis jacksoni Stempffer, 1967
Spalgis lemolea Druce, 1890
Spalgis takanamii Eliot, 1984
Spalgis tintinga (Boisduval, 1833)
References
External links
Images representing Spalgis at Bold
Miletinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
Costulopsis is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae.
Species
Species in the genus Costulopsis include:
Costulopsis adusta (Cecalupo & Perugia, 2018)
Costulopsis albocincta (Melvill & Standen, 1896)
Costulopsis ambigua (Cecalupo & Perugia, 2013)
Costulopsis buzzurroi (Cecalupo & Robba, 2010)
Costulopsis denticulata (Cecalupo & Robba, 2010)
Costulopsis granata (Kay, 1979)
Costulopsis hadfieldi (Jay & Drivas, 2002)
Costulopsis impedita (Cecalupo & Perugia, 2012)
Costulopsis iuxtafuniculata (Rolán, Espinosa & Fernández-Garcés, 2007)
Costulopsis mactanensis (Cecalupo & Perugia, 2012)
Costulopsis myia (Jay & Drivas, 2002)
Costulopsis nana (Jeffreys, 1867)
Costulopsis noninii (Cecalupo & Perugia, 2012)
Costulopsis pickeringae (Jay & Drivas, 2002)
Costulopsis poppearum (Cecalupo & Perugia, 2012)
Costulopsis skolix (Jay & Drivas, 2002)
Costulopsis tenuicolorata (Cecalupo & Perugia, 2012)
Species brought into synonymy
Costulopsis albovittata (C. B. Adams, 1850): synonym of Cerithiopsis albovittata (C. B. Adams, 1850)
Costulopsis beneitoi (Rolán, Espinosa & Fernández-Garcés, 2007): synonym of Cerithiopsis beneitoi Rolán, Espinosa & Fernández-Garcés, 2007
Costulopsis familiarum (Rolán, Espinosa & Fernández-Garcés, 2007): synonym of Cerithiopsis familiarum Rolán, Espinosa & Fernández-Garcés, 2007
Costulopsis parvada (Rolán, Espinosa & Fernández-Garcés, 2007): synonym of Cerithiopsis parvada Rolán, Espinosa & Fernández-Garcés, 2007
References
Cecalupo A. & Robba E. (2010) The identity of Murex tubercularis Montagu, 1803 and description of one new genus and two new species of the Cerithiopsidae (Gastropoda: Triphoroidea). Bollettino Malacologico 46: 45-64.
Cecalupo A. & Robba E. (2019). Costulopsis nom. nov., a replacement name for the Gastropoda genus Nanopsis Cecalupo & Robba, 2010 (Mollusca: Gastropoda: Cerithiopsidae), preoccupied by Nanopsis Henningsmoen, 1954 (Arthropoda: Ostracoda: Beyrichiidae). Bollettino Malacologico. 55(1): 65-67.
Cerithiopsidae
Gastropod genera
Jagamohana Ramayana () also known as Dandi Ramayana popularly across Odisha is an epic poem composed by the 15th-century poet Balarama Dasa. This work is a retelling of the Ramayana though not a direct translation.
Synopsis
The story of this version is presented as a narration by Lord Shiva to Goddess Parvati.The plot moves as a form of dialogue between the two. The story begins with Sati and how Shiva finally gets back Sati in form of Parvati. After getting Parvati together , Shiva narrates the story of Rama to Parvati. The Plot of Ramayana begins with Dasarath's efforts of getting a son by holding a . The central plot of the Sanskrit Ramayana is followed in the text. However there are some significant departures in the sub plots and minor character. Hence it isn't a translation of original Sanskrit Ramayana. It is said that the poet hadn't read original Sanskrit Ramayana in his lifetime.And he wrote about it by getting information from local priests and folklore.
Structure
The work is written in a meter called Dandi Vritta. It is a 14 letter meter suitable for narrative style. It is a lengthy work. The epic keeps seven cantos of the original Sanskrit Ramayana. They are:
Adi Kanda -
Ayodhya Kanda -
Bana Kanda -
Kiskindha Kanda -
Sundara Kanda -
Yuddha Kanda -
Uttara kanda -
Cultural aspects
This work brought the tale of Ramayana to the Odia speaking region and it became quite popular. It faced significant opposition from the Sanskrit proponents and opponents of Odia literature. It is heavily influenced by the Jagannath culture. In multiple places the writer says that the writing is carried out by Jagannath himself. The book also enlightens some significant aspect of contemporary lifestyle. There are descriptions of pregnancy, customs and rituals followed during pregnancy etc. There descriptions of cultural practices that follows the birth of a child. There are descriptions of natural beauty of Odisha, living standards, foods, locations etc. It also contains reference to the popular Indian foods at the time such as Puri, Malpua, Laddu and Rasgulla.
Derivative works
There were multiple books written that summarised the Jagamohana Ramayana called . There were several of these abridged versions. One such work by Maheswara Dasa was just forty printed pages.
In southern Odisha, the original Odia Ramayana circulated with new material being added over the years. This eventually grew to a massive volume of 3000 pages. This version is known as .
See also
Jagamohan Ramayana in Devanagari script
Typical Selections from Oriya Literature, B C Mazumdaar, 1918
References
Hindu texts
15th-century poems
Odia literature
Robert Hall Morrison was the first president of Davidson College. Morrison, originally from Cabarrus County, North Carolina, enrolled at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, eventually graduating second in the class, behind future President James K. Polk. After graduating, Morrison entered the ministry before being appointed as president of Davidson. Morrison taught mathematics and science courses at the college. After a year as president, a typhoid fever epidemic swept through the area, taking two of his children. Morrison would later become ill and resign from the position in 1840, eventually retiring in 1849.
References
External links
Biography from the Davidson College Archives & Special Collections
Biography from NCpedia
1798 births
1889 deaths
American Presbyterian ministers
Presidents of Davidson College
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
19th-century American clergy
The 2017 Dow Tennis Classic was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the twenty-third edition of the tournament and part of the 2017 ITF Women's Circuit, offering a total of $100,000 in prize money. It took place in Midland, Michigan, United States, from 30 January–5 February 2017.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 17 January 2017
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Usue Maitane Arconada
Caroline Dolehide
Varvara Lepchenko
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Katarzyna Kawa
Alexandra Sanford
Valeria Savinykh
Katherine Sebov
The following player received entry by a lucky loser spot:
Nicole Frenkel
Champions
Singles
Tatjana Maria def. Naomi Broady, 6–4, 6–7(6–8), 6–4
Doubles
Ashley Weinhold / Caitlin Whoriskey def. Kayla Day / Caroline Dolehide, 7–6(7–1), 6–3
External links
2017 Dow Tennis Classic at ITFtennis.com
Official website
2017
HU-GO, is a single-seater ultra-light concept electric vehicle designed and built at the Automotive Engineering Department of Hacettepe University, Ankara, Turkey by a team led by Prof. Engin Tanık and Prof. Volkan Parlaktaş.
The main goal of the project is to prove that a light electric vehicle can have an acceptable range without requiring heavy and expensive batteries.
Design
Chassis and body
HU-GO has a very light (24 kg) space frame chassis made of aluminum tubes. The body, which is mounted on the chassis is made of fiberglass. Windscreen and wheel covers are made from Plexiglas. All of the components are designed (or selected) within a narrow range of safety factors to keep the weight low. As a result, HU-GO has a competitive weight of only 257 kg in total. While reducing the weight, rollover and torsional stiffness calculations have done by using finite elements method software for safety, and successful simulation results were obtained.
Batteries
LiFePO4-type batteries are used in HU-GO. Contrary to its rivals, HU-GO has a battery pack that weighs only 53 kg, which is sufficient for a range of 100 kilometers. With its energy consumption of 50 Wh/km, HU-GO is one of the least energy-consuming four-wheeled vehicles in the world. HU-GO can be fully charged in 4 hours, from a standard household outlet. Also with regenerative braking, the vehicle can charge its batteries by converting the kinetic energy to the electric energy, when the throttle pedal is released off.
Performance and handling
Beside the lightness, “fun handling” is the other design philosophy of HU-GO. For that reason, double wishbone suspensions are implemented for both axles as in the sport cars. HU-GO has a total power of 17 hp produced by two separate electric motors. This power brings HU-GO to a maximum speed of 100 km/h. HU-GO can accelerate 0 to 50 km/h in 5 seconds.
Build
90% of the production of the parts and assembly was done in the Hacettepe University Automotive Engineering Department laboratories. The project is sponsored by Hacettepe University, Hacettepe University Technopolis and Mutlu Batteries . Total cost of the prototype was about US$17,000.
References
External links
HU-GO Official Web Page
HU-GO Video
Electric concept cars
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Olchowiec () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The siege of Baghdad (1733) was a relatively short but intense siege of Ottoman-held Baghdad by the Persian army under Nader. The outcome was determined not at Baghdad but ultimately far to the north near Samara where a large relief force commanded by the Topal Pasha inflicted a decisive defeat on Nader's Persian army (the only battlefield defeat of Nader's career). The Persian besiegers were forced away with the loss of most of their equipment and saving a much exhausted garrison desperate for relief.
Commencement of the siege
Ahmad Pasha, the governor of the Baghdad Eyalat, cautiously held to the left bank of the Tigris knowing what a formidable barrier it posed to the invading Persian army. Nader camped on the east side and resorted to a ruse whereby he would fool the Ottomans by keeping a large portion of his men in and around the camp but only to gather a small hand-picked group of soldiers to march north under the cover of night.
On February 15 Nader crossed the Tigris with 2,500 and immediately moved south with another 1,500 men managing to make the crossing to follow Nader just before the bridge over the river collapsed into it. Ahmad Pasha accelerated his force up the Tigris as soon as he heard of the Persian contingent's presence on the left bank of the river. Nader's small band included three fowj of Kurdish (each "fowj" being a unit of 1,000 soldiers), Turcomen and Abdali Afghan troops which he formed up against a formidable Ottoman assault containing artillery, cavalry and janissaries (infantry).
The Turcomen and Kurds were driven back but the Abdali held long enough for the 1,500 men that crossed the Tigris before the collapse of the bridge to come from the north. Nader drew them up in formation and fed them into the battle, gradually pushing Ahmad pasha's line back until it was broken and the remnants fled towards Baghdad leaving many guns and corpses behind. Nader ordered some of the Kurds and Turcomen hanged for their cowardice in the face of danger and conversely rewarded the Abdali.
The environs of Baghdad were soon swarming with Persian soldiers as they joined their comrades from the east bank of the Tigris and began a colossal effort constructing 2,700 towers around the perimeter of the city. It is estimated that a total of 300,000 Persians were besieging the walls of Baghdad although just a 100,000 of them were soldiers.
Topal Osman Pasha arrives
The outcome of the siege however was decided many miles to the north of Baghdad near a city called Samarra where Istanbul had sent the best army it could muster under the command of the best general it had: Topal Osman Pasha. Nader arrogantly marched north to attack the Ottoman relief force instead of choosing a suitable battlefield for a defensive battle. The result was one of the most bloody engagements of Nader's campaigns with almost half the Persian army becoming 'hors de combat' with even the Ottomans losing a quarter of their army leaving a terrifying 20,000 men as casualties of the debacle.
The battle was in fact so crushingly decisive that it forced the Persian from Ottoman Iraq altogether, saving Baghdad from certain capture by Persia.
Although Nader would make a miraculous comeback from his defeat, destroying Topal Pasha's army, he still failed to capture Baghdad in his subsequent campaign (mainly because of an insurrection in southern Persia which required his immediate presence).
See also
Battle of Samara
Battle of Agh-Darband
Nader Shah
Topal Osman Pasha
References
Sources
Moghtader, Gholam-Hussein (2008). The Great Batlles of Nader Shah, Donyaye Ketab
Axworthy, Michael (2009). The Sword of Persia: Nader Shah, from tribal warrior to conquering tyrant, I. B. Tauris
Ghafouri, Ali (2008). History of Iran's wars: from the Medes to now, Etela'at Publishing
Ottoman–Persian War (1730–1735)
1733 in military history
1733 in the Ottoman Empire
1733 in Iran
Ottoman history of Baghdad
Sieges of Baghdad
Battles involving Safavid Iran
Baghdad, 1733
Góra Pudełkowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kasemdeh (, also Romanized as Kāsemdeh) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 646, in 158 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Newburyport station is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Newburyport, Massachusetts. It is located between Parker Street and U.S. Route 1 south of downtown Newburyport, and serves the Newburyport/Rockport Line. The station is the terminus of the Newburyport Branch of the line, with three parking lots totalling over 800 spaces. The Clipper City Rail Trail, running along the former right-of-way, connects the station to the town center. Newburyport station is fully accessible.
History
Former station
The Eastern Railroad's original Newburyport station was located in downtown Newburyport, near Washington Street. Opened in 1840, it was a small wooden structure with a two-track trainshed. It was replaced by a larger brick station just to the north in March 1854. The 1854 station was destroyed by fire on March 3, 1892; a large brick structure with a turret was constructed on the same spot.
By 1962 the station was privately owned and in poor condition, with deep potholes in the parking lot and a station clock running more than an hour late. Service on the Boston and Maine Railroad's Eastern Route was cut back from Portsmouth, New Hampshire on January 4, 1965, as part of a general discontinuance of the railroad's interstate service. The only service past (after June 28, past ) was a single round trip to Newburyport with an intermediate stop at .
On April 20, 1967, Newburyport began partially subsidizing the service; Rowley did not, and its station was abandoned. The final day of Newburyport service was April 1, 1976, as the town declined to continue the subsidy; service was cut back to Ipswich. That December, the MBTA bought the B&M's commuter rail assets, including the Eastern Route up to the New Hampshire state line. Freight service continued until 1984, through the line was not officially abandoned until 1984.
Modern station
After "one of the briefest abandonments on record", the line was rebuilt by the MBTA, and service to Newburyport and Rowley was reinstated on October 26, 1998. A full-length high-level platform - the MBTA's standard for new construction on routes not constrained by the need to accommodate freight operations along the same route - was built for accessibility. Since Newburyport is the terminus, trains may pull into either of the island platform's two tracks. A four-track layover yard was constructed south of the Newburyport Turnpike.
The MBTA originally planned to rebuild the station at the former downtown site. However, at the city's insistence, the new station was located to the south, where parking and the layover yard could be easily built. The station is "surrounded by nothing but swamps and warehouses" and isolated from downtown; a shuttle bus service was discontinued in 2004.
As part of the $2.1 million restoration project, a brick waiting room was built west of the tracks, incorporating two arches from the Newburyport YMCA building, which had burned in 1987. The building was complete by 1998, but it and the small coffee shop inside did not open until February 11, 2002. The coffee shop later closed; a Mexican restaurant opened in the space in 2016.
References
External links
MBTA - Newburyport
Google Maps Street View: Newburyport Turnpike entrance, Parker Street entrance, Boston Way entrance
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County, Massachusetts
Newburyport, Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1840
1840 establishments in Massachusetts
Jacques Destoop (17 June 1931 – 6 June 2022) was a French actor and painter.
Biography
He was a Sociétaires of the Comédie-Française who attended CNSAD and was married to actress Geneviève Fontanel.
Outside of his acting career, Destoop was steeped in the art of painting. He first began exhibiting his works in 1990 at the Galerie Gérard Rambaud in Paris. His paintings were inspired by the roles he played on stage, such as Cyrano de Bergerac.
Sound recordings
Les Chimères (1962)
Filmography
Cinema
(1965)
Bye bye, Barbara (1969)
(1973)
Television
(1966)
(1972)
(1980)
References
1931 births
2022 deaths
20th-century French male actors
French male painters
Artists from Paris
Male actors from Paris
Sociétaires of the Comédie-Française
French National Academy of Dramatic Arts alumni
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1569.
Events
September 28 – First complete printed Bible in Spanish translation (La Biblia, known from its title-page illustration as "Biblia del Oso" ("Bible of the Bear")), made by Casiodoro de Reina, published in Basel.
undated – Performance of the 14th-century York Mystery Plays in England is suppressed.
New books
Prose
Henry de Bracton (died c. 1268) – De legibus & consuetudinibus Angliæ (On the Laws and Customs of England), first printed
Robert Henryson (died c. 1500) – The Morall Fabillis of Esope the Phrygian, publication begins
Magdeburge Centurien (Magdeburg Centuries), volume XII
Philips of Marnix, Lord of Saint-Aldegonde – Biëncorf der Heilige Roomsche Kercke (Beehive of the Holy Roman Church, satire)
Drama
Thomas Preston – ("Cambyses", publication)
Poetry
See 1569 in poetry
Alonso de Ercilla – La Araucana, part 1
Births
January 2 – Heribert Rosweyde, Netherlandish hagiographer (died 1629)
April 16 – Sir John Davies, English poet (died 1626)
c. December? – Henry Ainsworth, English theologian (died 1622)
Unknown dates
Guillén de Castro y Bellvis, Spanish dramatist (died 1631)
Heo Gyun, Korean politician, scholar, and writer (died 1618)
Emilia Lanier, English poet (died 1645)
Hieronymus Medices, Italian philosopher and editor of work of Thomas Aquinas
Piotr Zbylitowski, Polish poet and satirist (died 1649)
probable – Barnabe Barnes, English poet and dramatist (baptised 1571; died 1609)
Deaths
January 20 – Myles Coverdale, English Bible translator (born c. 1488)
May 10 – Saint John of Avila, Spanish preacher and author (born 1500)
September 5 – Bernardo Tasso, Italian poet (born 1493)
September/October – Mikołaj Rej, Polish poet and author (born 1505)
November 29 – António Ferreira, Portuguese poet (born 1528)
Unknown date – Georg Pictorius, German physician and author (born c. 1500)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Cornel Cernea (born 22 April 1976) is a Romanian goalkeeping coach and former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. In his career, Cernea played for teams such as Petrolul Ploiești, Oțelul Galați, Steaua București or Unirea Alba Iulia, among others.
Club career
Cernea played for Grivița IRA until 1997, when he joined the Divizia B team Minerul Motru. In 1999, he returns to Grivița IRA but after only few weeks joins Petrolul Ploiești and makes Divizia A debut. In 2003, he joins Oțelul Galați for a couple of seasons, before being bought by Steaua București in 2005 for a fee of €75,000. His last team being Progresul Bucuresti he retired in 2014.
Honours
Club
Petrolul Ploiești
Divizia B: 2002–2003
Steaua București
Divizia A: 2005–2006
Supercupa României: 2006
External links
1976 births
Living people
People from Ialomița County
Romanian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Liga I players
Liga II players
CS Minerul Motru players
FC Petrolul Ploiești players
ASC Oțelul Galați players
FC Steaua București players
FC Unirea Alba Iulia players
CS Brănești players
FC Unirea Urziceni players
FCV Farul Constanța players
The Dickinson Press is a weekly newspaper printed in Dickinson, North Dakota. The Press, as the paper is colloquially known, is the official newspaper of Stark County, North Dakota, and has a modest circulation in southwest North Dakota. The paper is owned by Forum Communications.
References
External links
The Dickinson Press website
Newspapers published in North Dakota
Dickinson, North Dakota
Forum Communications Company
Astragalus subcinereus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
subcinereus
Maroof Afzal (died 10 December 2020) was a Pakistani civil servant who belonged to the Pakistan Administrative Service and served as the Establishment Secretary and Cabinet Secretary of Pakistan.
Biography
He served in BPS-22 grade as the Cabinet Secretary of Pakistan under Prime Minister Imran Khan and as Establishment Secretary under Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi. He belonged to the Pakistan Administrative Service. He is among the very few civil servants in the country's history to have served at both the coveted positions of Secretary Cabinet and Secretary Establishment; two bureaucratic posts which report directly to the Prime Minister of Pakistan. Afzal was promoted to the rank of Federal Secretary in December 2017.
Other key grade 22 positions which he held include Federal Secretary for Industries and Production and Federal Secretary for Information Technology. As a grade 21 officers, Maroof served as chairman of the Capital Development Authority and chairman of the National Highway Authority. He belonged to the 15th CTP and was batchmates with Jawad Rafique Malik, Fawad Hasan Fawad, Sikandar Sultan Raja, Rizwan Ahmed and Hussain Asghar.
After his retirement from the civil services, Afzal was appointed as member of the Federal Public Service Commission in April 2020. Later in November 2020, he was notified as Chairman of the Federal Public Service Commission however he could not take oath of his office as he contracted coronavirus. On 10 December 2020, he died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Pakistan.
See also
Government of Pakistan
References
2020 deaths
Pakistani civil servants
Government of Pakistan
Pakistani government officials
Year of birth missing
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Pakistan
Otto Schenk was a German racing cyclist. He won the German National Road Race in 1948.
References
External links
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
German male cyclists
Place of birth missing
German cycling road race champions
People from Schweinfurt
Sportspeople from Lower Franconia
Cyclists from Bavaria
Mamuri (, also Romanized as Ma‘mūrī) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 413, in 113 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Robert Strickland "Si" Bell (April 18, 1894 – March 12, 1972) was a college football player.
Georgia Tech
Bell was prominent end for the Georgia Tech Golden Tornado of the Georgia Institute of Technology. He was twice selected All-Southern.
1916
Bell was a starter for the 222–0 rout of Cumberland.
1917
He was also a member of Tech's first national championship team in 1917 which outscored opponents 491 to 17. Bell left to join the American effort in the First World War as a marine just a week after celebrating the national championship.
References
1894 births
1972 deaths
People from Spalding County, Georgia
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
American football ends
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players
All-Southern college football players
The 1908 Giro di Lombardia was the fourth edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 8 November 1908. The race started in Milan and finished in Sesto San Giovanni. The race was won by François Faber of the Peugeot team.
General classification
References
1908
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Marleyimyia is a genus of bee fly. It was named by Albert John Hesse in 1956; the name is in honor of Harold Walter Bell-Marley. it consists of three species:
M. goliath — Peninsular Malaysia
M. natalensis — Southern Africa
M. xylocopae — Southern Africa
References
Bombyliidae genera
Chorupnik (, Khorupnyk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Chorupnik
The 1978 Football Championship of Ukrainian SSR was the 48th season of association football competition of the Ukrainian SSR, which was part of the Soviet Second League in Zone 2. The season started on 2 April 1978.
The 1978 Football Championship of Ukrainian SSR was won by Metalist Kharkiv.
The "Ruby Cup" of Molod Ukrayiny newspaper (for the most scored goals) was received by SKA Kiev.
Teams
Location map
Relegated teams
Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih – (returning after two seasons)
Relocated teams
Start Tiraspol replaced Speranța Drochia (returning after eight seasons absence, previously as Dnestr Tiraspol in 1969)
Renamed teams
FC Khvylya Khmelnytskyi changed its name to FC Podillya Khmelnytskyi.
Final standings
Top goalscorers
The following were the top ten goalscorers.
See also
Soviet Second League
Notes
References
External links
1979 Soviet Second League, Zone 2 (Ukrainian SSR football championship). Luhansk football portal
1978 Soviet championships (all leagues) at helmsoccer.narod.ru
1978
3
Soviet
Soviet
football
Football Championship of the Ukrainian SSR
The Palacio de las Academias (Palace of the Academies; previously Convento de San Francisco) is a Neo-Gothic building on the Avenida Universidad in the centre of Caracas, Venezuela. It dates back to 1684 when a Franciscan convent was built on the site but in the 19th century it served as a barracks, a hospital and a college. In 1876, under President Antonio Guzmán Blanco, the Universidad de Caracas was moved to the building, whose former colonial façade was rebuilt in the Neo-Gothic style. After the university relocated to a new campus in 1952, the building became home to the National Academies. In 1965, it was listed as a national monument. The Palacio de las Academias now houses six National Academies, which are the National Academy of History, the Venezuelan Academy of Language, the Academy of Medicine, the Academy of Political and Social Sciences, the Academy of Jurisprudence, and the Academy of Physics, Mathematics and Nature.
Location
The building is located on the corner of Avenida Universidad and La Bolsa in Caracas. It can be reached via the metro at the Capitolio/El Silencio station. The Iglesia de San Francisco (Church of San Francisco) is situated to the right and south of the building and next to the palacio, having been constructed as an annex to the building when it was a convent.
History
The Convent of San Francisco was the first of many which were built in the valleys of Caracas. Founded in 1576 and built within the next ten years, it was initially under Franciscan friars until 1597 when it was transferred to the Dominicans. From 1673, laymen could study in the classrooms. It was supplemented with another building at the back in 1794, which was damaged by the great earthquake of 1812. By the 1820s, it was one of 40 convents in the city. By 1835, the National Library was situated in the convent. Diego Bautista Urbaneja was the first director (c. 1833–35).
The building gained a new façade in 1876 during the presidency of Antonio Guzmán Blanco. Initially the San Francisco Convent, then the Central University of Venezuela, the building later became known as the Biblioteca or the Central Library. Since the tenure of President Pérez Jiménez, it has been called the Palace of the Academies.
Architecture and fittings
During refurbishing work in 1876, a south courtyard was added, the north façade was extended, and the interiors were renovated. Luis Soriano and Carlos Toro Manrique were the designated architects. The modifications and additions made were in Neo-Gothic style with spires above the façade's forty bays. A central clock tower was also added, rising to a height of .
The university auditorium or paraninfo, a sumptuous hall on the north side of the building measuring by , was inaugurated in 1876. It is furnished with three central tables and a baroque tribune, or dais, with a "presidium" (lectern) under an elaborate velvet canopy, all in the Gothic Revival style. The room houses 21 portraits and two busts of famous figures. Among the most significant are Simón Bolivar by Martín Tovar y Tovar (1875), Pope Innocent XIII (artist unknown), Archbishop Francisco de Ibarra (1726–1806) by José de la Merced Rada (1830), Bishop Diego de Baños y Sotomayor (1637–1706) also by Merced Rada, and Philip V of Spain (author unknown). Other paintings depict figures who contributed to the development of Venezuelan culture and government: the lawyer and writer Miguel José Sanz (1756–1814), the Caracas-born Chilean academic Andrés Bello López (1781–1865), the German explorer Alexander von Humboldt (1769–1859), the German linguist and scientist Adolf Ernst (1832–1899) and President José María Vargas (1786–1854).
References
Further reading
Duarte C, Gasparini G., Historia de la Iglesia y el Convento de San Francisco de Caracas. Caracas: Banco Venezolano de Crédito; 1991
Former Roman Catholic church buildings
Buildings and structures in Caracas
Gothic Revival architecture in Venezuela
Government buildings in Venezuela
Buildings and structures completed in 1684
School buildings completed in 1876
Palaces in Venezuela
Tourist attractions in Caracas
Monuments and memorials in Venezuela
1684 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Illyrians may refer to:
ancient Illyrians in Southeastern Europe
population of ancient Illyria
population of Roman Illyricum
people speaking the so-called Illyrian (South Slavic)
population of French Illyrian Provinces
population of Austrian Kingdom of Illyria
followers of the Illyrian movement in the first half of the 19th century
Arts and entertainment
Illyrians, a fictional race of humanoids, including the character Una Chin-Riley, in the Star Trek franchise
See also
Illyria (disambiguation)
Illyrian (disambiguation)
Illyricum (disambiguation)
Illyricus (disambiguation)
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Armin Smajić (born 10 June 1964) is a Bosnian football manager and former player.
Playing career
Club
Born in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, back then within Yugoslavia, he played with FK Željezničar Sarajevo in the 1985–86 Yugoslav First League. Then he played with OFK Kikinda in the Yugoslav Second League. Between 1989 and 1992 he played in France with Clermont Foot. Then he returned to Serbian side OFK Kikinda and played with them in the 1992–93 First League of FR Yugoslavia. Then in 1993 he moved with Germany where he will play the rest of his career, chronologically, VfR Bürstadt, SG 01 Hoechst, Wormatia Worms, Eintracht Bad Kreuznach, SV Südwest Ludwigshafen and FC Schönmattenwag.
Managerial career
In 2006, he became player-manager of FC Schönmattenwag, and afterwards he dedicated himself exclusively to coaching, having managed a number of German clubs since then, namely, SG Bobenheim-Roxheim, Eintracht Lambsheim, ATSV Wattenheim, 1.FC Niedernhausen, TBVfL Neustadt-Wildenheid and FSG Bensheim.
References
1964 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sarajevo
Association football midfielders
Yugoslav footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
FK Željezničar Sarajevo players
OFK Kikinda players
Clermont Foot players
VfR Bürstadt players
SG 01 Hoechst players
Wormatia Worms players
Eintracht Bad Kreuznach players
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav Second League players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in France
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Serbia and Montenegro
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia and Montenegro
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina football managers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Germany
Legacy is the eleventh studio album by British heavy metal band, Girlschool, released on Wacken Records in 2008. This album celebrates the 30th anniversary of Girlschool, making it the longest running all-female metal band in activity. A few musicians that the band befriended in the many years of incessant touring lent a hand in completing the recording. The song "Legend" is dedicated to Kelly Johnson, the former Girlschool guitarist who died in 2007.
Track listing
Personnel
Girlschool
Kim McAuliffe – lead and backing vocals, rhythm guitar
Jackie Chambers – lead guitar, backing vocals
Enid Williams – lead and backing vocals, bass
Denise Dufort – drums
Kelly Johnson – "ghost" appearance
Guest musicians
Eddie Ojeda – lead guitar and solo on "Spend Spend Spend"
Neil Murray – bass on "Whole New World" and "Legend"
Phil Campbell – guitar solo on "Whole New World", guitar solo on "Just Another Day", guitar on "Zeitgeist"
"Fast" Eddie Clarke – guitar solo on "Metropolis"
J.J. French – guitar solo on "Don't Mess Around"
Lemmy Kilmister – bass, vocals and triangle on "Don't Talk To Me"
Ronnie James Dio – vocals on "I Spy (Dio/Iommi Mix)"
Tony Iommi – lead guitar on "I Spy (Dio/Iommi Mix)"
Production
Tim Hamill – producer, engineer
Rudy Sarzo – engineer for Ronnie James Dio
References
External links
Official Girlschool discography
2008 albums
Girlschool albums
Fire, Fusion & Steel is a supplement about vehicle construction published by Game Designers' Workshop (GDW) in 1993 for the science fiction role-playing game Traveller .
Description
Fire, Fusion & Steel is a 112-page softcover book designed by David Golden and Guy Garnett, with illustrations by Steve Bryant and Bryan Gibson, and cover art by Chris Foss. The focus of the book is designing various vehicles, both ground vehicles and spaceships, in accordance with both the laws of physics and the rules of Traveller. Various formulae for calculating parameters are included, as well as 225 tables of reference numbers.
For example, to calculate a rocket's thrust in newtons, the player is directed to add the rocket's mass in kilograms to the square root of the rocket's designed velocity in kilometres per hour, then divide the sum by a modifier taken from Table 119.
In his 2014 book Designers & Dragons, Shannon Appelcline commented that "1997's [Traveller] supplements [by GDW] included a few more equipment books and Fire, Fusion & Steel, an extensive vehicle creation system; together these were just the sort of thing you'd expect to find in a Traveller line."
Reception
In the January 1998 edition of Dragon (Issue #243), Rick Swan acknowledged that Traveller had always been fuelled by "hard science", but even so, he confessed "to being baffled by Fire, Fusion & Steel, a supplement so dense with numbers that it might as well be written in Chinese... it more closely resembles a physics text for precocious grad students." Swan concluded by giving the book an average rating of 3 stars out of 6, saying "For those of us who still count on our fingers, Fire, Fusion & Steel is about as appealing as a rat in our lunch box."
Reviews
White Wolf #47 (Sept., 1994)
References
Traveller (role-playing game) supplements
William Howell may refer to:
Bill Howell (cricketer) (1869–1940), Australian cricketer
William Howell (cricketer, born 1902) (1902–1987), Australian cricketer
William Howell (cricketer, born 1883) (1883–1960), New Zealand cricketer
William Howell (Barbadian cricketer) (1866-1958), Barbadian cricketer
William Devin Howell (born 1970), American serial killer
William G. Howell (born 1971), American political scientist
William Henry Howell (1860–1945), American physiologist
William J. Howell (born 1943), American politician
William R. Howell, former chairman and CEO of J.C. Penney Company, Inc
William Roe Howell (1846–1890), New York City photographer
William Thompson Howell (1810–1870), American jurist and politician
William Tudor Howell, British Conservative politician, MP for Denbigh Boroughs
William Terry Howell, for whom a Liberty ship was named
William Howell (rugby union) (1863–?), Welsh rugby union player
William D. Howell (1797–1836), American surgeon who died as a defender of the Alamo
William Barberie Howell (1865–1927), judge for the United States Customs Court
See also
Bill Howell (disambiguation)
William Howells (disambiguation)
The World Group Play-offs were four ties which involved the losing nations of the World Group first round and the winning nations of the World Group II. Nations that won their play-off ties entered the 2011 World Group, while losing nations joined the 2011 World Group II.
Belgium vs. Estonia
Ukraine vs. Australia
Germany vs. France
Serbia vs. Slovakia
Note: Ana Ivanovic decided to withdraw from this tie in March due to her ongoing poor form.
References
See also
Fed Cup structure
World Group Play-offs
António Augusto Soares de Passos (27 November 1826 – 8 February 1860), also referred to simply as Soares de Passos, was a Portuguese poet, creator of the "Ultra-Romanticism" in Portugal. Son of merchants and a follower of the Liberal ideas, having learned French and English during his youth, he entered at the University of Coimbra to graduate in Law. There, he met Alexandre Braga, Silva Ferraz and Aires de Gouveia, founding with them, in 1851, the magazine O Novo Trovador (The New Trobadour).
Having already graduated, in 1854, he returned to Porto, collaborating in the poetry journals O Bardo (The Bard) and A Grinalda (The Garland). The only book Passos published during his lifetime was his poetry book Poesias (Poetry), in 1856. The poems mostly speak of death and the wrath of God, all of them with heavy mal du siècle traces.
Having a very tumultuated life, and constantly assailed by diseases, he died in 1860, a victim of tuberculosis.
External links
Three poems by Soares de Passos
1826 births
1860 deaths
19th-century Portuguese poets
Portuguese male poets
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Romantic poets
Portuguese journalists
University of Coimbra alumni
People from Porto
19th-century journalists
Male journalists
19th-century male writers
Tuberculosis deaths in Portugal
Quadring Eaudike is a hamlet in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire, England. It lies approximately east from the A152 road, and south-east from Donington. Quadring Eaudike is within the civil parish of Quadring , a village 1 mile to the west.
The name Quadring, historically Quedhaveringe, is from the Old English meaning "muddy settlement of the family or followers of a man called Haefer".
Quadring Eaudike once contained a chapel, noted by Thomas Allen as not remaining in 1834. The previous chapel of ease was referred to in 1872 at which time a Primitive and a Free Methodist chapel existed.
In 1885 directory occupation listings included ten farmers, two blacksmiths, and the landlord of the New Inn public house. By 1933 there were seven farmers, one of whom was a cottage farmer and another a collector of Crown taxes, six smallholders, a fruit grower, and a beer seller.
References
External links
Hamlets in Lincolnshire
South Holland, Lincolnshire
The Cliff Bridge, previously known as the Spa Bridge, is a footbridge in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. Spanning the valley from St Nicholas Cliff to The Spa, it was completed in 1827 and is a Grade II listed building.
The bridge has four segmental braced iron arches on plain tapering stone piers with stone abutments; its walkway is long. It is a rare example of a multiple-span cast iron bridge.
History
With the discovery of spa waters in Scarborough in the 17th century, the southern part of the town began to receive thousands of visitors. However, although it was easy to access the Spa from the South Bay seafront, a steep descent was required to reach it from the St Nicholas Cliff area of the town.
To give access to original "Spaw" and its mineral spring, the new Cliff Bridge Company was formed in 1826 to lease the Spa from the corporation to maximise its commercial potential by erecting an elegant iron footbridge to span the chasm of the valley from St Nicholas Cliff to the Spa. It is above the valley, long and wide.
By only the next year, it was completed, though despite its fast speed of construction, it came at a cost of around £7,000 (), double the original estimate. An opening ceremony was held on 19 July 1827, during which a mail coach was pulled by horses at high speed across the bridge. Much used, it soon became a toll bridge, with a booth erected at the St Nicholas Cliff end of the bridge. For regular users, season tickets were available allowing unlimited access to the bridge and Spa for one, two or four-week periods.
In 1951, the Corporation of Scarborough purchased the bridge, removing the tolls and demolishing the toll booth.
Cliff Bridge is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a Grade II listed building, having been designated on 22 December 1953. Grade II is the lowest of the three grades of listing, and is applied to "buildings that are nationally important and of special interest".
The bridge was closed to the public from November 2009 through to April 2010 for a £700,000 general renovation project, including new timber beams spanning the full width of the bridge, replacement of the main bridge deck and refurbishment and repainting of all metal components. The bridge refurbishment made North Yorkshire County Council one of three principal winners in the 2011 Historic Bridge and Infrastructure Awards.
References
Bridges in North Yorkshire
Bridges completed in 1827
1827 establishments in England
Grade II listed buildings in North Yorkshire
Grade II listed bridges
Buildings and structures in Scarborough, North Yorkshire
Pedestrian bridges in England
Copenhagen Concert is a live album by American trumpeter Buck Clayton recorded in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1959 and released on the SteepleChase label as a double LP in 1979. A similarly titled Copenhagen Concert was recorded by Dizzy Gillespie with Leo Wright in 1960.
Critical reception
AllMusic critic Scott Yanow stated "While the group is fine on the first disc playing five instrumentals (including three of Clayton's lesser-known songs), they really come alive on the second CD when they are joined by the great swing/blues singer Jimmy Rushing. Mr. Five by Five not only is in strong voice on three standards and three famous blues but he inspired the other musicians to play some hard-swinging and colorful solos. It is for Rushing's performance that this set is chiefly recommended".
Track listing
All compositions by Buck Clayton except where noted.
Disc one
Introduction – 0:50 Additional track on CD release
"Outer Drive" – 7:22
"Swinging at the Copper Rail" – 5:20
"Moonglow" (Will Hudson, Irving Mills, Eddie DeLange) – 8:05
"Night Train" (Jimmy Forrest, Lewis Simpkins, Oscar Washington) – 13:16
"Swinging Along on Broadway, NYC" – 9:26
Disc two
Introduction – 0:21 Additional track on CD release
"Exactly Like You" (Jimmy McHugh, Dorothy Fields) – 7:24
"I Want a Little Girl" (Murray Mencher, Billy Moll) – 5:47
"Every Day I Have the Blues" (Memphis Slim) – 6:56
"'Deed I Do" (Fred Rose, Walter Hirsch) – 6:29
"Goin' to Chicago" (Count Basie, Jimmy Rushing) – 5:07
"Sent for You Yesterday" (Basie, Eddie Durham, Rushing) – 8:01
Personnel
Buck Clayton, Emmett Berry – trumpet
Dicky Wells – trombone
Earle Warren – alto saxophone, clarinet
Buddy Tate – tenor saxophone
Al Williams – piano
Gene Ramey – bass
Herbie Lovelle – drums
Jimmy Rushing – vocals (Disc two)
References
SteepleChase Records live albums
Buck Clayton live albums
1979 live albums
Josep Casadevall (born 10 September 1946) is an Andorran lawyer born in Spain and the judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Andorra.
Early life
Casadevall was born on 10 September 1946 in Girona, a city in the northeast of Catalonia, Spain. From 1970 to 1980, he was Secretary General of Andorra la Vella, the capital of Andorra, the largest and most populous of Europe's five microstates.
Legal career
Casadevall graduated in law from the University of Madrid in 1978 and began practising in Andorra in 1980, becoming Secretary General of the Bar Association in 1984 and President in 1993. From 1985 to 1998, he was Professor of Law in the Spanish National Open University.
Casadevall has been the judge in respect of Andorra at the European Court of Human Rights, a non-permanent court enforcing the European Convention on Human Rights, since 1996. Prior to 1998, appointment as a judge of the Court was a part-time appointment, however in 1998 the Court was recreated as a permanent entity and appointment became full-time. Casadevall is resident in Strasbourg, the seat of the Court. He has been President of the Third Section of the Court since 1 February 2008.
See also
European Court of Human Rights
List of judges of the European Court of Human Rights
References
External links
Website of the European Court of Human Rights
Judges of the European Court of Human Rights
Andorran judges
1946 births
Living people
Spanish emigrants to Andorra
Andorran judges of international courts and tribunals
Rim Kwang-hyok (; born 5 August 1992) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a forward for Kigwancha and the North Korea national team.
Career
Rim was included in North Korea's squad for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates.
Career statistics
International
International goals
References
External links
Rim Kwang-hyok at WorldFootball.com
Rim Kwang-hyok at DPRKFootball
1992 births
Living people
North Korean footballers
North Korea international footballers
April 25 Sports Club players
Association football forwards
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in football
Asian Games silver medalists for North Korea
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Harscheid is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Here's Your Sign is the debut comedy album of Bill Engvall. It was recorded at Mark Ridley's Comedy Castle in Royal Oak, Michigan. Following years of success doing different comedic acts, Engvall released a CD of his material, including his most famous piece (after which his debut album was named). After peaking within the top 5 on both the Heatseekers and Hot Country Albums charts, as well as the top 50 on the Billboard 200, Engvall saw his career take off, as he remains one of the most popular comedians of the 90s.
The title of this album refers to a routine framework commonly used by Engvall, which began with his stating that stupid people should have to wear warning signs that simply state "I'm stupid" so that no one will rely on them or ask them anything. He would then go on to tell several anecdotes in which someone asks an (obviously) asinine question, and the question is then answered sarcastically, followed by the statement: "Here's your sign!" For example, a trucker gets his truck stuck under an overpass, and the responding policeman asks "Hey, you get your truck stuck?" Without missing a beat, the trucker answers, "No sir, I was delivering that overpass and I ran out of gas. Here's your sign!"
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
As of 2014, sales in the United States have exceeded 881,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Credits
Executive Producer: Bill Engvall
Producer: Doug Grau and J.P. Williams
Art Direction by Laura LiPuma
Design by Laura LiPuma and Garrett Rittenberry
Digital Editing by Doug Grau and Ronnie Thomas
Engineered by Donivan Cowart and Martin Cowart
Mastering by Hank Williams
Mixed by Donivan Cowart
Photography by Dean Dixon and Susan Lambeth
Recorded at Mark Ridley's Comedy Castle in Royal Oak, Michigan
References
Bill Engvall live albums
1996 debut albums
1996 live albums
Warner Records live albums
1990s comedy albums
Stand-up comedy albums
Comedy catchphrases
"The Bandit" is a song by American rock band Kings of Leon. It was released as a digital download and for streaming on January 7, 2021, by RCA Records as the lead single from their eighth studio album When You See Yourself.
Background
The band teased the song on their Instagram account on January 1, 2021. The song was written by the band and produced by Markus Dravs.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Markus Dravs – production
Caleb Followill – songwriting
Jared Followill – songwriting
Matthew Followill – songwriting
Nathan Followill – songwriting
Sean Badum – engineering assistance
Iain Berryman – engineering
Ted Jensen – mastering
Spike Stent – mix engineering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Kings of Leon songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Caleb Followill
Songs written by Jared Followill
Songs written by Matthew Followill
Songs written by Nathan Followill
Electronics For You magazine, is India's first monthly publication for electronics engineers. It was first conceptualised at IIT Madras in 1969 by Ramesh Chopra, and was published by EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd headed by S.P Chopra and Veena Khanna.
The publisher of this magazine currently manages multiple magazines, annual events, and around 30 book titles. The company also provides hands-on training courses, and manufactures and markets Do-It-Yourself electronics projects and hobby kits. It has partnered with Mouser Electronics for their entire IoT series in India. The magazine has partnered with ELCINA to conduct events that recognise and award innovative technology companies. Additionally, the magazine sponsors the Electronics For You Prize, an award given to a student at IIT Madras each year.
Electronics For You magazine has a history of being collected and saved by engineers and technologists across India.
References
Magazine publishing companies of India
Companies based in New Delhi
Haffner og Haagaas ("Haffner and Haagaas") was a Norwegian series of textbooks in mathematics published in numerous editions between 1925 and 1979, which were the most widely used textbooks in its field in Norwegian secondary schools for half a century. The series was originally edited by Theodor Haagaas and Einar Haffner, for whom it was named. Theodor Haagaas and Einar Haffner were joint editors from 1925 to Haffner's death in 1935, and Haagaas was sole editor from 1935 to 1959. In 1959, Harald Sogn replaced Haagaas as editor. The last editions were edited by Kjell Gjævenes. The series was originally published by H.J. Haffners Forlag, and was later published by N. W. Damm & Søn. Prior to 1940, some editions appeared under the title Haagaas og Haffner.
References
Norwegian books
The Tigris chub (Petroleuciscus kurui) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the upper Tigris drainage in southeastern Turkey.
References
Petroleuciscus
Fish described in 1995
Fish of Turkey
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
KBJA (1640 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Sandy, Utah, and serving the Salt Lake City metropolitan area. The station is owned by United Broadcasting Company. KBJA broadcasts a talk radio format. Much of its schedule is paid brokered programming where the host buys time on the station and can sell advertising to support the show. KBJA's programming had once been heard on AM 630 KTKK "K-Talk" until that co-owned station ceased broadcasting and its programming was shifted over to AM 1640.
KBJA's studios and offices are on South Redwood Road in South Jordan. The transmitter is off West 2590 South, near West Derby Street, in West Valley City.
History
KDZR began as the "expanded band" twin to station KTKK, which broadcast on the standard AM band. On March 17, 1997 the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that eighty-eight stations had been given permission to move to newly available "Expanded Band" transmitting frequencies, ranging from 1610 to 1700 kHz, with KTKK, also in Sandy, authorized to move from 630 kHz to 1640 kHz.
The FCC's initial policy was that both the original station and its expanded band counterpart could operate simultaneously for up to five years, after which owners would have to turn in one of the two licenses, depending on whether they preferred the new assignment or elected to remain on the original frequency, although this deadline was extended multiple times.
KBJA first signed on in 2001. It was owned by the United Broadcasting Company, which also owned 630 KTKK. At first, KBJA aired Spanish-language talk programming. Later it added some sports programming from the ESPN Deportes Radio Network.
The station used to be run by David C. Kifuri, and other personalities from Latin America. It was a pioneer of Spanish talk in the state of Utah.
In April 2017, management decided to shut off AM 630 KTKK and sell off the property where its towers stood. KBJA 1640 dropped its Spanish talk and sports format and began simulcasting the English-language talk format from 630 KTKK. On May 1, 2017, with AM 630 now permanently dark, all programming was heard on 1640 KBJA. United Broadcasting then turned in the license for KTKK 630 to the FCC for cancellation.
References
External links
BJA
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Mass media in Salt Lake City
Radio stations established in 1997
Shunyo Awnko (English: The Zero Act) is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Goutam Ghose. The film stars Soumitra Chatterjee, Konkona Sen Sharma and Priyanshu Chatterjee in lead roles. In the film, Konkona Sen Sharma reportedly plays the role of a journalist and Priyanshu Chatterjee as a corporate officer.
Cast
Soumitra Chatterjee as Murphy
Konkona Sen Sharma as Raka
Priyanshu Chatterjee as Agni Bose
Lolita Chatterjee as Laila
Priyanka Bose as Jhilik Bose
Soundtrack
"Alap" (Tori) by Ustad Rashid Khan
"Title Music"
"Dhusor Chul" by Rupankar Bagchi
"Hridoy Amar Nache Re" by Kaushiki Chakrabarty
"Rabso Neha Laga" (Bilawal Bandish) by Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty and Kaushiki Chakrabarty
"Aloy Alokmoy Kore" by Kaushiki Chakrabarty
"Bibhotso Moja" by Anupam Roy
"Emoni Borosha Chilo Se Din" by Kaushiki Chakrabarty
"Alap" (Sindhu Bhairavi) by Ustad Rashid Khan
References
External links
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
2013 films
Films directed by Goutam Ghose
Vatra Dornei (; ; ) is a city in Suceava County, north-eastern Romania. It is situated in the historical region of Bukovina. Vatra Dornei is the fifth largest urban settlement in the county, with a population of 14,429 inhabitants, according to the 2011 census.
It was declared a municipality in 2000, being the newest and smallest municipality in the county. The city administers three villages: Argestru, Roșu, and Todireni. Vatra Dornei is a well known spa and ski resort in the Carpathian Mountains and also is home to the historic Vatra Dornei Casino.
Administration and local politics
Town council
The town's current local council has the following political composition, according to the results of the 2020 Romanian local elections:
Geography
Vatra Dornei is located in north-east Romania, in the south-western part of Suceava County, away from Suceava, the capital of the county. The city of Câmpulung Moldovenesc is away, the city of Bistrița away, the town of Gura Humorului away and the town of Broșteni away.
Vatra Dornei is at the confluence of the rivers Bistrița and Dorna, in the Dorna Depression. Because of its mountain surroundings, the city is a spa and ski resort, one of the oldest resorts in Romania. Vatra Dornei is connected to the Romanian national railway system and has two railway stations, Vatra Dornei and Vatra Dornei Băi, both historical monuments. The European route E58, that links the region of Moldavia with Transylvania, crosses the city.
History
The earliest written mention of the settlement is from 1592. Together with the rest of Bukovina, Vatra Dornei was under the rule of the Habsburg monarchy (later Austria-Hungary) from 1775 to 1918. This was a period of development for the town, which became a well known resort in the early 19th century. Between 1925 and 1950, Vatra Dornei was part of the former Câmpulung County. From 1950 to present it's part of Suceava County.
The historic Vatra Dornei Casino is located in the municipality.
Demographics
Until the early 1950s, Vatra Dornei had an ethnically mixed population of Romanians, Germans (more specifically Bukovina Germans), Ukrainians, and Jews. The large synagogue and a picturesque Jewish cemetery bear witness to the Jewish presence and historical legacy in the area.
Vatra Dornei reached its peak population in 1992, when about 18,500 people were living within the town limits. Then the city population declined gradually. According to the 2011 census, Vatra Dornei had a total population of 13,659 inhabitants. Of this population, 98.65% are ethnically Romanians, 0.64% Roma, 0.23% Germans (Bukovina Germans), 0.22% Hungarians, and 0.10% Ukrainians.
Vatra Dornei is the fifth most populated urban settlement in Suceava County, after the county capital, Suceava, and the cities of Rădăuți, Fălticeni, and Câmpulung Moldovenesc. Vatra Dornei is also the smallest and newest municipality in Suceava County.
Tourism
Vatra Dornei is a well known ski resort in the Carpathian Mountains. There are ski slopes nearby the city, attracting tourists in winter season. Vatra Dornei is surrounded by large forest areas, proper places for practicing alpine tourism. There are mineral water springs in the city limits and its surroundings, that helped the settlement to develop as a spa. In the late 19th century and early 20th century Bukovina had only two spa towns: Vatra Dornei and Solca.
Vatra Dornei has several hotels, two museums (The Ethnographic Museum and The Museum of Natural Sciences) and a few old buildings that are considered historical and architectural monuments: the casino, the main spa building, the two railway stations, the town hall, Sentinela Spring, the post office building, and a few old churches.
Natives
Vasile Deac (1824–1909), Mayor of Vatra Dornei
Liliana Ichim (born 1967), alpine skier
Alfred Kuzmany (1893–1961), army general in the Wehrmacht in World War II
Bogdan Macovei (born 1983), luger
Andrei Nilă (born 1985), footballer
Platon Pardău (1934–2002), poet and writer
Teodosie Petrescu (born 1955), cleric
Gallery
References
External links
Vatra Dornei Town Hall official site
Vatra Dornei unofficial site
Vatra Dornei touristic site
The City Hospital of Vatra Dornei
Vatra Dornei Live - Local news site
Suceava County site - Vatra Dornei web page
Photo Gallery - Old photos of Vatra Dornei
Cities in Romania
Populated places in Suceava County
Ski areas and resorts in Romania
Spa towns in Romania
Mining communities in Romania
Bukovina-German people
Jewish communities in Romania
Localities in Southern Bukovina
Monotowns in Romania
"Ni Tú Ni Yo" () is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez, featuring Cuban reggaeton duo Gente de Zona. It was written by Alexander Delgado Hernández, Lopez, Jerickson Mendoza, Jimmy Abreu, Manuel Bolivar, Marc Anthony, Oscar "Oscarcito" Hernández, Randy Malcom Martínez Amey and Álvaro Farinas, while production was handled by Arbise "Motiff" González, Julio Reyes Copello, Anthony and Hernández. The song was released digitally on July 4, 2017, by Nuyorican Productions and Sony Music Latin.
A dance and reggaeton song about "when love takes you by surprise", "Ni Tú Ni Yo" was praised by critics, who described it as a potential summer hit. While failing to chart on the US Billboard Hot 100, it charted moderately worldwide, reaching the top forty in countries such as Poland, Finland, Spain, Hungary, Switzerland and Venezuela. An accompanying music video for the single was directed by Emil Nava. It depicts Lopez falling in love with a photographer played by Khotan Fernández, and features a cameo appearance by Anthony.
Background
In March 2016, it was confirmed by Billboard that Lopez had returned to Epic Records, having previously parted ways with the label in 2010. She signed a new long-term contract that saw her reunite with longtime mentor, L.A. Reid. In October 2016, Billboard magazine confirmed that Lopez is working on her second Spanish album, which was originally set to be released in 2017 through Sony Music Latin. Her ex-husband Marc Anthony serves as executive producer for the album. Anthony described the album as "some of the best work I've ever done and some of the best work that she's ever done", and of their collaboration said: "The fact that she put her career in my hands is a massive responsibility, but no one knows her like I do ... We've always been good friends from day one, you know." "Ni Tú Ni Yo" serves as the album's first single. The single's cover art features Lopez posing in front of a sea, clothed in a 1960s-inspired yellow gown custom designed by Michael Costello. Katie Skinner of Billboard observed that the shot "fits Lopez's glamorous style and personality perfectly."
Composition
"Ni Tú Ni Yo" was produced by Oscar Hernandez "Oscarcito", Jimmy "JIMMIX" Abreu, Manuel "ManyBeat" Bolivar and Motiff. In English, the title translates to "neither you nor I". The track sees Lopez and Gente de Zona "pronounce their love for one another over a joyful production", which features a reggaeton beat and horn section. Lopez commented that the song is "really about when love takes you by surprise — 'Ni Tú Ni Yo,' 'Not You, Not Me' really expected this to happen, you know? That's what it's about, it's one of those things that when love comes, it just comes, it doesn't announce itself, and then it just takes over — ha! — you know what I mean? That's what the song is about, which is why I love it so much." She revealed that the song mirrored her own relationship with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez.
Critical response
Rolling Stone writer Brittany Spanos called the song a "vivacious dance track", noting that "Lopez's vocals stand out over the song's intricate guitars and horns." MTV UK labelled it a "future smash hit" and wrote: "Here's hoping that 'Ni Tú Ni Yo' follows the international success of other Spanish bangers like 'Bailando' and 'Despacito'." Mike Nied from Idolator echoed this sentiment, remarking that the song "may be a contender for the coveted title of Song Of The Summer", calling it a "potentially massive hit". Brooke Metz of USA Today said: "The song, with its fast pace, swinging trumpets and all-Spanish lyrics, creates the perfect soundtrack for beach days and summer nights."
Chart performance
"Ni Tú Ni Yo" peaked at number 24 in Spain, and was certified Gold by Productores de Música de España for sales of 20,000 units. In the United States, it sold 4,867 copies after two days, and later peaked at number 15 on the Hot Latin Songs chart.
Live performances
Lopez debuted "Ni Tú Ni Yo" during her first concert in the Dominican Republic at the Altos de Chavón amphitheater in April 2017. She was joined on-stage by Gente de Zona for the performance. Lopez and Gente de Zona officially premiered the song during her performance at Macy's July 4 Fireworks Spectacular, which aired the same day. It took place before a live audience at Hunter's Point South. The song became available digitally immediately after the performance which received positive feedback on social media, as well as criticism towards Lopez for "performing a Spanish song in celebration of an American holiday". Lopez wore a high-cut, double-slit embroidered gown designed by Fausto Puglisi while performing "Ni Tú Ni Yo", which also drew criticism for its revealing nature. She performed an acoustic version of the song at the Stars Together For One Voice: Somos Live! concert/telethon in October 2017, which benefited victims of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Music video
The song's official music video premiered on Telemundo on July 11, 2017. Lopez shared an image from the set of the video shoot on June 13, in which she and Gente de Zona are featured wearing Caribbean-styled outfits. The music video was directed by Emil Nava, and was shot in Islamorada, Florida Keys over two days. It features several product placements and cameos from Anthony, Mexican actor Khotan Fernández, and actor/Sprint "Test Man" Paul Marcarelli. Lopez's outfits in the music video include a red wrap dress and a canary yellow gown. According to Billboard, set in Miami, the clip "tells the story of Lopez falling in love with a photographer she met through her manager (played by ex-husband Marc Anthony), while also enjoying life in a tropical paradise." The clip begins with a potential director pitching a tropical-themed idea for the song's music video to Lopez and Anthony. This is followed by Lopez "flirtatiously" posing for the photographer while donning a number of "elaborate fashions" and "sultry poses" on a beach, in front of a plain backdrop and amid tropical foliage.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Jennifer Lopez songs
Spanish-language songs
Gente de Zona songs
Songs written by Jennifer Lopez
Songs written by Marc Anthony
Nuyorican Productions singles
Song recordings produced by Julio Reyes Copello
Princess Margaretha of Saxony, Duchess of Saxony (; 24 May 1840 – 15 September 1858) was the eighth child and fifth eldest daughter of King John of Saxony and his wife Princess Amalie Auguste of Bavaria and a younger sister of Kings Albert of Saxony and George of Saxony. She was born in Dresden, then in the Kingdom of Saxony. Through her marriage to Archduke Charles Louis of Austria, Margaretha was a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine and an Archduchess and Princess of Austria and Princess of Hungary, Croatia, Bohemia, and Tuscany.
Marriage
Margaretha married her first cousin Archduke Charles Louis of Austria, third eldest son of Archduke Franz Karl of Austria and his wife, Princess Sophie of Bavaria, on 4 November 1856 in Dresden. The marriage was happy, but only lasted two years and remained childless.
Death
On a trip to Italy, Margaretha contracted typhoid. She died on 15 September 1858 at the age of 18 in Monza. Her heart was interred in the Hofkapelle in Innsbruck.
Ancestry
References
1840 births
1858 deaths
House of Wettin
Saxon princesses
Nobility from Dresden
Austrian princesses
Deaths from typhoid fever
German Roman Catholics
Albertine branch
Burials at the Imperial Crypt
Mamuri (, also Romanized as Ma‘mūrī; also known as Kohneh Ma‘mūrī) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1990–91 season was the 82nd year of football played by Dundee United, and covers the period from 1 July 1990 to 30 June 1991. United finished in fourth place and missed out on European football for the first time in fifteen years.
Match results
Dundee United played a total of 50 competitive matches during the 1990–91 season. The team finished fourth in the Scottish Premier Division.
In the cup competitions, United lost in the final of the Tennent's Scottish Cup to Motherwell and lost in the Skol Cup semi-finals to eventual runners-up Celtic.
Legend
All results are written with Dundee United's score first.
Premier Division
United were leading Dunfermline 2–1 on 6 October when the match was abandoned due to heavy rain. The match was replayed four days later.
Tennent's Scottish Cup
Skol Cup
UEFA Cup
Player details
During the 1990–91 season, United used 25 different players comprising five nationalities. Maurice Malpas was the only player to play in every match. The table below shows the number of appearances and goals scored by each player.
|}
Goalscorers
United had 17 players score with the team scoring 67 goals in total. The top goalscorer was Darren Jackson, who finished the season with 18 goals.
Discipline
During the 1990–91 season, two United players were sent off. Statistics for cautions are unavailable.
Team statistics
League table
Transfers
In
The club signed five players during the season with a total public cost of nearly £400,000. In addition, one player played whilst on trial but left shortly afterwards.
Out
Two players were sold by the club during the season.
Playing kit
The jerseys were sponsored by Belhaven for the fourth season.
See also
1990–91 in Scottish football
References
External links
Glenrothes Arabs 1990–91 season review
1990-91
Scottish football clubs 1990–91 season
Sam Curry (born October 17, 1999) is an American bug bounty hunter, and student. He is best known for his contributions to web application security through participation in bug bounty programs, most notably finding a security vulnerability in Tesla after cracking his windshield. Curry began working as a security consultant through his company 17security in 2018, and is currently a student at the University of Nebraska Omaha.
Curry has spoken on ethical hacking, web application security, and vulnerability disclosure at conferences including DEFCON, Black Hat Briefings, and Kernelcon. In 2019, Curry identified a critical security vulnerability affecting various Jira products.
Biography
Curry grew up in Omaha, Nebraska and attended Elkhorn High School. He began hacking at the age of 12, ethically disclosing vulnerabilities to various vendors over email. At University of Nebraska Omaha, Curry works with students through the cybersecurity club NULLify.
Publications and articles
"Researchers Secure Bug Bounty Payout to Help Raise Funds for Infant's Surgery". vice.com. Retrieved June 2, 2021.
"Pega Infinity hotfix released after researchers flag critical authentication bypass vulnerability" portswigger.net. Retrieved June 2, 2021.
"We Hacked Apple for 3 Months: Here's What We Found". samcurry.net. Retrieved April 9, 2021.
"Filling in the Blanks: Exploiting Null Byte Buffer Overflow for a $40,000 Bounty". samcurry.net. Retrieved November 3, 2019.
References
Hackers
1999 births
Living people
People from Omaha, Nebraska
Where Are You? is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1989 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 3 stars, stating: "Mal Waldron's mellow and sentimental side is tapped on this session... A less demonstrative, but still quite enjoyable, Mal Waldron date."
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated
"Where Are You?" [take 1] (Harold Adamson, Jimmy McHugh) — 5:12
"Waltz for Marianne" — 21:56
"Wha's Nine?" (Reggie Workman) — 22:10
"Where Are You?" [take 2] (Adamson, McHugh) — 9:38
Recorded in New York City on June 10, 1989
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Sonny Fortune — alto saxophone
Ricky Ford — tenor saxophone
Reggie Workman — bass
Eddie Moore — drums
References
1988 albums
Mal Waldron albums
Black Saint/Soul Note albums
Major Martin John McLaren (11 January 1914 – 27 July 1979) was a British soldier and Conservative Party politician.
He was the son of Hon. Francis McLaren, Liberal MP for Spalding and Barbara Jekyll.
Career
McLaren obtained a BA from the University of Oxford in 1936, and an MA in 1941. Joining the Grenadier Guards, he rose to the rank of Major during World War II.
After the war, he held a position in the Home Office until 1947, and in 1948 became a barrister of the Middle Temple. He entered Parliament at the 1959 general election as Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Bristol North West. In 1961 he became a government Assistant Whip, and in 1963 became a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury as a full Whip. In 1964, the Home government fell and he went into opposition. He lost his seat in the 1966 general election, recovered it in the 1970 election, and lost it again in October 1974, marking an end to his political career. In July 1970 he was appointed Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Foreign Secretary, Alec Douglas-Home.
Family
On 18 September 1943, he married Nancy Ralston. The couple had three children:
Rev. Richard Francis McLaren (9 November 1946 – 28 January 2022)
Francis Andrew McLaren (5 August 1949 – 2 September 1960)
Patrick Andrew McLaren (27 September 1963 – 14 December 1990)
References
the Peerage.com
External links
1914 births
1979 deaths
Grenadier Guards officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
Martin
Ministers in the Macmillan and Douglas-Home governments, 1957–1964
The Wuxi Museum () is a museum in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China. Its exhibits date back 6000 years and it has a notable collection of Qing dynasty cannons.
See also
List of tourist attractions in China
References
Museums in Jiangsu
Buildings and structures in Wuxi
Ashu Kasim Rabo (born 20 October 1984) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in the half marathon and marathon events. Her personal bests are 68:56 minutes and 2:23:09 hours, respectively.
She has won the Istanbul Marathon (2010) and the Xiamen Marathon (2012). Ashu has represented Ethiopia internationally on three occasions: at the 2003 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, the 2006 IAAF World Road Running Championships, and in the 10,000 metres at the 2007 All-Africa Games (where she was fourth).
Career
She competed at the 2003 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships in Vilamoura, Portugal and finished in 47th place. Running at the 2006 IAAF World Road Running Championships, she finished 17th and helped the Ethiopian team of Dire Tune and Teyba Erkesso to the team silver medal. She had further success on the track the following year as she was fourth in the 10,000 metres at the 2007 All-Africa Games. She won the 15K Boilermaker Road Race in 2008.
Ashu made her marathon debut at the 2009 Paris Marathon and recorded the best of 2:25:49 for fourth place. In October she attended the Istanbul Marathon as claimed second place behind Bizunesh Urgesa. She ran at the 2010 Prague Marathon and finished in third place with a time of 2:29:54. She returned to Istanbul that year and reached the top of the podium with a course record run of 2:27:25.
She started her 2011 season with a runner-up finish at the Houston Marathon, cross the line after fellow Ethiopian Mamitu Daska. She took on Daska again at the Paris Marathon in April and outperformed her rival, but managed only sixth overall. In October she attempted to defend her title at the Istanbul Marathon, but came fourth while other Ethiopians swept the medals in the women's race.
Ashu won the 2012 Xiamen International Marathon in a new personal best time of 2:23:09. In June she was runner-up at the Freihofer's Run for Women 5K in New York. In her second Chinese race that year, she was runner-up to Feyse Tadese at the Shanghai Marathon, crossing the line in 2:24:09 hours.
A half marathon best came at the 2013 RAK Half Marathon the following February, where she ran 68:56 minutes to again finish a place behind Feyse Tadese in tenth. She placed fourth at the Rome City Marathon in March then won at the Lanzhou Marathon in June. Her best outing was her last of the year: she came third at the Shanghai Marathon in a time of 2:26:34 hours.
Ashu was the runner-up at the 2014 Seoul International Marathon, finishing behind Helah Kiprop.
Statistics
International competitions
Marathons
Personal bests
1500 metres - 4:14.03 min (2007)
3000 metres - 9:02.43 min (2005)
5000 metres - 15:32.33 min (2007)
10,000 metres - 31:46.05 min (2007)
Half marathon - 68:56 min (2013)
Marathon - 2:23:09 hrs (2012)
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Ethiopian female long-distance runners
Ethiopian female marathon runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
African Games competitors for Ethiopia
20th-century Ethiopian women
21st-century Ethiopian women
Prudhoe is a town in Northumberland, England.
Prudhoe may also refer to:
Related to Prudhoe, England
Prudhoe Castle
Algernon Percy, 4th Duke of Northumberland (1792–1865), known as Lord Prudhoe between 1816 and 1847
Prudhoe Town F.C., football club
Prudhoe railway station, railway station on the Tyne Valley line
Related to Prudhoe Bay, Alaska
Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, a census-designated place (CDP) in Alaska
Deadhorse Airport, also known as Prudhoe Airport
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field, oil field on Alaska's North Slope
Prudhoe Bay oil spill, a 2006 oil spill
BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust, New York-based owners of the oil field
People with the surname Prudhoe
Lord Prudhoe (see above)
Mark Prudhoe (born 1963), English football goalkeeper
William Prudhoe (1832–1908), mayor of Christchurch, New Zealand
Other
Prudhoe Lions, a pair of Ancient Egyptian monumental sculptures
The University of Oklahoma College of Law is the professional graduate law school of the University of Oklahoma. It is located on the University's campus in Norman, Oklahoma.
The College of Law was founded in 1909 by a resolution of the OU Board of Regents. It opened at the beginning of the next school year in September 1909. The first dean was Professor Julien C. Monnet of George Washington University Law School.
OU College of Law has been named a Best Value Law School for nine consecutive years with a current rank of 10th in the nation; consistently leading the state in Bar Exam passage rates with a 95% passage rate on the most recent exam; being a Top 20 Competition Teams school for five consecutive years with a current rank of No. 2 in the nation; launching the nation's first-ever law school Digital Initiative to prepare students for success and leadership in the 21st century legal profession, resulting in recognition as a Top 20 Most Innovative Law School and as an Apple Distinguished School; creating joint degree and certificate programs to enhance the J.D. and an online Master of Legal Studies degree.
According to OU Law's 2016 ABA-required disclosures, 83.9% of the Class of 2016 obtained full-time, long-term positions for which bar passage was required (75.5%) or for which a J.D. was an advantage (8.39%) nine months after graduation.
History
The College of Law was founded by Julien C. Monnet in 1909. From its humble beginnings of Dean Monnet, two faculty members, and 47 students, the College of Law has grown to become the pre-eminent legal institution in the state. The College of Law initially shared space in the Science Building before moving to the basement of the Carnegie Building.
In 1914, after student's extensive lobbying, the college moved into its first permanent home, Monnet Hall. The "47,000-square-foot Law Barn," as it was affectionately known, was home to the college for 62 years. As the home of the College of Law, it was witness to many events in Oklahoma (and American) history, including the admission of then-future OU Regent Ada Lois Sipuel Fisher, the first black woman admitted to the College of Law, in 1948.
Despite the additional square footage built onto the rear of Monnet Hall, the Law Center, which the College of Law and its associated entities came to be called in 1971, outgrew the building, forcing a relocation to its current home on Timberdell Road in 1976. Adding the American Indian Law Review to complement the established Oklahoma Law Review, expanding clinical legal education, and generally striving to meet the increasing demands of legal education in the late 20th century caused OU Law to once again outgrow its facilities.
In 1992, a feminist group began a nationwide fundraising campaign and then obtained matching state funds to endow a professorship at the University of Oklahoma College of Law in honor of Hill.[10][37]Conservative Oklahoma state legislators reacted by demanding Hill's resignation from the university, then introducing a bill to prohibit the university from accepting donations from out-of-state residents, and finally attempting to pass legislation to close down the law school.[10] Elmer Zinn A Million, a local activist, compared Hill to Lee Harvey Oswald, the assassin of President Kennedy.[10][37] Certain officials at the university attempted to revoke Hill's tenure.[38]After five years of pressure, Hill resigned.[10]The University of Oklahoma Law School defunded the Anita F. Hill professorship in May 1999, without the position having ever been filled.[39] (All citations refer to those on the Anita Hill page.)
Andrew M. Coats Hall
In October 1999, ground was broken on a $19 million construction and renovation project which ultimately added 80,000 square feet to the facility. Named in honor of then-Dean Andrew M. Coats, the facility features the 58,000-square-foot Donald E. Pray Law Library and the 250-seat Dick Bell Courtroom. The new library features the Chapman Reading room, modeled after the reading room in Monnet Hall, with a parquet floor reminiscent of the floors in the Louvre. The Donald E. Pray Law Library, which is open to the public, boasts the largest law collection, public or private, in the state.
The Dick Bell Courtroom is one of the largest courtrooms in the region, if not the nation, and hosts live trials from the various courts in central Oklahoma. The Bell Courtroom has hosted appellate cases from both the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals (including a death penalty appeal) and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, as well as civil trials from the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma.
On July 1, 2010, Joseph Harroz became the 12th Dean of the University of Oklahoma College of Law and 7th Director of the OU Law Center. In May 2019, Harroz became interim president of the entire University of Oklahoma and OU law professor Kathleen Guzman was appointed interim dean of the college.
Digital Initiative
In August 2014, OU Law became the first law school in the nation to launch a college-wide Digital Initiative. OU Law Digital Initiative is built around three core elements:
the common platform of iPad Pro with Apple Pencil, given to all students at no cost, for hand-writing notes and annotating documents;
a digital training curriculum that educates OU Law students to use technology for productivity in law school and in practice; and
the Inasmuch Foundation Collaborative Learning Center, which opened in September 2016, is an 8,000-square-foot space that allows students to become familiar with how technology can be used to collaborate on projects.
In May 2017, OU Law celebrated the Class of 2017's graduation, marking the first year an OU Law class collectively completed the school's Digital Initiative programming, and making the college the first law school in the nation to do so. In November 2017, OU Law launched the OU Law Center for Technology and Innovation in Practice, formally bringing together and expanding the elements of the college's Digital Initiative. In January 2018, OU Law was named an Apple Distinguished School for 2017-2019 in recognition of its Digital Initiative.
Academics
OU Law enrolls more than 700 students annually in its Juris Doctor (J.D.), Master of Laws (LL.M.), and Master of Legal Studies (M.L.S.) degree programs. The University of Oklahoma Law Center is home to the Legal Assistant Education Program.
Notable alumni
Notable graduates include former U.S. Senator and former OU President David L. Boren, business executive and former OU President James L. Gallogly, former Oklahoma Governors Frank Keating, Brad Henry, and Leon C. Phillips, Oklahoma State University President V. Burns Hargis, president of Oklahoma City University and former 10th Circuit Judge Robert Harlan Henry, New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez, former Congressman and Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness Brad Carson, former Ambassador to Saudi Arabia Robert W. Jordan, Oklahoma Attorney General Michael Hunter, Director of the Oklahoma Administrative Office of the Courts and former Oklahoma Lieutenant Governor Jari Askins, former Mayor of Tulsa Kathy Taylor, Denver Broncos owner Pat Bowlen, civil rights pioneer Ada Lois Sipuel Fisher, and former Oklahoma State Senator Gene Stipe.
Alumni serving in the judiciary include Oklahoma Supreme Court Justices Ben Arnold, David Boren, Orel Busby, Tom Colbert, Richard Darby, Denver Davison, J. Howard Edmondson, Noma Gurich, Brad Henry, Frank Keating, Steven W. Taylor, Ben T. Williams and Patrick Wyrick; Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals Judges Robert L. Hudson, Gary Lumpkin, and David B. Lewis; Choctaw tribal judge Rebecca Cryer; and former 10th Circuit Judge Alfred P. Murrah.
Long-time Oklahoma Attorney General Mac Q. Williamson also graduated from the Oklahoma University College of Law.
Employment
According to OU Law's 2016 ABA-required disclosures, 83.9% of the Class of 2016 obtained full-time, long-term positions for which bar passage was required (75.5%) or for which a J.D. was an advantage (8.39%) nine months after graduation. This is above the national average of 75.5% (64.5% bar passage required; 14.1% J.D. Advantage).
Pro bono and public service law
Pro Bono Pledge
Every year at orientation, OU Law asks every student in the incoming 1L class to sign a voluntary Pro Bono and Public Service Pledge. Students can choose to pledge either 50 hours or 100 hours of pro bono and public service over the course of their law school career. In the current 1L class (Class of 2020), a record 100% of the students signed the Pro Bono and Public Service Pledge and nearly two-thirds of those students pledged 100 hours.
In the 2017-2018 academic year, OU Law students completed a record-breaking 24,024 hours of pro bono and public service.
Legal clinics
Through the OU College of Law Civil Clinic and Criminal Defense Clinic, students represent clients from Cleveland and McClain counties who would not otherwise be able to afford counsel. Operating under the close supervision of faculty attorneys, student interns face many of the same situations and practice demands they will encounter as attorneys while being directly responsible for representation of clients as licensed legal interns practicing under the Oklahoma Supreme Court Student Practice Rules.
Costs
The total cost of attendance (indicating the cost of tuition and fees) at OU Law for the 2017-2018 academic year is $21,503 for Oklahoma residents and $33,338 for non-residents. In 2021, the cost was raised by $780 to $22,283 for Oklahoma residents and raised $1,380 to $34,718 for non-residents.
Publications
Sooner Lawyer Magazine
Oklahoma Law Review
American Indian Law Review
Oil and Gas, Natural Resources, and Energy Journal (ONEJ)
Notes
External links
University of Oklahoma College of Law
Law
Law schools in Oklahoma
Educational institutions established in 1909
1909 establishments in Oklahoma
Snow Tent was a historic settlement in Nevada County, California. The name derives from a tent set up by the first resident in 1850. Snow Tent grew into a gold mining and lumbering center, then vanished sometime after 1880.
Located in what is today the Tahoe National Forest, the Snow Tent site is on the San Juan Ridge roughly midway between North Bloomfield and Graniteville, about 16 miles northeast of Nevada City.
Snow Tent was situated near the intersection of what are Snow Tent Road and the N. Bloomfield-Graniteville Road. It was an important stop on one of the routes through Henness Pass. It still appeared on maps as of 1902.
Mining
Snow Tent lies on a rich bed of gold bearing gravel which runs from the San Juan Ridge in a southwesterly direction towards Hunt's Hill, You Bet, Dutch Flat and into Placer County. Snow Tent was the site of both hydraulic and hard rock mining. It is not clear how extensive hydraulic mining was since it does not appear from Hartwell's 1880 map that any ditch brought water to Snow Tent.
Hydraulic mining on the Ridge received a major blow from the 1884 Sawyer decision, which prohibited the discharge of tailings into the Yuba River. Hard rock or quartz mining in the area began in the 1850s and continued for some time, with occasional reports of new strikes.
Lumbering
Mining required a lot of wood and Snow Tent lay amid rich pine forests. Snow Tent's principal saw mill was owned by James Churchill. Constructed in the early 1850s, it burned down in 1857, reportedly of arson, with a loss of $8000. Mr. Churchill rebuilt the mill, and it burned again with a loss estimated at $40,000. He rebuilt it again and it finally burned down for good in 1875, again reportedly of arson with a loss of $4000. In the early 20th century, the Landsburgh brothers operated a sawmill in the area.
Stage Stop
Snow Tent was an important stop on the route between Marysville, Nevada City and the territory that would become the state of Nevada. As early as 1851, stagecoaches and freight wagons regularly operated on this route. Snow Tent's best known institution was its hotel, sometimes known as Snow Tent House, and operated for some years by Mr. L. A. Sackett. It was put up for sale in 1864 with this advertisement.
The hotel burned down in 1866, from an accidental chimney fire.
Life in Snow Tent
Snow Tent dates from the spring of 1850, when Michael Angelo Singleton, a native of Louisiana, erected a canvas tent from which he sold goods and mined, and which was snowbound during winter.
Beginning in 1851, Snow Tent had a general store operated by Furman, McIntyre & Co. It also had a livery stable attached to the hotel. It does not appear to have had a school, church or post office, commonly found in mining camps in that region. By 1880, its population was reduced to 25. It does appear to have had more than its expected share of mining camp violence. In addition to the acts of arson noted above, there are a number of reports of thefts and killings. North of Snow Tent is a stream still called Bloody Run, after the number of corpses found there.
Snow Tent Today
Snow Tent lies in a comparatively uninhabited part of the Tahoe National Forest, and there are no readily visible remains of the settlement. This 1996 painting of the area by local painter and historian David Comstock depicts Snow Tent Road behind the pond with the N. Bloomfield Graniteville Road just off to the left.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Toodyay District High School is a government combined school, located in , a town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, Australia.
Established in 1886, the school currently has 333 students in total (as of
2020), from Year K to Year 10; of whom 25 percent identified as Indigenous Australians and 15 percent of whom were from a language background other than English. The school is operated by the WA Department of Education. The school principal is David Ball.
The school district includes the town of Toodyay and surrounding agricultural areas.
History
The original Toodyay school, known as Newcastle, was built in 1886 and opened in 1887. This building is now the Uniting Church. The school was renamed Toodyay in 1910, and the school moved to its present site on the Avon River in 1954. In 1967, it commenced offering Year 8–10 classes.
A fire in 1993 destroyed most of the existing buildings and a rebuilt school was opened on the same site eighteen months later. The Toodyay District High School Parents and Citizens Association raised a substantial amount of money to re-equip these new buildings.
The closest school for Year 11 and 12 students is Northam Senior High School.
Community work
The school works in strong partnership with its local community. Each year, the school embarks on a project involving students in their community. The restoration of Newcastle Park is the product of projects involving students. Students have also been actively involved in revegetation projects along local waterways. A highlight of 2004 was a year 10 student winning a public speaking competition to earn a place on the Premier's Anzac trip to Gallipoli.
Extra-curricular activities
Many opportunities are provided for students to participate in extra-curricular activities. Students and families have hosted annual visits by Japanese students. Students have also participated in school trips to Japan. Country Week, Camps, Emergency Service Cadets and an annual Ski Trip adds to the opportunities available for students at Toodyay District High School.
Six From Borneo project
In early 2011, the Year 9 and 10 Drama students were involved in recording an updated version of the play Six From Borneo, which was originally broadcast on ABC radio in 1947. The play tells the story of over 2000 prisoners of war, held by the Japanese in Sandakan, North Borneo during World War II. The play tells the story of the Sandakan Death Marches that the prisoners were taken on, and how only six POWs, all of whom were Australian, survived by escaping. The story is relevant to Toodyay as four local men, including three brothers, were killed on the death marches. The play commenced recording in May 2011 with the help of the Toodyay community, including local radio station Toodyay Community Radio, Toodyay RSL and the Shire of Toodyay and has been broadcast periodically by Toodyay Community Radio since 2011.
See also
Education in Western Australia
List of district high schools in rural Western Australia
References
External links
School profile
Midlands Education District
Toodyay Community Radio
Country Week
Public high schools in Western Australia
1885 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1885
Buildings and structures in Toodyay, Western Australia
Public primary schools in Western Australia
Paul Andrew Daisley (20 July 1957 – 18 June 2003) was a British politician from the Labour Party who is most notable for his period as Leader of Brent Borough Council. After working as an accounting officer and for his own management consultancy, he succeeded in significantly improving the reputation of the council and pioneering anti-crime initiatives. His success led to his election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Brent East, but he was seriously ill with cancer by the time the opportunity came. Despite apparently successful treatment, he was unable to play a significant role in Parliament before a new and terminal cancer was discovered.
Early life
Born in Acton, west London, Daisley was the only son of Peter and Joan Daisley. He spent many days at his grandparents' home in Hallaton in Leicestershire. He went to Littlemore School in Littlemore, south Oxford then Abingdon College in Abingdon, where he met his future wife. He worked as an Accounting Officer for Texaco from 1976 to 1984. In 1984 he set up his own management consultancy and quality assurance company, Daisley Associates, together with his father; he was formally Director of Finance and Administration for the company.
While at Texaco in 1979, Daisley had joined the Association of Scientific, Technical and Managerial Staffs and became an active trade unionist; he joined the Labour Party in 1982 in Lewisham, feeling that "it needed all the help it could get". Daisley was to become a leading local supporter of Neil Kinnock. He married Lesley Jordan in 1984, and the two moved to Sudbury Avenue in the London Borough of Brent.
Local government
At the 1986 local elections, Daisley was an unsuccessful candidate in the then safe Conservative ward of Sudbury Court. Highly critical of the Labour administration that won the election, Daisley worked together with likeminded colleagues to rebuild the party. Although Labour lost control in the 1990 local elections, Daisley was elected as a councillor for Harlesden ward. and became Chief Whip of the Labour group after a year. His ward had a serious problem with gang violence among the black population, and Daisley's decision to confront the gangs won him local respect.
Daisley was Labour group leader from 1993 and led the party through the 1994 council elections. The Conservative administration in Brent had reduced the level of Council Tax charged, and Daisley admitted that his party might have trouble fighting the election because of it; he stressed that the council had also increased charges and rents. Although the Conservatives did not win an overall majority, their administration continued. Daisley became Leader of the Council in April 1996, when the death of a Conservative councillor placed the Conservatives in a minority; he negotiated a deal with the Liberal Democrat group which allowed Labour to gain control with the casting vote of the Mayor. After taking control Daisley reorganised the council's internal organisation so that departments were no longer failing. Labour won an overall majority in the 1998 elections.
As Leader, Daisley took on the role of tackling the crime problems of his borough, declaring that "thanks to the evil activities of a handful of people Harlesden has a reputation as a bad and fearful place" and the time had come "to take a stand against the gangsters who are a menace on our streets". He put up a series of controversial posters with the slogan "Young, gifted and dead", and set up street crime patrols modelled on those in New York which were briefed by Metropolitan Police officers and based at local police stations. He received praise for tackling crime from the Commissioner, Sir John Stevens. Daisley was initially sceptical about the redevelopment of Wembley Stadium, although the election of Ken Livingstone as Mayor of London led to a change of mind in May 2000. When the council granted planning permission for the redevelopment, it insisted on a legal agreement requiring substantial payments for improvements; Daisley became unpopular with the Football Association for taking this stance.
Long before legislation required it, Daisley made the council set up a Standards Committee and bring in a code of practice for councillors; he set up a special website for audits and investigations and encouraged residents to report suspected fraud. By the end of his term Daisley was sometimes referred to as 'the man who had put the "r" back into Brent', a statement referring to the frequent nickname 'Bent' used by Private Eye due to the council's association with corruption.
Selection for Parliament
Despite being described a 'Blairite', Daisley supported the Mayoral campaign of Brent East MP Ken Livingstone when he fought as an Independent after being defeated for the official Labour Party nomination. After Livingstone won, Daisley pressed for his readmission into the Labour Party, on the grounds that Livingstone had "gone out of his way to be conciliatory". Livingstone's election as Mayor meant giving up his Parliamentary seat, and Daisley was viewed as one of two front-runners for the nomination (his rival being Mary Turner, a leading official of the GMB union). Daisley received Livingstone's support in the fierce battle; a dispute about postal votes in the selection had to be taken to the regional party body to be resolved. Daisley's selection, as a white candidate for a very ethnically mixed constituency, was denounced by the vice-chairman of the Black Socialist Society.
Parliament and illness
In February 2001 Daisley felt suddenly unwell and was rushed to hospital where an emergency operation removed a tumour in his colon; he spent six weeks in a coma recovering from the operation. As a result, he was unable to campaign for his own election at the 2001 general election. Despite his absence, Daisley was elected with a majority of 13,047, retaining the same percentage majority which Ken Livingstone, who had personally campaigned for him, had previously obtained. He did not attend Parliament to take the oath of allegiance until 14 September, during an emergency debate on the recent September 11 attacks, the last member to take the oath in 2001, and made his maiden speech on 1 February 2002 (the last of the 2001 intake to do so). This would be his only spoken contribution to the House of Commons. Having regained his mobility after some months using a wheelchair, Daisley paid tribute to the National Health Service staff who had helped him, before speaking about the role of local authorities in helping disadvantaged areas.
Daisley's weight had fallen to seven and a half stone at the time of his treatment, and it was slowly recovering through 2002. However, in November a new cancer was discovered, and despite further surgery Daisley was told by his doctors that it was terminal. His colleague Barry Gardiner, MP for Brent North, announced the prognosis to the House of Commons on the last sitting day before Christmas. He died from colorectal cancer aged 45 on 18 June 2003.
It would be 12 years until Labour held the seat again, because in the September 2003 by-election, following Daisley's death, the seat was gained by 29-year old Sarah Teather of the Liberal Democrats. The anti-Iraq War vote played a key part in gaining the seat. At the time Teather became the youngest MP in the Commons and held the seat and its successor seat of Brent Central until 2015, when she stood down and Labour took the seat back again.
Memorials
In memory of Daisley, the Paul Daisley Trust was established in 2003 to raise awareness of colon cancer and to encourage early diagnosis. It also aims to help people suffering from colon cancer and who are undergoing treatment. It holds a regular fundraising celebrity cricket match. The main hall in Brent Town Hall was named the 'Paul Daisley Hall' in his honour.
References
1957 births
2003 deaths
People from Acton, London
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in the London Borough of Brent
UK MPs 2001–2005
Deaths from colorectal cancer
Deaths from cancer in England
Papa Moll is a comic work of children's fiction published in 1952 by Swiss author Edith Oppenheim-Jonas. It is a novel about the events in the life of a father and his family in Switzerland.
Papa Moll is created by Edith Oppenheim-Jonas, in 1952. Edith Oppenheim-Jonas mentioned to Swiss Radio Schweizer Radio DRS that she was inspired by her own family when writing the stories of Papa Moll. Edith Oppenheim-Jonas died in 2001 at the age of 93.
The Story
Papa Moll is the main character in the comic. He is a family father with a bald head and a big belly. He usually wears a tie and a jacket. His wife called Mama Moll and their three children: Willy, Fritz and Evi. The sixth member of the family is Tschips, a dachshund. Moll is a charming, clumsy, kind father and husband. Due to his traits, he gets into adventures and troubles. By which his family always accompany him through these amusements.
The book Father and Son (comics) written in 1934 by the German author Erich Ohser, was first published in the Berliner Illustrirten Zeitung. The two stories share many similarities in plot line and imagery.
Second use
Translations into French were tried, but were not published due to translation difficulties. In 2012, all books were published in Chinese.
Some of the Papa Moll books are also available as audiobooks. Kamil Krejčí, a Czech-Swiss actor, rewrote the audio books, directed and voiced Papa Moll. Other roles are played by Brigitte Schmidlin (Mama Moll), Beat Gärtner (Tschips, as well as all the animals and guest roles), Gabriela Leutwiler (Evi Moll), Ralph Vogt/Reto Mosimann/Peter Hottinger (Fritz Moll) and Peter Steiner (Willy Moll). The music for the radio plays was composed by Alexius Tschallener.
After several unsuccessful attempts, in the summer of 2016 the Papa Moll story was adapted as a feature film, titled Papa Moll and the abduction of the flying dog (Papa Moll und die Entführung des fliegenden Hundes). Based on the original, a complete cinema plot was developed and the story was expanded to include additional characters: Papa Moll works in a chocolate factory and his ambitious supervisor (Herr Stuss) makes life hard. The main role is played by Swiss actor Stefan Kurt. The film was directed by Manuel Flurin Hendry and produced by Zodiac Pictures. The premiere took place on 2 December 2017 in Baden, and the Swiss theatrical release was on 21 December 2017 .
External links
Papa-Moll website of Globi Publishing
Edith Oppenheim-Jonas''
Caspar Frei explains how the new pictures are created, video at YouTube
Official website for the feature film
Individual references
Swiss comics
Tora Torapa, written and drawn by Fournier, is the twenty-third album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the author's fourth, following the Spirou retirement of André Franquin. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine before its publication as a hardcover album in 1973.
Story
In Tora Torapa, Spirou, Fantasio, The Count, Itoh Kata and Zorglub are all gathered at Champignac, when The Triangle appears again, this time to kidnap the scientist with a dubious past, Zorglub. The heroes manage to shoot a tracking device into their abducted friend, and eventually trace the movements of the kidnappers to the island of Tora Torapa, in the past the location of an old base used by the Zorglub network. There, Triangle number one Papa Pop (cf. Papa Doc), actually one of Spirou's arch-enemies Zantafio in disguise, is waiting with evil plans for world domination, but which he needs Zorglub to set into effect.
Background
In this album, Ororéa is introduced.
Trivia
Papa Pop's henchman Mac Ravash bears strong resemblance to comics writer and Spirou magazine editor Yvan Delporte.
The album features cameos of two other famous characters in Franco-Belgian comics (also featured in the Spirou magazine); at the airport, airline hostess Natacha is seen leading the boy Benoît Brisefer.
References
Fournier publications in Spirou BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1973 books
1973 in comics
Comics set in Oceania
The Canadian Major Junior Hockey League (CMJHL) is the original name of two organizations:
The Western Hockey League was known as the CMJHL in its inaugural season of 1966–67 before changing its name to the Western Canada Hockey League
The Canadian Hockey League was originally called the CMJHL upon its founding in 1975 before shortening its name sometime later
See also
Canadian Junior Hockey League
Canadian Hockey League (disambiguation)
Hasso von Wedel (20 November 1898 – 3 January 1961) was a German general who commanded the Wehrmacht Propaganda Troops during World War II. He was directly subordinate to the head of OKW Operations Staff (Wehrmachtführungsstab, WFSt.), General Alfred Jodl. Wedel's Propaganda Department had control over the propaganda units and served to mediate between them and the Reich Propaganda Ministry of Joseph Goebbels.
After the capitulation of Nazi Germany, Wedel was taken prisoner by US troops on 6 May 1945 and released on 18 May 1946. Wedel described his experience on war propaganda in an apologetic account written between 1957 and 1958 and published after his death under the title Die Propagandatruppen der Deutschen Wehrmacht ("The Wehrmacht's Propaganda Troops"). For example, he described the relations between the Wehrmacht and civilian propaganda organizations as allegedly problematic, while they cooperated successfully and effectively throughout the war.
Wedel and Alfred Ingemar Berndt were editors of Deutschland im Kampf, a book series, 43 volumes, almost 10,000 pages, covering every battle in which the German Army, Kriegsmarine and Luftwaffe were involved, from the invasion of Poland in September 1939 to mid-1944.
Books authored (German)
Schießtechnik und Taktik des einzelnen f. M.G. in 26 Kampfaufgaben mit Lösungen. Berlin 1928
Zwanzig Jahre deutsche Wehrmacht. Berlin 1939
Der Kampf im Westen. München: Raumbild-Verlag Otto Schönstein, 1940.
Der Feldherr Adolf Hitler und seine Marschälle. Leipzig 1941
Die Propagandatruppen der Deutschen Wehrmacht. Hrsg. von Hermann Teske. Neckargemünd 1962
Germany at War (Deutschland im Kampf) (Otto Stollberg, Berlin 1939-1944). Alfred Ingemar Berndt and Hasso von Wedel, editors.
Defense Education and People's Education (Wehrerziehung und Volkserziehung) Hanseatische Verlagsanstalt Hamburg 1938
References
Bibliography
Daniel Uziel: The Propaganda Warriors. The Wehrmacht and the Consolidation of the German Home Front. Peter Lang, Oxford 2008, .
1889 births
1961 deaths
People from Stargard
People from the Province of Pomerania
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1914), 1st class
Prussian Army personnel
Reichswehr personnel
Major generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Nazi propagandists
Recipients of the Knights Cross of the War Merit Cross
Wedel family
Kelikan (, also Romanized as Kelīkān; also known as Kolahkān) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 394, in 101 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Paranecrosaurus is an extinct genus of varanoid lizards from the Eocene Messel Pits of Germany. It contains a single species, Paranecrosaurus feisti.
References
Eocene lizards
Anguimorpha
Fossil taxa described in 2021
Staplehurst Manor (also Staplers) was a manor house on the Isle of Wight, situated in the parish of Arreton.
It comprises the high ground to the north-west of Newport, and probably at one time included the land called Blacklands. It was parcel of the manor of Arreton, with which it was granted to Quarr, and is entered as a grange of that monastery in the survey of church lands in 1536.
Its later history is identical with that of Arreton Manor.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Manor houses in England
Blood Frenzy is a 1987 American slasher film directed by Hal Freeman and starring Lisa Loring.
Premise
A psychiatrist takes a group of her patients out into the desert for a therapy session. They are stalked by a killer.
Cast
Wendy MacDonald as Dr. Barbara Shelley
Tony Montero as Rick Carlson
Lisa Loring as Dory
Lisa Savage as Cassie
Hank Garrett as Dave Ash
Monica Silveria as Jean
John Clark as Crawford
Chuck Rhae as Lonnie
J'aime Cohen as Little Dory
Carl Tignino as Dory's father
Eddie Laufer as Little Lonnie
Production
The film was based on a script by Ray Dennis Steckler called Warning - No Trespassing. Ted Newsom was hired to rewrite by Hal Freeman, who had made a lot of money making pornographic films and wanted to expand into other genres. Newsom made the script a cross between Ten Little Indians and Friday the 13th. He says Freeman financed the film entirely himself.
Newsom wrote the film to be shot half on location and half in a studio but it ended up being shot entirely on location over two weeks. The film unit was based out of Barstow in California.
Release and canceled sequel
The film was released on video.
Newsom wrote a follow up for Freeman called Judgment Night about a convicted murderer who escapes prison and seeks revenge. Freeman died before it was made.
References
External links
Blood Frenzy at IMDb
1987 films
1987 horror films
1980s slasher films
American slasher films
American serial killer films
Horror films about clowns
1987 direct-to-video films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Apichat Pakwan is a Dutch-Thai band based in Amsterdam. Their music is a mix of mor lam, electronic music, dub and hiphop. They perform with their own compositions, as well as with new interpretations of classic Thai and Lao folkmusic repertory.
The music collective was founded in 2015 by Dutch musician Olivier Schreuder (electronics, compositions, traditional Thai instruments) and Thai musician Angkanang Pimwankum (percussion). They compose and perform with an alternating group of musicians from the Northeast region of Thailand, also known as Isan.
The group was called "most innovative molam hybrid" by The Bangkok Post.
Biography
The group was formed in 2015, in Khon Kaen, Isan, Thailand. At that time, Dutch musician Olivier Schreuder was studying Isan folkmusic and the kaen (Lao mouthorgan) at Khon Kaen University with Thai musician Pongsapon ‘On' Upani, who introduced him to Angkanang Pimwankum. Together with phin player Arthit Krajangsree they record their first EP called Angkanang in 2016, which was released with the Dutch-Thai label Animist Records. Four tracks of the EP are also released on two vinyl singles.
The group debuted live on the Khon Kaen Filmfestival in 2017, followed by shows in local Thai folkmusic clubs like Kittasin, and Siam Paragon Songkran Wonderland Festival 2017 in Bangkok. The group also toured for the first time in The Netherlands, with shows on the Thailand Grand Festival in The Hague and Blierock in Venlo.
In 2018 Thai singer Wimonmat ‘Wiw' Kangjantha joined the group, shifting the focus from instrumental music to more songs, sung in the Isan language. With Kangjantha they recorded their third single Leh Dub, which was chosen as one of the best singles of 2018 by The Bangkok Post. They toured in Singapore, Thailand and Laos, with highlights performing on the Jim Thompson Molam Bus stage of the Jai Thep Festival in Chiang Mai, and a live performance on Thai national TV-station Workpoint.
2019 brought more concerts in Thailand, followed by a tour in Europe, including shows on Fusion Festival (Germany), World Experience Festival (Romania), Na Fir Bolg (Belgium), Amsterdam Roots, and the Houtfestival (both in The Netherlands). Together with Thai singer Anusara ‘Bee' Deechaichana they composed several new songs in 2019. In October 2019, they released their first full album on Animist Records called Esantronics. The album was chosen as Best Asian Album of 2019 by World Music Central, and was described as "a superb album where fascinating, innovative Thai roots music meets masterfully-crafted electronica". It received a 4-star-review by the UK's Songlines Magazine. The Bangkok Post called the album "terrific" and "one of those East-meets-West experiments that works very well".
Angkanang Pimwankum and Olivier Schreuder also DJ as Apichat Pakwan, with performances at the Dutch Design Week in Eindhoven, Houtfestival in Haarlem, Ton Tann Reggae Festival, and In The Garden Festival in Khon Kaen, and nightclub NOMA (Now Our Mother's Angry) in Bangkok.
Discography
Angkanang (2016)
E-Ong Muan Sun (2017)
Angkanang EP (2017)
Leh Dub (2018)
Esantronics (2019)
Nam Ton Tad EP (2021)
External links
Apichat Pakwan on Bandcamp
References
Thai musical groups
Dutch musical groups
Mor lam musicians
Henry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,482. The county seat is Mount Pleasant. The county was named for General Henry Dodge, governor of Wisconsin Territory.
History
Henry County was formed on December 7, 1836, under the jurisdiction of Wisconsin Territory, and became a part of Iowa Territory when the Iowa Territory was formed on July 4, 1838. It was named for General Henry Dodge.
The county's first courthouse was built in 1839–1840. A larger courthouse was built in 1871, and the present courthouse was raised in the twentieth century, being placed into service on August 4, 1914.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 218/Iowa Highway 27
Iowa Highway 16
Iowa Highway 78
Adjacent counties
Washington County (north)
Louisa County (northeast)
Des Moines County (east)
Lee County (south)
Van Buren County (southwest)
Jefferson County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 20,482 in the county, with a population density of . 95.23% of the population reported being of one race. There were 8,398 housing units, of which 7,746 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 20,145 in the county, with a population density of . There were 8,280 housing units, of which 7,666 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,336 people, 7,626 households, and 5,269 families residing in the county. The population density was 47 people per square mile (18/km2). There were 8,246 housing units at an average density of 19 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.78% White, 1.49% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 1.88% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.52% from other races, and 1.07% from two or more races. 1.26% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,626 households, out of which 32.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.70% were married couples living together, 8.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 26.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.70% under the age of 18, 9.00% from 18 to 24, 29.20% from 25 to 44, 22.50% from 45 to 64, and 14.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 102.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,087, and the median income for a family was $46,985. Males had a median income of $31,801 versus $23,075 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,192. About 6.70% of families and 8.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.30% of those under age 18 and 9.30% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Coppock
Hillsboro
Mount Pleasant
New London
Olds
Rome
Salem
Wayland
Westwood
Winfield
Unincorporated communities
Lowell (CDP)
Mount Union (CDP)
Oakland Mills
Swedesburg (CDP)
Tippecanoe
Trenton (CDP)
Townships
Baltimore
Canaan
Center
Jackson
Jefferson
Marion
New London
Salem
Scott
Tippecanoe
Trenton
Wayne
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Henry County.
† county seat
Politics
Henry County is one of the most Republican counties in Iowa. It has backed Democratic Party candidates in only five elections for president from 1880 to the present.
Education
School districts include:
Danville Community School District
Fairfield Community School District
Fort Madison Community School District
Mount Pleasant Community School District
New London Community School District
Van Buren County Community School District
Waco Community School District
Winfield-Mount Union Community School District
Former school districts:
Harmony Community School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Henry County, Iowa
References
External links
County website
Henry County Tourism
Winfield Historical Society & Museum
1836 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1836
The winners of the 1997–98 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation, are listed below.
First round
West Asia
|}
1 both matches in UAE
East Asia
|}
1 Both matches played in China, 1st leg at Beijing, 2nd leg at Wenzhou.
Second round
West Asia
|}
1 Al Shabab withdrew
2 both matches in Qatar
East Asia
|}
Quarterfinals
West Asia
|}
East Asia
|}
Semifinals
Third place match
Final
References
Asian Cup Winners Cup 1998
Asian Cup Winners' Cup
2
2
In the pantheon of Mongolian shamanism and Tengrism, tngri (also tengri, tegrí) constitute the highest class of divinities and are attested in sources going back to the 13th century. They are led by different chief deities in different documents and are divided into a number of different groups—including black (terrifying) and white (benevolent), and eastern and western. While there generally seem to be 99 tngri, some documents propose three others (from the north), and while they are generally the highest divinities, some liturgical texts propose an additional group of 33 chief gods alongside the tngri. They were invoked only by the highest shamans and leaders for special occasions; they continue to be venerated especially in black shamanism. Chief among the tngri are Qormusata Tngri and (Khan) Möngke Tngri.
The term tngri is cognate with the Turkic theonym tengri "sky", Mongolian taŋɣaraɣ "oath" and tenger "sky".
Mongolian pantheon
In Mongolian shamanism, tngri constitute the highest class; they are attested already in the oldest written source in Mongolian, The Secret History of the Mongols. The highest deity, Tngri, is the "supreme god of heaven" and is derived from Tengri, the primary chief deity in the religion of the early Turkic and Mongolic peoples, and also goes by Möngke Tngri ("Eternal Heaven") or Erketü Tngri ("Mighty Heaven"); he rules the 99 tngri as Köke Möngke Tngri ("Blue Eternal Heaven"). Associated with him is another chief deity, Qormusata Tngri, described by one scholar as the more active being and compared to the Hindu god of heaven Indra. In addition to the 99 tngri, there are also "seventy-seven levels of Mother Earth" and 33 other gods; the latter, like the tngri, are ruled by Qormusata Tngri.
Origin of the tngri
Some of the tngri are self-created, a special status, though in later texts some of those tngri were said to have been created by Buddha, a possible influence of Buddhism on Mongolian folk religion. One of those self-created is Khan Möngke Tngri, who created Yesu Hei (the father of Genghis Khan) and the Mother of Fire.
The tngri and their divisions
Klaus Hesse described the complex spiritual hierarchy in clan-based Mongolian society based on sources that go back to the 13th century. The highest group in the pantheon consisted of 99 tngri (55 of them benevolent or "white" and 44 terrifying or "black"), 77 natigai or "earth-mothers", besides others. The tngri were called upon only by leaders and great shamans and were common to all the clans. Black tngri were invoked only by black shamans "against evil from outside and for securing victory in war".
To complicate matters, there is a further division among the 99 tngri: 44 are from the "eastern side", 55 from the "western side", and there are three more, from the "northern side", making a total of 102. And among the eastern and western group, there is a division in how the tngri are supplicated: in both group, the greatest multiple of 10 (40 in the east, 50 in the west) are invoked through prayer, the rest (4 in the east, 5 in the west) through sacrifice.
Walther Heissig lists a large number of further divisions—the tngri are made up of groups including the gods of the four corners, five wind gods, five gods of the entrance and five of the door, five of the horizontal, et cetera. He notes that scholars have found a complete enumeration and description of the 99 to be impossible, and that a full list of names mentioned adds up to more than 99, and that local differences occur due to different local gods being accepted and that later sources indicate the further acceptance of Buddhist deities among the tngri. A group of nine supreme tngri occurs regularly, but they are not always the same, though Qormusta Tengri and Möngke Tngri are always included among the "Nine Great Tingri".
Function
The tngri function primarily as protectors. Baγatur Tngri, for instance, is a protector of heroes in warfare, Kisaγa Tngri (an equestrian deity, known as Red Kisant Tngri among the Buryati) protects riches and the souls of people, and Ataγa Tngri is the protector of horses. Many of the functions of the tngri are specifically related to the Mongolian way of existence, especially the herding of cattle; different tngri have very specialized functions pertaining to specific animals and aspects of their raising. There are also tngri invoked for hunting and the growing of fruits and grains.
See also
Arshi Tengri
Dayisun Tngri
Qormusta Tengri
Sülde Tngri
References
Notes
Bibliography
Heissig, Walther, Geoffrey Samuel (trans.), The Religions of Mongolia (1980 [1970]), 49ff.
tr:Tengri
The Missionary Lutheran Church is the successor to the defunct Association of Independent Evangelical Lutheran Churches (AIELC) that was a church of the Augsburg Confession<ref>ELCA Yearbook Committee, Evangelical Lutheran Church in America 2018, Augsburg Fortress Publishers, Minneapolis, November 2017.</ref> founded in 1988 and incorporated in the state of New York on May 8, 2001. It was founded by The Rev. Dr. Pedro Bravo-Guzmán, The Rev. Peter Paul Brennan, and The Rev. Francis C. Spataro.
On November 10, 2019, an attempt to reestablish the AIELC following the death of Bravo-Guzmán included the removal of all existing bishops. AIELC minister, The Rev. Dr. James Walter Clifton spearheaded the movement along with several other AIELC ministers.
The attempt at reestablishment never fully materialized due to the disarray following Bravo-Guzmán's death. Records were lost and never located according to several former administrative staff members (former Secretary Christine Dobush and former Presiding Bishop and founding minister, Francis Spataro) via email to Dr. James W. Clifton. Clifton who, along with several other former AIELC ministers, continue on as the Missionary Lutheran Church with headquarters in Millersburg, IN.
Theology
As a church of the Augsburg Confession, the Missionary Lutheran Church looks to the Bible, the Book of Concord, and the writings of Martin Luther for inspiration. The church allows its clergy and members to interpret the Scriptures as each feel led by the power and inspiration of the Holy Spirit. The church takes a quaternus position regarding the Book of Concord, holding to it only insofar as it agrees with the Holy Scriptures.
The church endorses the Evangelical Heritage Bible and the Holy Bible from Ancient Eastern Manuscripts''.
Polity
The polity of the denomination is semi-episcopal. The presiding and synodical bishops oversee clergy and congregations ensuring there is no deviation from the doctrine and theology of the church and also monitor the conduct of its clergy members. While each congregation governs its own affairs, the bishops have the authority to step in to maintain the integrity of the church.
Culture
The church does not make political statements and does not participate in the so-called "culture war" which is divisive. Instead, the church takes positions on biblical issues; therefore, it is opposed to same-sex marriage, the ordination of practicing gays and lesbians, and abortions not medically necessary. The church advocates compassion towards those who engage in activities and behaviors with which it does not agree. The church supports the ordination of women.
See also
High Church Lutheranism
List of Lutheran denominations
References
External links
Missionary Lutheran Church
Christian denominations
Christian denominations established in the 21st century
Lutheranism in the United States
Lutheran denominations
Lutheran denominations in North America
Frances Dorsey is a former American ice skater who, during the 1950s, competed at both national and international levels and subsequently had a career with the Ice Follies.
Competition
She competed in the U.S. National Championships, placing 2nd in 1952 and 3rd in 1954.
Competing twice in the World Championships during the same period, she placed 11th in 1951 and 5th in 1954.
Later life
Dorsey became a teacher and ice show choreographer at the Northbrook Ice Arena in Northbrook, Illinois. She subsequently retired with her husband to Santa Fe, New Mexico. She died on July 10, 2010. She was a member of the Santa Fe Figure Skating club and was a truly amazing coach. All of the skaters appreciated her unique touch that she brought to the ice. She was always in a positive mood and willing to help all the girls with their programs.
. She grew up skating with her younger sister Sherry Dorsey Cook never far behind her in competitive circles. They were known as "The Dorsey Sisters." When she was a star in Ice Follies, Frances was billed as, "The Marilyn Monroe of The Ice."
Besides skating in Ice Follies, she continued to perform ub sycg productions as Holiday on Ice, America on Ice, and authored the book, Creative Ice Skating.
As an adult, she would wake up at 4:30 am each morning doing stretches for 1 & 1/2 hours before going to the ice rink to teach skating in full makeup, and wearing stylish clothes.
"More" magazine chose her as one of the 20 most physically fit cancer survivors in the United States.
While living in Santa Fe, she became interested in horsemanship, and learned dressage riding.
References
American female single skaters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
John Herbert Orpen (30 September 1868 - 3 December 1950) was an Anglican priest in the 20th century.
He was born on 30 September 1868, educated at Selwyn College, Cambridge, and ordained for service in the Diocese of Liverpool in 1894. He held curacies in Toxteth, Beeston and Ross-on-Wye. After this he served incumbencies at Burton, Pembrokeshire, Thurston and Melton. He was commissioned as a Temporary Chaplain to the Forces on 1 October 1918, and was attached to the 1st London Reserve Brigade in Eastern Command. A son was killed in July, 1916, serving as an officer with the Lancashire Fusiliers. In 1929 he became Provost of St Edmundsbury, a post he held until 1940. From then until his death on 3 December 1950 he was Rector of Fornham All Saints.
Notes
1895 births
Alumni of Selwyn College, Cambridge
Provosts and Deans of St Edmundsbury
1958 deaths
World War I chaplains
Royal Army Chaplains' Department officers
Marco Antonio Ruíz (born 12 July 1969) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He appeared in 16 matches for the Mexico national team and was a member of the Mexico squad at the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup, where he played in all three matches.
Career
Nicknamed "Chima," Ruiz made his debut in 1986, with Tampico Madero "Jaiba Brava", where he received a fractured tibia and fibula from Fernando Quirarte in a match between Tampico Madero Vs U.de.G. . He played for several years during the 1990s with Tigres, but his career did not really shine until he joined Guadalajara in 1998. He became a frequent starter with Chivas as a left-sided attacking midfielder, small in stature but an eager dribbler. He helped Guadalajara reach the final of the Apertura championship in 1998, which ended in a loss to Necaxa. Although the club's fortunes soon entered a period of decline, Ruiz remained with Chivas for three more years until he rejoined Tigres in 2002. His final top-flight season came in the Apertura 2004 campaign.
Ruiz also represented the Mexico national team in international play. A late bloomer on the world stage, Ruiz made his international debut at the age of 31 against Ecuador on 20 September 2000, in which he scored a goal. His international career coincided entirely with the coaching tenure of Enrique Meza, who preferred him at the position of left wingback. Mexico's results dipped during the qualifying campaign for the 2002 FIFA World Cup, culminating in elimination from the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup and a home defeat against Costa Rica. Meza came under intense pressure and was eventually dismissed in June 2001, and Ruiz was never capped again by any subsequent Mexico coaches. Ruiz's last international appearance came in a 3-1 defeat against Honduras in a World Cup qualifying match on 20 June 2001.
International goals
Scores and results list Mexico's goal tally first.
Honours
Manager
Mexico U17
FIFA U-17 World Cup runner-up: 2019
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Mexican footballers
Mexico international footballers
Association football midfielders
C.D. Guadalajara footballers
A written language is the representation of a spoken or gestural language by means of a writing system. Written language is an invention in that it must be taught to children, who will pick up spoken language or sign language by exposure even if they are not formally instructed.
A written language exists only as a complement to a specific spoken language, and no natural language is purely written.
Compared to spoken language
Written languages change more slowly than corresponding spoken languages. When at least one register of a language is strongly divergent from spoken language, the resulting situation is called diglossia. However, that is still often considered one language between literary language and other registers, especially if the writing system reflects its pronunciation.
Native readers and writers of English are often unaware that the complexities of English spelling make written English a somewhat artificial construct. The traditional spelling of English, at least for inherited words, preserves a late Middle English phonology that is never used as a speech dialect. The artificial preservation of that form of the language, in writing, might make much of what is now written intelligible to Geoffrey Chaucer (1343–1400) even if the medieval writer's speech could no longer be understood.
See also
Graphocentrism
Foreign language writing aid
History of writing
History of writing ancient numbers
List of languages by first written accounts
List of language disorders
List of writing systems
Literary language
Standard language
Text linguistics
Writing
References
Further reading
Writing
Language varieties and styles
Torre Egger is one of the mountains of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in South America. It is located in a region which is disputed between Argentina and Chile, west of Cerro Chalten (also known as Fitz Roy). The peak is between Cerro Torre, the highest in a four mountain chain and Cerro Stanhardt. It is named after the Austrian alpinist Toni Egger (1926–1959), who died while attempting neighboring Cerro Torre.
First ascent
In 1976, John Bragg, Jim Donini and Jay Wilson from the United States climbed Torre Egger by climbing first to the col between the peak and Cerro Torre, the Col of Conquest, and then up the ridge to the peak. The ascent was hampered by bad weather and took from December 1975 to February 22, 1976, when the 3-person team summited.
Other ascents
1986 Psycho Vertical (Southeast Face) (UIAA ED+ VII+ A3 90deg, 950m) Janez Jeglič, Silvo Karo, Franc Knez (Slovenia), December 7, 1986.
1987 Titanic (East Pillar) (UIAA VI+ A2 7b M5 WI4, 950m), Maurizio Giarolli and Elio Orlandi (Italy), November 2 to 5, 1987.
1994 Badlands (YDS VI 5.10 A3 WI4+, 1000m) Conrad Anker, Jay Smith and Steve Gerberding (US), FA 12 December 1994.
2005 Titanic (East Pillar) (UIAA VI+ A2 7b M5 WI4, 950m) Steph Davis, Dean Potter. The first female ascent of Torre Egger and likely the first one-day ascent of the mountain.
2012 Die another day (west face) (UIAA VIII A1) Matteo Bernasconi, Matteo Della Bordella. The route ends 25m below Col de Lux.
2013 Notti Magiche (West face) (UIAA VIII A1) Matteo Della Bordella, Luca Schiera. From Col de Lux to the top, followed the Huber-Sharf, 200m of rock and ice.
2016 Titanic (East Pillar) (UIAA VI+ A2 7b M5 WI4, 950m) Marc-André Leclerc. First winter solo.
In January 2008, Rolando Garibotti and Colin Haley made the first complete traverse of the entire massif, climbing Aguja Standhardt, Punta Herron, Torre Egger and Cerro Torre together. They rate their route at YDS VI 5.11 A1 WI6 Mushroom Ice 6, with total vertical gain. This had been "one of the world's most iconic, unclimbed lines", first attempted by Ermanno Salvaterra.
References
External links
Map of Cerro Torre area
Cerro Torre on SummitPost.org
Mountains of Argentina
Landforms of Santa Cruz Province, Argentina
Torre
Última Esperanza Province
Landforms of Magallanes Region
This is a list of notable Greek restaurants. Greek restaurants typically specialize in Greek cuisine. They may also offer dishes from other various cuisines on their menus.
Greek restaurants
Alexis Restaurant, Portland, Oregon, U.S.
Berbati's Pan, Portland, Oregon, U.S.
Coney Island – in the northern United States
Daphne's Greek Cafe – a fast-casual Greek restaurant operating in the U.S. states of Arizona, California, Colorado, Oregon and Washington
Greek Cusina, Portland, Oregon, U.S.
Greek Islands – in the U.S. state of Illinois
Jimmy the Greek – a Canadian quick service restaurant franchise serving Greek and Mediterranean cuisine
Komi – a Washington, D.C. restaurant that serves Italian- and Greek-influenced dishes
Little Greek – a chain of fast-casual Greek restaurants in the U.S.
Niko Niko's – located in Houston, Texas
Olga's Kitchen – a chain of Greek-based family restaurants located primarily in the Midwestern United States
OPA! Souvlaki – a Canadian chain of Greek restaurants
Papa Cristo's – a taverna-styled Greek restaurant and market located in Los Angeles
Pithari Taverna – located in Highland Park, New Jersey
Showmars – a Charlotte, North Carolina-based restaurant chain, serving a mix of American and Greek cuisines
Yia Yia Mary's, Houston, Texas, U.S.
Zenon Taverna, New York City
See also
Lists of restaurants
References
Greek
The 15th Independent Special Forces Brigade ( is an elite unit of the Uzbek Ground Forces, being the successor to its counterpart in the Soviet Army's GRU.
Soviet history
Early existence
On the basis of the directive of the War Minister Marshal Aleksandr Vasilevsky October 24, 1950, "separate special-purpose companies" began to form in the military districts. On August 9, 1957, by the directive of the Chief of the General Staff, on the basis of the 91st company redeployed from the Far Eastern Military District to the Turkestan Military District, on October 1, 1957, the 61st Independent Special Forces Brigade was formed in Samarkand. In February 1962, on the basis of the 61st battalion, the formation of the 15th brigade in the village of Azadbash near the town of Chirchiq. The birthday of the military unit is January 1, 1963, by which the formation ended. Most of the officer corps came from the 105th Guards Vienna Airborne Division.
In the first years, the personnel of the brigade made parachute jumps at the base of the 105th in Fergana, later jumps began to be performed at the training ground in the vicinity of Chirchiq.
Initial usage
Due to the absence at that historical stage of special units as part of the Internal Troops, special purpose units of the GRU were involved in cases of suppression of riots or acts of mass civil disobedience. Examples of the involvement of the 15th Brigade military personnel for such purposes in the 1960s and 1970s are: ensuring the quarantine area during the epidemic of cholera in the Karakalpak Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in the late summer of 1965, blocking the streets of Tashkent affected by the 1966 Tashkent earthquake, suppression of riots in the city of Shymkent in 1967, providing a quarantine zone during a smallpox epidemic in the city of Aralsk in the fall of 1971.
For performing its duties, in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the Great October Socialist Revolution, the central committees of the Communist Parties of the Kazakh, Uzbek and Kyrgyz SSR awarded the unit with Honorary Red Banners.
War in Afghanistan
In connection with the start of the Soviet–Afghan War, the General Staff adopted directive No. 314/02/0061 of April 26, 1979 on the formation of 154th Separate Spetsnaz Detachment on the basis of the 15th brigade. The detachment was assigned a combat mission to support a special unit of the KGB of the USSR during an operation on the territory of Afghanistan. The unit was composed solely of (Turkmens, Tajiks, and Uzbeks), which earned it the nickname of "Muslim Battalion". 520 men from the unit guarded the residence of Afghan General Secretary Hafizullah Amin as he could not rely on Afghan troops. During Operation Storm-333, during which the battalion stormed the Tajbeg Palace in Afghanistan, 7 troops from the "Muslim Battalion" were killed.
In December 1979, on the basis of the 15th brigade, the 459th Separate Special Forces Company was formed and was sent to Afghanistan on February 9, 1980. The company was stationed near the headquarters of the 40th Army in Kabul. It received air support from the 40th Army air assets in the form of the 239th Helicopter Squadron.
On August 15, 1988, the 459th company was withdrawn to the USSR and redeployed to Samarkand.
1988–1991
On May 15 (at the beginning of the withdrawal of troops), the personnel of the brigade numbered 2,482 people, of which 302 were officers and 147 were warrant officers. On May 18, 1988, the brigade department, the 154th detachment and the 334th detachment were withdrawn to the city of Termez.
On the night of January 19, 1990, the brigade was alerted and, as part of two detachments, flew to the city of Baku, being assigned 10 units of the BTR-80. For three months, the detachments carried out operational tasks together with the Alpha Group both in Baku itself and in the western and southern regions of the Azerbaijan SSR.
Independence
Early months under Uzbek control
On July 1, 1992, the 15th brigade became part of the Armed Forces of Uzbekistan. In August 1992, the brigade took part in the liberation of the Uzbek island of Aral-Paygambar on the Amu Darya, captured by the Mujahideen.
Tajikistan
From September 1992 to the end of 1994, the 15th Brigade was actively involved in the Tajikistani Civil War on the orders of defence minister Rustam Akhmedov.
Together with the units of the Russian 201st Military Base, they participated in hostilities against the armed units of the United Tajik Opposition. The 15th brigade trained the fighters of the Popular Front of Tajikistan. In addition to direct participation in hostilities, the officers of the brigade participated in the formation of the Armed Forces of Tajikistan.
Later activities
In February 1996, the 15th brigade was reorganized into the 15th Independent Special Forces Brigade (military unit 64411). After the brigade became part of the 2nd Army Corps of the Mobile Forces of the Ministry of Defense of Uzbekistan.
The 15th brigade remained in the 2nd corps until February 1999. The main tactical task was to cover the Tajikistan–Uzbekistan border in the Angren-Olmaliq. In February 1999, the brigade was framed and transferred from the village of Azadbash to the city of Chirchik.
Commanders
List of commanders of the 15th brigade:
Nikolay Lutsev (1963–1967)
Robert Mosolov (1968–1975)
Vasily Kolesnik (1975–1977)
Alexander Ovcharov (1977–1980)
Anatoly Stekolnikov (1980–1984)
Vladimir Babushkin (1984–1986)
Yuri Starov (1986–1990)
Vladimir Kvachkov (1990–1994)
Sergey Zolotarev (1994–1995)
Tulkin Karabaev (1995–1997)
Jura Fazylov (1997–1999)
See also
Separate Operational Purpose Division
References
Special forces of Uzbekistan
Military units and formations of the Soviet Union
Military units and formations of Uzbekistan
Antonio Filocamo (Messina, 1669–1743) and his brother Paolo were Italian painters of the Baroque period.
Biography
Natives of Messina, they are noticed by Hackert in his Memorie de' Pittori Messinesi. They were educated in the school of Carlo Maratta in Rome. On their return to Messina, they established an academy, which was much frequented. They executed conjointly several works, both in oil and in fresco, in the former of which Antonio was very superior to Paolo. Their principal works are in the churches of Santa Caterina di Valverde and San Gregorio, at Messina, where they both died of the plague in 1743.
In 1712 Antonio and his brother decorated the choir of the Acireale Cathedral, depicting the Ascension of the Virgin. In the Chapel of Santa Venera, they painted the Preaching and Martyrdom of Saint Venera.
Notes
References
Attribution:
1669 births
1743 deaths
Painters from Messina
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
18th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Pupils of Carlo Maratta
Seheno Razafindramaso (born 25 July 1986) is a retired Malagasy tennis player.
Razafindramaso has a WTA singles career high ranking of 964 achieved on 10 March 2008. She also has a WTA doubles career high ranking of 727 achieved on 10 March 2008.
Playing for Madagascar in Fed Cup, Razafindramaso has a W/L record of 1–0.
ITF finals (0–1)
Doubles (0–1)
ITF Junior Finals
Singles Finals (0–1)
Doubles (12–4)
National representation
Fed Cup
Razafindramaso made her Fed Cup debut for Madagascar in 2016, while the team was competing in the Europe/Africa Zone Group III, when she was 29 years and 264 days old.
Fed Cup (1–0)
Doubles (1–0)
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Malagasy female tennis players
African Games medalists in tennis
African Games bronze medalists for Madagascar
Competitors at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Christiane Paul (; born 8 March 1974 in Berlin-Pankow) is a German film, television and stage actress.
Paul first worked as a model for magazines such as Bravo. She was 17 when she obtained her first leading role in the film . Prior to her acting career (she has no formal acting training), she studied medicine and successfully completed her studies at the Humboldt University of Berlin; however, she gave up medicine in 2006.
Filmography
(This is a selection, for the full list see )
Audio books (selection)
read by Christiane Paul:
Kafka Collection von Franz Kafka, Christiane Paul liest die Erzählung Kinder auf der Landstraße. Patmos audio 2008, .
Am Weihnachtsabend – Die schönsten Geschichten zum Fest. Christiane Paul liest die Erzählung Die Fähre. von Joan Aiken, Patmos audio 2007, .
Halbnackte Bauarbeiter. von Martina Brandl, Patmos audio 06/2007, .
Im Dunkel der Wälder. von Brigitte Aubert, Patmos audio 03/2007, .
Reliquienblut und Gottesurteil. von Rebecca Gablé, Der Hörverlag 2006, .
Sigmund Freud: Krankengeschichten, die wie Novellen zu lesen sind. Der Hörverlag 2006, .
Für immer verzaubert - Die schönsten Prinzessinnen – Geschichten. von Martina Patzer (Hrsg.), Cbj Verlag 2006, .
Morpheus. von Jilliane Hoffman, Argon Verlag 2005, .
Wie es leuchtet. von Thomas Brussig, Roof Music 2005, .
Hans Christian Andersen: Märchen. Hörcompany 2004, .
Alice im Wunderland. von Lewis Carroll, Roof Music 2003, .
Die Gesetze. von Connie Palmen, Roof Music 2002, .
Sandmännchens Geschichtenbuch. von Gina Ruck-Pauquèt, Der Audio Verlag 2009, .
Sandmännchens Geschichtenbuch 2. von Gina Ruck-Pauquèt, Der Audio Verlag 2009, .
Puck der Zwerg. von Jakob Streit, Sauerländer audio 2010, .
Die Lieblingsmärchen der Deutschen. von den Brüdern Grimm und Hans Christian Andersen, Christiane Paul liest drei Märchen, Patmos audio 2010, .
Bibliography
Paul, Christiane. Einflussfaktoren auf die perioperative Morbidität und Mortalität in der primären Hüftendoprothetik: eine retrospektive, fallkontrollierte, unselektierte Studie über 628 Implantationen. Dissertation, Humboldt University of Berlin, 2002.
Awards and recognition
Max-Ophüls-Preis for Ex – 1996
Bayerischer Filmpreis for Workaholik – 1996
Goldene Kamera as Best Upcoming Actress – 1998
Telestar nominated for Best Actress - 1998
Berliner Bär Zeitung Culture prize – 1999
TV-film festival Baden-Baden as Best Actress for Unterm Radar - 2015
International Emmy Award as best actress for lead role in Unterm Radar - 2016
German Academy Award nominated as Best Supporting Actress - 2017
Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany - 2017
Personal life
Paul was married to physician Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Schwenk from 2002 to 2006. She has a son with Schwenk and a daughter from a previous relationship. Since January 2016 Christiane Paul is married to a German physicist and lives with him in Berlin.
References
External links
Official website of Christiane Paul
1974 births
Living people
Actresses from Berlin
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
German film actresses
German stage actresses
German television actresses
20th-century German actresses
21st-century German actresses
International Emmy Award for Best Actress winners
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
"Sabotage" is the sixteenth episode of military science fiction television series Stargate Universe. The episode originally aired on May 7, 2010 on Syfy in the United States, and on SPACE in Canada. The episode was directed by, Peter DeLuise who previously directed the two episode arc, Darkness and Light. It was written by Barbara Marshall.
In this episode, the Destiny begins its journey to the next galaxy. However
Dr. Nicholas Rush (Robert Carlyle) calculates that the ship will fall 50,000 light years short of its target. To resolve this problem, Rush brings in Dr. Amanda Perry (Kathleen Munroe) to help increase the efficiency of the FTL drives. However their efforts are hampered as a hostile force has managed to disable the Destiny'''s FTL drive and begin an attack in order to gain control of the ship.
Plot
Colonel Young (Louis Ferreira) has gathered everyone in the gateroom to inform them of the situation. He issues an order for strict rationing of food and water as there are no more gates to replenish their supplies. Rush calls Young away to inform him that the ship will fall short of its destination by 50,000 light years. Brody (Peter Kelamis) suggests increasing the efficiency of the FTL drive so power will not be an issue. However, with limited knowledge of drive technology, Rush calls in Dr. Amanda Perry to help. At first Lt. James offers to exchange bodies with Perry. However, Perry uses a wheelchair and uses a respirator to breathe; James is unable to adapt and is forced to return. Wray (Ming-Na) subsequently volunteers her body so she can spend time at home.
Suddenly there is an explosion aboard the Destiny and it drops out of FTL. As Rush and Perry try to figure what has happened, there is an incoming wormhole. It's Eli (David Blue), Chloe (Elyse Levesque) and Scott who have returned. As T.J. (Alaina Huffman) checks on the health of the three, Eli explains he thought someone aboard Destiny managed to help them dial-in, as he had done nothing on his end. Young orders Eli back to work to help get the ship fixed.
Lt. James tends to Franklin (Mark Burgess) and believes despite his unresponsive affect, that he understands what is transpiring but lacks control over his body. However, James does have her doubts about this belief, citing lack of sleep caused by a nightmare about being trapped in a dark room. T.J. thinks it's just a phantom memory from Perry.
As Perry gathers calculations from Eli, she reveals to him she has feelings for Rush. After examining the situation, Perry concludes that the Destiny should now be able to make it across the void despite the overload to the FTL drive. The overload has happened in the least efficient module and bypassing it would fix the ship and increase overall efficiency. Eli decides to use a robot they found in "Faith" to aid in the repairs. Meanwhile, Young decides to send a team to the planet Eli, Chloe and Scott were occupying to gather supplies. However the hostile aliens from "Space" are there waiting, leaving no choice but to fix the Destiny.
Three weeks pass and the repairs are nearly complete. After a night of drinking from a still that Brody made, Perry invites Rush to her room. The pair attempt to get intimate but Rush stops himself, citing the events in "Human". They are interrupted by T.J. coming to collect them for a meeting with Young.
Young informs them that when James came back to her own body, she knocked the stones onto the floor, thus never wiping the stone clean. One of the aliens then used this opportunity to connect to James and sabotage Destiny before broadcasting its location. Young prepares his soldiers for the battle before he is to sit in the chair interface to try to get the FTL up and running. However, Franklin, who seems to have regained some of his faculties, tells James to take him to the chair. He takes the place of Young and orders them to leave the room. Franklin is able to engage the FTL but upon re-entering the chair room Young and James find that Franklin is missing.
Controversy
The casting call for Amanda Perry, originally to be cast as Eleanor Perry, contained some poorly chosen words which sparked controversy.
[ELEANOR PERRY] (35-40) and quite attractive. A brilliant scientist who happens to be a quadriplegic. Affected since childhood, her disability has rendered her body physically useless. However, after being brought on board the Destiny as the only person who may be able to save the ship and her crew from certain annihilation, she is given temporary powers that enable her to walk again and to finally experience intimacy.sptv050769..Strong guest lead. NAMES PREFERRED. ACTRESS MUST BE PHYSICALLY THIN. (THINK CALISTA FLOCKHART).
BA Haller from his blog at Media Dis&Dat responded negatively to the casting call saying "I'm profoundly disturbed by what this casting call suggests about disabilities (that a person's body is 'useless' unless fully abled, for example, that a disability is something that should be fixed, that people with disabilities do not have sex lives, and that a person with a disability is less than fully realized as a human being.) The casting call is making the rounds on the blogosphere, and is being roundly criticized in some quarters but welcomed in others."
Sarah Warn from AfterEllen.com chose to take aim at the network, saying "wow. And this is from the network that, when they received a failing grade from GLAAD a few weeks ago, said "we need to work harder." If this is working harder, I'd hate to see what slacking off would look like."
Series creators, Brad Wright and Robert Cooper responded by saying the following:
Recently, a casting breakdown was released to agents for an upcoming character in our television show, Stargate Universe. The character, Doctor Eleanor Perry, is a brilliant scientist at the top of her field, who also happens to be a quadriplegic. As part of a science fiction conceit that is core to our series, Perry's consciousness is temporarily exchanged with one our series main characters, Camile Wray, who is a lesbian. In the course of the story, Perry has the experience of being able bodied for the first time since she was a child. At the same time, Wray, temporarily encumbered by Perry's physical disability, experiences the unconditional love of her life partner. The language of the breakdown was insensitive and inaccurate, and we sincerely apologize to those who may have been offended. The audition pages that have been under scrutiny were from an early draft and released out of context. It is our desire and intention to portray both characters with dignity and respect, while remaining mindful of the ethical issues we're raising.
ReceptionSabotage was viewed by 1.391 million live viewers, resulting in a 0.9 Household rating, a 0.6 among adults 18-49.
Carl England of Den of Geek said it was a "great episode that brought the whole crew together pretty well." Among England's praises, was the ending, calling it "mind-boggling," and saying that the "showrunners and writers of SGU consistently deliver superb endings that mean a lot to the show." Particular praise was given to the scenes with Dr. Rush and Perry, citing that it "really bring home the effect of the episode Human, which centred on his life prior to the Stargate." However, England was rather negative of the now-standard 20 episode seasons for the Stargate franchise, and stated he wished there was a little more room to spread the plot a bit more.
Ramsey Isler of IGN rated "Sabotage" a "Decent" 7.2 out of 10. Isler was generally negative about the episode, citing some of the plot to be "ridiculously convenient to the point of contrivance." Among Isler's complaints was the sudden arrival of Eli, Chloe and Scott, saying that the "drama set up in the previous episode is squandered". Also, the revelation that James had caused the FTL drive to explode, was "kind of random." Isler also did not like the plot device of the communication stones being used for intimacy. Meredith Woerner from Io9'' was also very negative with the episode. Woerner's biggest complaint was with Eli, Chloe and Scott, saying "was I alone in screaming "No, no no no no no no" at the TV when the gate linked up again?" Among her other complaints was the lack of character development for Wray and the quick explanation of the device that was found in the episode "Faith". Overall, Woerner said: "I was hesitant to invest in another story line that may or may not be solved by a simple reset. I still have high hopes for the series[,] because the last few episodes have continually elevated the material and characters."
References
External links
Sabotage at mgm.com
"Sabotage" at Stargate wikia
Stargate Universe episodes
2010 American television episodes
it:Episodi di Stargate Universe (prima stagione)#Sabotaggio
Noorin TV (), sometimes shortened as NTV, is a private non-governmental satellite television network that broadcasts from Kabul in Afghanistan. The service was launched in 2007.
Noorin broadcasts news, cartoons, films, dramas, music, and many other types of programmes. Their goal is to integrate western influence in Afghan television and create a modern benchmark for how television network stations are run in Afghanistan.
The channel is available in Afghanistan and Europe through the Turksat 3A satellite. They also have a radio station, called Noorin FM, available throughout Afghanistan on 94.4FM. The channel airs Hindi serials dubbed in Persian and Dari such as Kahiin To Hoga. It is the fifth most watched channel in Afghanishtan, Lemar TV being the fourth.
See also
List of Afghan TV Channels
References
Television stations in Afghanistan
Persian-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 2007
Mass media in Kabul
Tonkaw is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
CastleVille is a defunct social network game made by Zynga's Dallas studio and was released in November 2011. It combined a number of elements from the company's other "Ville" range of games. On launch it had received a million "likes" on Facebook. By the end of its first month, it had become the fifth most popular game on Facebook with 26.5 million players. The game was a freemium game, meaning there is no cost to play but players have the option of purchasing premium content.
Zynga created a sequel called CastleVille Legends in early 2013.
CastleVille shut down on 30 April 2016.
Gameplay
Set in a medieval world, the game allows players to build their land up with castle elements, and craft armor, art and trade items. The objective is to explore the unknown land around the starting territory and expand the player's empire into it. The character's avatar can be customized, and the world features peasants, pirates, princesses and Vikings. A new reputation system was developed to encourage players to be social within the game in order to unlock new items and actions such as trading.
Production
The game was produced by Zynga Dallas, (formerly known as Bonfire Studios), which was purchased by Zynga in October 2010 for an undisclosed sum. It is the Dallas studio's first release under Zynga management, and the first social game to feature its own orchestral and choir soundtrack. Originally announced in October 2011, it was launched in seventeen languages. It was released a couple of weeks prior to Zynga's stock market launch.
The production team's aim was to take the best elements of the other Zynga "Ville" games and combine them into one package. Storytelling features were brought from The Pioneer Trail (formerly known as FrontierVille), while CityVille and FarmVille provided the inspiration for city building and self-expression, respectively. The game's Creative Director, Bill Jackson, said that it was aimed to be a deep online game like World of Warcraft.
Reception
At launch in November 2011, an official page on Facebook for CastleVille had already received a million "likes". It had gained five million players by 21 November, compared to the top rated game, CityVille, which had only reached 3.2 million players after five days. Within a month, CastleVille was ranked #5 on the most popular Facebook games, having accumulated 26.5 million players. Its entry into the top twenty games came at a cost to its own creators: CastleVille forced an older Zynga game, The Pioneer Trail, out of the list.
Jon Swartz previewed the game for USA Today, thought the game had similarities in design to the Shrek franchise, but described it as Zynga's crown jewel. Andrew Webster, reviewing CastleVille for Gamezebo, said that the release wouldn't "revolutionize social gaming", but because of "arguably the best visual and audio experience on Facebook", it was still one of the best games on Facebook. He gave the game four and a half stars of five.
References
External links
CastleVille Website
2011 video games
Facebook games
Flash games
Video games developed in the United States
Zynga
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games set in castles
Bethnal Green South West was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Bethnal Green
Fedor Frešo (6 January 1947 – 26 June 2018) was a Slovak rock and jazz bassist and singer. He was the son of composer and Slovak National Theatre conductor Tibor Frešo. His mother was director and editor at the Czechoslovakian radio in Bratislava.
Frešo studied double bass and bass guitar at a music conservatory. After finishing his studies, he became a radio producer and musical director. Up to 1989, he worked for Slovenský rozhlas.
Throughout his career, he played in several popular groups, including Soulmen, Prúdy, Collegium Musicum, Fermata, T+R Band (with Peter Lipa), Traditional Club (with Ján Lehotský), and the Czechoslovak group Blue Effect.
In 2011, Frešo published the book Sideman, where he recounted his career, from his beginnings with Soulmen to his latest concert with Marián Varga as a member of Collegium Musicum.
He died on 26 June 2018.
References
External links
1947 births
2018 deaths
Musicians from Bratislava
Slovak bass guitarists
The 1925 Wightman Cup was the third edition of the Wightman Cup, the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at the West Side Tennis Club in Forest Hills, New York, United States. Great Britain defeated the United States to win their second title, the first time the cup was won by the visiting team.
Result
See also
1925 Davis Cup
References
Wightman Cups by year
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Khen (real name Hen Falah) is an Israeli DJ and music producer based in Tel Aviv.
Discography
Albums
Children With No Name (with Guy Mantzur), 2016
Singles & EPs
"My Golden Cage" (with Guy Mantzur), Bedrock, 2019
"Carolina (Hermanez Remix)", Lost & Found, 2018
"Dreamcatcher (original mix)", Vivrant, 2017
"Carolina", Lost & Found, 2016
"Sense of Time, Sudbeat, 2013
"pito corto, Sudbeat, 2012
"el gato volador under beat rmx, Sudbeat, 2012
"namasteeeee, Sudbeat, 2012
References
Electronic dance music DJs
Israeli DJs
Progressive house musicians
Remixers
Lesquerolic acid is a hydroxy acid that occurs naturally in Paysonia lasiocarpa and other Paysonia and Physaria species. It was first isolated in 1961 by a team from the Northern Regional Research Laboratory. This compound has the R configuration at the alcohol-bearing stereocenter, and it is of the Z configuration at the olefin. Lesquerolic acid is chemically similar to ricinoleic acid, but with two additional carbons at the carboxyl end of the carbon chain. Lesquerolic acid, with other hydroxy fatty acids, has important industrial uses, including making resins, waxes, nylons and plastics.
References
Fatty acids
Hydroxy acids
A matter collineation (sometimes matter symmetry and abbreviated to MC) is a vector field that satisfies the condition,
where are the energy–momentum tensor components. The intimate relation between geometry and physics may be highlighted here, as the vector field is regarded as preserving certain physical quantities along the flow lines of , this being true for any two observers. In connection with this, it may be shown that every Killing vector field is a matter collineation (by the Einstein field equations (EFE), with or without cosmological constant). Thus, given a solution of the EFE, a vector field that preserves the metric necessarily preserves the corresponding energy-momentum tensor. When the energy-momentum tensor represents a perfect fluid, every Killing vector field preserves the energy density, pressure and the fluid flow vector field. When the energy-momentum tensor represents an electromagnetic field, a Killing vector field does not necessarily preserve the electric and magnetic fields.
See also
Affine vector field
Conformal vector field
Curvature collineation
Homothetic vector field
Spacetime symmetries
Mathematical methods in general relativity
Darbehesht () is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Columnea domingensis is a species of plant in the family Gesneriaceae. According to Liogier it can be found in the Dominican Republic and in Haiti.
Etymology
The species has been given the specific epithet "domingensis", as it occurs on the island of Hispaniola. This island was historically called Santo Domingo, or Saint-Domingue.
References
External links
domingensis
West Gloucester station is an MBTA Commuter Rail station on the Newburyport/Rockport Line, located off Massachusetts Route 133 (Essex Road) in the west part of Gloucester, Massachusetts.
History
When the Gloucester Branch Railroad opened in 1847, there were no stops except and . A number of infill stations were later added; West Gloucester station was open by 1872, and by 1884 had a small depot building on the south side of the track. That building was gone by 1977.
West Gloucester station was closed on January 30, 1981, during severe budget cuts; 1977-opened Harbor station east remained open. The line was temporarily closed on January 7, 1985, after a November 1984 fire destroyed the drawbridge between Salem and Beverly. When the line reopened on December 1, 1985, West Gloucester was reopened but Harbor remained closed.
On April 29, 2020, service between West Gloucester and Rockport was indefinitely replaced by buses due to a failure of the old Gloucester Drawbridge. That June, the MBTA indicated the closure would continue until the completion of the bridge replacement. Regular service to Rockport over the bridge resumed on May 23, 2022.
References
External links
MBTA - West Gloucester
Buildings and structures in Gloucester, Massachusetts
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County, Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Robert Pagan (November 16, 1750 – November 23, 1821) was a Scottish-born merchant, judge and political figure in New Brunswick. He represented Charlotte County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1786 to 1819.
He was born in Glasgow, the son of William Pagan and Margaret Maxwell. In 1768 or 1769, he went to Falmouth Neck, Massachusetts (now Portland, Maine), where he became involved in the timber trade and ship building. He married Miriam Pote. His brother Thomas joined him in 1775. In October 1775, his premises were destroyed by American forces who were reacting to rebel activity in the area. The two brothers departed to the West Indies. They returned in 1777, joining their brother William in New York City. Pagan was named in the Massachusetts Banishment Act of 1778. In 1780, Pagan settled at the mouth of the Penobscot River, believing that this would become a loyalist settlement, and established sawmills, stores and engaged in ship building. In 1783, learning that the border would be established further east, he relocated to Passamaquoddy Bay. He was named a justice of the peace for the area and was later named a judge of the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for the county. The community there was named St. Andrews in 1786. Pagan was involved in the timber trade, operating mills, shipbuilding and the fish trade and was a wholesale and retail merchant. He assisted in research and surveys which helped establish the St. Croix River as the international boundary with Maine. Pagan helped found the Bank of New Brunswick in 1820. He died in St Andrews the following year at the age of 71.
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
1750 births
1821 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Scottish emigrants to pre-Confederation New Brunswick
Colony of New Brunswick judges
Richard T. Kelly (born 1970) is a British novelist and writer best known for his 2016 political thriller The Knives.
Career
Kelly began his career writing in film and wrote several film-related books. In 1998 he wrote Alan Clarke, a book on the filmmaker Alan Clarke. In 2000 he published The Name of this Book is Dogme 95, a look at the Danish film movement Dogme 95 created by Lars von Trier and Thomas Vinterberg. In 2004 he wrote an authorized biography of actor Sean Penn called Sean Penn: His Life & Times.
Kelly made his fictional debut with the 2008 novel Crusaders. Shortly after, in 2009, he began research on a political thriller that would develop into The Knives. His second novel The Possessions of Doctor Forrest followed in 2011. The Knives were published in 2016.
Since 2008 Kelly has been a Contributing Editor and feature writer for the UK edition of Esquire magazine.
Bibliography
Alan Clarke (1998)
The Name of this Book is Dogme 95 (2000)
Sean Penn: His Life & Times (2004)
Crusaders (2008)
The Possessions of Doctor Forrest (2011)
Our House, Your Home: The Past, Present and Future of Social Housing (2014)
The Knives (2016)
Keegan and Dalglish (2017)
References
External links
Living people
British male non-fiction writers
21st-century British novelists
1970 births
20th-century British non-fiction writers
21st-century British non-fiction writers
British biographers
British thriller writers
John MacDonald (born 9 December 1965) is a New Zealand sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. He was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Four years later in Barcelona, he was eliminated in the semifinals of both the K-1 500 m and K-1 1000 m events.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
New Zealand male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of New Zealand
Radical 81 or radical compare () meaning "" or "compete" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 21 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 71st indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6BD4
081
071
Józef Gawliczek (born 20 January 1939) is a Polish former racing cyclist. He won Tour of Britain and the Tour de Pologne 1966.
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
People from Wodzisław County
Sportspeople from Silesian Voivodeship
The Loko (IPA: Lɔkɔ) are one of the indigenous ethnic groups in Sierra Leone. Landogo is used as an endonym for the people and language, but other groups refer to them as Loko. They speak a Southwestern Mande language that is also called Loko. The majority of the Loko people live in the Northern Province of the country, particularly in Bombali District , and around the capital city of Freetown in communities such as Regent. Important regional towns include Tambiama, Kalangba, and Gbendembu, though other groups such as the Mandingo, Fula and Temne peoples live there too.
The Loko belong to the larger group of Mande peoples who live throughout West Africa. The Loko are mostly farmers and hunters. Loko believe that most humanistic and scientific power is passed down through the secret societies, such as the Kpangbani.
The Loko people also utilize practices of the Bondo secret society which aims at gradually but firmly establishing attitudes related to adulthood in girls, discussions on fertility, morality and proper sexual comportment. The society also maintains an interest in the well-being of its members throughout their lives.
Notable Loko
Sheik I. Kamara, member of parliament of Sierra Leone
Bai Kelfa Sankoh, paramount chief of Kambia District
Ibrahim Sesay, member of parliament from Kambia District
References
Fyle, C. (2006). Historical Dictionary of Sierra Leone.
Babaev, K. (2010). Person Marking in South-West Mande Languages. A Tentative Reconstruction, 1–46.
Babaev, K. (2011). On the Origins of Southwest Mande Ethnonyms, 1–3.
Hyman, L. M. (1973). Notes on the History of Southwestern Mande. Studies in African linguistics, 4(2).
Speed, C. K. (1991). Swears and swearing among Landogo of Sierra Leone: aesthetics, adjudication, and the philosophy of power.
Ethnic groups in Sierra Leone
Female genital mutilation
Female genital mutilation by country
Gheorghiță Ștefan (also known as Ștefan Gheorghiță, born January 17, 1986 in Bucharest) is a male freestyle wrestler from Romania. He participated in men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He lost the bronze medal fight against Murad Gaidarov. However, after a positive doping test Soslan Tigiev of Uzbekistan was in November 2016 stripped of the silver medal. Ștefan Gheorghiță was therefore moved up to a bronze medal position.
In 2016, he married Romanian judoka Corina Căprioriu.
References
External links
STEFAN Gheorghita (family name: STEFAN, given name: Gheorghita) at Universiade 2013
1986 births
Living people
Romanian male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Romania
Olympic bronze medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
European Games competitors for Romania
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
Universiade medalists in wrestling
Universiade gold medalists for Romania
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
A fibrinogen uptake test is a test that was formerly used to detect deep vein thrombosis. Radioactive labeled fibrinogen is given which is incorporated in the thrombus. The thrombus can then be detected by scintigraphy.
Iodine 125-labeled fibrinogen scanning is a very sensitive method for detecting subclinical leg vein thrombi. Fibrinogen scanning is less useful for the diagnosis of established venous thrombosis, but is valuable for detecting extension of venographically diagnosed calf vein thrombosis. The technique is safe if fibrinogen is obtained from carefully screened donors. The limitations of the method include its inability to distinguish between superficial and deep venous thrombi, and its sensitivity to fibrin in hematoma and inflammatory exudates. Though the results agree closely with those of phlebography, scanning seems less reliable for detecting femoral vein than calf vein thrombi and is insensitive to thrombi above the inguinal ligament. Screening for these major thrombi may be improved by combining fibrinogen scanning with impedance plethysmography or ultrasonic examination.
References
Medical tests
Vari () is a southern suburb of Athens and former municipality in East Attica, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Vari-Voula-Vouliagmeni, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 22.633 km2.
Geography
It lies at the southwestern end of the Mesogeia plain and the southeast shoulder of the Hymettus mountain, near the Saronic Gulf coast. Greek National Road 91 connects Vari with Athens city centre and Sounio. Vari's beach is located in an area called Varkiza, a fishing village that joined the municipality of Vari, in 1997. This particular beach has won the blue flag many years in the past, including 2009.
After 1 January 2011 Vari joined Voula and Vouliagmeni, according to Kallikratis regulations, in a joined municipality. Grigoris Konstantellos is the incumbent mayor, elected for a second term at May 26, 2019, for the unified municipality of Vari-Voula-Vouliagmeni. The ancient Athenian deme of Anagyrous was situated here.
Historical population
See also
List of municipalities of Attica
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in East Attica
Vari-Voula-Vouliagmeni
The Flitter Dance (Flitter Daunsey in Manx) is a traditional dance from the Isle of Man associated with Good Friday. It was collected by Mona Douglas in the 1940s or 50s and is popular among younger Manx dancers today.
History
The traditional custom on Good Friday on the Isle of Man was to gather shellfish on the shore and eat flitters in particular for breakfast, after cooking them in the fire without the use of iron. A dance was collected in connection to these customs by Mona Douglas, who first mentioned it as ‘partly noted but still incomplete' in 1937.
Her informant at this stage, a Mrs Callow of Cardle Veg, Maughold, was able to recall the process of gathering mychurachan to make a fire on the beach, in which "arran-traaie" barleymeal cakes were made and baked in the hot ashes and flitters were baked in their shells. After the meal accompanied by milk, the remains were thrown into the sea with the words: ‘Gow shoh as bannee orrin' (‘Take this and bless us') spoken as ‘some kind of prayer or charm.' It was after this that the Flitter Dance was performed, by pairs of dancers to ‘wind to and fro in the shape of an S,' however, no steps or details of the actual dance were recalled by Mrs Callow.
By 1957 Douglas had completed the collection of the dance, thanks to material from a Mrs Teare of Ballaugh and in particular from Ada Skillicorn and a Mrs Radcliffe of Maughold, who were able to provide the actual steps of the dance. The distinctive stamping step involved is not found in other traditional Manx dances and it was noted by Douglas as being ‘presumably used to stamp out any remaining live embers in the fires.' It was perhaps through these informants that Douglas learned that this dance was once the only dance permitted on Good Friday, that the throwing of the remnants of the food into the sea was linked to ‘a very ancient Celtic ritual' and that it and the dance are a ‘survival of a very ancient Gaelic ceremony of propitiation or sacrifice to powers of the sea.'
The tune for the dance was also collected by Mona Douglas, who noted that 'the air belonging to this dance strikes me as very ancient, probably the oldest of all our Manx tunes.'
The dance was brought back into performance in the 1960s by the Manx Folk Dance Society, who also revived the custom of Manx dancing at Easter. The first known modern performance of the Flitter Dance was given by the Manx Folk Dance Society, under Mona Douglas' supervision, on 18 April 1960 at a performance in Ballakermeen School for the visiting members of the English Folk Dance and Song Society.
Dance
The Flitter Dance was first published in Rinkaghyn Vannin in 1983. No mention is made here of an S-shape to the dance; rather, it is described merely as ‘in processional form.' It is in this form that the dance is performed today.
The dance is in two halves: firstly, the distinctive stamp steps; then two sets of side-steps and the Manx Balance (a distinctive swinging of the foot in a kicking motion), before re-joining the same partners and repeating.
Because of its simple and repetitive form, the dance is popular today for beginners and young dancers alike.
References
External links
The Flitter Dance tune performed by Nish as Rish at Yn Chruinnaght
Instructions for the dance and musical score
Manx culture
European dances
March observances
Easter traditions
Folk dance
Starosiele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Tirailleurs indochinois (; Chữ Nôm: 𪜯習) were soldiers of several regiments of local ethnic Indochinese infantry organized as Tirailleurs by the French colonial authorities, initially in Vietnam from 15 March 1880. The most notable, and first established, of these units were the Tonkinese Rifles (French: Tirailleurs tonkinois, Vietnamese: Quân đoàn bộ binh Bắc Kỳ).
History
In the early days of these regiments the charge was often made that the Lính tập were prone to desertion.
However under the leadership of officers seconded from the regular French Marine (subsequently Colonial) Infantry the Lính tập became an effective corps, without which the French would have had difficulty in occupying and garrisoning their Indochinese possessions.
The Tirailleurs indochinois saw active service in Indochina, China (Boxer Rebellion), Russian Siberia (Allied intervention 1918–19), Syria (1920–21) and Morocco (1925–26). During World War I the French Army was initially reluctant to deploy its Indochinese units of the Troupes coloniales on the Western Front but eventually 40,000 Annamite and Cambodian tirailleurs were sent to France.The majority were employed behind the lines in guard, depot and factory-worker duties. However several battalions fought at Verdun, the Chemin des Dames, and in Champagne. Indochinese troops were also deployed to the Macedonian front.
On 10 February 1930 fifty soldiers of the Tonkinese Rifles rose in support of the VNQDD during the Yen Bai mutiny, which was quickly suppressed by loyal tirailleurs of the same regimentbut resulted in increased recruitment of non-Vietnamese soldiers.
In 1945 some Lính tập units fought against the Japanese occupation of Vietnam. In particular the "3e RTT" (3e régiment de tirailleurs tonkinois) offered fierce resistance but was annihilated. The six Tonkinese and Annamite tirailleur regiments then in existence were destroyed or dispersed in the course of the Japanese coup, and were not reestablished. Large numbers of Vietnamese troops did however serve in the French Union Forces during the French Indochina War (1946–1954) and the last Indochinese unit in the French Army was not disbanded until 1960.
Regiments
The regiments were founded in each of the territories of Tonkin, Annam and Cambodia.
Tirailleurs tonkinois ("Tonkinese Rifles")
1er régiment de tirailleurs tonkinois
2e régiment de tirailleurs tonkinois
3e régiment de tirailleurs tonkinois
4e régiment de tirailleurs tonkinois
5e régiment de tirailleurs tonkinois (1902-1908)
Tirailleurs annamites
1er Régiment de tirailleurs annamites
2e Régiment de tirailleurs annamites
Bataillon de tirailleurs montagnards du sud Annam
Tirailleurs cambodgiens
Bataillon de tirailleurs cambodgiens
Régiment de tirailleurs cambodgiens
Tirailleurs Tais
Ethnic Taï from Sip Song Chau Tai and Northern Laos.
1er bataillon Thaï
2e bataillon taï
3e bataillon taï
References
Bibliography
20th-century regiments of France
Colonial troops
French Indochina
Military history of Vietnam
Military history of Vietnam during World War I
Military history of Cambodia
The Hanna House is a historic house in Columbus, Ohio, United States. The house was built in 1900 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The building and its carriage house were built for James B. Hanna, president and co-founder of the Hanna Paint Company. The Hanna House was built at a time when East Broad Street was a tree-lined avenue featuring the most ornate houses in Columbus. The house remained in the Hanna family until 1975, and afterwards became an insurance office. The building is also part of the 21st & E. Broad Historic Group on the Columbus Register of Historic Properties, added to the register in 1988.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
External links
Colonial Revival architecture in Ohio
Columbus Register properties
Houses completed in 1900
Houses in Columbus, Ohio
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
Broad Street (Columbus, Ohio)
MV Loch Ranza () is a Caledonian Maritime Assets Limited ro-ro car ferry, operated by Caledonian MacBrayne, serving the island of Gigha.
History
MV Loch Ranza was the last of four drive-through ferries built in the 1980s by Dunston's of Hessle, to cope with increasing traffic on CalMac's smaller routes.
Layout
The four vessels were based on the design of . They had a second passenger lounge, on the port side, reducing the capacity of the car deck.
Service
MV Loch Ranza replaced on the Lochranza–Claonaig crossing in April 1987. After only 5 years, she was replaced by the larger . Loch Ranza moved to the Tayinloan–Gigha crossing in July 1992, where she has remained since.
References
Caledonian MacBrayne
1987 ships
Ships built on the Humber
"Meadowlawn", also known as the '"Hagood House", is an antebellum plantation house, built in the Greek revival style, in Lowndsboro, Alabama, United States. It is a contributing property to the Lowndesboro Historic District, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 1973.
History
The plantation of Meadowlawn was built in 1853 for Squire George Thomas (1797-1867). The house was later sold to Fort Williamson. In 1905 the home was sold to Ransom Meadows, born June 18, 1846, died February 2, 1940. He was the last surviving Confederate veteran in Lowndes County. His daughter, Aline Meadows, born February 16, 1880, died February 16, 1979, married Robert Bragg Hagood on April 3, 1907, in Lowndes County, Alabama. It is to this couple that Ransom Meadows deeded the house. To honor her father, Mrs. Hagood renamed the house "Meadowlawn." She lived in the house until her death at age 99. The house still remains in the Hagood family today.
Description
It is a two-story frame, with fluted Doric columns on two sides, 13 in all, and balconies over both main entrance doors with wrought iron railings. Dicksonia Plantation, located nearby, was very similar in appearance, prior to its destruction by fire in 1939 and again in 1964.
Gallery
References
External links
Houses in Lowndes County, Alabama
Plantation houses in Alabama
Greek Revival houses in Alabama
Houses completed in 1853
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Lowndes County, Alabama
Historic district contributing properties in Alabama
Jackson County is located in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2021 census estimation, the population was 12,984. Its county seat is McKee. The county was formed in 1858 from land given by Madison, Estill, Owsley, Clay, Laurel, and Rockcastle counties. It was named for Andrew Jackson, seventh President of the United States. Jackson County is considered a moist county, which means that the county seat, McKee, allows the sale of alcohol.
One fourth of Jackson County is within the Daniel Boone National Forest (56,000 acres), making it representative of eastern Kentucky's unique Appalachian topography, wildlife, and heritage. The county is home to many attractions and recreation spots such as Flat Lick Falls, public national forest campgrounds Turkey Foot and S-Tree, and the centermost trailhead (located in the county seat, McKee) of the historic Sheltowee Trace.
Jackson County is the birthplace of the Grand Ole Opry star “Stringbean” Akemon, and the site of the annually reenacted Battle of Big Hill, the Civil War skirmish that led to the Battle of Richmond in Madison County.
Outdoor recreation
National recreation areas
The S-Tree campground sits on a ridge above Horse Lick Creek near McKee in Jackson County. A small picnic area features a historic picnic shelter that was constructed in the 1930s by the Civilian Conservation Corps. The campground receives heavy weekend use from off-highway vehicle users who ride the adjacent Sheltowee Trace National Recreation Trail and the Renfro Loop Trail. These trails may be accessed from the campground.
The Turkey Foot campground is nestled along the banks of War Fork Creek in Jackson County. The creek is stocked with trout throughout the year. All of the campsites are wooded. A playfield with a horseshoe pit is located at the end of camping sites alongside the creek. Trails include the Turkey Foot Loop Trail and the Sheltowee Trace National Recreation Trail.
Flat Lick Falls is tucked into the hills of southern Jackson County and consists of recreational facilities which include primitive camping, picnic shelters, and restrooms. The park features 86.09 acres of wooded land, cliffs and Flat Lick Creek running through the middle of the park with a 28-foot water fall emptying into a large pool at the bottom of the falls. The creek flows into the Laurel Fork Creek. The falls can be viewed up close via the meandering paths along the cliff line including a paved path leading to a wheelchair accessible viewing platform.
Sheltowee Trace National Recreation Trail is over 300 miles of National Recreation Trail, established in 1979, in the Appalachian region of the Eastern U.S., and reaches from northern Rowan County, Kentucky to the Leather Wood Trail Head in the Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area just across the Tennessee border. The Trail runs mostly through the Daniel Boone National Forest, and is named for the Shawnee word for “Big Turtle”, which was the name given to Daniel Boone in 1779 when he was adopted as the son of the great warrior chief Blackfish. Jackson County encompasses approximately 35 miles of the Sheltowee Trace, which is open to hiking, horseback riding, and mountain bikes. Some sections also allow all-terrain vehicles.
Public parks
Bond Memorial Park
Jack Gabbard Park
McKee City Park
Gray Hawk Community Park
Sand Gap Community Park
Worthington Park
Jackson Energy Farm/Recreational Fields
Lakes and reservoirs
Beulah Lake
Owsley Fork Reservoir
McKee Reservoir
National protected areas
Daniel Boone National Forest (part)
Mill Creek Wildlife Management Area
Geography
Jackson County is located on the edge of the Cumberland Plateau and Eastern Kentucky Coalfields region of Kentucky, adjacent to the Kentucky Bluegrass region. Because of this, the county's motto is "where the mountains and the bluegrass blend." The elevation of the county ranges from 600 ft. to 1600 ft. above sea level. The Middle Fork of the Rockcastle River originates in southern Jackson County. Karst landscapes can also be found in the northern part of the county, creating notable caves such as Wind Cave near Turkey Foot campground.
Major routes
US Route 421
KY Route 30
KY Route 290
KY Route 3630 (Old KY Route 30)
US Route 421 serves as the county's north–south corridor, connecting it to Madison County, the cities of Richmond and Berea , and I-75 to the north. While it connects the county to Clay County, the city of Manchester, and the Hal Rogers Parkway to the south. This route also connects the communities of Sandgap, McKee and Tyner within the county.
KY Route 30 is a newly constructed highway that serves as the main east–west corridor, passing through the southern part of the county, through the communities of Annville and Tyner. It is referred to as the Interstate 75 - Mountain Parkway connector. It connects the county to both of these major freeways and to the cities of London (Laurel County), Booneville (Owsley County), and Beattyville (Lee County).
KY Route 290 connects US Route 421 in McKee to KY Route 3630 in Annville.
Adjacent counties
Estill County (north)
Lee County (northeast)
Owsley County (east)
Clay County (southeast)
Laurel County (southwest)
Rockcastle County (west)
Madison County (northwest)
Events
Jackson County Fair & Homecoming
This event is held annually on the Friday and Saturday before Labor Day. Activities include a show, craft exhibits, musical entertainment, clogging, vendors, food trucks, and a parade.
Sheltowee Trace Artisans Fair
Local and guest artisans from across the state and beyond come to teach, demonstrate, and sell their crafts at this event, which is held during the first weekend in May.
Battle of Big Hill Reenactment
The reenactment takes place the third weekend of August at the Jackson Energy Farm on HWY 290, about 6 miles south of McKee. A family-friendly outdoor event, reenactments generally take place over two days, and consist of games, historical speakers, a ladies and gentlemen's tea, food, and music before the actual battle. After dark, couples can follow the cues of the square dancing caller at the Civil War Ball, featuring local musicians playing songs from the era.
Stringbean Music Festival
Most people remember David "Stringbean" Akemon from the old television show "Hee-Haw" but folks in Jackson County knew him as brother, uncle, and friend. Although a famous performer, "Stringbean" returned often to his home in Jackson County. In June 1996, Porter Wagoner, Grandpa & Ramona Jones, Mac Wiseman and a host of other entertainers and friends gathered to unveil a larger than life statue of Stringbean, and established a memorial in his honor. Since then, the festive has grown tremendously. Today, two festivals are held - one in June and one in October - and both feature nationally known bluegrass music performers, and mountain arts and crafts.
Economy
The Jackson County Industrial Development Authority (JCIDA) assists with economic development efforts in the county. The authority manages 3 industrial parks in the county which include the Jackson County Regional Industrial Park in Annville, the McKee Industrial Park in McKee, and the Northern Jackson County Industrial Park in Sandgap.
Major employers in Jackson County include:
Jackson County Public Schools
People's Rural Telephone Cooperative (PRTC)
Jackson Energy Cooperative
Bear Precision Coatings
DTS Industries
JC Tech Industries
The Allen Company (Clover Bottom Limestone Quarry)
Phillips Diversified Manufacturing
Senture
Teleworks USA
Utilities
Jackson County is served by Jackson Energy, which is based in the City of McKee, and serves Jackson County and surrounding counties such as Lee County, Owsley County, Clay County, Laurel County, Rockcastle County, and Madison County. Jackson County, Owsley County, and Clay County are served by Peoples Rural Telephone Cooperative, also based in the City of McKee. Water is provided by the Jackson County Water Association and garbage pickup is provided by Woods Sanitation. Residents within the City of McKee are served by McKee Water and Sewer.
Healthcare
Jackson County does not have a hospital. Nearby facilities include Saint Joseph Hospital (Berea), Baptist Health Hospital (Richmond), Advent Health (Manchester), Saint Joseph Hospital (London) and, Rockcastle Regional Hospital. (Mt. Vernon)
Emergency medical services for Jackson County are provided by the Jackson County Ambulance Service. Jackson County does have a few primary care facilities which include the White House Clinic, McKee Medical Clinic, Advent Health Clinic, and Annville Medical Clinic.
Demographics
As of the 2020 census there were 12,955 people and 5,417 households in the county. The population density was . There were 5,978 housing units. The racial makeup of the county was 97.5% White, 0.4% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0% Pacific Islander, 0.8% from two or more races, and 0.9% Hispanic or Latino of any race.
23.3% of the population are under the age of 18 and 18% of the population are 65 years of age or older. There are 529 veterans residing within the county.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,515. The per capita income for the county was $17,573. About 24% of the population are below the poverty line.
The median value for housing units is $83,100 and the average rent is $526 a month.
72.1% of the population has a high school education or higher. 10.2% of the population has a bachelor's degree or higher. 78.8% of households have a computer and 70.7% have a broadband internet subscription.
Communities
Cities
McKee (county seat)
Census-designated places
Annville (the largest community)
Unincorporated places
Gray Hawk
Sand Gap
Tyner
Politics
National politics
In presidential elections, Jackson County has voted Republican since the Civil War and has never voted Democratic. Lyndon Johnson in 1964 and Bill Clinton in 1996 are the only Democratic candidates to ever win as much as 20% of the county's vote. The only time Jackson County has not voted for the Republican Party was in its first election of 1860 when the county went to Constitutional Unionist John Bell, and in 1912 when the Republican Party was split and third party candidate Theodore Roosevelt carried the county with 52 percent of the vote over William Howard Taft with 34 percent.
Jackson County has a strong history of giving Republican candidates some of their highest winning percentages in the nation. This was the case in the 1928, 1948, 1960, 1976, 1988, and 1992 presidential elections. In 1992 Jackson County, along with Sioux County, Iowa, were the only two counties in the U.S to vote for Republican George H. W. Bush by over 70 percent in his re-election campaign. Additionally, Republican Alf Landon, who lost 46 of 48 states, received over 89 percent of Jackson County's vote in 1936.
Local and state politics
Jackson County is part of Kentucky's 5th Congressional District, which is represented by Republican Hal Rogers. In the Kentucky House of Representatives, the county is in the 89th District and is represented by Republican Timmy Truett. In the Kentucky Senate, the county is in the 21st District and is represented by Republican Brandon Storm.
Prohibition
The entirety of Jackson County prohibited the sale of alcoholic beverages from the years 1937 until 2019 when the City of McKee held a vote during the 2019 General Election regarding the ability for the city to grant licenses to businesses for selling alcoholic beverages. The vote's results were 100 in favor of selling alcohol to 81, who were not.
Education
Public education
The county is served by Jackson County Public Schools which operates the following schools:
McKee Elementary School
Sand Gap Elementary School
Tyner Elementary School
Jackson County Middle School
Jackson County High School
Jackson County Area Technology Center
Private education
Annville Christian Academy (K-12)
Higher education
There are no higher education institutes within the county, but some nearby universities and colleges include:
Berea College (Berea Campus)
Eastern Kentucky University (Richmond and Manchester Campus)
Somerset Community College (London Campus)
Public library
Jackson County has a lending library, the Jackson County Public Library, located in downtown McKee.
Notable people
David "Stringbean" Akeman, country music star
Freddie Langdon, world champion fiddler
Andrew N. Johnson, 1944 nominee for vice president of the United States
See also
Eastern Kentucky Coalfields Region
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Kentucky
References
External links
Official Government Website of Jackson County, Kentucky
Official Tourism Website of Jackson County, Kentucky
Official Website of Jackson County Public Schools
Official Website of Annville Christian Academy
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1858 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1858
The Gypsies are a Danish hip-hop / R&B band with a live sound instead of using backing tracks or turntables. The band's sound is characterized by vocalists Shaka Loveless and Benjamin Kissi. The other members are: Lasse Boman (guitar), Peter Blonde (bass), Andrew Hagedorn (keyboards) and Birk Nevel (drums). The band began before the 2000s as The Electric Gypsies with a more rock-oriented sound. With the addition of Benjamin Kissi, the group moved to a more urban sound and a consequent change of name to The Gypsies.
In addition to being regular backing band for Danish names like Jokeren and Outlandish, they have also opened for The Roots and Fugees for their Danish concerts.
In 2007, The Gypsies released their debut album, One Hand Up on Superstar Records label. The video for the single "Part of Me" from the album was released on 18 January 2008. The follow up second album was For the Feeble Hearted in 2009.
Other projects
Band members Lasse Boman, Shaka Loveless, Benjamin Kissi and Birk Nevel also play in the side project Are We Brothers?
Lead vocalist Shaka Loveless is also a solo singer with reggae roots. He is the son of famous blues player James Loveless. He has been a regular part of the Danish blues scene, in particular with his long collaboration as member of Shades of Blue, where he played with guitarist Uffe Steen, bassist Morten Brauner and drummer Claus Daugaard. He is also developing a solo career with his single "Tomgang" reaching #1 in the Danish Singles Chart.
Discography
Albums
2007: One Hand Up
2009: For the Feeble Hearted
Singles
2008: "Part of Me"
References
External links
Myspace
Danish hip hop groups
Musical groups established in 2000
The Elizabeth River is a minor perennial river located in the Somerset Land District, in the Midlands region of Tasmania, Australia.
Location and features
The Elizabeth River rises below Lake Leake and flows generally west by north through the traditional lands of the Peenrymairmemener and Tyrrernotepanner Clans of the North Midlands Nation. The palawa kani name for the river is pantukina layapinta, the prefix pantukina referring to the country around modern day . The river reaches its confluence with the Macquarie River west of Campbell Town. The river was originally known by colonials in the first decade of the 19th century as Relief Creek, but was renamed by Governor Macquarie, for his wife, when he passed through in 1811. The river descends over its course.
The Red Bridge crosses the Elizabeth River at Campbell Town.
See also
Rivers of Tasmania
References
Rivers of Tasmania
Midlands (Tasmania)
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) is a transcription factor which in humans is encoded by the STAT3 gene. It is a member of the STAT protein family.
Function
STAT3 is a member of the STAT protein family. In response to cytokines and growth factors, STAT3 is phosphorylated by receptor-associated Janus kinases (JAK), forms homo- or heterodimers, and translocates to the cell nucleus where it acts as a transcription activator. Specifically, STAT3 becomes activated after phosphorylation of tyrosine 705 in response to such ligands as interferons, epidermal growth factor (EGF), Interleukin (IL-)5 and IL-6. Additionally, activation of STAT3 may occur via phosphorylation of serine 727 by Mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) and through c-src non-receptor tyrosine kinase. STAT3 mediates the expression of a variety of genes in response to cell stimuli, and thus plays a key role in many cellular processes such as cell growth and apoptosis.
STAT3-deficient mouse embryos cannot develop beyond embryonic day 7, when gastrulation begins. It appears that at these early stages of development, STAT3 activation is required for self-renewal of embryonic stem cells (ESCs). Indeed, LIF, which is supplied to murine ESC cultures to maintain their undifferentiated state, can be omitted if STAT3 is activated through some other means.
STAT3 is essential for the differentiation of the TH17 helper T cells, which have been implicated in a variety of autoimmune diseases. During viral infection, mice lacking STAT3 in T-cells display impairment in the ability to generate T-follicular helper (Tfh) cells and fail to maintain antibody based immunity.
STAT3 caused upregulation in E-selectin, a factor in metastasis of cancers.
Hyperactivation of STAT3 occurs in COVID-19 infection and other viral infections.
Clinical significance
Loss-of-function mutations in the STAT3 gene result in Hyperimmunoglobulin E syndrome, associated with recurrent infections as well as disordered bone and tooth development.
Gain-of-function mutations in the STAT3 gene have been reported to cause multi-organ early onset auto-immune diseases; such as thyroid disease, diabetes, intestinal inflammation, and low blood counts, while constitutive STAT3 activation is associated with various human cancers and commonly suggests poor prognosis. It has anti-apoptotic as well as proliferative effects.
STAT3 can promote oncogenesis by being constitutively active through various pathways as mentioned elsewhere. A tumor suppressor role of STAT3 has also been reported. In the report on human glioblastoma tumor, or brain cancer, STAT3 was shown to have an oncogenic or a tumor suppressor role depending upon the mutational background of the tumor. A direct connection between the PTEN-Akt-FOXO axis (suppressive) and the leukemia inhibitory factor receptor beta (LIFRbeta)-STAT3 signaling pathway (oncogenic) was shown.
Increased activity of STAT3 in cancer cells, leads to changes in the function of protein complexes that control expression of inflammatory genes, with result profound change in the secretome and the cell phenotypes, their activity in the tumor, and their capacity for metastasis.
Interactions
STAT3 has been shown to interact with:
AR,
ELP2,
EP300,
EGFR,
HIF1A,
JAK1,
JUN
KHDRBS1,
mTOR,
MYOD1,
NDUFA13,
NFKB1,
NR3C1,
NCOA1,
PML,
RAC1,
RELA,
RET,
RPA2,
STAT1,
Stathmin,
Src, and
TRIP10.
KPNA4.
Niclosamide seems to inhibit the STAT3 signalling pathway.
Nicotinamide (a type of Vitamin B3) naturally inhibits STAT3. However NAC (Acetylcysteine) inhibits STAT3 inhibitors.
References
Further reading
External links
Gene expression
Immune system
Proteins
Transcription factors
Signal transduction
Moonlighting proteins
This is a list of fortifications of Malta.
Prehistoric fortifications
Walled cities
Forts
Towers
Notes:
For privately built towers, see List of fortifications of Malta#Fortified houses and privately built towers.
Batteries
Notes:
Batteries located within larger fortifications are not included in the above list unless they are notable in their own right. Such batteries include:
De Guiral Battery in Fort Saint Angelo
Grunenburgh's Batteries in Fort Saint Angelo, Valletta and Senglea
Low Battery in the Cittadella
Several other batteries within the fortifications of Birgu
Anti-aircraft batteries built in World War II are also not included.
Redoubts
Entrenchments
Notes:
Entrenchments were originally planned to be built around the entire coastline of the Maltese Islands. The ones listed here are those of which some remains survive, or which are definitely known to have existed.
Lines of fortification
Notes:
The Floriana Lines, Santa Margherita Lines and the Cottonera Lines are also lines of fortification, but they are listed with the walled cities since they are close to settlements.
Stop walls
The 'stop wall' that plugged a fortification gap in Wied Żnuber
Fortified houses and privately built towers
Ta' Cirpisin Tower
Castellan Country House
Notes
References
External links
List
Fortifications
Malta
Barron Miles (born January 1, 1972) is a former professional Canadian football player who played for 12 years in the Canadian Football League (CFL). He is the defensive coordinator and defensive backs coach for the Bishop's Gaiters of U Sports football. Miles finished his career tied for second all-time in career interceptions with 66 and as the all-time leader in blocked kicks with 13. He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2018.
Raised in Roselle, New Jersey, Miles played prep football on both offense and defence at Abraham Clark High School.
College football career
One of the top cornerbacks and special teams players in school history at the University of Nebraska, Barron Miles helped Nebraska win the 1994 NCAA college football national championship, and deliver Tom Osborne's first national title. He earned All-Big Eight honors in 1993 and 1994 and ranks among NU's all-time top 10 in pass breakups. He also blocked a school-record seven punts during his career.
Professional football career
Miles was drafted by the NFL Pittsburgh Steelers in 1995, but failed to make the team after suffering a serious knee injury in a preseason game versus the Buffalo Bills during his rookie season. He was assigned to the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europa in 1997.
Miles joined the Montreal Alouettes in 1998, and made an immediate impact, winning the CFL East Division Rookie of the Year Award. Miles played seven seasons with Montreal, and was named a CFL All-Star three times (1999, 2000, 2002) during his tenure as a Lark.
In 2005, Miles signed with the BC Lions as a free agent, and started 17 of 18 games for the Lions at safety missing only one game due to injury. Miles was named to the 2005 CFL West Division All-Star team as a defensive back and led the Lions with six interceptions (4th in the CFL).
In 2006, Miles led the CFL in interceptions with 10, for 206 return yards, and two touchdowns. During a 2006 CFL All-Star season, Miles recorded 39 defensive tackles, four pass knockdowns, three forced fumbles, and a fumble recovery. Miles also notched one defensive tackle, a blocked kick, and a quarterback sack in the Lions' CFL West Division Championship game against the Saskatchewan Roughriders, as well as three defensive tackles in the Lions' 25-14 Grey Cup Championship victory over Miles' old team, the Montreal Alouettes.
On August 7, 2009, Miles became the CFL's career leader for blocked kicks (13) with a blocked extra point against the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Miles is a five-time CFL All-Star at the defensive back position and finished his career with 66 interceptions.
Coaching career
Miles began his coaching career as a defensive backs coach for the Senior Varsity Lord Tweedsmuir Panthers during the 2009 season. After serving as an assistant defensive coach and defensive backs coach in the CFL for four teams over 11 years, Miles was named the defensive coordinator for the Montreal Alouettes in 2021. He continued in that role to begin the 2022 season, but was fired after four games on July 6, 2022.
Miles was hired as the defensive coordinator for the Bishop's Gaiters in August 2022.
Personal life
Miles and his wife Jennifer have three children: Raven, Barron Jr. and Ava.
External links
Barron Miles' BC Lions.com Profile
References
1972 births
Living people
Abraham Clark High School alumni
African-American players of Canadian football
American players of Canadian football
BC Lions coaches
BC Lions players
Bishop's Gaiters football coaches
Canadian football defensive backs
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Edmonton Elks coaches
Frankfurt Galaxy players
Montreal Alouettes coaches
Montreal Alouettes players
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
People from Roselle, New Jersey
Saskatchewan Roughriders coaches
Sportspeople from Union County, New Jersey
Winnipeg Blue Bombers coaches
Canadian Football Hall of Fame inductees
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Pittsburgh Steelers players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
One column containing two treaties between Amyntas III of Macedon and the Chalkidian League has been discovered at Olynthus (the capital of the League). The first treaty is dated in c. 393 BC, the second one before 382 BC. The language of the texts is Ionic Greek, the main dialect of Chalcidice.
Text and translation
Historical background
After the Illyrian invasion of Macedonia in 393 BC, Amyntas was driven out and Argaeus II was installed in the throne. With the aid of the Thessalian family Aleuadae under Medius, Amyntas recovered his kingdom (Diodorus 14.92.3). To shore up his country against the threat of the Illyrians, Amyntas established an alliance with the Chalkidian League.
In 383/382 BC the Illyrians invaded again and defeated Amyntas in battle. A present of land was made to the Olynthians by Amyntas III, seeking for help. At that time the League was more powerful; not only did the alliance break down but the Chalcidians actually seized Amyntas' capital of Pella and lands of Macedon (DS 15.19.2; Isok. 6.46; cf. Hammond/Griffith 1979, 174-6). With the help of Sparta, Thessalians, Elimiotes, Iphicrates, Cotys I and city-states in Chalcidice opposing Olynthus, Amyntas recovered his kingdom and the Spartans dissolved the League in 379 BC. As Justin (7.4.6) states about Amyntas Cum Illyriis deinde et cum Olynthiis gravia bella gessit ... then he made serious wars against the Illyrians and the Olynthians.
Unlike the first treaty, the second one is clearly beneficial to the League rather than Amyntas. Not only concerning the wood exports, which are related to the aims of the maritime League for constructing an effective navy (Amyntas actually would have little interest in wood from Chalcidice or building a navy) but also the third parties mentioned, are all potential enemies of the League and not Amyntas, whose main threat was from the North, the Illyrians.
Notes and references
From the end of the Peloponnesian War to the battle of Ipsus Page 35 By Phillip Harding (1985)
N. G. L. Hammond A History of Macedonia: 550-336 B.C. v. 2 - The reign of Amyntas III 393-370/69 -
Ancient Chalcidice
Treaties of Macedon
Texts in Ionic Greek
Greek inscriptions
Old Macedonian kingdom
4th-century BC treaties
Archaeological discoveries in Greece
Błażek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Batorz, north of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The Aquatic Games Starring James Pond and the Aquabats, also known as The Super Aquatic Games Starring the Aquabats on the SNES, is a 1992 sports video game developed by Vectordean and published by Millennium Interactive. It featured pseudo-Olympic sports starring the video game character James Pond, better known for his series of side-scrolling platform games. It was the last game to be released for the Amiga A500. Though the next game (James Pond 3: Operation Starfish) also appeared on the Amiga, it was only compatible with the newer range of 32-bit Amigas (such as the A1200) which used the AGA chipset.
Gameplay
The Aquatic Games Starring James Pond and the Aquabats is an arcade sports game. The game is an aquatic-themed parody of games like Konami's Track & Field.
The game contains classical music pieces Ode to Joy (from Beethoven's 9th) in the title screen and Schubert's fish song "Die Forelle" during certain events. The rest of the music is composed by Richard Joseph.
Reception
GamePro gave the SNES version a generally positive review. They commented that the simplistic gameplay, cartoony graphics, and humorous sound effects make it a game that younger players would enjoy, while older players would find it unappealing.
In contrast, Classic Game Room's Mark Bussler reviewed it negatively as "a very half-baked game at best". He made an exception to the Feeding Time mini-game, "which would have made a good Atari 2600 game back in the day".
References
1992 video games
Amiga games
Fantasy sports video games
James Pond
Multiple-sport video games
Sega Genesis games
Seika Corporation games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Video games scored by Richard Joseph
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games with underwater settings
Palak-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Palak-e Soflá) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 721, in 184 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Papilio diophantus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Sumatra.
Description
Upperside. Dark brown. Anterior wing broader and not so curved on the costal margin as in Papilio helenus , which it resembles on the upperside. Posterior wing with a tail more spatulate than in P. Helenus, and tipped with cream colour,marked from the costal margin to the third hranch of the median nervule by a large cream-coloured spot, divided by the nervures into four parts, the lowest much smaller and more lunular than the other three parts.
Underside. Anterior wing with longitudinal rays of pale brown, narrowing from the centre of the wing to the interior margin to a band of same colour as the spot. The posterior wing has at the base of the costa, and between the costal and subcostal nervures, two broad lines of red, the latter nearly twice as long as the former, the large spot as above continued across the wing to the inner margin by a narrow band of lunular spots of same colour ; there is a small spot of the same colour at the anal angle, and another at the tip of the tail; the lunular spots between the nervures on the margin are more strongly marked than on the upperside
"Exp. 4 and 1/4 inches. Hab. Sumatra (Bock).
" In the Collection of Henley Grose Smith (H. G. S., in Entomologists Monthly Magazine,xix.,p. 234 (March, 1883)).
The specimen above described is a female. The male (the underside of which is figured) has the cream-coloured spot faintly continued on the upperside as far as the submedian nervure, and on the underside it is narrower at the inner margin. The white fringe at the tip of the tail in the female is reduced in the male to a white dot in the middle.
Taxonomy
Papilio diophantus is a member of the fuscus species-group. The members of this clade are
Papilio albinus Wallace, 1865
Papilio diophantus Grose-Smith, 1883
Papilio fuscus Goeze, 1779
Papilio hipponous C. & R. Felder, 1862
Papilio jordani Fruhstorfer, 1906
Papilio pitmani Elwes & de Nicéville, [1887]
Papilio prexaspes C. & R. Felder, 1865
Papilio sakontala Hewitson, 1864
Biogeographic realm
This species is located in the Indomalayan realm (Sundaland).
References
diophantus
Butterflies of Indonesia
Lepidoptera of Sumatra
Endemic fauna of Indonesia
Butterflies described in 1883
Taxa named by Henley Grose-Smith
Suchodoły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Haley Anne Strode is an American actress. In 2012, she acted alongside Giovanni Ribisi in Gangster Squad, playing his character's wife. She has since starred in Nick@Nite's Wendell & Vinnie and in ABC's The Astronaut Wives Club, playing the role of Jane Conrad.
Early life
Strode was born in Owensboro, Kentucky, and grew up in the nearby town of Stanley on her family's fourth generation farm. Her mother is a retired teacher, and her father is a farmer. She has two older brothers, Jason and Matthew.
Strode graduated from Apollo High School in Owensboro, and went on to attend the University of Mississippi in Oxford, from which she graduated in 2007 with a BFA in Theatre Arts. While at college, Strode appeared in A Streetcar Named Desire as Stella, Noises Off! as Brooke, and The Importance of Being Earnest as Cecily.
Career
Strode played the role of Windy Stevens in the film Los Angeles, directed by Gerardo Flores, which screened at the Los Angeles Film Festival.
Strode's career in television began with a role on Comedy Central's Lewis Black's Root of All Evil.
Strode provided the voice of Jess' Mother in the independent film Jess + Moss, which was screened at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival. The film won Best Feature at the Prague Fresh Film Festival, and Best Narrative at the Dallas International Film Festival. Strode continued 2012 with roles on television series including CSI:NY, Castle, and Whitney, along with the NBC pilot, The New Normal. In 2012, Strode acted in the Nick at Night series Wendell & Vinnie, starring opposite Jerry Trainor.
Strode appeared in the Warner Bros. release Gangster Squad (2012), directed by Ruben Fleischer. She played the role of Marcia Keeler, alongside Giovanni Ribisi as Detective Conway Keeler. In independent film, Strode played the nemesis of Laura Bell Bundy's character in the film Watercolor Postcards. She next starred in the 2013 film Only in L.A..
In 2016, Strode portrayed the role of real-life NASA wife Jane Conrad on ABC's drama series The Astronaut Wives Club. She stars, in flashbacks, as Rita Forrester, the mother of Ed Westwick's character, in ABC's crime drama series Wicked City. She also appeared in CMT's Still the King.
Filmography
Film
Television
Web
References
External links
Living people
American television actresses
American film actresses
University of Mississippi alumni
21st-century American women
Year of birth missing (living people)
Archduchess Maria Anna of Austria (Maria Anna Josepha Antonia; 6 October 1738 – 19 November 1789) was the second child of Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor, and Maria Theresa, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia. As a child, and for a time the eldest surviving child, she was heiress presumptive, but she suffered from ill health and physical disability, and did not marry. In 1766 she became abbess of the Frauenstift in Prague. Soon thereafter she moved to Klagenfurt and remained there for the rest of her life. Her palace in Klagenfurt, the Mariannengasse, now houses the Episcopal Palace.
Biography
Early life
Archduchess Maria Anna (known as Marianna) was born on 6 October 1738 at the Hofburg Palace in Vienna, the center of the vastly powerful Habsburg Monarchy. As the second but eldest surviving daughter of Maria Theresa, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor, she was heiress presumptive of the hereditary lands of the Austrian Habsburgs between 1740 and 1741, until her younger brother Joseph (later to be the Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II) was born.
Her mother gave her the customary education of the princely courts at that time. Maria Anna's musical talents were highly encouraged, but not her humanities talents. Maria Anna was the child least respected and loved by Maria Theresa—her younger brother Joseph and sisters Maria Elisabeth and Maria Christina always received the attention and care of the Empress: Joseph because he was the male heir, Liesl because she was considered the most beautiful of the daughters, and Mimi because she was the undisputed favorite child of her mother.
Reign of Maria Theresa
Maria Anna was highly intelligent but physically disabled. She suffered from bad health, worsened by the drafty and cold rooms of the Hofburg Palace. In 1757 she contracted pneumonia and almost died, the last rites being called for her. Although she survived, her breathing capacity was permanently damaged, and she also developed a fusion of her spine which caused her to have a lump on her back. After that time, she began to have a close relationship with her father, and reportedly became Francis I's favourite child. She shared his interest in science and conducted experiments in chemistry and physics. Despite being disabled, Maria Anna often played important roles in major events of state, including acting as sponsor at the christening of her youngest sister Marie Antoinette.
In July 1765 the whole Imperial family traveled to Innsbruck for the wedding of the second-oldest son, Leopold. They halted in Klagenfurt, where Maria Anna visited the small monastery that belonged to the Order of Saint Elisabeth, established there in 1710. The encounter with the sisters was to be a turning point in Maria Anna's life. Thea Leitner explains that the Archduchess became enthusiastic for the monastic life because the nuns didn't care about appearances and Maria Anna always lived with the fear of being ridiculed because of her hump.
The death of Emperor Francis I on 18 August 1765 was a devastating blow for Maria Anna. Because her mother was unable to find a royal husband for her, in 1766 Maria Anna was made Princess-Abbess of the Theresian Imperial and Royal Convent for Noble Ladies (Frauenstift) in Prague with the promise of 80,000 florins per year. Despite the opposition of her mother, she decided to give up the Prague position and became an abbess in Klagenfurt with a smaller provision. A palace for her was built by Nicolò Pacassi near the monastery as her residence, the construction of which was completed in 1771.
To the abbess of the convent, she wrote:
Gott hat mir die Gnade gegeben, die Welt und ihre Eitelkeit zu erkennen, und dadurch mir die Stärke erteilt, mein Leben nicht als Klosterfrau, doch in der Einsamkeit und im Dienste der Nächsten zu schließen. Ich habe dazu Klagenfurt ausgewählt, und zwar Sie und ihre frommen Schwestern, hoffend, dass mein unvollkommener Wert durch Ihre guten Beispiele angeeifert, meine Seligkeit mir gewiss versichert wird.
"God has given me the grace to know the world and its vanity, and thereby given me the strength to close my life not as a nun, but in solitude and in the service of neighbors. I have thus selected Klagenfurt, specifically you and your pious sisters, hoping that—my imperfect value spurred on by your good examples—my salvation is certainly assured to me."
During the time prior to her final move to Klagenfurt, Maria Anna completed her father's coin collection (which later became part of the Vienna Museum of Natural History) with the help of her mentor Ignaz von Born, and established her own mineral and insect collection. She financed social projects, archaeological exhumations, artists and scientists.
Maria Anna also wrote a book about her mother's politics. Her watercolors and drawings were praised in the professional world. Maria Anna was made an honorary member of the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna in 1767 and elected member of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze in 1769.
Despite her talents and intelligence, Maria Anna was disliked by high society because her scientific interests were considered unsuitable for her gender, but she was appreciated by the scientific and art world.
Reign of Joseph
Empress Maria Theresa died on 29 November 1780, and four months later, Maria Anna moved permanently to Klagenfurt. She quickly developed a deep friendship with Xaveria Gasser, Abbess of the convent. Thanks to the generous financial support of the Archduchess the monastery hospital could soon be extended, and her own personal physician supervised the patients of the hospital. She also provided welfare assistance in the municipality of Klagenfurt.
Her friends were nuns, artists, scientists, and nobles, including the Carinthian iron industrialist Maximilian Thaddäus von Egger. Some of them belonged to the Freemasons. In 1783, the Klagenfurt Masonic Lodge was founded with a dedication "to charitable Marianna" (Zur wohltätigen Marianna) as she was called. Maria Anna devoted herself in Klagenfurt to her scientific interests. She discovered her love for archeology: she donated 30,000 florins for excavations at Zollfeld and also took part in the excavations herself.
Close to her younger sister Maria Elisabeth, the two lived together in the same convents until their deaths. While her youngest sister, Marie Antoinette, was traveling on her way to Versailles in 1770, she stayed at Klagenfurt for one night.
From the winter of 1788 Maria Anna's health deteriorated further. Her shortness of breath became worse and she could hardly move without a wheelchair. She died on 19 November 1789 in the presence of her closest friends. Reportedly, her last words were:
Es ist wohl ein gutes Land, ich hab es immer lieb gehabt. Es sind gute Menschen, mit denen ich vergnügt lebte und die ich hart verlasse.
"It is indeed a good country, I've had always loved it. There are good people with whom I lived happily and I leave them reluctantly."
Maria Anna left her entire inheritance (amounting to more than 150,000 guilders) to the monastery of Klagenfurt. Her brother, Emperor Joseph II, deducted the inheritance tax from the income. Her palace is now home to the Prince Bishop's residence, in the Mariannengasse.
Gallery
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
Thea Leitner: Habsburgs vergessene Kinder. Piper, München 1996,
Friedrich Weissensteiner: Die Töchter Maria Theresias. Kremayer & Scheriau, Vienna 1991,
Constantin von Wurzbach: Habsburg, Maria Anna (1738–1789) in: Biographisches Lexikon des Kaiserthums Oesterreich, vol. 7. Imperial and Royal Court and State Printing House, Vienna 1861, p 26. online
External links
Personalities of Klagenfurt
Habsburg-Lothringen, Maria Anna in: austria-forum.org
1738 births
1789 deaths
18th-century Austrian people
18th-century Austrian women
Austrian princesses
Knights of the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary
Burials at the Imperial Crypt
Natural history collectors
Daughters of emperors
Children of Maria Theresa
House of Habsburg-Lorraine
Kavirat (Persian: ) may refer to:
Kavirat District
Kavirat Rural District (disambiguation)
This is a list of yearly South Dakota Intercollegiate Conference football standings.
South Dakota Intercollegiate Conference football standings
Pre-NAIA
References
Standings
Ted LeFevre (born July 8, 1964) is an American theatrical set designer.
Early life
He was born in Wilmington, Delaware, and has worked in and around New York City since 1990. In the early 2000's, he designed the sets for Anything Goes, Cabaret, 42nd Street and Singin' in the Rain at the Trump Plaza Hotel in Atlantic City, as well as a revue of Stevie Wonder's songs for the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas starring Chaka Khan and directed by Billy Porter.
Career
Ted has Art Directed for television in New York since 2010, for Fox's Prodigal Son and Us & Them, CBS' Evil, Elementary and A Gifted Man, NBC's Shades of Blue and Mercy, FX's Louie, Starz' Power, USA's Royal Pains, and DirecTV's Damages. He has assisted on the films The Other Woman and A Walk Among the Tombstones, and on Amazon's two time Art Directors' Guild award-winning The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, plus NBC's God Friended Me, Starz' Sweetbitter, FX's The Americans, CBS' BrainDead, HBO's Boardwalk Empire, Fox's The Following, ABC's Zero Hour, and USA's Political Animals, working on an average of 20 scripts or episodes per year.
In 2016, LeFevre was elected Local Union Executive Board Trustee from the Eastern Region of United Scenic Artists Local 829 of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, and re-elected to a second three-year term in 2019.
LeFevre was the associate to Bob Crowley for Disney's 2000 production of Elton John and Tim Rice's Aida, which won a Tony Award for "Best Scenic Design". He worked again with him on Tom Stoppard's The Invention of Love at Lincoln Center in 2001; the set was nominated for a Tony Award and won the Drama Desk Award for "Best Design of a Play".
LeFevre also worked on Broadway with John Doyle on the 2005 Sweeney Todd revival, and with Derek McLane on the 2007 Grease revival. He also worked with Robert Jones on Stoppard's play Rock 'n' Roll, directed by Trevor Nunn in 2007, as well as The Sound of Music in Toronto in 2008. He was the associate designer on other Broadway play revivals The Country Girl, directed by Mike Nichols, and Boeing-Boeing in 2008, and on Blithe Spirit, for which Angela Lansbury won a Tony award, and Exit the King, for which Geoffrey Rush won a Tony award, in 2009.
Among LeFevre's Off-Off-Broadway premieres are play productions at Circle Rep Lab, the H.B. Playwrights' Foundation, Pulse Ensemble, EST/Playwrights' Collective, Naked Eye/Kasbah Project and two seasons as the resident designer for the Miranda Theatre Company. LeFevre also worked for two seasons in New York designing classics and new works for the American Globe Theatre.
Regional credits range from Fairfield County Stage Company to Princeton University and Cincinnati Playhouse in the Park and the John W. Engeman Theatre in Northport, Long Island. Related work includes the TV-Land Mall Tour and “Gullah Gullah Island Live” shows for Nickelodeon Entertainment, a double bill for the Bronx Opera Company, and two teleplays for WQED-TV in Pittsburgh.
LeFevre's designs for the new musical Ebenezer in New York during Christmas of 1996 led to work on twelve summer shows for Surflight Theatre in Beach Haven, New Jersey during their 1998 and 1999 seasons, then Gigi in 2001, On the Town in 2002, Fiddler on the Roof in 2003, State Fair and "Anything Goes" in 2004, Shenandoah in 2005, "Annie Get Your Gun" in 2006, "Aida" in 2007, "All Shook Up" and "The Will Rogers Follies" in 2008, "Hairspray" in 2009, and "The Drowsy Chaperone" in 2010.
His assistant design work includes ten international and touring companies of Beauty and the Beast, two new musicals at Goodspeed Opera, and both A Christmas Carol at Madison Square Garden and Carnevale at Radio City for Tony Walton. He also worked on productions of Spamalot and Phantom in Las Vegas. In addition, Ted has drafted and built models for sixteen new productions at the Metropolitan Opera, and done renderings for dozens of commercials and industrials.
Ted drafted the 2003 Broadway season's Tony-nominated Hairspray, designed by the Rockwell Group, as well as Eugene Lee's Tony-award-winning set design for 2004's Wicked, and both "The Wedding Singer" and "The Lieutenant of Inishmore" for Scott Pask in 2005.
Education
LeFevre's undergraduate degree in Art (abstract oil painting) is from Brown University, where he joined the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity, and his MFA in Scenic Design is from Carnegie Mellon University. He has been a member in good standing of United Scenic Artists Local 829 of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees since 1992. He and his husband of thirty two years are the fathers of twin sons.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Artists from Wilmington, Delaware
American scenic designers
Brown University alumni
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
Htamanthi Wildlife Sanctuary is a large protected area in northern Myanmar. It was established in 1974 in the Sagaing Region.
It is located between the Chindwin River in Hkamti District and the Uyu River, with of the area in Homalin Township, and in Hkamti Township.
Biodiversity
Htamanthi Wildlife Sanctuary provides habitat for over 30 mammals including Asian elephant (Elephas maximus), gaur (Bos gaurus), mainland serow (Capricornis milneedwardsii), Asiatic black bear (Ursus thibetanus) and Indochinese leopard (Panthera pardus delacouri). Formerly it was also home of the Northern Sumatran rhinoceros (Didermocherus sumatrensis lasiotis) and the Javan rhinoceros (Rhinoceros sondaicus), which have become extinct in the area in the 1980s, though some reports suggest that the former still persists in the park.
Tiger (Panthera tigris), clouded leopard (Neofelis nebulosa), Asiatic golden cat (Catopuma temminckii), leopard cat (Prionailurus bengalensis), large Indian civet (Viverra zibetha), hog badger (Arctonyx collaris), Asian palm civet (Paradoxurus hermaphroditus), binturong (Arctictis binturong), masked palm civet (Paguma larvata) were recorded during a camera trap survey in 1999.
The clouded leopard and marbled cat populations were studied more detailed between December 2014 and March 2016.
An Asian water monitor (Varanus salvator) was recorded in 2016 along one of the streams flowing through the sanctuary.
Among the many birds found in the reserve are the white-winged duck (Asarcornis scutulata) and the masked finfoot (Heliopais personatus).
References
External links
Protected areas of Myanmar
Important Bird Areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1974
The Tents of Allah are a 1923 American silent drama film written and directed by Charles A. Logue and starring Monte Blue, Mary Alden, and Frank Currier.
Synopsis
While visiting her uncle, the American consul in Tangier, Morocco, a young woman offends a powerful Sultan whose henchman kidnap her.
Cast
Preservation
With no prints of The Tents of Allah located in any film archives, it is a lost film.
References
Bibliography
Munden, Kenneth White. The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures Produced in the United States, Part 1. University of California Press, 1997.
External links
1923 films
1923 drama films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
1920s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Charles A. Logue
Films set in Tangier
Associated Exhibitors films
1920s American films
Goodbye is the final album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1974 and released on the Prestige label.
Reception
The Allmusic review stated "It is ironic that on tenor saxophonist Gene Ammons' final recording date, the last song he performed was the standard "Goodbye." That emotional rendition is the high point of this session... It's a fine ending to a colorful career".
Track listing
All compositions by Gene Ammons except as indicated
"Sticks" (Cannonball Adderley) - 6:29
"Alone Again (Naturally)" (Gilbert O'Sullivan) - 5:58
"It Doesn't Mean a Thing (If It Ain't Got That Swing)" (Duke Ellington, Irving Mills) - 5:41
"Jeannine" (Duke Pearson) - 7:14
"Geru's Blues" - 7:36
"Goodbye" (Gordon Jenkins) - 4:32
Personnel
Gene Ammons - tenor saxophone
Nat Adderley - cornet
Gary Bartz - alto saxophone
Kenny Drew - piano
Sam Jones - bass
Louis Hayes - drums
Ray Barretto - congas (tracks 1-5)
References
1975 albums
Prestige Records albums
Gene Ammons albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
Mauritania competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar from 27 September to 6 October 2019.
Results
Men
Track and road events
References
Mauritania
World Championships in Athletics
2019
Swedes Run (or Swede Run) is a river in Burlington County, New Jersey. Swedes Run drains an area of 3.63 square miles. Swedes Run drains into the Delaware River, and is approximately 11.95 miles long.
Water quality
Swedes Run is considered an impaired body of water, due to higher-than-acceptable levels of arsenic, pathogens, oxygen depletion, and polychlorinated biphenyls. The probable source of the arsenic is from the agriculture near the river, and the probable source of the other impaired conditions would be from urban runoff.
Upstream, the river's water quality improves, and at a certain upstream site, the river was given a score of 146, or suboptimal, on its habitat analysis. This has improved from recent years where it had been given a score of 62 on its habitat analysis, which would translate to very little or marginal habitat.
References
Rivers of Burlington County, New Jersey
Maziarnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
It is the birthplace of Polish philosopher Stanisław Brzozowski (1878–1911).
References
Villages in Chełm County
Charles Lachman is an Executive Producer of the news magazine program Inside Edition, based in New York City. The show has been on the air for more than two decades and is consistently in the top ten-rated programs in first-run national syndication.
Prior to joining Inside Edition, Lachman served as co-Executive Producer of American Journal and Managing Editor of the nightly news broadcasts at WNYW-TV in New York City. He was also a reporter for the New York Post.
He is the author of the novel In the Name of the Law (1988), the historical saga The Last Lincolns: The Rise & Fall of a Great American Family (2008), and A Secret Life (2011), an investigative history of President Grover Cleveland. His newest book is Footsteps in the Snow (2014), a true crime saga about the coldest case in U.S. history.
Lachman is married to Nancy Glass, the television host, producer and owner of Glass Entertainment Group. He lives in New York City.
Bibliography
Notes
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
Television producers from New York City
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from New York (state)
Rybie may refer to the following places:
Rybie, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Rybie- Also known as American super head Ryan rivera.
Rybie, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Rybie, Gostynin County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Rybie, Pruszków County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Rybie, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland) Also commonly known as (megamind/ Ryan Riviera disease)
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Nishikawa was born in Sakura on April 10, 1978. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined J2 League club Oita Trinita in 2001. On June 13, he debuted against Júbilo Iwata in 2001 J.League Cup. However he could hardly play in the match in 2001. In 2002, he moved to J2 club Shonan Bellmare. Although he played many matches in early 2003 season, he could not play many matches in 2 seasons. In 2004, he moved to Japan Football League (JFL) club Sagawa Printing. He played many matches in 2004. During the 2005 season, he moved to his local club Tochigi SC in JFL. He played many matches until 2006. However his opportunity to play decreased in 2007 and he retired end of 2007 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Chuo University alumni
Association football people from Tochigi Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Oita Trinita players
Shonan Bellmare players
SP Kyoto FC players
Tochigi SC players
Association football midfielders
Elections were held in the organized municipalities in the Rainy River District of Ontario on October 27, 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
Alberton
Atikokan
Chapple
Dawson
Emo
Fort Frances
Lake of the Woods
La Vallee
Morley
Rainy River
References
Rainy River
Rainy River District
The HTC Evo 4G LTE is an Android smartphone developed by HTC Corporation to be released exclusively by Sprint. A successor to the previous HTC Evo 4G and 3D models, the Evo 4G LTE supports Sprint's LTE cellular network and its current-generation EV-DO network. The Evo 4G LTE shares features with its GSM counterpart, the HTC One Xsuch as the same dual-core 1.5 GHz processor used by the One X's LTE variant, a 4.7-inch screen, and Android 4.1 with HTC's Sense 4.0 interface. The Evo 4G LTE was also the first phone built with an all aluminum frame, leaving only a small plastic piece to allow the Sim and micro sd cards to be installed.
After a slight delay imposed by a patent infringement lawsuit, the Evo 4G LTE began shipping on May 24, 2012 to customers who pre-ordered the phone on Sprint's website. It was then released on a nationwide basis on June 2, 2012.
Release
The Evo 4G LTE was unveiled in April 2012 as one of the first LTE-enabled smartphones to be released by Sprint, and as a successor to the Evo 4G. The Evo 4G LTE officially became available for pre-order from Sprint on May 7, 2012. On June 2, 2012 the HTC Evo 4G LTE was released.
After an announced May 18 release date for the Evo 4G LTE, shipments of both the Evo 4G LTE and the HTC One X were delayed by U.S. Customs by order of the International Trade Commission, to ensure that its software complied with an import ban imposed on HTC over products violating a "data tapping" patent owned by Apple Inc., relating to displaying a menu of options when clicking on an email or phone number.
On May 21, 2012, the Taipei Times reported that the HTC One X and HTC EVO 4G LTE shipment had cleared US Customs and was entering the United States. Following the report from the Taipei Times, Sprint confirmed the article and announced that the HTC EVO 4G LTE is expected to start shipping Thursday, May 24, 2012 to those who pre-ordered online. To comply with the ruling, such actions are pre-set to particular apps and can only be modified within a new "App Associations" menu.
Features
The Evo 4G LTE is visibly and technologically similar to its GSM counterpart, the HTC One X. As a result, it shares many of its features and functionality with the One X, but still features other slight differences.
Kickstand
The Sprint CDMA variant of the handset once again featured the kickstand, popular with users of the HTC Evo 4G and watching videos
Screen and input
The Evo 4G LTE utilizes a 720p 4.7 inch Super LCD 2 display, with a pixel-density of 312 ppi.
As with the One X, the Evo 4G LTE utilizes three capacitive keys on the front of the phone for the Back, Home, and Recent Apps functions, along with a power button and volume rocker. Unlike the One X, the Evo 4G LTE also features a camera button. As with other Sense 4.0 phones, applications that require the now deprecated "Menu" button from previous versions of Android display this button on a bar at the bottom of the screen when needed.
Processor and memory
Like the LTE variants of the One X, the Evo 4G LTE utilizes a 1.5 GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM8960 processor, with 1024 MB of RAM.
Cameras
The Evo 4G LTE features a rear-facing 8-megapixel camera capable of shooting 1080p videos, as well as a 1.3-megapixel front-facing camera. It also features HTC's "ImageSense" chip, which allows for increased camera functionality, such as the ability to shoot burst shots at 4 pictures per second, as well as take pictures while recording video.
Storage
The Evo 4G LTE features 16 GB of internal storage. Unlike the One X, the Evo 4G LTE also includes a Micro SDHC card slot, supporting up to 32 GB Class 10 of additional storage.
Audio and output
As with other contemporary HTC phones, the Evo 4G LTE featured Beats Audio technology, providing better audio quality.
Connectivity
The Evo 4G LTE features a CDMA cellular radio that supports 3G, EV-DO, as well as Sprint's LTE network. The phone will also be the first Sprint phone to support HD voice. It does not operate on Sprint's 2G iDEN network. More importantly, it does not work on Sprint's 4G WiMAX network. This means that a customer moving from previous generation Sprint 4G WiMAX phones such as the Evo 4G/3D may see drastically slower speeds if they are not in a 4G LTE area.
Battery and power
The device features an integrated 2000 mAh battery.
Software
As with other recent HTC phones, the Evo 4G LTE is pre-loaded with Android 4.0 and HTC's Sense 4.0 user interface. A software update for the EVO 4G LTE began rolling out to users on August 29, 2012. The update included several software fixes, Android version 4.0.4, and version 4.1 of HTC Sense. On December 13, 2012 Android 4.1 and Sense 4+ was rolling out with many new features including a new interface and Android version 4.1. On February 3, 2013 a new software update came out fixing the bugs and issues of Android 4.1 and Sense 4+ relating to the proximity sensor and camera.
In October 2013, a new software update started rolling out. It made HD Voice over Sprint on by default. While HTC had apparently stated that the EVO 4G LTE would be updated to Android 4.3 via an update from them (rather than Sprint), that update has been pulled and abandoned. While not officially updated past Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, it can still run Android versions up to at least 5.0 Lollipop via community support.
See also
HTC One X
References
Evo 4G LTE
Android (operating system) devices
Mobile phones introduced in 2012
Discontinued smartphones
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1584.
Events
date unknown – Master Thomas Giles takes charge of the Children of Paul's, a company of boy actors. This is the start of a close association with the works of John Lyly.
New books
Prose
Giordano Bruno – La Cena de le Ceneri (Ash Wednesday Supper)
John Dee – 48 Claves angelicae (48 Angelic Keys, written in Kraków)
James VI of Scotland – Some Reulis and Cautelis to be observit and eschewit in Scottis poesie
David Powel – The Historie of Cambria, now called Wales (first printed history of Wales)
Reginald Scot – The Discoverie of Witchcraft
Richard Stanihurst – De rebus in Hibernia gestis (Of matters in the history of Ireland)
Lucas Janszoon Waghenaer – Spiegel der Zeevaerdt (Mariners' Mirror, English 1588, Latin 1591)
Drama
'A.M.' (probably Anthony Munday) – Fidele and Fortunio
Robert Wilson (attributed) – The Three Ladies of London
Poetry
See 1584 in poetry
Thomas Watson – Hekatompathia or Passionate Centurie of Love (publication)
Births
May – André Duchesne, French geographer and historian (died 1640)
August 29 – Patrick Young, Scottish scholar and royal librarian (died 1652)
September 15 – Georg Rudolf Weckherlin, German poet (died 1653)
December 16 – John Selden, English polymath (died 1654)
unknown dates
Francis Beaumont, English dramatist and poet (died 1616)
Anna Ovena Hoyer, German/Swedish poet (died 1655)
Hu Zhengyan, Chinese artist, printmaker, calligrapher and publisher (died 1674)
Deaths
February 18 – Antonio Francesco Grazzini, Italian prose writer (born 1503)
March 10 – Thomas Norton, English lawyer, politician and poet (born 1532)
June 13 – János Zsámboky, Hungarian humanist, philologist and historian (born 1531)
July 23 – John Day, English Protestant printer (born c. 1522)
August 12 – Carolus Sigonius, Italian humanist writer (born c. 1524)
November 21 – Turrianus, Spanish Jesuit Hellenist and polemicist (born c. 1509)
unknown dates
Stephen Batman, English translator (date of birth unknown)
Gerhard Dorn, Flemish philosopher, translator and polymath (born c. 1530)
Alonso Gutiérrez, Spanish philosopher (born c. 1507)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
"Treading Water" is a song by Swedish singer Christoffer Kläfford, winner of the Swedish version of Idol in its thirteenth season in 2017. The song was released as a digital download in Sweden on 15 December 2017 through Universal Music Group. It was released on Kläfford's EP with the same name. The song was subsequently certified platinum in Sweden.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2017 debut singles
2017 songs
Universal Music Group singles
The year 1617 in music involved some significant events.
Events
January 6 – The Vision of Delight, a masque written by Ben Jonson and designed by Inigo Jones, is performed at Whitehall Palace, probably for the first time on this date, with a second performance of January 19. The work features music by Nicholas Lanier.
January 16 – Thomas Weelkes, organist at Chichester Cathedral, is dismissed for being drunk and disorderly.
February 22 – Lovers Made Men, another masque by Jonson, Jones, and Lanier, is performed. (Lanier's music for the masque may have featured recitatives throughout; if so, it would have been a significant precursor of English opera, but this cannot be certain as the music has not survived.)
August 30 – Alessandro Grandi is appointed singer at San Marco, Venice, at a salary of 80 ducats per annum, under choirmaster Claudio Monteverdi.
December 29 – John Bull is appointed cathedral organist in Antwerp, with a salary of 80 florins a year plus a special supplement of 20 florins.
Lutenist and composer Jacques Gaultier flees to England from France after being involved in a murder.
Publications
Agostino Agresta – First book of madrigals for six voices (Naples: Costantino Vitale)
Gregor Aichinger
(Ingolstadt, Gregor Haenlin) for four voices and basso continuo.
(Dillingen, Gregor Haenlin) for four voices and basso continuo, dedicated to Maximilian Fugger.
Giovanni Andreini, Claudio Monteverdi, Salamone Rossi, Muzio Effrem, Alessandro Ghivizzani – (Venice, Bartolomeo Magni) "Sacra Rappresentazione" (i.e. an oratorio).
Giovanni Francesco Anerio
Fourth book of (Rome: Giovanni Battista Robletti)
, madrigals for 1, 2, 3, and 4 voices (Rome: Giovanni Battista Robletti)
(Rome: Giovanni Battista Robletti), a collection of motets, madrigals, canzonettas, dialogues, and arias
Bartolomeo Barbarino – Madrigals for three voices and theorbo or harpsichord (Venice: Ricciardo Amadino), also includes some madrigals for solo voice
Girolamo Belli – Ninth book of madrigals for five voices, Op. 22 (Venice: Bartolomeo Magni for Gardano)
Jean Baptiste Besard – (Augsburg, D. Franck), collection of lute music.
Bernardino Borlasca – First book of for two, three, and four voices, Op. 7 (Munich: Anna Berg)
William Brade – for five instruments (Hamburg: Michael Hering), a collection of dance music
Antonio Brunelli – for one, two, three, and four voices, Op. 13 (Venice: Giacomo Vincenti)
Thomas Campion – The Third and Fourth Booke of Ayres (London, Thomas Snodham), "so as they may be expressed by one voyce, with a violl, lute, or orpharion."
Antonio Cifra
Fifth book of for one, two, three, and four voices, Op. 23 (Rome: Giovanni Battista Robletti)
Fourth book of madrigals for five voices (Rome: Giovanni Battista Robletti)
Camillo Cortellini – Masses for eight voices (Venice: Giacomo Vincenti)
Richard Dering – for five voices with basso continuo (Antwerp: Pierre Phalèse)
Melchior Franck
for twelve voices (Coburg: Justus Coburg), a festival motet
for twelve voices in three choirs (Coburg: Justus Hauck), a wedding motet
for eight voices (Coburg: Justus Hauck), a wedding motet
(Coburg: Justus Hauck)
Marco da Gagliano – Sixth book of madrigals for five voices (Venice: Bartolomeo Magni)
Pierre Guédron – Third book of for four and five voices (Paris: Pierre Ballard)
Andreas Hakenberger – for six, seven, eight, nine, ten, and twelve voices with organ bass (Frankfurt: Gottfried Tampach)
Biagio Marini – Affetti musicali (Musical Affections), Op. 1 (Venice)
Pietro Pace
, Op. 14 (Venice: Giacomo Vincenti)
, Op. 15 (Venice: Giacomo Vincenti)
Vincenzo Pace - , 3 books, Op. 1–3 (Venice: Bartolomeo Magni for Gardano)
Giovanni Palazzotto e Tagliavia — First book of madrigals to five voices (Naples: Costantino Vitale)
Francesco Pasquali – , Op. 2 (Venice: Giacomo Vincenti)
Enrico Antonio Radesca – Fifth book of canzonettas, madrigals and arias for one and two voices (Venice: Giacomo Vincenti)
Johann Hermann Schein – Banchetto musicale, newer … Padouanen, Gagliarden, Courenten und Allemanden à 5, auff allerley Instrumenten (Leipzig).
Classical music
Opera
Giordano Giacobbi –
Births
April 3 – Antimo Liberati, Italian music theorist, composer, and contralto singer (d. 1692)
Deaths
February 16 – Kaspar Ulenberg, German theologian, poet, and composer (born 1549)
April 5 – Alonso Lobo, Spanish composer (born 1555)
August 8 – Tarquinia Molza, Italian singer (born 1542)
August 16 – Giovanni Bassano, cornet player and composer (born c. 1560)
date unknown
Cesare Bendinelli, Italian trumpet player (born c. 1542)
Robert Jones, lutenist and composer (born c. 1577)
References
Music
17th century in music
Music by year
The Fall of Terra is a compilation of adventures that was published by FASA in 1996 for the mecha role-playing game BattleTech.
Contents
The Fall of Terra is a soft-cover book by Chris Hartford and Bryan Nystul, with artwork by Tom Baxa, John Bridegroom, Storn Cook, Kevin Long, James Nelson, Mike Nielsen, and Christopher Trevas, and cover art by Doug Chaffee. The book contains a compilation of sixteen BattleTech adventures that describe the story of the struggle for Earth between enemy groups.
The book also includes special rules for moving on ice, snow and mud. Some of the adventures require rules and data from previously published source books BattleSpace, MechWarrior, and MechWarrior Companion.
Reception
In the August 1997 edition of Dragon (Issue #238), Rick Swan gave a good recommendation for this book, saying, "If you're a BattleTech veteran happy with the third edition (editions one and two are obsolete), there's no compelling reason to invest in version four. Instead, I direct your attention The Fall of Terra, a compilation of first-rate scenarios dealing with the control of planet Earth."
Reviews
Arcane #12
References
BattleTech supplements
Stany Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Stany Nowe
Courchevel Altiport () is an altiport serving Courchevel, a ski resort in the French Alps. The airfield has a very short runway of only with a gradient of 18.6%. There is no go-around procedure for landings at Courchevel due to the surrounding mountainous terrain. The airfield primarily sees use by smaller fixed-wing aircraft such as the Cessna 208 Caravan, as well as helicopters. The runway has no instrument approach procedure or lighting aids, making landing in fog or low clouds unsafe and almost impossible.
The airport is considered dangerous, as it features a difficult approach, an upward-sloping runway and ski runs in the adjacent area. The History Channel program Most Extreme Airports ranks it as the seventh most extreme airport in the world.
Commercial service
In the 1980s, Tyrolean Airways served Courchevel using Dash-7 STOL aircraft capable of carrying 54 passengers. More recently, De Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otters and DHC-7 Dash 7 turboprops have served the airport. According to their website, Alpine Airlines is currently the only company worldwide to offer commercial flights to Courchevel Altiport.
Statistics
References
External links
Photo of DHC-7 on runway
Airport information
Airports in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Buildings and structures in Savoie
Altiports
Connected Hum Tum is a reality show that is broadcast on Zee TV from 3 June 10pm IST. It's a women's book show where six ordinary women who have shot their own videos share their private moment publicly on national television. Moving 'Badalte Rishton ki Dastaan' to 11pm.
Participants
Malishka Mendonca is a popular radio jockey at Red FM in Mumbai. Malishka' s main aim on the show is to find a suitable man to settle down. In her quest to find the perfect man, she
is accompanied by her mother, who appears frequently on many of the episodes.
Preeti Kochar is also known as the dancing dentist. She is a multitasking superwoman who is able to juggle her work at the clinic, responsibilities at home as well as her passion for dance. She is a doting mother to Zohan who is also seen on the show along with her husband and
mother-in-law.
Pallavi Burman is a brand manager at a leading clothing company. Having reached career success, she married a man chosen by her parents. The relationship did not work out and to her parents' dismay, she sought a divorce. Now having found a man of her own, she determined this time around to make her relationship work.
Mahima Chaudhary is a struggling actress from Meerut, Uttar Pradesh. She comes from a large joint family. Having grown up in the shadow of her super successful sister, Garima Chaudhary, Mahima wants to make a name for herself. With no support from her conservative family, she strives to make it big in the world of Bollywood. Additionally, she also has a boyfriend who is not from her caste and hence is not accepted by her family.
Sonal Giani is an activist of the LGBT movement and a theatre producer. Born and brought up in Goa along with her twin sister, she is the daughter of an army officer. Sonal is in a relationship and wants the parents of her lover to accept their relationship.
Madhavi Mauskar is a foreign language expert and corporate trainer. After surviving two divorces, she is ready to face life with a renewed enthusiasm. She is preparing to become a grandmother for the second time and also deal with her first ex-husband who wants to be part of her life again.
References
1. ^ http://www.zeetv.com/shows/connected-hum-tum/cast/
2.http://mumbai.redfm.in/
Indian reality television series
is a Japanese former football player.
Club career
Noda was born in Muroran on March 19, 1969. After graduating from Kokushikan University, he joined Nissan Motors (later Yokohama Marinos) in 1991. In 1992, he became a regular player as defensive midfielder. The club won the champions 1991, 1992 Emperor's Cup and 1995 J1 League. In Asia, the club won the champions 1991–92 and 1992–93 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. In 1999, he moved to Avispa Fukuoka. Although he played as regular player, the club was relegated to J2 League in 2002. In 2002, his opportunity to play decreased and he moved to Regional Leagues club Volca Kagoshima in 2003. He retired end of 2004 season.
National team career
In 1988, when Noda was a Kokushikan University student, he was selected Japan national "B team" for 1988 Asian Cup. At this competition, he played 1 game. However, Japan Football Association don't count as Japan national team match because this Japan team was "B team" not "top team"
Futsal career
In 1989, Noda selected Japan national futsal team for 1989 Futsal World Championship in the Netherlands.
Club statistics
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Kokushikan University alumni
Association football people from Hokkaido
Japanese footballers
Japanese men's futsal players
Japan Soccer League players
J1 League players
J2 League players
Yokohama F. Marinos players
Avispa Fukuoka players
1988 AFC Asian Cup players
Association football midfielders
People from Muroran, Hokkaido
John Alexander Georgiadis (17 July 1939 – 5 January 2021) was a British violinist and conductor. He was twice Concert Leader with the London Symphony Orchestra during the 1960s and 70s, a member of both the ensembles London Virtuosi and the Gabrieli String Quartet as well as conductor for both the Bangkok Symphony Orchestra and the Malaysian Philharmonic Orchestra, and as Director of Orchestral Studies at the Royal Academy of Music.
Early life
Georgiadis was born in Southend-on-Sea on 17 July 1939, growing up in the nearby town of Laindon. His father Alec was an amateur violinist and encouraged his son to master the instrument from the age of 6. During his childhood on a family holiday to Austria, his family met Willi Boskovsky, who on his visit to England visited and stayed in Laindon giving lessons to the young Georgiadis. He attended the Royal Academy of Music studying with Frederick Grinke and spent a year with René Benedetti.
Musical career
In the late 1950s, a young Georgiadis had been the Concert Leader for Leslie Head and the Kensington Symphony Orchestra.
In 1963 Georgiadis joined the Birmingham Symphony Orchestra as Concert Leader. In 1965 he joined the London Symphony Orchestra as Concert Leader until his first departure in 1973. During this time he performed the first English performance of the Menotti Violin Concerto, and the first London performance of the Bartok Violin Concerto No.1. In 1972, along with Anthony Camden (oboe), Douglas Cummings (cello) and James Galway (flute) formed the London Virtuosi Chamber Ensemble, of which he was the musical director.
In 1974, Georgiadis left the London Symphony Orchestra and started to teach with the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, where he started his conducting career. He played solo violinist with the Kensington Symphony Orchestra in a memorial concert to John Howard Davies live on BBC Radio London on the 25 July 1974. In 1976 he recorded the Bliss Concerto with the BBC Symphony Orchestra. In 1977 he returned to the London Symphony Orchestra as Concert Leader, where he met and worked with Sergiu Celibidache, a relationship that lasted for 8 years. On New Year's Day 1977, Georgiadis conducted the orchestra at the Royal Albert Hall, and continued the conductor role until 2015, in the Viennese style of his former mentor Willi Boskovsky. In 1979 Georgiadis left the LSO for a second time, but continued to guest as a soloist and a conductor. While touring with the Orchestra he recorded their trips on a movie camera. On the 15 March 1980 he conducted the BBC Concert Orchestra as part of the February Festival for BBC Radio 2's Saturday Night is Gala Night.
In 1982 he become the music director for the Bristol Sinfonia, where he remained until 1984. From 1982 he was the principal conductor of the Essex Youth Orchestra, a position he held for 11 years. In 1987 he joined the Gabrieli Quartet, where he was the first violinist, until he left in 1990. In 1989 he joined the Royal Academy of Music as the Director of Orchestral Studies, a position he held until 1992. During his time with the Academy he worked as a guest conductor at the Queensland Symphony Orchestra.
In 1992 he was approached by the Bangkok Symphony Orchestra, of which in 1994 he became its music director and conductor, and later became a regular guest conductor at the Malaysian Philharmonic Orchestra, an orchestra he helped set up. He continued to guest conduct with orchestras around the world.
Georgiadis toured as a recital duet with Andy Peebles from 1988 to 1999. He quit playing music professionally in the early 2000s. In 1999 he was asked by Kulthorn Silapabanleng, son of Thai composer Prasidh Silapabanleng to complete his composition The Prelude Of Siam, which Georgiadis did on the 4 September 1999. Unfortunately Prasidh had died the month before.
Georgiadis was an honorary member of the Johann Strauss Society of Great Britain for whom he was archives guardian and librarian. In 1989 he conducted the London Symphony Orchestra in recording Johann Strauss and Family in London for the silver jubilee of the organisation.
Literary, acting and television career
In 1979 Georgiadis appeared as a judge on the Thames Television programme, Fanfare for Young Musicians.
In 2013 Georgiadis played the part of Bill, a member of the string section, in the British film Quartet.
He launched his autobiography Bow to Baton: A Leader's Life in 2019. In the book he revealed was not a fan of Andre Previn, whom he worked with at the London Symphony Orchestra.
Discography
1975 - Elgar - John Georgiadis, John Parry - Music For Violin And Piano
1976 - London Symphony Orchestra, John Georgiadis – The Magic of Strauss
1976 - John Georgiadis, Susan Georgiadis – Gipsy Carnival
1977 - John Georgiadis, Susan Georgiadis – Hora Staccato
1978 - The Johann Strauss Orchestra, John Georgiadis – A Strauss Family Gala
1978 - The London Symphony Orchestra Conducted From The Violin Of John Georgiadis – The Blue Danube Waltz
1978 - John Georgiadis - Susan Georgiadis – Moto Perpetuo
1979 - Moeran - John Georgiadis, London Symphony Orchestra, Vernon Handley – Violin Concerto
1979 - The Strauss Family: Vienna Dances
1986 - Johann Strauss I/ Johann Strauss II/ Josef Strauss/ London Symphony Orchestra, John Georgiadis – An Evening Of Strauss
1988 - The London Symphony Orchestra - Conductor: John Georgiadis – An Evening In Vienna
1989 - The London Symphony Orchestra, John Georgiadis – Johann Strauss And Family In London
1993 - Albinoni – The London Virtuosi, Anthony Camden, John Georgiadis – Oboe Concerti Op. 9, Nos. 2, 3, 5, 8, 9 & 11
1994 - Weber - Queensland Philharmonic Orchestra, John Georgiadis – Symphonies Nos. 1 & 2 • Turandot • Silvana • Die Drei Pintos
1995 - Albinoni - Anthony Camden, Alison Alty, The London Virtuosi, John Georgiadis – Oboe Concerti Vol. 2
1995 - Albinoni, Anthony Camden, Alison Alty, The London Virtuosi, John Georgiadis – Oboe Concerti Vol. 3
1997 - Johann Strauss - London Symphony Orchestra, John Georgiadis – A New Year Concert
1997 - John Georgiadis – Strauss A Viennese Collection London Symphony Orchestra
1998 - Fauré - RTE Sinfonietta, John Georgiadis - Orchestral Music
1999 - The Strauss Family in London
2015 - Czibulka, Fahrbach Jr., Fetrás, Gung'l, Hellmesberger Jr., Ivanovici, Lanner, Lincke, Millöcker, Schmid, Schrammel, Ziehrer, Czech Chamber Philharmonic Orchestra Padubice, John Georgiadis – Contemporaries Of The Strauss Family Vol. 1
2015 - Ivanovici, Lincke, Zeller, Fucik, Komzák, Suppé, Rosas, Hellmesberger, Labitzky, Fetrás, Schrammel, Czech Chamber Philharmonic Orchestra Pardubice, John Georgiadis – Contemporaries Of The Strauss Family - Volume 2
2017 - Eduard Strauss I, Czech Chamber Philharmonic Orchestra Paradubice, John Georgiadis – A Centenary Celebration
2017 - Czibulka, Eilenberg, Fahrbach, Jr, Fučík, Heuberger, Kéler, Labitzky, Lincke, Millöcker, Pazeller, Vollstedt, J.F. Wagner, Czech Chamber Philharmonic Orchestra Paradubice, John Georgiadis – Contemporaries Of The Strauss Family Vol. 3
2019 - Eduard Strauss I, Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra Pardubice, John Georgiadis – A Centenary Celebration Vol. 2
2019 - Contemporaries of the Strauss Family, Vol. 4
Personal life
Georgiadis was born to parent Alec and Pat in 1939. He had an interest in website building, redesigning the Deal Festival site as well as designing Viennese Music Library (archives of the Johann Strauss Society of Great Britain) and Musicians Gallery.
In 1961 Georgiadis married Susan Salter, a viola player and pianist. They toured and recorded together performing Gypsy music. She died in 2006. They had three children. His second wife was Monica Mollerstrom and they lived in the town of Deal.
In 2019 he underwent surgery to remove a brain tumor. Georgiadis died on 5 January 2021.
References
External links
1939 births
2021 deaths
20th-century British male musicians
20th-century British musicians
20th-century classical violinists
Academics of the Royal Academy of Music
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
British classical violinists
British conductors (music)
British male conductors (music)
British people of Greek descent
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Music
London Symphony Orchestra players
Male classical violinists
People from Laindon
People from Southend-on-Sea
Death of a Nation is a live DVD by Anti-Flag. It was filmed throughout
The Terror State tour at a variety of North American shows. Death of a Nation features a variety of performances in different types of venues.
Track listing
"Death of a Nation" – 1:58
"Turncoat" – 2:22
"Got The Numbers" – 2:52
"You Can Kill The Protester, But You Can't Kill The Protest" – 2:21
"This Machine Kills Fascists" – 2:10
"Underground Network" – 3:27
"Rank-N-File" – 3:42
"Bring Out Your Dead" – 2:09
"Captain Anarchy" – 2:42
"Sold As Freedom" – 2:13
"No Borders, No Nations" – 3:00
"Tearing Everyone Down" – 2:53
"911 For Peace" – 3:20
"Mind The G.A.T.T." – 3:01
"Power To The Peaceful" – 2:53
"Angry, Young And Poor" – 2:41
"Watch The Right" – 2:44
"A New Kind of Army" – 3:36
"Post-War Breakout" – 2:42
"Spaz's House Destruction Party" – 3:21
"That's Youth" – 3:03
"Die For The Government" – 3:23
"Fuck The Flag" – 2:14
Bonus Material
Death of a Nation Video (Previously Unreleased)
Post-War Breakout Video (Previously Unreleased)
Turncoat Video
Behind the scenes content from the "Turncoat" video
Band Interview
Live Radio Show
Behind the scenes tour footage
References
Anti-Flag albums
2004 video albums
2004 live albums
Live video albums
A-F Records albums
These are the team rosters of the nations participating in the women's ice hockey tournament of the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Group A
Group B
See also
Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Men's team rosters
References
rosters
2010
Skinker DeBaliviere ( ) is a neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri, located directly north of Forest Park. In addition to the park, its boundaries are Delmar Boulevard to the north, DeBaliviere Avenue to the east, and the western city limits near Skinker Boulevard. It is home to The Pageant, Pin-up Bowl, and all the other establishments of the Delmar Loop east of University City. It also includes the west end of the Forest Park – DeBaliviere and the entire Skinker MetroLink stations. The Delmar Loop station is just outside of its north boundary. In 1978, the neighborhood was designated a Local Historic District by the City of St. Louis, and the private subdivision of Parkview is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The neighborhood was founded in 1908, part of a period of major development and rapid growth in the area following the 1904 World's Fair and Olympic Games. In 1914, Hamilton Elementary School was founded, and the 1910s also saw the building of three new churches that today are still present in the neighborhood: Grace Methodist, New Cote Brilliante Baptist, and St. Roch Catholic, which also opened up its own school. The neighborhood became racially integrated in 1964, and unlike many other St. Louis area neighborhoods, it has remained racially and socio-economically diverse. The Skinker-DeBaliviere Community Council, established in 1966 by the three area churches, Washington University in St. Louis, and two neighborhood groups, has been one of the main factors in ensuring the neighborhood's stability, as has the volunteer-run, the investment in property in the neighborhood by Washington University, and the expansion of the Delmar Loop into the city. In October 2008, the neighborhood celebrated its centennial anniversary; the mayor of St. Louis, Francis G. Slay, declared October 11 to be the official celebrated Skinker-DeBaliviere Centennial Day in the city of St. Louis from that day forward.
Notable residents
Harland Bartholomew, the first full-time urban planner employed by an American city
Bernard Dickmann, 34th mayor of St. Louis
Michael Harrington, author of The Other America, political activist, political theorist, professor of political science, radio commentator and founding member of the Democratic Socialists of America
Vincent Schoemehl, 42nd mayor of St. Louis
Demographics
In 2020 Skinker-Debaliviere's population was 48.6% White, 29.4% Black, 0.4% Native American, 13.2% Asian, 6.7% Two or More Races, and 1.6% Some Other Race. 4.2% of the population was of Hispanic or Latino origin.
See also
Delmar Loop
Notes
External links
Neighborhood Website
The Pageant
Neighborhoods in St. Louis
The 1996–97 SM-liiga season was the 22nd season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and Jokerit Helsinki won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Jokerit - Tappara 3:0 (3:1, 6:5 P, 4:0)
TPS - Ässät 3:1 (1:3, 7:4, 6:3, 4:2)
HPK - Kiekko-Espoo 3:1 (3:0, 4:3, 2:3, 4:3)
Ilves - JYP 3:1 (4:2, 1:6, 4:1, 5:2)
Semifinal
Jokerit - Ilves 3:0 (7:3, 2:1, 4:2)
TPS - HPK 3:2 (1:4, 3:5, 5:4, 2:1 P, 6:2)
3rd place
HPK - Ilves 5:1
Final
Jokerit - TPS 3:0 (3:2 P, 4:2, 4:0)
Relegation
First round
KalPa - Haukat 3–0 on series
Kärpät - Karhut 3–0 on series
Final
KalPa - Kärpät 3–0 on series
External links
SM-liiga official website
1996–97 in Finnish ice hockey
Finnish
Liiga seasons
Tim Dean is a British academic, author, notable in the field of contemporary queer theory, and author of several works on the subject: Gary Snyder and the American Unconscious (1991), Beyond Sexuality (2000), and Unlimited Intimacy: Reflections on the Subculture of Barebacking (2009), all published by the University of Chicago Press, and a co-editor of Homosexuality and Psychoanalysis (2001).
Dean first became a British civil servant before attending the University of East Anglia, during which time he participated in a Junior Year Abroad program at Brandeis University, and wrote his undergraduate dissertation on Gary Snyder before graduating from BA with First Class Honours in American Studies. He subsequently earned his PhD at Johns Hopkins University (doctoral dissertation on Hart Crane). He was a Fellow at the Stanford Humanities Center (1997-1998). He teaches at the University of Illinois (Urbana-Champaign).
References
Living people
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Brandeis University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
British philosophers
Queer theorists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Church of The Holy Trinity and St Luke is a Greek Orthodox church in the north of Birmingham, England, dedicated to The Holy Trinity and St Luke. In Greek: "Ελληνορθόδοξη Εκκλησία Της Αγίας Τριάδος και Αποστόλου Λουκά". The church celebrates the Feast Day of St. Luke on 18 October.
History
The Church of the Holy Trinity and St Luke the Evangelist was founded in 1983. Until December 1994 services were held at an Anglican church in Sutton Coldfield (near Birmingham). In 1992 it was decided to relocate the Church to the West Midlands Cypriot Community Centre in Erdington, Birmingham.
This was done with the help of the Church Council and the priest at the time, Fr Nikolaos Skapoulis, and the support and blessing of Archbishop Gregorios of Thyateira and Great Britain. On 22 October 1995 Gregorios consecrated the new Church. Since then the Divine Liturgy was celebrated there on Sundays and main feast days. the priest of the church was Fr Christos Stephanou.
In 2007 a renovation programme started in 2007 in which the roof was restored, a new ceiling installed, and frescoes painted on the walls depicting various biblical scenes in a Byzantine style.
Youth conference
The Church held an Orthodox Youth Conference on 26 January 2008, with a divine liturgy followed by talks by several speakers, ending with a Vespers service.
See also
Birmingham Orthodox Cathedral (Archdiocese of Thyateira and Great Britain)
External links
Official Website
Video Easter in the church.
Photos Baptism in the church.
VT Virtual Tour of the church.
Orthodox
Holy Trinity and St Luke
Elisabeth Williams-Omilami (born February 18, 1951) is an American human rights activist and an actress.
Life and career
Born in Atlanta, Williams-Omilami is the daughter of activist Hosea Williams and Georgia State Representative Juanita T. Williams. Williams-Omilami young life was spent with the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. After graduating from college, she created the People's Survival Theatre, producing a season of five shows per year. People's Survival Theatre continued to produce shows long after Williams-Omilami's journey to New York City when her husband Afemo Omilami received a scholarship to New York University. In New York, Williams-Omilami worked as an arts administrator and executive assistant. Williams-Omilami directed and acted as much as she could, supporting her family as her husband's career grew. In 1985, Williams-Omilami left New York to return to Atlanta. While in Atlanta Williams-Omilami continued to perform on stage and in film and television. Williams-Omilami graduated from Hampton University with a BA in Theatre.
Activism
Williams-Omilami's parents brought her along on Civil Rights marches and movements across the South since she was young. During the height of the Civil Rights Movement, Williams-Omilami attended boarding school to Wasatch Academy in Utah where she was the only African-American student. Williams-Omilami had worked for over 15 years in the background of her father's Hosea Feed The Hungry and Homeless efforts, and upon his passing in November 2000 became the organization's CEO, expanding the organization from a budget of $200,000 to over $1.5 million. Williams-Omilami worked to provide programs that would meet the basic needs of the working poor and homeless along a continuum of care leading to self-sufficiency. Williams-Omilami expanded these programs from four months to year-round services and established medical clinics, clothing distribution, barber and beautician services, children's educational programs, and home delivery of over 22,000 dinners per year. Williams-Omilami has spoken and toured worldwide for several international relief efforts in places like the Philippines, where she has founded and operates a school for the underprivileged children of Mindanou, and Haiti and Uganda, where she sponsors several orphanages.
Williams-Omilami has been acknowledged many times for her humanitarian service. Honorary membership induction into Zeta Phi Beta sorority, A Georgia State Senate Resolution in recognition of her community service, Atlanta Business League 100 Women of Influence, For Sisters Only, Women In Film Humanitarian Award, Secretary of State of Georgia Outstanding Citizen, State of Georgia Goodwill Ambassador, YWCA Women of Achievement Academy, Burger King Urban Everyday Heroes, Kraft Community Service; Southern Christian Leadership Conference Women Drum Major for Justice, T. D. Jakes Phenomenal Woman, Daughters of Isis Community Service Award, the Emory University M.L.K. Community Service Award and The National Conference of Black Mayors Fannie Lou Hamer Unsung Heroine Award.
Theatre and film
Williams-Omilami founded of one of Atlanta's earliest theatre companies People's Survival Theater, as well as the "Summer Artscamp", providing arts programming for economically challenged youth for over 7 years. Williams-Omilami is a playwright has written several plays, one of which is There Is A River In My Soul. She is a past member of both the Georgia Council For The Arts and the Fulton County Arts Council and is a passionate advocate for the arts to be instituted as permanent part of society. She is an actress and has performed at the Alliance Theatre in A Christmas Carol and in early 2002 in Left Hand Singing at the Jewish Theatre of The South. She can also be seen in the HBO made-for-television movie Boycott, In the Heat of the Night and the award-winning I'll Fly Away.
References
External links
Atlanta Women's Network. (2006). About Elisabeth Omilami. Retrieved 2007-06-12 from https://web.archive.org/web/20060622074632/http://www.atlantawomensnetwork.org/Speakers/06JulyElisabethOmilami.html
Official Website of Hosea Feed The Hungry and Homeless
1951 births
African-American actresses
Activists for African-American civil rights
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
American film actresses
American humanitarians
Women humanitarians
American stage actresses
American television actresses
Living people
Actresses from Atlanta
American women activists
21st-century American actresses
20th-century American actresses
Women civil rights activists
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American writers
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
Piigandi may refer to several places in Estonia:
Piigandi, Põlva County, village in Estonia
Piigandi, Tartu County, village in Estonia
Radical 62 or radical halberd () meaning "halberd" or "spear" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 116 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 70th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6208
062
070
Brigid Lowry (born 25 March 1953) is a New Zealand author.
Background
Lowry was born in 1953 in Auckland, New Zealand. She has a diploma of teaching from Auckland Teachers College (1973), BA in English from Curtin University, a postgraduate diploma of English literature, and an MA in creative writing from the University of Western Australia. Lowry has lived for some time in Australia, returning to live in Nelson, New Zealand from 2000 to 2010. She currently resides in Perth, Western Australia.
Career
Lowry is primarily a children's and young adult author, she has also published poetry and short stories. She became a professional writer in 1985 and also teaches creative writing.
Published works
Fizz, Max & Me (1993, Pan Australia)
Guitar Highway Rose (1996, Allen and Unwin, reissued in 2004)
Follow the Blue (2001, Allen and Unwin)
Spacecamp (2002, Allen and Unwin), co-authored with son, Sam Field
With Lots of Love from Georgia (2005, Allen and Unwin)
Tomorrow All Will Be Beautiful (2007, Allen & Unwin)
Juicy Writing: Inspiration and Techniques for Young Writers (2008, Allen & Unwin), non-fiction
Triple Ripple (2011, Allen and Unwin)
Still Life with Teapot: On Zen, Memoir and Creativity (2016, Fremantle Press), memoir
Lowry has been published in Western Word, Far & Wide, Southern Review, Imago, Western Word Magazine, Mind Moon Circle, Fremantle Arts Review, Speculum Magazine, Naked Eye, Westerly Magazine and Australian Book Review.
Awards
Guitar Highway Rose won the 1999 Avis Page Award in the West Australian Young Readers' Book Awards and was shortlisted for the 1998 Children's Book Council of Australia Readers Book of the Year (Older Readers). It was also shortlisted in the 2006 LIANZA Esther Glen Junior Fiction Award.
In 2006 With Lots of Love from Georgia won the Young Adult Fiction category at the New Zealand Book Awards for Children and Young Adults, and was included in the 2006 Storylines Notable Young Adult Fiction Book list.
Tomorrow All Will Be Beautiful won the 2008 Victorian Premier's Prize for Young Adult Fiction and was a finalist in the Young Adult Fiction category at the New Zealand Book Awards for Children and Young Adults.
Juicy Writing: Inspiration and Techniques for Young Writers was included in the 2009 Storylines Notable Non-Fiction Book list and was shortlisted in the non-fiction category in the 2009 New Zealand Post Children's Book Awards.
Lowry received the 2008 Grimshaw Sargeson Fellowship with Paula Morris. In 2004 she was the University of Otago College of Education Creative New Zealand Children's Writer in Residence. In February 2017, Lowry was the visiting writer at the Michael King Writers' Centre.
References
Living people
1953 births
People from Auckland
University of Western Australia alumni
Curtin University alumni
New Zealand fiction writers
New Zealand women novelists
New Zealand women short story writers
New Zealand women poets
New Zealand women children's writers
People from Nelson, New Zealand
Pedro Manuel Venturo Zapata (born February 18, 1896, Lima, Peru; died December 12, 1952) was an entrepreneur, engineer, agronomist, paso horse breeder, vintner and Minister of Agriculture. He was the CEO of Hacienda Higuereta y Anexos - Negociacion Vinicola Pedro Venturo S.A. from 1925 to 1952.
Biography
Venturo was born the son of an Italian immigrant Pedro Celso Venturo Toledo (1821-1925) and his wife Elia Zapata.
He completed his primary and secondary studies at the College of La Recoleta in Lima. In 1912, he enrolled at the National Agrarian University in Peru and studied agriculture and veterinary medicine, finishing his studies in 1917.
After graduation he was immediately appointed assistant at the National Institute of Microbiology where he worked on his dissertation on "cattle tuberculosis in Peru".
At 21 he was elected to the City Council of the Barranco district in the popular election of 1918.
He became president of the Peruvian Association of Agricultural Engineers and was a member of the Departmental Census Board, a member of The Miraflores City Council and a chairman of the board of the Cattlemen's Association Peru on two occasions.
He belonged to the Technical Body of Appraisals, the Higher Council at the Ministry of Agriculture, the National Board of Food of Peru. He was Vice President of The Rotary Club of Lima and was linked to various agricultural societies, Livestock and Industrial.
The Hacienda Higuereta
In 1925 Venturo acquired "The Hacienda Higuereta" from his father who had died that same year. He led the Hacienda to increased levels of productivity of Pisco, Brandy, Cognac, Champagne, red and white wine (Albilla Superior, Oporto, Moscato Dulce), Vermouth and other products such as balsamic vinegar, grape juice and Martini.
He also raised livestock, with over 300 holsteins, 2 bulls, chickens, turkeys and pigs, They produced eggs, milk and meat for the community. Venturo was also one of the largest breeders of the Peruvian Paso Horse.
Venturo was an honorary member of various labor organizations and he improved living conditions of his employees, building houses for his workers and funding the construction of sports fields and a cinema.
The Hacienda was in some ways a small town with homes for the employees, comprising a school, a park, a wood shed, a machine shop, a pool, soccer fields, a chapel, a bodega, and public restrooms in addition to the work spaces.
Venturo was a member of the Wine Committee of the National Agrarian Society and organizer of the Advisory Mission, in 1930, to study the law of alcoholic beverages and promotion of national viticulture. He organized the first Harvest Festival in Peru called "La Vendimia", chairing the Organizing Committee in 1937 in Santiago de Surco. La Vendimia Wine Festival continues today.
After Venturo's death in 1952 the company and hacienda were split and sold to different investors. In 1967 General Juan Velasco Alvarado took power in a coup d'état against President Fernando Belaúnde Terry. As part of Velasco's agrarian reforms, small, non-producing haciendas including The Hacienda Higuereta were demolished.
Innovation and final years
Venturo traveled throughout the national territory, covering the various areas of coast, highlands and mountains. He chaired the Fourth Agronomic Convention which took place in Tingo María in 1945. He became Minister of Agriculture during the government rule of president José Bustamante y Rivero from 1947 to 1948.
He made several trips abroad, visiting the United States, Canada, Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia and Uruguay, while working selectively on viticulture, adapting valuable wine varieties for cultivation in Peru. He chronicled the progress of Agriculture and Livestock items in Peru and gave lectures on important topics related to agricultural activity.
He dealt with the problem of drinking water in Lima and utilization of urban waste and sewage, creating the way to transform them into useful fertilizers. often designing new processes for the city.
He spent his last years conducting agricultural experiments including investigations into the possibility of cultivating the beach sands. Based on these investigations, Venturo was invited to present at The Sixth International Congress of Rangeland organized by the United States in August 1952.
He died on December 12, 1952 in the district of San Isidro, because of hepatic coma. He was buried in El Ángel Cemetery in Lima.
Legacy
In 1965 the School that was part of the property Hacienda Higuereta in Surco (still stands there today) changed its name to "Colegio Pedro Venturo".
In 1975 a street was named after Pedro Venturo Zapata to honor the man and what he accomplished in his Hacienda Higuereta in Lima, Peru.
References
http://blog.pucp.edu.pe/blog/juanluisorrego/2008/06/10/la-hacienda-higuereta/
http://blog.pucp.edu.pe/blog/juanluisorrego/2010/02/10/foto-de-la-hacienda-higuereta/
http://limalaunica.blogspot.com/2010/04/la-hacienda-higuereta.html
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hacienda_higuereta.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCtoD_ubPbU
Peruvian agronomists
The 2004 DFB-Ligapokal Final decided the winner of the 2004 DFB-Ligapokal, the 8th edition of the reiterated DFB-Ligapokal, a knockout football cup competition.
The match was played on 2 August 2004 at the Bruchwegstadion in Mainz. Bayern Munich won the match 3–2 against Werder Bremen for their 5th title.
Teams
Route to the final
The DFB-Ligapokal is a six team single-elimination knockout cup competition. There are a total of two rounds leading up to the final. Four teams enter the preliminary round, with the two winners advancing to the semi-finals, where they will be joined by two additional clubs who were given a bye. For all matches, the winner after 90 minutes advances. If still tied, extra time, and if necessary penalties are used to determine the winner.
Match
Details
References
2004
FC Bayern Munich matches
SV Werder Bremen matches
2004–05 in German football cups
Yeoveney Halt was a railway platform of a minimalist nature on the Staines & West Drayton Railway (which became part of the Great Western Railway in 1900). It was opened in June 1887 as Runnymede Range Halt on a restricted basis (as a private facility for a nearby rifle range), gaining a regular public service from 1 March 1892. It was renamed Runymede Halt on 9 July 1934, and again renamed Yeoveney Halt on 4 November 1935, to deter tourists who came seeking the place where Magna Carta was signed (which was some distance away by road). It closed on 14 May 1962, before the 1965 closure of the branch.
It comprised a short timber platform on the west side of the single track with no shelter. Bradshaw stated that passengers wishing to join the train had to give the driver the necessary (but unspecified) hand signal. Those wishing to alight were to inform the guard at the previous station.
Contrary to the general belief that the site of the station lies beneath the M25 motorway it can be identified by the remaining scattered concrete platform support pillars in the location shown on old Ordnance Survey maps.
Pictures of the station are to be found in
GWR Country Stations 2: C.Leigh 1984 Ian Allan
London's Local Railways: A.A.Jackson 2nd Ed 1999 Capital Transport Publishing
Branch Lines of West London: V. Mitchell & K. Smith 2000 Middleton Press
References
External links
Yeoveney Halt on navigable O.S. map
Disused railway stations in Surrey
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1887
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1962
Borough of Spelthorne
Feliksów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The 1997 Michigan State Spartans football team competed on behalf of Michigan State University as a member of the Big Ten Conference during the 1997 Big Ten Conference football season. Led by third-year head coach Nick Saban, the Spartans compiled an overall record of 7–5 with a mark of 4–4 in conference play, tying for sixth place in the Big Ten. Michigan State was invited to the Aloha Bowl, where they lost, 51–23, on December 25 to Washington. The team played home games at Spartan Stadium in East Lansing, Michigan.
Schedule
Game summaries
Notre Dame
Michigan State's first win versus Notre Dame since 1986.
Coaching staff
Nick Saban, head coach
Gary Tranquill , offensive coordinator, quarterbacks coach
Bobby Williams, running backs coach
Charlie Baggett, wide receivers coach
Pat Shurmur, tight ends coach, special teams coordinator
Jim Bollman, offensive line coach
Dean Pees, defensive coordinator, inside linebackers coach
Todd Grantham, defensive line coach
Mark Dantonio, defensive backs coach
Greg Colby, defensive assistant
1998 NFL Draft
The following players were selected in the 1998 NFL Draft.
References
Michigan State
Michigan State Spartans football seasons
Michigan State Spartans football
Zaadamie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Zaadamie
In number theory, the sum of two squares theorem relates the prime decomposition of any integer to whether it can be written as a sum of two squares, such that for some integers , .
An integer greater than one can be written as a sum of two squares if and only if its prime decomposition contains no factor , where prime and k is odd.
In writing a number as a sum of two squares, it is allowed for one of the squares to be zero, or for both of them to be equal to each other, so all squares and all doubles of squares are included in the numbers that can be represented in this way. This theorem supplements Fermat's theorem on sums of two squares which says when a prime number can be written as a sum of two squares, in that it also covers the case for composite numbers.
A number may have multiple representations as a sum of two squares, counted by the sum of squares function; for instance, every Pythagorean triple gives a second representation for beyond the trivial representation .
Examples
The prime decomposition of the number 2450 is given by 2450 = 257. Of the primes occurring in this decomposition, 2, 5, and 7, only 7 is congruent to 3 modulo 4. Its exponent in the decomposition, 2, is even. Therefore, the theorem states that it is expressible as the sum of two squares. Indeed, .
The prime decomposition of the number 3430 is 257. This time, the exponent of 7 in the decomposition is 3, an odd number. So 3430 cannot be written as the sum of two squares.
Representable numbers
The numbers that can be represented as the sums of two squares form the integer sequences
0, 1, 2, 4, 5, 8, 9, 10, 13, 16, 17, 18, 20, 25, 26, 29, 32, ...
They form the set of all norms of Gaussian integers; their square roots form the set of all lengths of line segments between pairs of points in the two-dimensional integer lattice.
The number of representable numbers in the range from 0 to any number is proportional to , with a limiting constant of proportionality given by the Landau–Ramanujan constant, approximately 0.764.
The product of any two representable numbers is another representable number. Its representation can be derived from representations of its two factors, using the Brahmagupta–Fibonacci identity.
See also
Legendre's three-square theorem
Lagrange's four-square theorem
Sum of squares function
References
Additive number theory
Squares in number theory
Theorems in number theory
The 2022–23 Ardal SE season (also known as the 2022–23 Floodlighting and Electrical Services Ardal SE season for sponsorship reasons) is the second season of the new third-tier southern region football in Welsh football pyramid, part of the Ardal Leagues.
Teams
The league was made up of 16 teams competing for one automatic promotion place to Cymru South, whilst the second-placed team qualified for a play-off with the second-placed team of Ardal SW. Three teams are relegated to Tier 4.
Team changes
To Ardal SE
Promoted from Gwent County League Premier Division
Lliswerry
Blaenavon Blues
RTB Ebbw Vale
Promoted from Mid Wales Football League East Division
Brecon Corinthians
Relegated from Cymru South
Risca United
Undy Athletic
From Ardal SE
Promoted to Cymru South
Abergavenny Town
Relegated
Panteg
Abertillery Excelsiors
Aberbargoed Buds
Transferred to Ardal NE
Llandrindod Wells
Rhayader Town
Stadia and locations
Source: Ardal SE Ground Information
(Risca United and Trethomas Bluebirds groundshare, as do Lliswerry and Newport City)
League table
Results
League champions, runners-up and play-off finalists
Fair Play winner
The winner for each respective division's FAW Fair Play Table was to be given £1,000 prize money and the FAW Fair Play Trophy.
References
External links
Football Association of Wales
Ardal Southern Leagues
Ardal Southern Twitter Page
Tier 3 Rules & Regulations
3
Ardal Leagues
Wales
Hanley is a civil parish in the district of Malvern Hills in the county of Worcestershire, England.
Hanley William and Hanley Child are places within the parish.
References
External links
Civil parishes in Worcestershire
McAllister House in Seiling, Oklahoma is a Bungalow/Craftsman-style house was built in 1920; it was built for Pat and Belva McAllister. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
It was deemed notable architecturally as a Bungalow/Craftsman work, and as the only textured stucco-faced house surviving in Seiling.
The house has 14 rooms, seven gables and a total of 52 windows, counting 12 windows on its sunporch in the back. It was built at cost of $10,000 and has been regarded as the second finest home in Seiling.
The McAllisters were a prominent family in Seiling; James McAllister was the first mayor of Seiling.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Houses completed in 1920
Houses in Dewey County, Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Dewey County, Oklahoma
The New Brunswick Training School was a youth detention centre in Kingsclear, New Brunswick, Canada, about west of Fredericton.
Opened in the 1940s, it was the provincial male youth detention centre. It closed in 1998 following an inquiry into abuse there.
It was a wing of the Kingsclear Reformatory, a minimum security facility located nearby, which closed in 2000.
Karl Toft was one of the guards at Kingsclear and was convicted of committing 34 sex crimes against inmates between the mid 1960s and the mid 1980s. He has admitted to raping over 200 boys in a 35—year period. Other guards have been alleged to have also raped boys at Kingsclear.
References
External links
1940s establishments in New Brunswick
1990s disestablishments in New Brunswick
Buildings and structures in York County, New Brunswick
Child sexual abuse in Canada
Defunct prisons in Canada
New Brunswick political scandals
Prisons in New Brunswick
Youth detention centres in Canada
Violence against men in North America
"Wa'ney Island Cockfight" or "The Bonny Grey" is an English folk song, Roud 211. Variants of the song exist across northern England from Cumbria to Shropshire.
Lyrics
As with many folk songs the lyrics differ between sources with well known local people and places being referenced in different regional versions. However, the central theme of a cockfight in which the "Bonny Grey" is an unexpected winner remains.
Presented below are a small sample of the lyrics sung by Martin Wyndham-Reed on English Sporting Ballads, Broadside BRO128 in which the cockfight takes place on Walney Island.
Come all ye cockers far and near
I'll tell of a cock-fight, when and where:
At Tummerel Hill I've heard them say,
The Northscale lads had a bonny grey.
Two dozen lads from Biggar came
To Tummerel Hill to see the game.
They brought along with them that day
A black to match with the bonny grey.
A sample of another set of lyrics from the Ballads & Songs of Lancashire, which places the cockfight in Liverpool, is presented below for comparison.
Come all you cock-merchants far and near,
Did you hear of a cock-fight happening here?
Those Liverpool lads, I've heard them say,
'Tween the Charcoal Black and the Bonny Gray.
Recordings
References
English folk songs
Cockfighting
Ian William West (born 3 August 1951) is an Australian politician and former Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Council, serving from 2000 until his retirement in 2011.
Ian West was born on 3 August 1951 to parents Bill and Rita, one of three siblings. Raised in the Western Suburbs of Sydney, he attended Bass High School. Ian West attended University of Technology Sydney to study law. He obtained a distinction in Advanced Industrial Law, but ultimately did not complete his degree.
He joined the Chester Hill branch of the Labor Party in 1968. He became an organizer for the NSW Federated Miscellaneous Workers' Union in 1976. He was elected NSW Assistant Secretary of the Liquor Hospitality and Miscellaneous Workers' Union in 1981 and held that role until 2000. In 1991 he became a member of the New South Wales Administrative Committee, and remained a member until 2001.
Ian West was touted for nomination to the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1998 when he faced a party pre-selection battle for the vacancy caused by the departure of Ann Symonds. Ian West was not successful at that pre-selection.
Ian West did later enter the New South Wales Parliament following his nomination to the casual vacancy in the Legislative Council caused by the resignation of Andy Manson. West was sworn into Parliament in a joint sitting on 1 November 2000.
He first faced election in the 2003 New South Wales general election, where he was pre-selected as number fourth on the Labor Party ticket. He was elected with the eighth highest quota.
In Parliament Ian West was the Chair of the Standing Committee on Social Issues and is also a general member of the Stay Safe Committee and General Purpose Standing Committee 3.
He was Deputy Government Whip from 28 March 2003 to 2 March 2007. He was a member of the Joint Standing Committee on Road Safety between 5 May 2003 and 2 March 2007, and also the Standing Committee on Social Issues from 21 May 2003 to 2 March 2007.
He was the Legislative Council Representative on the Macquarie University Council from 7 May 2003 to 31 December 2005.
References
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Living people
1951 births
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
21st-century Australian politicians
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1647.
Events
Summer – Thomas Hobbes gives up his work as mathematics tutor to the future Charles II of England because of a serious illness.
October 6 – London authorities raid the Salisbury Court Theatre, breaking up an illicit performance of Beaumont and Fletcher's A King and No King.
unknown date – Plagiarist Robert Baron publishes his Deorum Dona, a masque, and Gripus and Hegio, a pastoral, which draws heavily on the poems of Edmund Waller and John Webster's The Duchess of Malfi. The masque claims to have been performed before "Flaminius and Clorinda, King and Queen of Cyprus, at their regal palace in Nicosia," a fantasy with no relation to the actual history of Cyprus.
New books
Prose
René Descartes – Les Principes de la philosophie (French version of original Latin)
Antonio Enríquez Gómez – El siglo pitagórico. La vida de don Gregorio Guadaña
Baltasar Gracián – Oráculo manual y arte de prudencia
Johannes Hevelius – Selenographia
John Lilburne – Rash Oaths
John Lilly – Christian Astrology
Thomas May – The History of the Parliament of England
Adam Olearius – Beschreibung der muscowitischen und persischen Reise (Description of [his] Muscovite and Persian Journey)
María de Zayas y Sotomayor – Desengaños amorosos. Parte segunda del sarao y entretenimiento honesto
Drama
"Beaumont and Fletcher" – Comedies and Tragedies... (first folio collection of the plays of John Fletcher and his various collaborators)
Antony Brewer – The Country Girl
Marchamont Nedham (Mercurius Pragmaticus) – The Levellers Levelled, or the Independents' Conspiracy to Root Out Monarchy
Jean Rotrou
Don Bertrand de Cabrère
Venceslas
Samuel Sheppard – The Committee-Man Curried
Johann Rist – Das friedewünschende Teutschland (Peace-loving Germany)
Lope de Vega – Parte XXV de comedias
Poetry
Abraham Cowley – The Mistress
Henry More – Philosophical Poems
Johan van Heemskerk – Batavische Arcadia
Births
April 1 – John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester, English poet (died 1680)
August 12 – Johann Heinrich Acker, German religious historian writing in Latin (died 1719)
November 18 – Pierre Bayle French encyclopedist (died 1706)
Unknown dates
Henry Aldrich, English theologian and philosopher (died 1710)
Petter Dass, Norwegian poet (died 1707)
Glückel of Hameln, German diarist (died 1727)
Deaths
January 29 – Francis Meres, English miscellanist and cleric (born 1565)
April – Ephraim Pagit, English writer on comparative religion (born c. 1575)
May 21 – Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft, Dutch historian, poet and dramatist (born 1581)
June 12 – Thomas Farnaby, English classicist and cleric (born c. 1575)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Redford is a locality split between the Maranoa Region and the Shire of Murweh, both in Queensland, Australia. In the , Redford had a population of 7 people.
Road infrastructure
The Warrego Highway passes to the south and the Landsborough Highway to the west.
Education
There are no schools in Redford. The nearest primary schools are in Mungallala, Morven and Augathella. The nearest secondary schools in Injune (to Year 10 only), Mitchell (to Year 10 only), and Charleville (to Year 12).
References
Shire of Murweh
Localities in Queensland
Raphael Riva or Raphael Ripa (died 1611) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Chioggia (1610–1611) and Bishop of Korčula (1605–1610).
Biography
Raphael Riva was ordained a priest in the Order of Preachers. On 12 September 1605, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul V as Bishop of Korčula.
On 24 November 1610, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul V as Bishop of Chioggia.
He served as Bishop of Chioggia until his death in 1611.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul V
1611 deaths
Dominican bishops
Liu Cheng-hung (; born 12 November 1947) is a Taiwanese politician. He was the Magistrate of Miaoli County from 20 December 2005 until 25 December 2014.
Controversies
Shoe throwing incident
On 18 September 2013, a shoe was thrown at him by student Chen Wei-ting (陳為廷) when Liu attempted to offer his condolences during the memorial service to the family of a man named Chang Sen-wen (張森文), who was found dead in a water channel under a bridge at Dapu, Zhunan. Supporters and relatives of Chang held Liu responsible for Chang's death because Chang's pharmacy was one of several structures destroyed by the county government on 17 July 2013 to make way for the construction of a new campus at the Hsinchu Science Park. On 25 June 2015, the Taichung branch of Taiwan High Court ruled Chen guilty in the shoe-throwing incident but exempted him from any punishment.
Impeachment
The Control Yuan impeached Liu in August 2016 after an investigation found that Miaoli County accrued a debt of NT$67.6 billion under his leadership.
References
Magistrates of Miaoli County
Living people
1947 births
Kiszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Kiszki
Otto Georg Bogislaf von Glasenapp (30 September 1853 in Schivelbein – 3 March 1928 in Berlin) was vice-president of the Reichsbank.
Distinctions
Roter Adlerorden III. Klasse mit Schlaufe,
Russischer Sankt Stanislaus Orden II. Klasse mit Stern,
Ehrenbürger der Stadt Schivelbein
References
External links
https://portal.d-nb.de/opac.htm?query=Woe%3D116653124&method=simpleSearch
1853 births
1928 deaths
German bankers
People from Świdwin
People from the Province of Pomerania
Hunts Point station is a planned passenger rail station on the New Haven Line of the Metro-North Railroad New Haven Line, to be located in Hunts Point, Bronx. The station is planned to open in 2027 as part of the Penn Station Access project, which will add four stations in The Bronx. The station will be located north of Hunts Point Avenue, behind the former New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad station, which was designed by Cass Gilbert.
A 63-month design-build contract for the project was issued in December 2021.
References
Cass Gilbert buildings
Hunts Point, Bronx
Metro-North Railroad stations in New York City
Railway stations in the Bronx
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2027
Stations along New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad lines
Stations on the Northeast Corridor
The 2020 Sri Lankan blackouts were a series of electrical blackouts that occurred on 17 August 2020, beginning around 12.30 pm SLST (UTC+5:30) and lasting over seven hours. The nationwide blackouts occurred due to a transmission technical failure at the Kerawalapitiya Grid-Sub station. The Ceylon Electricity Board announced that the cause of the blackout had not yet been determined, describing it as an unspecified failure. The Ministry of Power stated that a special committee had been appointed to investigate the root cause behind the blackout.
Development
The outage caused disruption in day-to-day activities of the public, including causing traffic congestion in Colombo due to malfunctioning of traffic signals and malfunctioning water supply services. Power was restored to the south of the island relatively early, due to it being powered by the Samanala Dam.
Initially, a spokesperson of the Ministry of Power claimed that the outage occurred due to a failure in the Yugadanavi Power Plant. The Minister of Power Dullas Alahapperuma later stated that the outage would be resolved within a space of two hours but the restoration process was delayed for hours due to cascading failures. The power was restored in most parts of the country including Colombo at around 8.30 pm and was regarded as the worst nationwide blackout faced by the country since 2016. The blackout further aggravated the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country. The blackout did not disrupt Bandaranaike International Airport, the main airport of the country, which was closed for months due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Hospitals, offices and other infrastructure had backup power generators.
Background
Sri Lanka's electricity demand is currently met by thermal power stations (54.59%), major hydroelectric power stations (33.50%), and wind farms (2.12%), small hydro facilities (8.01%) and other renewables such as solar (1.78%). Sri Lanka as a whole faced major nationwide blackout during March 2016 which lasted for over eight hours. Localised regional power cuts are common in Sri Lanka despite the rare occurrence of nationwide blackouts.
See also
2019 Sri Lanka electricity crisis
References
Blackouts
August 2020 events in Asia
2020 blackouts
Power outages
Ann Inc. is an American group of specialty apparel retail chain stores for women. The company headquartered in New York City and currently operates as a subsidiary of Ascena Retail Group. The stores offer classic-styled suits, separates, dresses, shoes and accessories. The brand is marketed under five divisions: Ann Taylor, Loft, Lou & Grey, Ann Taylor Factory, and Loft Outlet.
History
Richard Liebeskind, the founder of Ann Taylor, opened his first Ann Taylor store in New Haven, Connecticut, in 1954. "Ann Taylor" was the name of a best-selling dress at Liebeskind's father's store. Both the best-selling dress and the name Ann Taylor were given by the father to his son, Richard Liebeskind, for good luck. Liebeskind decided to go with the name Ann Taylor because Ann was considered a very New England name, and Taylor evoked the image of tailored clothing. The name supposedly created the ideal identity of classic women's apparel.
In May 1991, the company completed an initial public offering resulting in aggregate net proceeds of approximately $166.5 million.
In March 2011, the company changed its name to Ann Inc., from Ann Taylor Stores Corporation. As of October 27, 2012, the total store count was 981: of 278 Ann Taylor stores, 101 Ann Taylor Factory stores, 510 Loft stores, and 92 Loft Outlet stores, as well as online at AnnTaylor.com and Loft.com.
On May 18, 2015, Ascena Retail Group announced a $2.16 billion acquisition of Ann Inc. The buyout was completed on August 21, 2015. Ann Inc. will operate as an Ascena Retail Group subsidiary going forward.
In 2017, Ann Taylor launched a subscription rental service called Infinite Style. Loft followed up in 2019 with Infinite Loft subscription, a size inclusive subscription business.
Divisions
Ann Taylor is a small US chain of clothing stores for women. Clothing is targeted for fashion forward career women. Ann Taylor was founded in 1954.
Loft, originally Ann Taylor Loft, was established in 1996 as an extension of the original Ann Taylor brand, offers more relaxed fashions for work and home, in the "moderate" priced category. The selection provided at Loft initially was a more casual replica to that of the regular Ann Taylor, however has developed into its own brand, and now is known as a casual lifestyle brand. Loft also offers maternity clothing.
Lou & Grey sells relaxed, comfortable athleisure items and active-wear inspired fashion.
Ann Taylor Factory offers merchandise inspired by Ann Taylor stores, but manufactured for Ann Taylor Factory.
Loft Outlet offers a Loft-based outlet environment, similar to the current Ann Taylor Factory stores, with unique Loft Outlet merchandise mirrored from popular and best-selling Loft products. There are currently 128 Loft Outlet stores throughout the United States.
Special collections
Ann Taylor Celebrations was launched in August 2005; it is a signature collection featuring dresses, wraps, sashes, shoes, and bags. Each piece in the collection is dyed to match. The collection can be worn for occasions from wedding parties to black tie and special events. In 2009, this line began being offered online only and was phased out in 2011.
Ann Taylor Collections was launched 2007 and consists of luxury apparel, accessories, and shoes made using Italian made fabrics and yarns. The craftsmanship is of an elevated value and the price point is higher than other pieces. It is no longer produced.
Ann Taylor Beauty consists of fragrance and bath and body products that were to be available in all Ann Taylor stores beginning late 2007 or early 2008. The Possibilities fragrance was released in November 2007. The body care line consisted of body mist, lotion, and body wash, and came in six scents. It is no longer produced.
Loft Maternity was released in Summer 2007 under the motto "Because you have a LOFT to expect." While at first the LOFT Maternity line included only mid-range sizes, it expanded to include all Loft sizes (00–18) in Fall 2007. As of Summer 2010, LOFT Maternity operates exclusively online, using the tag line, "Clothes so stylish and comfortable you'll wish you could wear them for more than nine months."
Flagship stores
Ann Taylor has two flagship locations:
Store 0362: 645 Madison Avenue in New York City
Store 0547: 600 North Michigan Avenue in Chicago, Illinois on the Magnificent Mile
The company also has a Loft flagship store:
Store 1614: 1459 Broadway at Times Square in New York City
Bankruptcy of Ascena
On July 23, 2020, Ascena, parent company of Ann Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, citing the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent shutdowns as having "severely disrupted" its financial foundation. Stores with locations to be closed include Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lane Bryant and Lou & Grey stores, including all stores across brands in Canada, Puerto Rico and Mexico, as well as all Catherine Stores and a "significant number" of Justice stores.
Emergence from bankruptcy
On Dec. 23, 2020, Ascena announced that it had completed the sale of the Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lou & Grey, and Lane Bryant brands to Premium Apparel LLC, an affiliate of private equity firm Sycamore Partners. Premium Apparel stated that it had committed to retaining a substantial portion of the retail stores, associates, and corporate operations affiliated with these brands.
See also
Retail apocalypse
List of retailers affected by the retail apocalypse
References
External links
Official website
Ann Taylor Loft official website
Ann Taylor Celebrations official website
Ann Taylor SEC Filings
WWD.com Profile: Ann Taylor Stores
1954 establishments in Connecticut
Clothing retailers of the United States
Companies based in New York City
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Retail companies established in 1954
2015 mergers and acquisitions
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2020
Ascena Retail Group
Harichandra may refer to:
Harishchandra, short form of Harish Chandra (in Tamil)
Harichandra (1944 film), a Tamil film directed by Naga Bushwanam and starring P. U. Chinnappa and P. Kannamba
Harichandra (1968 film), a Tamil film directed by K. S. Prakash Rao and starring Sivaji Ganesan and G. Varalakshmi
Harichandra (1998 film), a Tamil film directed by Cheyyar Ravi and starring Karthik and Meena
Kaal ( , ) is a Bengali film released in 2007. The film directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay stars Chandrayee Ghosh, Rudranil Ghosh, Dola Chakraborty, Sandhya Shetty.
It was selected for screening at the Cairo International Film Festival, 2007, the São Paulo International Film Festival 2007 and the Stockholm International Film Festival 2007. Incidentally, this is the third successive year that Bandopadhyay's film is being screened at São Paulo International Film Festival. The film was already successfully screened at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema, 2007, where it was one of the Indian films competing in the festival.
Plot
KAAL is about prostitution and call-girl services of Kolkata. The girls move from a rural area into a large city after being lured and offered lucrative money by the recruiter Ratan (Rudranil Ghosh). They ultimately become call-girls for the sake of survival. Ranidi (the boss, played by Sandhya Shetty) grooms the depressed and oppressed girls and gives them a complete make over in a short time.
The movie depicts the corruption associated with their entire business. The girls reasonably and rightfully accept the fact that money is better than sunshine and sweeter than honey because of poverty. They forget their miserable past. They get caught up in making more money and buying more fun. They understand that surviving in this treacherous world is not possible through love, honesty and humanity. Hence they let themselves drain away in the world of consuming and consumption. The girls are shown traveling to the top hotels in Kolkata. The middleman Ratan is shown trying to go to Singapore. The village police inspector and the other partners in the game(Indian Border Security Force) continue to operate.
---
Director's note
"In a way, this film is a sequel to my earlier film Kantatar (Barbed Wire). The partition, at one point of time, caused human displacement in a large scale in our country. The present trend of globalization has once again unleashed a massive displacement of human beings. The backdrop is also even more complex. It was therefore impossible to maintain a linear narration. Kaal is a multilayered film dealing with human displacement."
Cast
Chandrayee Ghosh...
Rudranil Ghosh....Ratan
Dola Chakraborty ...
Sandhya Shetty...
Sankar Debnath...
Samapika Debnath...
Rupsha Guha...
Nemai Ghosh...
Iqbal Sultan....
Mishar Ray...
Partha Sarathi Deb...
Censorship
Bappaditya Bandopadhyay is in trouble with the regional Censor Board for some scenes in Kaal being ‘too graphic'. The scene is about the rape of an illegal migrant girl from Bangladesh by personnel of the Border Security Force. The director says that his film is on human trafficking and is based on NGO reports. He is now waiting for the revision committee to see his film. "The problem is that any criticism against any authority is met with iron clamps. The basic principles of democracy are being violated and the right to self-expression is either denied completely, or censored conveniently," says Bappaditya.
References
External links
www.citwf.com-Devaki
www.gomolo.in
www.telegraphindia.com
2007 films
Bengali-language Indian films
2000s Bengali-language films
2007 drama films
Films set in Kolkata
Films directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay
The Iphis monarch (Pomarea iphis), or Ua Huka flycatcher, is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae. It is endemic to French Polynesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and plantations.
Taxonomy and systematics
In 2012, a former subspecies (Pomarea iphis fluxa) was re-classified as the Eiao monarch.
Distribution and population
The Iphis monarch is endemic to the Marquesas Islands in French Polynesia and is restricted to the island of Ua Huka. In 1998 an ornithological study estimated that approximately 500 to 1,200 pairs lived on Ua Huka. This corresponds to about 2-5 pairs per hectare.
Ecology
Nesting pairs of birds were found from anywhere between 30 and 650 meters in elevation on Ua Huka. This bird prefers mid-elevation moist forest and lowland dry forest on the eastern coast of Ua Huka where it forages in dense brush for insects. The Iphis monarch hunts for insects by gleaning insects from branches. This bird also has been known to hunt at night for insects.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Iphis monarch
Birds of the Marquesas Islands
Iphis monarch
Iphis monarch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of French Polynesia
Step Out is the debut album by Busy Signal. It was released on June 27, 2006.
Track listing
"Step Out" – 2:57 download
"Where I'm From" – 2:24
"Everybody Busy" – 3:08
"That Bad" – 2:37
"I Love Yuh" (featuring Alaine) – 2:31
"Do the Maths" (featuring Bounty Killer) – 2:26
"Badman Place" (featuring Mavado) – 3:16
"Bare Tings" – 3:12
"Love Me Not?" – 3:39
"Ava Interlude" – 1:24
"Mammy" – 3:15
"Born and Grow" – 3:31
"Guns Fi Dubs Interlude" – 0:39
"Full Clip" (featuring Mavado) – 3:05
"Relationship Interlude" – 0:29
"Since U Been Away" (featuring Kris Kelly) – 2:46
"Full a Talk" – 3:00
"Not Going Down" – 6:52
"Pon Di Pole" (Bonus Track) * – 3:16
External links
Busy Signal albums
2006 debut albums
No Less Than Victory (2009) is the third novel of a trilogy by Jeff Shaara based on certain theaters of World War II. It was published on November 3, 2009.
Opening in mid-December 1944, the novel covers the Battle of the Bulge and the fall of the Third Reich, including the death of Adolf Hitler. It also covers the Allied discoveries of concentration camps in Ohrdruf, Buchenwald, and Dachau. The main characters are George S. Patton, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and two young soldiers named Eddie Benson and Kenny Mitchell. Portions of the narrative are also told from viewpoints on the Nazi side of the war, primarily Albert Speer and Gerd von Rundstedt.
External links
Interview with Jeff Shaara at the Pritzker Military Museum & Library
References
2009 American novels
Novels set during World War II
Novels by Jeffrey Shaara
Ballantine Books books
Ferruccio Lamborghini (born 9 January 1991) is an Italian motorcycle racer who has competed in the 125cc World Championship, the Moto2 World Championship, the Supersport World Championship, the FIM Superstock 1000 Cup and the European Superstock 600 Championship. He won the CIV Moto2 Championship in 2012.
He is the grandson of the founder of Automobili Lamborghini, Ferruccio Lamborghini and the brother of singer Elettra Lamborghini.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Moto2 World Championship riders
125cc World Championship riders
Italian motorcycle racers
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Sportspeople from Bologna
Supersport World Championship riders
Labette Health is a 99 bed Level III Trauma Center located in Parsons, Kansas and was founded in 1961. Labette Health is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
References
External links
Labette Health website
Hospital buildings completed in 1961
Hospitals in Kansas
Buildings and structures in Labette County, Kansas
Trauma centers
Jeffrey Phillip Carr (born 29 April 1944) is a former Australian politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1974 to 1991, representing the seat of Geraldton. He served as a minister in the governments of Brian Burke, Peter Dowding, and Carmen Lawrence.
Carr was born in Geraldton, and attended Geraldton High School. He subsequently trained as a schoolteacher, attending Claremont Teachers College and the University of Western Australia. A member of the Labor Party from 1969, Carr stood for parliament at the 1974 state election, replacing the retiring Bill Sewell as the member for Geraldton. After the 1977 election, he became a member of the shadow ministry of Colin Jamieson. He remained a shadow minister under Ron Davies and Brian Burke during their periods as Leader of the Opposition, and following Labor's victory at the 1983 election was made Minister for Local Government and Minister for Police and Emergency Services in the Burke government.
Carr was nearly defeated at the 1986 election, seeing his margin plunge from a comfortably safe 63.1 percent to an extremely marginal 50.4 percent. Carr was replaced as Minister for Police and Emergency Services by Arthur Tonkin, but remained in cabinet as Minister for Regional Development. He kept his ministerial titles following the retirement of Brian Burke in February 1988, and was also made Minister for Mines in the new Dowding ministry. Following a reshuffle in 1989, Carr lost his previous positions and was instead made Minister for Fuel and Energy and Minister for the Mid-West, the latter being an entirely new creation. He retained those when Carmen Lawrence replaced Peter Dowding as premier in February 1990, and was also made Minister for Small Business. In February 1991, Carr and two others (Pam Buchanan and Gavan Troy) were removed from the ministry by a Labor caucus vote. He announced his resignation from parliament within a few days, and the resulting by-election was won by the Liberal candidate, Bob Bloffwitch.
References
|-
|-
1944 births
Living people
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Australian schoolteachers
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Geraldton
University of Western Australia alumni
Davoud is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Davoud A., scientist and CEO
Davoud Abedinzadeh (born 1986), Iranian wrestler
Davoud Daneshdoost (born 1985), Iranian footballer
Davoud Danesh-Jafari, Minister of Economy and Finance Affairs of Iran
Davoud Fanaei (born 1976), Iranian football goalkeeper
Davoud Haghi (born 1981), Iranian football player
Davoud Hermidas-Bavand (born 1934), Iranian political scientist
Davoud Mahabadi (born 1973), Iranian football manager and former player
Davoud Noshi Sofiani (born 1990), Iranian football goalkeeper
Davoud Rashidi (born 1933), Iranian actor
Davoud Seyed Abbasi (born 1977), Iranian football player who plays in the midfield position
Davoud Soleymani, Iranian politician
Davoud Yaqoubi, Afghan footballer
de:Davoud
Hatschekiidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera:
Bassettithia Wilson, 1922
Brachihatschekia Castro-Romero & Baeza-Kuroki, 1989
Congericola Beneden, 1854
Hatschekia Poche, 1902
Laminohatschekia Boxshall, 1989
Mihbaicola Uyeno, 2013
Prohatschekia Nunes-Ruivo, 1954
Pseudocongericola Yü, 1933
Wynnowenia Boxshall, 1987
References
Copepods
Carroll County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,760. Its county seat is Carroll. The county is named in honor of Charles Carroll of Carrollton, signer of the Declaration of Independence.
History
Carroll County was formed on January 15, 1851, from sections of Pottawattamie County. It was named after Charles Carroll of Carrollton, Maryland, the only Roman Catholic and longest-living signer of the Declaration of Independence. In 1855, the county government was established in Carrollton and in 1858, the first courthouse was built. In 1869, the seat was moved to Carroll City (today Carroll) which was centrally located and connected to the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company. The courthouse was destroyed in 1886 by fire. The present courthouse was erected in 1965. However the courthouse is set to go under construction in the near future.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 30
U.S. Highway 71
Iowa Highway 141
Adjacent counties
Sac County (northwest)
Calhoun County (northeast)
Greene County (east)
Guthrie County (southeast)
Audubon County (south)
Crawford County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 20,760 in the county, with a population density of . 97.14% of the population reported being of one race. 91.28% were non-Hispanic White, 1.26% were Black, 2.86% were Hispanic, 0.15% were Native American, 0.36% were Asian, 0.00% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.08% were some other race or more than one race. There were 9,490 housing units of which 8,764 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 20,816 in the county, with a population density of . There were 9,376 housing units, of which 8,683 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 21,421 people, 8,486 households, and 5,668 families residing in the county. The population density was 38 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 9,019 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.87% White, 0.18% Black or African American, 0.10% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 0.20% from other races, and 0.31% from two or more races. 0.54% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,486 households, out of which 32.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.00% were married couples living together, 6.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.20% were non-families. 29.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.90% under the age of 18, 7.40% from 18 to 24, 25.90% from 25 to 44, 21.00% from 45 to 64, and 18.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 95.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,275, and the median income for a family was $47,040. Males had a median income of $30,074 versus $21,528 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,595. About 4.50% of families and 6.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.10% of those under age 18 and 8.20% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Arcadia
Breda
Carroll
Coon Rapids
Dedham
Glidden
Halbur
Lanesboro
Lidderdale
Manning
Ralston
Templeton
Willey
Townships
Carroll County is divided into sixteen townships:
Arcadia
Eden
Ewoldt
Glidden
Grant
Jasper
Kniest
Maple River
Newton
Pleasant Valley
Richland
Roselle
Sheridan
Union
Washington
Wheatland
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Carroll County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Iowa
References
External links
Carroll County government's website
St. Anthony Regional Hospital
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Waukenabo is an unincorporated community in Waukenabo Township, Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States; located near Palisade.
The community is located between Aitkin and Hill City at the junction of U.S. Highway 169 and 500th Lane.
Aitkin County Road 3 (Grove Street / 480th Street) is nearby.
Waukenabo is located within ZIP code 56469, based in Palisade. A post office previously operated in Waukenabo from 1902 to 1916.
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2011/2012 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Aitkin County, Minnesota
Karolinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Ruda-Huta, north-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Graham Stilwell (15 November 1945 – 31 January 2019) was a professional tennis player from the United Kingdom. He was born in Denham, Buckinghamshire, England.
Stilwell enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 3 doubles titles, 2 of which were in the Open Era.
Personal life and death
Stilwell had three children (Tiffany, Alex and Lara) in his first marriage to Robin Lockard. His second marriage to Jill Jacobs resulted in two children (Sam and Romy).
He died of a neuro-muscular disorder on 31 January 2019.
Career finals
Doubles (2 titles, 4 runner-ups)
References
External links
English male tennis players
People from Denham, Buckinghamshire
1945 births
2019 deaths
People educated at Parmiter's School, London
Tennis people from Buckinghamshire
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' doubles
Australian Championships (tennis) junior champions
British male tennis players
Wojciechów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Guo Junjun (; born 2 January 1991 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese female swimmer. At the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea, Guo'group of four people won the Champion in the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay event in time of 7:55.17 in the final, 1:58.09 by herself. she is also the silver goldlist for 4 × 200 m title at 2015 World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Chinese female freestyle swimmers
Asian Games medalists in swimming
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Swimmers at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Swimmers from Dalian
Achiroides is a genus of small freshwater soles native to Southeast Asia.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Achiroides leucorhynchos Bleeker, 1851
Achiroides melanorhynchus (Bleeker, 1850)
References
Soleidae
Freshwater fish genera
Taxa named by Pieter Bleeker
The Miraflores Women's Penitentiary Center () is a women's prison in the Miraflores district of La Paz, Bolivia. The facility is a high security prison nominally created to hold forty inmates, although it holds many more, with some incarcerated women housing children with them.
British anthropologist Alison Spedding—who was incarcerated there for some time—described conditions at the prison as spartan, overseen by staff of both sexes wearing military uniform, but that illegal drugs were less available than at other prisons.
Former Bolivian president Jeanine Áñez was held in preventive detention there from 2021 to 2022. She has claimed to have suffered torture and abuse in the prison. Following the imposition of a ten-year prison sentence, she is to serve the rest of her prison term there. Other inmates have complained about what they see as privileged treatment for Áñez, seeking equal treatment for themselves.
References
See also
San Pedro prison
Women's prisons
Prisons in Bolivia
Archips bulbosus is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 23 mm. The forewings are almost unicolourous ochreous rust, but paler postmedially, suffused and weakly strigulated (finely streaked) with rust colour in the basal half. The hindwings are orange, but brownish in the anal half.
Etymology
The name refers to shape of the antrum.
References
Moths described in 2009
Archips
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Tres Arroyos is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is the administrative seat of Tres Arroyos Partido.
The city has a sizable population of Danish and Dutch descent.
Tres Arroyos is served by Tres Arroyos Airport.
Climate
Archaeological site
Roughly 5 km from the city of Tres Arroyos lies the "Arroyo Seco" archaeological site, which is considered to be one of the oldest yet found in Argentina. Over 40 skeletons, presumably in burial positions, were found at the site, dated to estimated age of 9000 years B.P. The site includes tools, hunting implements and fossils of extinct mammals. Much of the extensive materials are on display at the José A. Mulazzi Municipal Museum, which includes reconstructions of how the people of the time lived..
Sport
The city is home to Huracán de Tres Arroyos, a football team playing in the regional leagues, but who played in the Argentine Primera as recently as 2004-05.
References
External links
Municipal website
Diario La Voz Del Pueblo
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Populated places established in 1884
Cities in Argentina
The Jewellery Design and Management International School (Abbreviation: JDMIS) is a school specializing in the jewellery industry based in Singapore.
The JDMIS is a jewellery design and management school that provides education and inspiration by means of academic programs in jewellery design, history, marketing and management as well as vocational training in the technology and production of designer jewellery.
Background
The JDMIS is a private limited company registered in Singapore in 2007 and provides jewellery industry training in Singapore. Over 14,000 students have completed professional jewellery training courses and over 3,500 participants have graduated with Certificate or Diploma qualifications.
The Dean of the JDMIS, Tanja M. Sadow is a jeweler, gemologist, and educator in Singapore and has worked with the Gemological Institute of America training US-based residence and extension courses as well as teaching the first GIA international extension course in Singapore. Her background includes the development of curricula for the Jewellery Industry Training Centre of Singapore in 1991–1994.
Joint-venture with MDIS
In 2018, JDMIS entered a join-venture with Management Development Institute of Singapore which holds a 40% stake in the School.
Accreditation
The JDMIS is registered private education institution with the Singapore Council for Private Education. It is an approved training provider and programme partner with the Singapore Workforce Development Agency. The school is a member of the Singapore Jewellers Association.
The JDMIS is a founding member of the Guild of Jewellery Professionals and Artisans, a registered not-for-profit society in Singapore whose mandate is to define and uphold standards in jewellery fabrication and education in the region.
Gallery
External links
Official site
Guild of Jewellery Professionals and Artisans website
Singapore Jewellers Association website
References
Higher education in Singapore
Jewellery making
Rochor
Educational institutions established in 1995
1995 establishments in Singapore
Sayij Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Sāyīj Maḩalleh; also known as Sā'ch Maḩalleh, Sag Maḩalleh, and Saj Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,325, in 342 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
John of Portugal ( ), occasionally surnamed Castro (1352), was the eldest surviving son of King Peter I of Portugal by his mistress Inês de Castro. He was a potential but unsuccessful contender for the Portuguese throne during the 1383–85 crisis of succession.
Background
John was the son of the Portuguese King Peter I and his lover Inês de Castro, a Galician noblewoman who had arrived in Portugal as a lady-in-waiting to Infanta Constance of Castile, recently married to Pedro I (royal heir at the time).
The status of John as Infante of Portugal is a debatable subject. Some historians consider him a natural son of Peter I, and so assert that the title 'Infante of Portugal' could not be attributed to him. Others refer to the circumstances of the death of Inês de Castro, ordered by Peter's father, King Afonso IV of Portugal: after inheriting the throne, the Prince admitted he had married Inês secretly, therefore she was a lawful Queen of Portugal and he was legitimized as Infante of Portugal.
Life
The Duke Infante lived at the Court of Ferdinand I, and was esteemed as a good knight, a dexterous rider and able hunter, valiant in shooting. He had a steady friendship with the Master of Avis, his half-brother, who was valiant and daring as he, but very different in character. Infante John was a dissembler, ambitious and bold, and would not hesitate to act or speak in pursuit of his ambition.
He fell in love with María Teles de Meneses (c. 1338, CoimbraNovember 1379, Coimbra), a redheaded beauty about fourteen years older than he, who was lady-in-waiting to the Infanta Beatrice and sister of Queen Leonor Teles. María was the widow (circa 1360) of Álvaro Dias de Sousa (1365), 2nd Lord of Mafra and Ericeira, by whom she had conceived Lopo Dias de Sousa ( – 1435, Pombal), who inherited his father's titles and later became Master of the Order of Christ. Infante John, having gone to her house to fetch her, found an altar and a priest waiting; María had made the preparations for their wedding. Thus the marriage was performed secretly in 1376, and when it became public knowledge, it provoked the wrath of Leonor Teles. Upon the death of Ferdinand I with no male heir, the people might demand the crowning of the beloved Infante John as king, which would raise his wife to the throne, with grave consequences to herself (Leonora), hated as she was by the Portuguese people.
Leonor persuaded her brother João Afonso Telo 6th Count of Barcelos and Alcaide-Mór (noble magistrate) of Lisbon, to insinuate the idea in the mind of the Infante that his marriage to her daughter, the heiress presumptive Beatrice (who was promised to John I of Castile), would find favour with the people and clear his way to the throne. With the false imputation that his present wife María had been unfaithful to him, transmitted by Leonora through John Alfonso, Infante John became so enraged that he stabbed María in Coimbra. In one single coup, Leonor Teles got disentangled of her sister and brought such opprobrium upon the name of her brother-in-law, that his hopes of succeeding to the throne were much diminished.
Having committed this crime of passion, John fled to Beira. Ferdinand I intended, or pretended he would, to punish the culprit, but he was soon forgiven and returned to his place in the royal court. When he spoke, however, of marrying his half-niece, the Infanta Beatrice, the Queen herself disillusioned him. Infante John, realizing he had been ensnared by the machinations of Leonora, retired to the Douro and then to Castile, avoiding the persecution that was encouraged by the cunning Leonor.
Henry II called Infante John to his court and gave him in marriage his illegitimate daughter Constance of Castile, in about 1378. When the Castilian army invaded Portugal, John joined its ranks and laid siege to Elvas, which held firm. Upon the death of Ferdinand I, John I of Castile had him arrested, considering him a threat as the most direct successor to the Portuguese throne. Meanwhile, his connections with Castile eventually cost him the throne, thanks to the argumentation of Master João das Regras at the Cortes of Coimbra in 1385. During the Battle of Aljubarrota he was already out of the country like his brother Denis, both of them having left Portugal for Castile, although during the 1383–85 crisis he was one of the claimants to the throne, along with Beatrice of Portugal (his half-niece), John, Master of Aviz (his half-brother) and Denís (his brother).
Shortly after the battle of Aljubarrota, John was released. He and his new wife were created lord and lady of Alba de Tormes in 1385 by the King of Castile (his brother-in-law). In the summer of 1386, he was commissioned to defend Andalusia from Portuguese attacks. Later in the year, when John of Gaunt (uncle of the English king Richard II) invaded northern Castile to try to claim the throne for himself, Infante John made a series of incursions into Portuguese territory, but failed to garner significant support for his own pretensions to the Portuguese crown. For his loyalty to Castile, in 1387 John was created duke of Valencia de Campos (renamed Valencia de Don Juan in his honor), a rank which adjoined him to the upper echelons of Castilian nobility. Castile's truces with England and Portugal from 1388 onwards seem to have eclipsed Duke John from any significant political role, and he kept a relatively low profile until his death.
John's precise date of death is unclear. He could have died in or after 1393 and before 1397, when his younger brother Denis, Lord of Cifuentes, received support from legitimists in Portugal (implying that his older brother, who would have had a better claim, was already deceased). The chronicler Fernão Lopes said that he was dead by 1397. On 19 September 1396, Henry III of Castile confirmed on John's daughters their right to succeed in their father's county of Valencia de Don Juan, suggesting that John may have been dead by then. The Portuguese genealogist Anselmo Braamcamp Freire cites a letter from John I of Portugal, dated 20 September 1400, in which he refers to his deceased namesake half-brother, but he also suggests that the date might be wrong due to statements that Duke John was active in 1402 in confirming privileges given by Henry III of Castile to Palencia Cathedral. John's estates were partitioned between his legitimate daughters on 2 November 1404 at Medina del Campo.
None of the children of Inés de Castro were buried in their native land. John's brother, Infante Denis, was buried at the Monastery of Santa María de Guadalupe, his sister Beatriz in the Cathedral of Burgos, and John at the Convent of San Esteban in Salamanca.
Titles and styles
Duke of Valencia de Campos (22 December 1387– 1396?)
Lord of Alba de Tormes (15 December 1385– 1396?)
Issue
His first marriage, in 1376, was to Maria Teles de Meneses, the widow of Alvaro Dias de Sousa. She was the daughter of Martim Afonso Telo de Meneses and his wife Aldonça Anes de Vasconcelos. From this marriage he had one son:
Ferdinand, Lord of Eça. He lived in Galicia. The name of his wife is not known but he had at least one legitimate daughter, Isabel, and a son named John who may have been legitimate or illegitimate, and another daughter named Catalina Deza. Alive in 1458, dead by 1479.
His second marriage, in about 1378, was to Constanza Enríquez de Castilla, illegitimate daughter of King Henry II of Castile. From this marriage he had 2 daughters:
Maria, Countess of Valencia de Campos (born 1381), the second wife of Martín Vásquez de Acuña, 1st Count of Valencia de Campos, with issue
Beatriz (died in November 1446), 2nd Lady of Alba de Tormes, who married Pedro Niño, 1st Count of Cigales and 1st Count of Buelna, and had female issue
On 2 November 1404, both sisters divided their father's inheritance. Maria inherited the county of Valencia de Don Juan and Beatriz the county of Alba de Tormes.
Out of wedlock he had:
Luis da Guerra, elected bishop of Guarda in 1427.
Afonso, jure uxoris Lord of Cascais and of Lourinhã (c. 1370 – 1442, Zamora), married firstly in 1388 to Branca da Cunha das Regras, 2nd Lady of Cascais and 2nd Lady of Lourinhã, and had female issue, and married secondly to Maria de Vasconcelos, ?th Lady of Soalhães (c. 1375 – 1438), and had issue, now extinct in the male line
Pedro da Guerra (born between 13681376, died ?), married c. 1410 to Teresa Anes Andeiro, daughter of Juan Fernández de Andeiro (born c. 1380), and had issue, now extinct in the male line, and had issue by Maria Anes (born c. 1380), now extinct in the male line
Fernando, 1st Lord of Bragança (c.1385after 30 December 1410), married c. 1410 to Leonor Vasques Coutinho (born c. 1380), and had one son, Duarte de Portugal, 2nd Lord of Bragança, who died in Évora in 1442 unmarried and without issue
Beatriz Afonso (born c. 1370), married to ... de Castro?, and had issue
Notes
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
Enlarged image of John in the Count of Feira's genealogical book (file number 9)
1349 births
1397 deaths
14th-century Portuguese people
House of Burgundy-Portugal
People from Coimbra
People of the 1383–1385 Portuguese interregnum
Portuguese infantes
Sons of kings
Laura K. Mackay is an Australian immunologist and microbiologist, specialising in tissue-resident memory T cells and their involvement in skin immunity. She is a Laboratory lead at the Peter Doherty Institute for Infection and Immunity. Laura is listed as an esteemed scientist in the Encyclopaedia of Australian Science and Innovation. Her research on tissue-resident memory T cells has been featured by the University of Melbourne. She has been interviewed by Science on diversity in STEM and ABC Radio National Science Show on the influence of science on public good.
Awards, honours and recognition
2016 – Tall Poppy Award from Australian Institute of Policy and Science
2018 – Michelson Prize for Human Immunology and Vaccine Research
2019 – Gottschalk Medal
2019 – Eureka Prize for Outstanding Early Career Researcher
2019 – Frank Fenner Prize for Life Scientist of the Year
Selected publications
References
Australian women biologists
Women immunologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Women microbiologists
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Australian expatriates in the United Kingdom
East Aitape Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. Arapesh and Schouten languages are spoken in this LLG.
Wards
03. Poltulul
04. Tales-Iambu
05. Tumeleo Island (Tumleo language speakers)
06. Ali Island (Kap language speakers)
07. Seleo Island (Kap language speakers)
08. Poro Settlement
09. Lupai
10. Wauningi
11. Pes
12. Prou/Vokau
13. Lemieng
14. Chinapeli
15. Kiriel-Kopom
16. Paup
17. Yakamul 1 (Kap language speakers)
18. Yakamul 2 (Kap language speakers)
19. Ulau 1 (Ulau-Suain language speakers)
20. Ulau 2 (Ulau-Suain language speakers)
21. Suain (Ulau-Suain language speakers)
22. Labuain
23. Wamsis (Abu' Arapesh language speakers)
24. Balup (Abu' Arapesh language speakers)
25. Matapau (Abu' Arapesh language speakers)
80. Aitape Urban
Islands
Islands located within the LLG are:
Angel Island, Papua New Guinea
Ali Island
Seleo Island
Tumleo Island
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Saorsat ( ; the Irish word Saor, meaning free, therefore implying an Irish analogue of the UK's Freesat) is a free-to-air satellite service in Ireland. The service launched on 3 May 2012.
Overview
The RTÉ Network Limited (RTÉNL) analogue terrestrial television (ATT) network was never capable of providing 100% population coverage in Ireland. Prior to the digital switchover, ATT population coverage amounted to 98% for RTÉ One and RTÉ Two, 95% for TG4 and 85% for TV3. Saorview DTT faces a similar difficulty.
Broadcasting the channels unencrypted from the Astra 2 satellites at 28° East was not considered an option due to its large footprint covering the UK, France and many other countries. Irish broadcasters acquire rights on the basis that programming is broadcast to Irish audiences (i.e. some 4.5 million people) and not to approx 100 million people within the Astra footprint. The Board of RTÉ approved the Saorsat approach developed by RTÉNL from early 2010 to enable the 1-2% of Irish households not covered by Saorview to access free-to-air digital television services.
RTÉ submitted a revised DTT plan including the FTA satellite option to the Department of Communications in mid June 2010 for approval. RTÉ publicly announced at an Oireachtas Joint Committee on Communications discussion in mid July 2010 that a free-to-air satellite service, called Saorsat, would be offered to complement the terrestrial DTT service.
The satellite option is a narrow-band satellite operating in the Ka band as opposed to the normal DTH Ku band (which Sky and Freesat use), with a spot beam being dedicated exclusively to Ireland which will also provide coverage throughout Northern Ireland. The spot beam with frequency reuse means reception in most of Britain and continental Europe is not possible. RTÉ states that the chosen satellite option will cost approximately €1.5 million per year.
RTÉ said the combined offering was designed to be the most cost-effective solution for viewers and broadcasters; to offer for the first time 100% coverage of free-to-air public service television services in the Republic of Ireland; and to provide full national back-up coverage on satellite in the event of an emergency or catastrophic failure of the DTT system.
Approval for the revised National DTT plan and Saorsat satellite service was announced by the Minister for Communications at the end of July 2010.
RTÉ did not confirm that Saorsat would broadcast from KA-SAT until February 2012. There is no other current satellite solution with a spot covering only Ireland. Strictly speaking the spot covers a large part of Wales, South West England and the Hebrides of Scotland, but the frequency and polarisation reuse scheme means that no matter how big a dish is used, interference from a similar spot over northern France would prevent reception much beyond terrestrial overspill into Wales. Reception over all of Northern Ireland may be possible.
At least a Ka band LNB, dish and DVB-S2 receiver will be required to receive Saorsat. Reception of Sky or Freesat from the Astra 2 satellites at 28° East will require a separate feed and a DiSEqC or Multiswitch with a Diseqc compatible receiver. 2rn state that a dish of 1 metre (40") diameter is required for reception of Saorsat on the island of Ireland.
Saorview is really the RTÉ NL name for the public service broadcaster multiplexes. According to the RTÉ submission to Oireachtas committee the proposed RTÉ NL operated Saorsat is expected to be a copy of Saorview. the test loop used the same total bitrate as the terrestrial DTT mux. A dual feed dish (with Ku and Ka LNBFs) or a separate second boxed Cassegrain "dish" is required with a Diseqc switch and HD DVB-S2 tuner to have Freesat and Saorsat on the same set-box or IDTV receiver.
RTÉ has made it clear that Saorview/Saorsat will not carry television services from outside the Republic of Ireland and that people in Ireland should seek other digital services to view additional channels other than what is offered. In contrast, the Irish government has already signed an agreement to permit retransmission of BBC channels.
Testing started in May 2011 on KA-SAT 9E, 20.185 GHz DVB-S2 SR25000 FEC 1/2 with pre-recorded material.
Technical
The parameters are:
Ka-Sat 9A @ 9°E
20192 MHz, Left Circular Polarisation,
DVB-S2 QPSK,
12500 Symbol rate
5/6 FEC
Irish spot (there are 83 spots on Ka-Sat)
It is likely a second carrier will be used to carry material on the second Terrestrial PSB mux. The second DTT mux is running with no services on many sites and there is a second DVB-S2 carrier in the same part of the Ku band for Internet Services using SR 50000 with adaptive modulation and FEC.
Any DVB-S2 HD satellite receiver can in theory be used to receive Saorsat as the Ka band LNBF converts to a regular IF in the 950 MHz to 2,100 MHz band. If the receiver does not have a setting for the Ka band LNBF Lo, then a "fake" frequency 10.765 vertical rather than the real 20.185 may be entered when using the Inverto LNB with local oscillator of 21.2.
To receive Freesat/Sky or other services alongside Saorsat, a dual- or multi-feed type dish or two dishes are needed with either one or more DiSEqC switches or a multi-switch. On a multi-switch the Saorsat LNB needs to be connected to vertical 0 kHz port only. The other 3 input ports are left unused.
Even with the narrow beam, reception is available in the western parts of Scotland, England and Wales with an LNBF on an 80 cm (32") dish pointed at Eutelsat 9E.
Channels
Television
Saorsat only broadcasts channels from public broadcasters (6 TV and all radio services from RTÉ + Oireachtas TV and TG4). Virgin Media One, Virgin Media Two, Virgin Media Three, Virgin Media Four, Sky News, UCB Ireland and Radio Maria Ireland which are available on Saorview are not broadcast on Saorsat.
Saorsat channels may be sorted in various ways depending on device as it does not use LCNs. Therefore the service IDs are listed instead.
SIDs 5106, 5119 and 5120 are test services which may not be visible on some receivers.
Radio
See also
Television in the Republic of Ireland
RTÉ Network Limited
Saorview
References
External links
List of channels on Saorsat (Ireland)
Satellite television
Battersby is an English surname. It is a toponymic surname based on Battersby, North Yorkshire. Notable people with this surname include:
Sir Alan Battersby (born 1925), British organic chemist
Ashley Battersby (born 1988), American professional skier
Bradley Battersby (born 1953), American film director and screenwriter
Christine Battersby (born 1946), British philosopher
Edmund Battersby (born 1949), American classical pianist
Eileen Battersby, chief literary critic of The Irish Times
James Battersby (born 1958), Australian rower
James Johnson Battersby (1875–1949), British hat manufacturer
James Larratt Battersby (1907–1955), British fascist and pacifist
Jean Battersby (1928–2009), Australian arts executive
Lee Battersby (born 1970), Australian author
Martin Battersby (1914–1982), British trompe l'oeil artist and theatrical set decorator
Mary Battersby (fl. 1801–1841), Irish artist and naturalist.
Matthew Battersby (1841–1899), Australian politician
Robert Battersby (1924–2002), British soldier, linguist, diplomat and politician
Roy Battersby (born 1936), British TV director
Sydney Battersby (1887–1974), English swimmer
Terence Battersby (1893–1972), English cricketer and British Army officer
Tim Battersby (born 1949), English composer and performer of children's music
Tony Battersby (born 1975), English footballer
William John Battersby (1839–1915), British hat manufacturer
See also
Archie Battersbee (2010–2022), English schoolboy, subject of the Archie Battersbee case
Thomas Battersbee (1791–1865), schoolmaster and English cricketer
References
English toponymic surnames
Soul Burst is an album by Latin jazz vibraphonist Cal Tjader recorded in early 1966 and released on the Verve label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars, stating, "the music is quite catchy and accessible, commercial but still creative within the genre".
Track listing
"Cuchy Frito Man" (Ray Rivera, Vin Roddie) – 2:20
"Descarga Cubana" (Osvaldo Estivill) – 2:55
"Soul Burst" (Cal Tjader) – 4:38
"The Bilbao Song" (Bertolt Brecht, Kurt Weill) – 2:16
"Manteca" (Gil Fuller, Dizzy Gillespie, Chano Pozo) – 6:34
"It Didn't End" (João Donato) – 3:55
"My Ship" (Ira Gershwin, Weill) – 2:59
"Morning" (Clare Fischer) – 2:56
"Orán" (Chick Corea) – 3:58
"Curaçao" (Tjader) – 6:15
Recorded at Van Gelder Studio in Englewood Cliffs, NJ on February 9 (tracks 3 & 10), February 10 (tracks 2, 6, 8, & 9) and February 11 (tracks 1, 4, 5 & 7), 1966
Personnel
Cal Tjader – vibraphone, cabasa, cymbals
Jerome Richardson, Jerry Dodgion, Seldon Powell – flute
Attila Zoller – guitar
Chick Corea – piano, arranger
Richard Davis, Bobby Rodriguez – bass
Grady Tate – drums
Carlos "Patato" Valdes – congas, vocals
Jose Mangual – timbales, bongos
Victor Pantoja – percussion
Oliver Nelson – arranger
References
Verve Records albums
Cal Tjader albums
1966 albums
Albums produced by Creed Taylor
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums arranged by Oliver Nelson
Cardiff International Food and Drink Festival is an annual food festival held in Cardiff, Wales.
Overview
The festival is held over three days during July, from Friday to Sunday, at Roald Dahl Plas (The Oval Basin) in Cardiff Bay, next to the Mermaid Quay complex.
There are over 100 local, national and international producers. There is a Street Food Piazza, a Producers' Fayre and Farmers' Market. The Street Food Piazza is the biggest outdoor street food piazza in Wales, with numerous bars and stalls along the water's edge at Cardiff Bay. There are daily children's workshops for young chefs to create their own dishes. There are also craft stalls and live music.
See also
Cuisine of Wales
References
Further reading
Business Wales, Food and Drink
About Wales, Welsh Food Festivals
1999 establishments in Wales
Food and drink festivals in the United Kingdom
Tourist attractions in Cardiff
Annual events in Wales
Summer events in Wales
July events
Festivals in Cardiff
Finkenbach-Gersweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Dashe District () is a suburban district in southwest Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Dashe was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Dashe was upgraded to a district of the city.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of the villages Jiacheng, Baoshe, Baoan, Dashe, Cuibing, Sannai, Guanyin, Shennong, and Zhongli.
Education
Morrison Academy Kaohsiung
Junior high schools
Kaohsiung Municipal Dashe District Junior High School (高雄市立大社國民中學)
Primary schools
Kaohsiung Municipal Dashe District Dashe Primary School (高雄市大社區大社國民小學)
Kaohsiung Municipal Dashe District Jiacheng Primary School (高雄市大社區嘉誠國民小學)
Kaohsiung Municipal Dashe District Guanyin Primary School (高雄市大社區觀音國民小學)
Tourist attractions
Guanyinshan Dajue Temple
Mount Guanyin
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
District 60 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes all of Baker, Grant, Harney, and Malheur counties and a portion of Lake County. Oregon's sixtieth state house district is currently held by Mark Owens. It was previously represented by Republican Representative Lynn Findley who was appointed to the Oregon State Senate on January 6, 2020.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time; therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Baker County, Oregon
Grant County, Oregon
Harney County, Oregon
Lake County, Oregon
Malheur County, Oregon
The fire-eyes, Pyriglena, are a genus of birds in the antbird family Thamnophilidae.The genus contains 5 species, all found in South America. The fire-eyes are 16–18 cm in length, weigh 25-36 g and have characteristic red eyes that give them their name. They have sexually dimorphic plumage, with the females possessing brown to buff coloured bodies with black tails, and the males being black with small patches of white on the back or wings. The fire-eyes eat a variety of insects, and will regularly follow army ants in order to catch prey flushed by them. Two of the fire-eyes are widespread and safe, but one species, the fringe-backed fire-eye, is threatened with extinction.
Taxonomy and systematics
The genus Pyriglena was introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1847. The name is from the Ancient Greek word puriglēnos meaning fiery-eyed. The type species is the white-shouldered fire-eye.
The genus contains 5 species:
Western fire-eye (Pyriglena maura)
Tapajos fire-eye (Pyriglena similis)
Fringe-backed fire-eye (Pyriglena atra)
East Amazonian fire-eye (Pyriglena leuconota)
White-shouldered fire-eye (Pyriglena leucoptera)
The 5 species of fire-eye have sometimes been treated as a single species. A study published in 2017 recommended that the white-backed fire-eye should be spit into three separate species.
References
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Syria competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Field
Powerlifting
See also
Syria at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Syrian sport
Torkel Jonson Lende (17 November 1849 – 11 January 1909) was a Norwegian inventor.
Biography
In his young days he was a schoolmate of Arne Garborg. Like Garborg he took up teacher's studies, but he quit early to become an inventor. In 1873 Lende went on a tour of the Måløy area together with Sven Aarrestad; they were hired by Vestmannalaget to spread Landsmål culture.
Inventions
He first made inventions for small-scale home industry, but was soon picked up by the large-scale industry in Stavanger. Among his inventions there was a device to cut European sprat for the tinned food industry in the city.
References
1849 births
1909 deaths
Norwegian inventors
People from Rogaland
In some operating systems, including Unix and Linux, a pseudoterminal, pseudotty, or PTY is a pair of pseudo-device endpoints (files) which establish asynchronous, bidirectional communication (IPC) channel (with two ports) between two or more processes. The master provides means by which a terminal emulator process controls the slave. The slave, emulates a hardware text terminal device. PTY are similar to bidirectional pipes.
The master files are typically used by networking applications (e.g. rlogin) and slave files are used by terminal-oriented programs such as shells (e.g. bash) as a process to read/write data back from/to master endpoint. Common application of PTYs is in providing network login services.
Devpts is a Linux Kernel virtual file system used to emulate PTYs connection.
Linux implementation is based on System V-style terminals (commonly referred as UNIX 98 pseudoterminals) and provides POSIX and the Single Unix Specification API in the form of a function since 1998.
Unix command is typically used to get PTY file path connected to the current standard input.
History
Pseudoterminals were present in the DEC PDP-6 Timesharing Monitor at least as early as 1967, and were used to implement batch processing. They are described in the documentation for the succeeding TOPS-10 on the PDP-10. Other DEC operating systems also had PTYs, including RSTS/E for the PDP-11, as did the third-party TENEX operating system for the PDP-10.
Unix pseudoterminals originated in 1983 during the development of Eighth Edition Unix and were based on a similar feature in TENEX. They were part of the 4.2 release of BSD, with a rather cumbersome interface defined for use.
AT&T's System V included support for pseudoterminals as a driver in their STREAMS device model, along with the pseudoterminal multiplexer (). This later evolved to become the Unix98 style of PTYs.
Books
The Linux Programming Interface from 2010 contains an entire chapter (chapter 64 "Pseudoterminals" p1375–1399.) explaining pseudoterminals. Then there is another one, Chapter 62 "Terminals", dedicated to terminals.
The Windows Console was extended to have a PTY interface called ConPTY in 2018.
Applications
The role of the terminal emulator process is:
to interact with the user,
to feed text input to the master pseudo-device for use by the shell (such as bash), which is connected to the slave pseudo-device,
to read text output from the master pseudo-device and show it to the user.
The terminal emulator process must also handle terminal control commands, e.g., for resizing the screen. Widely used terminal emulator programs include xterm, GNOME Terminal, Konsole, and Terminal (macOS). Remote login handlers such as ssh and telnet servers play the same role but communicate with a remote user instead of a local one. Also consider programs such as expect.
Screen and Tmux are used to add a session context to a pseudoterminal, making for a much more robust and versatile solution. For example, each provides terminal persistence, allowing a user to disconnect from one computer and then connect later from another computer.
Variants
In the BSD PTY system, the slave device file, which generally has a name of the form /dev/tty[p-za-e][0-9a-f], supports all system calls applicable to text terminal devices. Thus it supports login sessions. The master device file, which generally has a name of the form /dev/pty[p-za-e][0-9a-f], is the endpoint for communication with the terminal emulator. With this naming scheme, there can be at most 256 tty pairs. Also, finding the first free pty master can be racy unless a locking scheme is adopted. For that reason, recent BSD operating systems, such as FreeBSD, implement Unix98 PTYs.
BSD PTYs have been rendered obsolete by Unix98 ptys whose naming system does not limit the number of pseudo-terminals and access to which occurs without danger of race conditions. /dev/ptmx is the "pseudo-terminal master multiplexer". Opening it returns a file descriptor of a master node and causes an associated slave node /dev/pts/N to be created.
See also
List of Unix commands
References
External links
Containers, pseudo TTYs, and backward compatibility, LWN.net, June 1, 2016, by Neil Brown
Terminal emulators
Technical communication tools
Neuchâtel Castle is a castle in the municipality of Neuchâtel of the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Château
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Neuchâtel
Castles in the canton of Neuchâtel
Neuchâtel
UB-145 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. Incomplete at the end of the war, she was surrendered to the Allies at Harwich on 27 March 1919, and then taken to Chatham Dockyard as a potential subject for experimental work, but was never so-employed. She was sold to M. Lynch & Sons on 22 July 1920 for £2,000, and towed to Rochester, Kent. After being stripped of any reusable material, the hulk was dumped in shallow water in the Medway estuary, along with those of UB-144 and UB-150. The remains of all three - partly broken up in-situ during 1939–45, with one significantly better preserved than the other two - remain visible, but it is unclear which wreck is which.
Construction
She was built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Kiel in October 1918. UB-145 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-145 would have carried a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-145 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Her engines would have enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Virgilio Frias is a Dominican Republic boxer. He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Dominican Republic male boxers
Olympic boxers of the Dominican Republic
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1983 Pan American Games
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the Dominican Republic
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for the Dominican Republic
Competitors at the 1986 Central American and Caribbean Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
Heavyweight boxers
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in boxing
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
The 2004–05 Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball team represented Ohio State University in the 2004–05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. They were led by their first-year head coach, Thad Matta, and played their home game at the Value City Arena, in Columbus, Ohio as members of the Big Ten Conference. The Buckeyes finished the season 20-12, 8-8 in Big Ten play. They the 6th seed in the Big Ten Tournament. They defeated Penn State in the first round before losing to Wisconsin in the quarterfinals. They were not given a bid for the NCAA tournament.
Previous season
The Buckeyes finished the 2003-04 season 14-16, 6-10 in Big Ten play to finish in ninth place. They were defeated by Indiana in the first round of the Big Ten Tournament
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=|Big Ten Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=|NCAA tournament
References
Ohio State Buckeyes
Ohio State Buckeyes seasons
Słupie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Csaba Kuttor (born August 19, 1975 in Miskolc, Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén) is an athlete from Hungary. He competes in triathlon. Kuttor competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took thirtieth place with a total time of 1:51:05.74.
Four years later, he qualified himself for the 2004 Summer Olympics. This time he could not compete in the race because of an illness.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics he took 47th place with a total time of 1:55:53.38.
References
sports-reference
1975 births
Living people
Hungarian male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Hungary
Sportspeople from Miskolc
Sabri Gharbi (born May 26, 1987, in Relizane) is an Algerian football player. He currently plays for RC Relizane in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Honours
ASO Chlef
Algerian Ligue 1: 2010–11
MC Alger
Algerian Cup: 2013–14
Algerian Super Cup: 2014
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Algerian footballers
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
People from Relizane
ASO Chlef players
MC Alger players
Olympique de Médéa players
CS Constantine players
MC Oran players
RC Relizane players
Association football defenders
21st-century Algerian people
Paramun Buttress (, ‘Paramunski Rid' \pa-ra-'mun-ski 'rid\) is the ice-covered buttress rising to 1638 m on the southeast side of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, and situated between tributaries to Edgeworth Glacier. It has steep and partly ice-free west, south and east slopes.
The peak is named after the settlement of Paramun in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Paramun Buttress is located at , which is 5.74 west-northwest of Kopriva Peak, 6.92 km north-northeast of Trave Peak and 27.1 km south of Volov Peak on Davis Coast.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Paramun Buttress. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Paramun Buttress. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Prudence on Broadway is a lost 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Olive Thomas. It was produced and distributed by the Triangle Film Corporation.
Cast
Olive Thomas as Prudence
Francis McDonald as Grayson Mills
Harvey Clark as John Melbourne
J. P. Wild as John Ogilvie
Alberta Lee as Mrs. Ogilvie
Lillian West as Mrs. Allen Wentworth
Edward Peil Sr. as Mr. Wentworth
Mary Warren as Kitty
Lillian Langdon as Mrs. Melbourne
Claire McDowell as Miss Grayson
References
External links
1919 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Triangle Film Corporation films
Films directed by Frank Borzage
American black-and-white films
Silent American comedy films
1919 comedy films
1919 lost films
Lost comedy films
1910s American films
Gassaway is an unincorporated community in Cannon County, Tennessee, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Cannon County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
DJ Kalkutta is an American DJ and producer, based in New York City.
Early life
Born in Kolkata, India, she, at the age of two, was given to an orphanage by her biological parents. As she spent her infancy there, an American woman adopted and raised her in Wisconsin, United States. Her stage name Kalkutta, which refers to the German name of the Indian City Kolkata, is a homage to her biological family and her adoptive mother. Upon moving to New York City at the age of seventeen, she took up audio engineering and production studies at Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music, before quitting. Later, she produced and uploaded music to Myspace. Her former partner suggested her to get into DJing as it is "like a walk in the park compared to production stuff." Growing up in a community where racial diversity is almost non-existent, and not knowing of her racial identity, Kalkutta assumed her ethnicity to be black until the age of seventeen.
Career
She co-wrote Halsey's song "New Americana".
References
External links
DJ Kalkutta's New Year's Eve Playlist: 10 Songs to Ring In 2014
American DJs
Woman DJs
Municipal election for Kathmandu took place on 13 May 2022, with all 162 positions up for election across 32 wards. The electorate elected a mayor, a deputy mayor, 32 ward chairs and 128 ward members. An indirect election will also be held to elect five female members and an additional three female members from the Dalit and minority community to the municipal executive.
Background
Kathmandu was established as a municipality in 1919. After the formulation of the 1951 Municipality Act, the first municipal elections were held in Nepal and Janakman Shrestha became the first elected mayor of Kathmandu. The municipality was declared as a metropolitan city in 1995 by then mayor Prem Lal Singh. Keshav Sthapit was the first elected mayor of Kathmandu after it had been declared as a metropolitan city. Electors in each ward elect a ward chair and four ward members, out of which two must be female and one of the two must belong to the Dalit community.
In the previous election, Bidhya Sundar Shakya from CPN (Unified Marxist–Leninist) was elected mayor.
Candidates
CPN (Unified Marxist–Leninist)
The incumbent mayor Bidhya Sundar Shakya, announced in February 2022 that he would want to run for re-election if the party wanted him to. But on April 24 the party announced that it would field former mayor Keshav Sthapit as its candidate. Sthapit was first elected mayor in 1997 and was appointed mayor again in 2005 by then King Gyanendra. He was later also appointed as the commissioner of Kathmandu Valley Developement Authority by Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai, but was removed after only nine months. Sthapit was a member of the provincial assembly of Bagmati Province and previously served in the cabinet of Chief Minister Dormani Paudel but resigned to file his candidacy.
Sunita Dangol, a Newa heritage activist and former Miss Newa who had previously announced her intention to run as mayor as an independent was announced as the deputy mayor candidate from the party.
Nepali Congress
The Nepali Congress, CPN (Maoist Centre), CPN (Unified Socialist), People's Socialist Party, Nepal and Rastriya Janamorcha announced that they would jointly contest the local elections in some local units in the country.
Sirjana Singh of Nepali Congress was announced as the candidate of the alliance on April 25. She is the wife of former deputy Prime Minister and MP Prakash Man Singh. She is also a former chairperson of Nepal Woman Association.
Rameshwar Shrestha from the CPN (Unified Socialist) was announced as the candidate of deputy mayor from the alliance.
Balendra Shah
Rapper and structural engineer Balendra Shah announced his candidacy as an independent on 17 December 2021.
Other parties and candidates
Opinion polls
Exit polls
Results
Mayoral election
Ward results
|-
! colspan="2" style="text-align:centre;" | Party
! Chairperson
! Members
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Nepali Congress
| style="text-align:center;" |19
| style="text-align:center;" |74
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |CPN (Unified Marxist-Leninist)
| style="text-align:center;" |12
| style="text-align:center;" |48
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |CPN (Unified Socialist)
| style="text-align:center;" | 1
| style="text-align:center;" | 4
|-
! colspan="2" style="text-align:right;" | Total
! 32
! 126
|}
Summary of results by ward
Note: 4 candidates (1 from Nepali Congress and 3 from CPN-UML) for Ward Members were elected unopposed under Dalit woman reserved seats. 2 Ward Member seats reserved for Dalit women were left unfilled due to lack of candidates
Results for municipal executive election
The municipal executive consists of the mayor, who is also the chair of the municipal executive, the deputy mayor and ward chairs from each ward. The members of the municipal assembly elected five female members and three members from the Dalit or minority community to the municipal executive using single non-transferable vote.
Municipal Assembly composition
Results
Municipal Executive composition
See also
Elections in Nepal
2022 Nepalese local elections
2022 Lalitpur municipal election
2017 Kathmandu municipal election
2022 Janakpur municipal election
2022 Bharatpur municipal election
References
History of Kathmandu
Kathmandu
is the fifth full-length album by Japanese novelty heavy metal band Animetal, released through VAP on June 25, 2003. The album consists of a non-stop marathon of metal covers: tracks cover anime themes from the 1960s to the 1990s, while tracks 18-34 cover tokusatsu themes also from that same era, including Super Sentai and Kamen Rider titles, and tracks 35-39 are covers of themes from Tatsunoko's Time Bokan series. Prior to the release of this album, guitarist She-Ja left the band. He was replaced by Syu, who has worked with metal bands Galneryus and Aushvitz.
The album cover depicts the band trio as the Black Tri-Stars of the Mobile Suit Gundam series.
Animetal Marathon V was released in the European market by Wasabi Records in 2006, with an anime-oriented cover art. A limited edition release included a bonus DVD.
Track listing
All tracks are arranged by Syu, Masaki, Katsuji, and Yorimasa Hisatake.
Personnel
- Lead vocals
Syu - Guitar
Masaki - Bass
with
Katsuji - Drums
Footnotes
References
External links
2003 albums
Animetal albums
Japanese-language albums
Covers albums
Polyortha larocae is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1981
Polyortha
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The 2021 Foxwoods Resort Casino 301 was a NASCAR Cup Series race held on July 18, 2021, at New Hampshire Motor Speedway in Loudon, New Hampshire. Originally scheduled for 301 laps, the race was shortened to 293 laps due to darkness. on the speedway. It was the 22nd race of the 2021 NASCAR Cup Series season. Aric Almirola led the last 28 laps to take a surprise victory, the third of his NASCAR Cup Series career, and his first on a non superspeedway.
Report
Background
New Hampshire Motor Speedway is a oval speedway located in Loudon, New Hampshire, which has hosted NASCAR racing annually since the early 1990s, as well as the longest-running motorcycle race in North America, the Loudon Classic. Nicknamed "The Magic Mile", the speedway is often converted into a road course, which includes much of the oval.
The track was originally the site of Bryar Motorsports Park before being purchased and redeveloped by Bob Bahre. The track is currently one of eight major NASCAR tracks owned and operated by Speedway Motorsports.
Entry list
(R) denotes rookie driver.
(i) denotes driver who are ineligible for series driver points.
Qualifying
Kyle Busch was awarded the pole for the race as determined by competition-based formula.
Starting Lineup
Race
Kyle Busch was awarded the pole. During the first few laps it began to rain and caused Busch to slam into the wall and others spun including Martin Truex Jr., and Alex Bowman. Busch would be unable to continue the race. The race was red flagged due to rain. When the race resumed, Joey Logano was penalized two laps for a crew member working on the car under the red flag. Bubba Wallace spun with a flat tire as Ryan Blaney won the first stage. Kevin Harvick would dominate, but Brad Keselowski won the second stage. In the closing laps, several laps were taken off of the distance due to darkness looming. Aric Almirola would take the lead from Matt DiBenedetto and hold off a charging Christopher Bell for the win, qualifying for the playoffs being 27th in points and needing a win to qualify.
Stage Results
Stage One
Laps: 75
Stage Two
Laps: 110
Final Stage Results
Stage Three
Laps: 116
NOTE: Race shortened to 293 laps by darkness.
NOTE: The 9 and 48 teams were penalised 25 points each on July 22, 2021, by NASCAR for an engine violation. Teams are limited to 20 engines during the Cup Series season, as eight full engines, known as long blocks, and eight short blocks, consisting of the engine block, connecting rod, pistons, crankshaft, and camshaft, must be sealed and reused for a second race. As reported by Fox Sports' Bob Pockrass, special rules are in place when a team wins a race. Such race winning engine is marked by a car number, and can only be reused by the same team that used the engine in the race win. At this event, the 48 team used an engine previously raced by the 9 team at either Austin or Road America. By rule, because it was a race winning engine, only the 9 team can reuse that sealed engine. The infraction was discovered when the 48 engine in question was inspected and the 9 car tab was found.''
Race statistics
Lead changes: 14 among 10 different drivers
Cautions/Laps: 6 for 37
Red flags: 1 for 1 hour, 41 minutes and 22 seconds
Time of race: 3 hours, 7 minutes and 52 seconds
Average speed:
Race recap
Kyle Busch would jump to the lead on the start with Truex Jr. following. Throughout the start, light rain started to increase into heavier rain. In an accident similar to the start of the 2001 The Winston, on lap 6 rain picked up heavily in Turn 1, causing the leaders including Kyle Busch. Truex Jr., and Hamlin to all spin and collect damage. As rain picked up even further, NASCAR decided to stop the race on lap 9. Aric Almirola would win. The race did not run the full 300 laps due to sunset.
Media
Television
NBC Sports covered the race on the television side. Dale Earnhardt Jr., four-time and all-time Loudon winner Jeff Burton and Steve Letarte called the race from the broadcast booth. Marty Snider and Dillon Welch handled the pit road duties from pit lane.
Radio
PRN had the radio call for the race, which was also simulcast on Sirius XM NASCAR Radio. Doug Rice and Mark Garrow called the race from the booth when the field races down the frontstretch. Rob Albright called the race from turns 1 & 2 and Pat Patterson called the race from turns 3 & 4. Brad Gillie, Brett McMillan and Alan Cavanna handled the duties on pit lane.
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Manufacturers' Championship standings
Note: Only the first 16 positions are included for the driver standings. Points reflect penalties assessed on July 22, 2021.
. – Driver has clinched a position in the NASCAR Cup Series playoffs.
References
2021 Foxwoods Resort Casino 301
2021 NASCAR Cup Series
2021 in sports in New Hampshire
July 2021 sports events in the United States
Abdulaziz Usman Tarabu (born 1 January 1962) is a Nigerian senator who represents the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in Jigawa State. He became a member of the Nigerian Senate in 2007.
Background
Abdulaziz Usman has a post-graduate degree in Business Management. Before entering politics, he was a senior planning officer for Jigawa State Agriculture And Rural Development. He was elected as a member of the House Of Representatives for 1999–2003, and was reelected for 2003–2007.
In 2005, he supported Atiku Abubakar, then the Vice President of Nigeria, in a libel claim against Newswatch magazine related to accusations of corruption while Atiku was chairman of the National Council on Privatization.
Senate career
Abdulaziz Usman was elected to the National Senate for the Jigawa North East constituency in 2007.
A May 2009 report by This Day said he had not sponsored any bill, although he co-sponsored some motions and sometimes contributed to debates in plenary. He was chairman of the Inter-Parliamentary Affairs Committee.
In the April 2011 elections he was reelected as Senator for Jigawa North-East on the PDP platform, with 135,202 votes.
References
Living people
Jigawa State
1962 births
Peoples Democratic Party members of the Senate (Nigeria)
Members of the House of Representatives (Nigeria)
21st-century Nigerian politicians
The Mysterious Monkeys were a German esports organisation based in Leipzig, Germany, that formerly had players competing in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, League of Legends, and Rainbow Six Siege. On 5 April 2018, the organisation rebranded and was renamed Ad Hoc Gaming.
League of Legends
The Mysterious Monkeys entered the professional League of Legends scene on 22 September 2015, but did not participate in any major Riot-sponsored league until 19 May 2017, when they purchased Misfits Academy's spot in the European League of Legends Championship Series (EU LCS).
On 24 August 2017, the Mysterious Monkeys were relegated to the EU Challenger Series after losing 0–3 to the Ninjas in Pyjamas.
Final rosters
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
League of Legends
Rainbow Six Siege
References
Esports teams based in Germany
Defunct and inactive Counter-Strike teams
Former European League of Legends Championship Series teams
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege teams
Georgi Georgiev-Getz (; October 4, 1926 – September 2, 1996) was a Bulgarian film and stage actor.
Best known for portraying valiant and honest conservative men, Getz was among the prominent names in the Bulgarian cinematography and theatre during the second half of the 20th century. He appeared in many of the Bulgarian film classics such as We Were Young (1961), The Tied Up Balloon (1967), The Eighth (1969), Thorn Apple (1972), Matriarchy (1977) and probably his most notable role as Yordan in A Peasant on a Bicycle (1974) for which he received an award for Best Actor at the 9th Moscow International Film Festival in 1975.
Biography and career
He was born as Georgi Ivanov Georgiev on October 4, 1926 in the village of Razpopovtsi, today neighborhood of the town of Elena, Bulgaria. In 1947, after finishing the secondary school, he went to Sofia where he enrolled in acting at The National Academy for Theatre and Film Arts graduating in 1953. After the graduation, Getz joined the troupe of the Ivan Vazov National Theatre where he remained for almost his whole career until 1990.
Georgi Georgiev-Getz died as a result of a stroke on September 2, 1996 in Sofia, Bulgaria.
Full filmography
Utro nad Rodinata (1951) as the Locksmith
in Bulgarian: Утро над Родината
in English: Dawn Over the Homeland
Nasha zemya (1952) as Dimo
in Bulgarian: Наша земя
in English: Our Land
Nespokoen pat (1955) as the Khazak
in Bulgarian: Неспокоен път
in English: Troubled Road, a Man Decides
Tochka parva (1956)
in Bulgarian: Точка първа
in English:Item One
Zakonat na moreto (1958) as Petar
in Bulgarian: Законът на морето
in English: The Law of the Sea
Parvi urok (1960) as Pesho's Brother
in Bulgarian: Първи урок
in English: First Lesson
The Old Lady in the UK
A byahme mladi (1961) as Mladen
in Bulgarian: А бяхме млади
in English: We Were Young
Noshtta sreshtu trinadeseti (1961) as General
in Bulgarian: Нощта срещу тринадесети
in English: On the Eve of the 13th
Stramnata pateka (1961) as Ivan Diviya
in Bulgarian: Стръмната пътека
in English: The Steep Path
Zlatniyat zab (1962) as Captain Prodan Lipovski, The Golden Tooth
in Bulgarian: Златният зъб
in English: The Golden Tooth
Le Tueur à la rose rouge (1962)
in Bulgarian: Nur tote Zeugen schweigen
in English: Le Tueur à la rose rouge
Chernata reka (1964) as Dobri
in Bulgarian: Черната река
in English: The Black River
Neprimirimite (1964) as Atanas
in Bulgarian: Непримиримите
in English: The Intransigents
Mazhe (1966)
in Bulgarian: Мъже
in English: Men
Mezhdu dvamata (1966) as Halata, Plamen's father
in Bulgarian: Между двамата
in English: Between Parents
Nay-dalgata nosht (1967) as Stranger
in Bulgarian: Най-дългата нощ
in English: The Longest Night
S dah na bademi (1967) as Mihail Nikodimov
in Bulgarian: С дъх на бадеми
in English: Taste of Almonds
The Tied Up Balloon / Privarzaniyat balon (1967) as Peasant
in Bulgarian: Привързаният балон
in English: The Tied Up Balloon
Nebeto na Veleka (1968) as Martin
in Bulgarian: Небето на Велека
in English: The Sky Over the Veleka
Osmiyat (1969) as Osmiyat
in Bulgarian: Осмият
in English: The Eighth
Trugni na put (1969) as Predsedatelyat Radi Radulov
in Bulgarian: Тръгни на път
in English: Set Out Again
Na vseki kilometar (1969, TV Series) as the Voivode (unknown episodes)
in Bulgarian: На всеки километър
in English: At Each Kilometer
Chetirimata ot vagona (1970) as Kapitan Draganov
in Bulgarian: Четиримата от вагона
in English: Four Men in a Boxcar
Tzitadelata otgovori (1970) as Major Petar Hariev
in Bulgarian: Цитаделата отговори
in English: The Citadel Replied
Nyama nishto po-hubavo ot loshoto vreme (1971) as Emil Boev
in Bulgarian: Няма нищо по-хубаво от лошото време
in English: There Is Nothing Finer Than Bad Weather
Tatul (1972) as Ganchovski
in Bulgarian: Татул
in English: Thorn Apple
Igrek 17 (1973) as Kapitan Rudev
in Bulgarian: Игрек 17
in English: Y-17
Zarevo nad Drava (1974) as Major Boyan Vasilev
in Bulgarian: Зарево над Драва
in English: Dawn Over the Drava
Posledniyat ergen (1974) as the Colonel
in Bulgarian: Последният ерген
in English: The Last Bachelor
Selyaninat s Koleloto (1974) as Yordan
in Bulgarian: Селянинът с колелото
in English: A Peasant on a Bicycle
Dopalnenie kam zakona za zashtita na darzhavata (1976) as the Man with the cigarette
in Bulgarian: Допълнение към закона за защита на държавата
in English: Amendment to the Law for the Defense of the State
Matriarhat''' (1977) as Milor
in Bulgarian: Матриархат
in English: Matriarchy
Sami sred valtzi (1979, TV Series) as Geshev
in Bulgarian: Сами сред вълци
in English: Alone Among Wolves
Patyat kam Sofia (1979, TV Mini-Series) as Kliment Budinov
in Bulgarian: Пътят към София
in English: The Way to Sofia
Trite smurtni gryaha (1980) as Kuzdo Karakozov
in Bulgarian: Трите смъртни гряха
in English: Three Deadly Sins
Uoni (1980) as Ivan Gyaurov - Uoni
in Bulgarian: Уони
in English: Wonny (Europe)
Milost za zhivite (1981) as Bay Stefan
in Bulgarian: Милост за живите
in English: Mercy for the Living
Prishestvie (1981)
in Bulgarian: Пришествие
in English: Advent
Udarat (1981)
in Bulgarian: Ударът
in English: The Thrust
Spirka "Berlin" (1982)
in Bulgarian: Спирка `Берлин`
in English: 'Berlin' Station
Nay-tezhkiyat gryah (1982) as Simeonov-Vedrin
in Bulgarian: Най-тежкият грях
in English: The Worst Sin
Niccolo Paganini (1982, TV Mini-Series)
Ravnovesie (1983) as the Script-writer
in Bulgarian: Равновесие
in English: Balance
Otkoga te chakam (1984) as Former director
in Bulgarian: Откога те чакам
in English: It's Nice to See You
Stenata (1984) as Chichov
in Bulgarian: Стената
in English: The Dam
Mechtanie sam az (1985)
in Bulgarian: Мечтание съм аз
in English: I Am a Dream
Denyat na vladetelite (1986) as Dilon
in Bulgarian: Денят на владетелите
in English: The Day of the Rulers
Te naddelyaha (1986) as Bay Dragan
in Bulgarian: Те надделяха
in English: They Prevailed
Vasko de Gama ot selo Rupcha (1986, TV Series) as Captain of the Ship
in Bulgarian: Васко де Гама от село Рупча
in English: Vasko de Gama from Rupcha Village
Vecheri v Antimovskiya han (1988, TV Series) as Kalmuka
in Bulgarian: Вечери в Антимовския хан
in English: Evenings in the Antim's Inn
Prokurorat (1988) as the prosecutor Miladin Voynov
in Bulgarian: Прокурорът
in English: The Prosecutor
Zhivotut si teche tiho... (1988) as Petko
in Bulgarian: Животът си тече тихо...
in English: Life Flows Slowly by...
Bashta (1989) as the Father
in Bulgarian: Баща
in English: Father
Pravo na izbor (1989)
in Bulgarian: Право на избор
in English: Right to Choose
Pod igoto (1990, TV Series) as Chorbadzhi Marko
in Bulgarian: Под игото
in English: Under the Yoke
Kragovrat'' (1993) as Shanov (final film role)
in Bulgarian: Кръговрат
in English: Circle
References
Sources
External links
1926 births
Bulgarian male film actors
Bulgarian male stage actors
1996 deaths
People from Elena, Bulgaria
20th-century Bulgarian male actors
WJXY may refer to:
WMIR (AM), a radio station (1200 AM) licensed to serve Atlantic Beach, South Carolina, United States, which held the callsign WJXY from 2017 until March 23, 2021.
WGLD-FM, a radio station (93.9 FM) licensed to serve Conway, South Carolina, which held the call sign WJXY-FM from 1990 to 2017
WAYS (AM), a radio station (1050 AM) licensed to serve Conway, South Carolina, which held the call sign WJXY until 2000
Castelnuovo is a of the of Assisi in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.
Castelnuovo is situated about 9 km from Assisi and is located in the southwest of Santa Maria degli Angeli. Is surrounded also with the territories of other 2 fractions Assisi: Tordandrea to the west, and Rivotorto to the east. To the south is bordered by the of Cannara.
It stands at an elevation of 195 metres above sea level. At the time of the Istat census of 2001 it had 754 inhabitants.
The most important watercourse is the river Ose, which basically it specify the frontier between Castelnuovo and Cannara.
References
Castles in Italy
Frazioni of Assisi
Wolfram Waibel Jr. (born 22 February 1970) is an Austrian sport shooter.
He was born in Hohenems, Austria. He competed for Austria and won both a silver medal and a bronze medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics. He shares the world record in the 50 meter rifle prone competition.
Current world record in 50 m rifle prone
References
External links
sports-reference
issf bio
1970 births
Living people
Austrian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Austria
Shooters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
People from Hohenems
Olympic silver medalists for Austria
Olympic bronze medalists for Austria
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Vorarlberg
Imidapril (trade name Tanatril) is an ACE inhibitor used as an antihypertensive drug and for the treatment of chronic heart failure.
It was patented in 1982 and approved for medical use in 1993.
Contraindications
Contraindications are hypersensitivity against ACE inhibitors, especially if it has resulted in angioedema; idiopathic or hereditary angioedema; kidney failure; the second and third trimesters in pregnancy; and combination with the drug aliskiren in people with diabetes.
Adverse effects
Common adverse effects are similar to other antihypertensive drugs and include headache, vertigo, and drowsiness. A dry cough is common as with all ACE inhibitors. Other possible adverse effects are described at ACE inhibitor#Adverse effects.
Interactions
No interaction studies have been conducted except with digoxin, which slightly decreases imidapril levels, possibly because it reduces its absorption from the gut. Other potential interactions are not well studied: Rifampicin reduces the activation of imidapril to its active metabolite imidaprilat. Like other ACE inhibitors, imidapril increases potassium levels in the blood and can therefore cause hyperkalaemia, especially when combined with potassium-sparing diuretics or potassium substitution. Other diuretics, vasodilators, tricyclic antidepressants and antipsychotics can add to the antihypertensive effect of imidapril. Lithium can reach toxic levels when combined with imidapril. The effect of antidiabetic drugs can be increased, potentially causing hypoglycaemia (low blood glucose levels).
Pharmacology
Mechanism of action
Pharmacokinetics
About 70% of the ingested imidapril is absorbed quickly from the gut; this percentage is reduced significantly when taken with a fatty meal. It reaches the highest blood plasma concentrations after two hours and has a biological half-life of two hours. The substance is a prodrug and is activated to imidaprilat, which reaches the highest plasma concentrations after 7 hours, has an initial half-life of 7 to 9 hours and a terminal half-life of more than 24 hours. The absolute bioavailability of imidaprilat is 42%.
About 40% of the drug is excreted via the urine and 50% via the bile and faeces.
References
ACE inhibitors
Carboxamides
Carboxylic acids
Enantiopure drugs
Ethyl esters
Imidazolidinones
Prodrugs
The 1991 NAIA men's basketball tournament was held in March at Kemper Arena in Kansas City, Missouri. The 54th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format.
Awards and honors
Leading scorers:
Leading rebounder:
Player of the Year: est. 1994.
Bracket
* denotes overtime.
See also
1991 NAIA women's basketball tournament
1991 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournaments (Division I, Division II, Division III)
1991 NCAA Women's Basketball Tournaments (Division I, Division II, Division III)
1991 National Invitation Tournament
References
NAIA Men's Basketball Championship
Tournament
NAIA men's basketball tournament
NAIA men's basketball tournament
The fifth season of Finnish Idol premiered on February 3, 2011 on MTV3. Nina Tapio and Jone Nikula returned as judges, and Sami Pitkämö replaced Patric Sarin as a judge. Heikki Paasonen returned as the show's host, but his co-hosts from the previous season did not return as they were replaced by Niina Herala.
Idols tekee hyvää, a Finnish version of the hugely acclaimed American Idol Gives Back program, was held for the first time on April 24, 2011. The concert was hosted by Heikki Paasonen and Idols' original hostess Ellen Jokikunnas, who replaced Niina Herala for that one episode.
This season also includes a new show called Idols Studio, which replaces Idols Extra. Hosted by Idols Extra's earlier host Janne Kataja, the show includes conversations with varying guests. The show is aired on Saturday evenings at 7:30 pm (earlier 6:30 pm) EET on MTV3.
Regional auditions
Elimination Chart
There were twelve semifinalists, six females and males.
Lassi Valtonen was selected as one of the semi-finalists, but he decided to withdraw. He was replaced by a new competitor (Vilikasper Kanth), which was selected 10 March 2011.
References
External links
Official MTV3 site for Idols
2011 in Finnish music
Idols (Finnish TV series)
2011 Finnish television seasons
SM UB-149 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 22 October 1918 as UB-149 . UB-149 was surrendered to Britain in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany on 22 November 1918 and broken up at Swansea in 1922.
Construction
She was built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 19 September 1918. UB-149 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-149 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-149 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats commissioned in 1918
Zosin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Horodło, east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The meander of the River Bug near Zosin is the easternmost point of Poland (24° 8′ 42.44″ E).
The village has a population of 70.
A border crossing into Ukraine is located here. Across the border is the village of Ustilug.
References
Poland–Ukraine border crossings
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Hinooka Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is km2. The dam impounds about 3 ha of land when full and can store 200 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1910.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1910 establishments in Japan
Pilar Rahola i Martínez (; Barcelona, 21 October 1958) is a Spanish journalist, writer, and former politician and MP.
Career
Rahola studied Spanish and Catalan Philology at the Universitat de Barcelona. She has published several books in Spanish and Catalan, and she is a columnist at La Vanguardia in Spain, and collaborated with conservative newspapers like La Nación in Argentina, and Diario de América in the United States. She appears frequently on television and has taken part in several university lectures.
She comes from a republican and anti-fascist family, and several of her relatives have been politicians or writers: Pere Rahola, a conservative minister of the navy of the republic (belonging to the 'Lliga Catalanista' nationalist party); Frederic Rahola, first Síndic de Greuges (public defender) in the Generalitat de Catalunya; and Carles Rahola, a writer executed by Francoists. Rahola is married and has three children, two of them adopted: one from Barcelona, the others from Siberia.
From 1987 to 1990, Rahola was director of the Catalan publishing house Pòrtic, and as a journalist, she was involved in covering the Eritrean-Ethiopian War, the Balkan Wars, the Gulf War, and the fall of the Berlin Wall.
As a politician, she was the only member of Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya in Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Barcelona Province in the 5th and 6th Spanish legislatures from 1993 to 2000, as well as serving as vice-mayor of Barcelona city. She also participated in several committees of investigation, especially those related to political corruption such as the comisión Roldán.
In 1996, Rahola left Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya to join Àngel Colom and Joan Laporta in a new political group, the "Partit per la Independència," but after this failed she decided to concentrate on journalism and writing. Her areas of interest include women's rights, international human rights, and animal rights. In recent years she has spoken of what she considers to be the hypocrisy of left wing politicians who do not share her views with regard to Israel and Zionism.
In 2013 the Jewish National Fund planted a forest with 2,500 trees in her honor in Yatir, in the Negev.
Since 2013 she is a member of the Catalonia's National Transition, official Committee of the Catalan government who works for a referendum on self-determination of Catalonia. She is a strong supporter for Catalan's right of self-determination and independence.
Prizes
Doctor honoris causa in Universidad de Artes y Ciencias de la Comunicación de Santiago de Chile, 2004, for her fight in favour of human rights
Premio Javer Olam (2004), given by Jewish Chilean Community for her fight against antisemitism
Cicla Price (2005), given for her fight against antisemitism
Honour Member of University of Tel Aviv, 2006
Golden Menora Price 2006, with Simone Weil, given by French B'nai B'rith
Scopus Award laureate 2007, given by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem
APEI Prize for her articles, given by "Asociación Profesional Española de Informadores de Prensa, Radio y Televisión"
Honoured guest at the AIPAC's Policy Conference, 2008
Senador Angel Pulido, 2009, given by "Federación de Comunidades Judías de España"
Mass Media Award, 2009, given by American Jewish Committee, for her fight bias to Human Rights
Daniel Pearl Award, 2010, given by Anti-Defamation League, "for her dedicated commitment to an honest and accountable journalistic code of ethics and for speaking honestly to the public"
Morris Abram Human Rights Award, given by UN Watch for her defense of Human Rights . Geneva, 2011.
Samuel Hadas Award 2012, gained with Felipe Gonzalez, José Maria Aznar and Jordi Pujol, and awarded by The Israeli Embassy for the struggle towards good relationships between Jewish people and Spanish people.
In 2013 the Jewish National Fund planted a forest with 2,500 trees in her honor in Yatir, in the Negev
.-In 2014, the Catalan Police Corps, the Mossos d'Esquadra, awarded it with the distinctive "Mossa d'Honor" .21 It is also distinguished by the distinction of the Forum Carlemany, a grouping of Catalan businessmen.
.- In 2017 She won the Ramon Llull de les Lletres Catalanes prize, awarded by Planeta, the most important prize in Catalan literature, for her novel Rosa de Cendra
Fake PhD Scandal
Until the summer of 2013, the English and Spanish version of Pilar Rahola's CV on her website claimed that she had received a PhD in Spanish and Catalan Philology from the University of Barcelona. This title was used when introducing her in countless prizes, television interviews and books. During 10 years she never corrected this information even though she had only received a bachelor's degree. When this misinformation was brought to her attention she claimed it was due an error when translating her original Catalan CV.
References
http://www.international-view.cat/catalonia-s-national-transition
http://www.kkl.org.il/eng/about-kkl-jnf/green-israel-news/march-2013/pilar-rahola-visit-negev/
Bibliography
Aquell estiu color de vent – Editorial Pòrtic 1983.
Color de verano – Editorial Pòrtic 1983.
Aperitiu nocturn – Editorial Pòrtic 1985.
La qüestió catalana – Editorial Columna 1993.
Mujer liberada, hombre cabreado – Editorial Planeta 2000
Dona alliberada, home emprenyat – Editorial Planeta 2000
Carta a mi hijo adoptado – Editorial Planeta 2001
L'adopció un acte d'amor – Editorial Columna 2001
Carta ao meu filho adoptado – Editorial Ambar 2003
Historia de Ada – Editorial RandomHouse Mondadori 2002
3x1: El món actual a través de 3 generacions – Editorial Plaza & James 2003
Catalunya, any zero – Editorial Ara llibres 2004
A favor de Israel -Editorial Certeza (2005)
La màscara del Rei Artur. Editorial La Magrana (2010)
.-El carrer de l´Embut. Editorial RBA libros (2013) ().
.-La República Islámica de España. Editorial RBA libros (2011).
.-Mariona. Editorial RBA libros (2015) ()
.-Basta (about The threat of jihadism) RBA libros (2016) ()
.Rosa de cendra. Editorial Planeta. (2017) |
. Rosa de ceniza. Editorial Planeta (2017) 9788408169925
External links
Pilar Rahola personal website
Ficha de Pilar Rahola en el Congreso de los Diputados
Photos of Pilar Rahola
Ficha de autor de Pilar Rahola en Diario de América
Recopilación de presentaciones en los medios argentinos.
Look left in anger interview in "Haaretz", by Roi Bet Levi
The anti-Israel hysteria. Article in Haaretz, 09-01-09 (http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/pages/ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=1054155&contrassID=2&subContrassID=4&sbSubContrassID=0)
Speech of "Mass Media Award" from Pilar Rahola. Title: "A Shout for the voiceless", http://www.ajcarchives.org/AJCAudio/2009AM/PilarRahola050809.mp3
David Harris's Radio Speech, about Pilar Rahola https://web.archive.org/web/20090513223814/http://www.ajc.org/atf/cf/%7B42d75369-d582-4380-8395-d25925b85eaf%7D/DAVID%20HARRIS%20051209.MP3
Conference Chamberlain versus Sendler: from darkness to light. https://web.archive.org/web/20110520154950/http://pilarrahola.com/3_0/CONFERENCIAS/default.cfm?ID=1914
.-http://www.planeta.es/es/pilar-rahola-gana-la-xxxvii-edición-del-premio-ramon-llull-con-rosa-de-cendra
1958 births
Living people
Writers from Catalonia
Barcelona municipal councillors
Members of the 5th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 6th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Spanish Zionists
Cyclogramma is a genus of ferns in the family Thelypteridaceae, subfamily Thelypteridoideae, in the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I). Other sources sink Cyclogramma into a very broadly defined genus Thelypteris.
Species
, the Checklist of Ferns and Lycophytes of the World accepted the following species:
Cyclogramma auriculata (J.Sm.) Ching
Cyclogramma chunii (Ching) Tagawa
Cyclogramma costularisora Ching ex K.H.Shing
Cyclogramma flexilis (Christ) Tagawa
Cyclogramma leveillei (Christ) Ching
Cyclogramma maguanensis Ching ex K.H.Shing
Cyclogramma neoauriculata (Ching) Tagawa
Cyclogramma omeiensis (Baker) Tagawa
Cyclogramma squamaestipes (C.B.Clarke) Tagawa
References
Thelypteridaceae
Fern genera
XNN or xnn may refer to:
XNN, the IATA code for Xining Caojiabao International Airport, Huzhu County, Qinghai, China
xnn, the ISO 639-3 code for Northern Kankanaey language, Philippines
Dongning may refer to:
Dongning, Heilongjiang, a county-level city in Heilongjiang, China
Kingdom of Tungning, Han Chinese government which ruled Taiwan, between 1661 and 1683
A one-handgun a month law is a law which limits handgun purchases to one per 30-days, for an individual. Proponents supported such laws in the effort to keep criminals, or would be criminals from amassing large numbers of handguns in a short period of time. Supporters argued that gun traffickers frequently purchase large numbers of cheap handguns from states which lack such laws in order to transport and sell them within states with such laws.
The first law of such nature was passed in 1975 in the state of South Carolina (which was repealed in 2004). The policy gained some further recognition, after the state of Virginia enacted similar legislation in 1993 (which was also repealed in 2012). At the time, it was claimed that 40% of the guns used in crime in New York City could be traced back to the state of Virginia.
As of 2012, the District of Columbia, along with three states have one-handgun a month laws; these states are California, Maryland, and New Jersey. New York City also has this law. The District of Columbia's law was struck down by a federal appeals court in 2015.
References
External links
Laws Regarding Sales of Multiple Guns, Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence
United States firearms law
Athletics at the 1951 Mediterranean Games were held in Alexandria, Egypt.
Results
Track
Field
Medal table
References
External links
Complete 1951 Mediterranean Games Standings.
Med
Athletics
1951
Nalacetus is an extinct pakicetid early whale, fossils of which have been found in Lutetian red beds in Punjab, Pakistan (, paleocoordinates ). Nalacetus lived in a fresh water environment, was amphibious, and carnivorous. It was considered monophyletic by .
It was said to be wolf-sized and one of the earliest forms of the order Cetacea.
Nalacetus is known mostly from dental remains from the Lutetian of the Kala Chitta Hill, Punjab, Pakistan:
H-GSP 96055, right palatal fragment with P4 and M1−2.
H-GSP 30306, right maxillary fragment with P2 and partial P3−4; a fragmentary mandible with fragmented teeth together with some isolated lower teeth.
In the cheek teeth of Pakicetus, the protocone lobe increases from the first molar to the third. In Nalacetus, in contrast, the protocone lobe is larger in the first molar than in the second.
Notes
References
Pakicetidae
Extinct animals of Pakistan
Eocene mammals of Asia
Prehistoric cetacean genera
Fossil taxa described in 1998
Thomas Gill (born 16 May 1965 in Grimstad) is a Norwegian former football goalkeeper. Gill got five caps for Norway.
References
External links
Living people
1965 births
People from Grimstad
Association football goalkeepers
Norwegian footballers
Norway international footballers
FK Jerv players
SK Brann players
Vålerenga Fotball players
MSV Duisburg players
SK Sturm Graz players
F.C. Copenhagen players
Ayr United F.C. players
Fredrikstad FK players
IK Start players
FK Arendal players
Vejle Boldklub players
Strømsgodset Toppfotball players
Eliteserien players
Danish Superliga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Bundesliga players
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Frederikshavn fI players
Sportspeople from Agder
This is a list of yearly Tri-State Conference football standings.
Tri-State Conference football standings
NAIA (1960–1969)
NAIA Division II (1970–1980)
References
Tri-State Conference (1960–1981)
Tri-State Conference (1960–1981)
Standings
Richard Joseph "Dick" Shenton (25 October 1926 – 2 January 2013), born in St. Helier, was a politician in Jersey. He retired in 2005.
Biography
Richard Joseph Shenton the son of Benjamin Henry Shenton, B.E.M. and Kathleen Mary Troy. The third of seven children, he was educated at De La Salle College in Jersey. He and his family lived in Jersey throughout the five years (1940-1945) occupation by the Germans. His father was imprisoned by the occupying forces in 1944, and sadly in 1942 and 1943 his elder brother and sister died in their teens of malnutrition and tuberculosis.
Following the liberation of the Channel Islands, he joined the Royal Air Force, serving in the Middle East and Italy until he was demobilised in 1948. After a period of working in the dock industry he met and married Jill Mason and they emigrated to Canada in 1954. After six years in Canada, he, his wife and two infant daughters returned to Jersey and he resumed his career in the dock industry, eventually taking over as Managing Director of the only stevedoring company, and his name has been synonymous with the docks from that time.
Dick Shenton is the father of four children, two daughters and two sons, and has seven grandchildren. He was a great family man and is well known for his charitable work and his loyalty to his native island.
When he stood for election in 1969, he was elected a Senator with an all-island mandate, finishing top of the poll – a feat which he equaled several times. No other politician had topped any island election twice, and it is not an exaggeration to say that, having achieved this feat four times, Dick Shenton was without doubt the most popular choice of the island's population. In 1981, 1987 and 2004 he topped every parish poll, proving his popularity with town and country residents alike.
He was a fair minded politician, and had a great affinity with the elderly, the disabled and anyone in need. His door was always open to the residents of the Island who saw him has their champion and as an Islander who would stand up for Jersey at all times. He had personally sponsored more Private members' Propositions than any other States Member of his time, and has been responsible for more changes in legislation which benefited the people whom he represented than any other States Member.
He was praised for his work as President of various States Committees. For example, when he was president of the Island Development Committee, the Bailiff of the time, Sir Frank Ereaut, stated “Senator Shenton puts a human face on planning”. When he was President of Agriculture and Fisheries he introduced new measures to protect and ensure the unique characteristics of the Jersey cattle breed. He also launched the very successful ‘Jersey Fresh' campaign to promote local products. As president of the Resources Recovery Board he was responsible for the opening of the new incineration plant which turned household rubbish in electricity. He also introduced disciplined measures for the sorting of waste which in turn cleaned up Island hedgerows and restored St. Ouen's Bay to its former glory. He drew the line in the sand.
He also served as President of the Postal Committee, Broadcasting Committee, and Establishment Committee and was responsible for all public sector employees and all States policies in that direction. He served on committees which were responsible for the Constitution of the Island, the Defence contribution to the U.K. and matters affecting relationships with the Home Office and the UK Government.
It was his handling of industrial relations and his relationship with the Trade Union and workers that he was seen at his best, with employer and employee alike recognising his integrity and giving him the respect accorded to very few politicians.
Senator Shenton represented the Island at the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association in Canada, Jamaica and Zimbabwe. He was responsible for the establishment of the ‘Small Nations Conference' and the ‘Small Disaster Fund'.
In 2004 he returned to the States Assembly with a landslide victory in the by-election caused by the resignation of the late Senator Christopher Lakeman. He finally officially retired from the political arena in 2006 at the end of his term of office. However he was delighted when his son Ben was elected as Senator in 2006 and was always on hand to offer insight, guidance, and opinion. The introduction of the Winter Fuel Allowance for pensioners was a good example of this type of collaboration – the concept engineered by him and pushed through the Assembly, despite vigorous opposition, by Ben – using a few political tricks to ensure that it was adopted.
In spite of his busy political life, he remained Managing Director of George Troy & Sons, Master Stevedores; he was Chairman of St. Helier Port Services, a Director of Guernsey Stevedores Limited, a non-executive Director of the Royal Bank of Scotland and of Capital House Investments Management Limited, and Chairman of the Hotel L'Horizon.
On the charitable side he retained his links with the Jersey Association of Spina Bifida and Hydrocephalus and the Jersey Schizophrenia Fellowship, having been founder President in both cases. On the fund raising side, he has chaired many committees: De La Salle, his old school, when there were fears that it would have to close; the Little Sisters of the Poor, in the change to the Jeanne Jugan Residence, where they now provided the finest facilities for the elderly in the Island; and more recently he was the driving force behind the campaign to build a new Parish Church for the Catholic community. St. Mary and St. Peter's Church can be seen as an example of the success of that campaign. He received the Knighthood of the Holy See (KSG) for his service to the catholic church.
He was Charter member of the Lion's Club of Jersey and involved with other clubs, but on entering politics he severed his relations with club activities as he felt these could impinge upon his work as an independent politician. Senator Shenton has always been most insistent in providing a Register of Members' Interests and a strict code of conduct for politicians to follow.
Electoral history
Dick Shenton was first elected to the States of Jersey as Senator in 1969 and served until 1999.
In 1969 he topped the poll with 13,220 votes.
In 1975 he topped the poll with 17,221 votes.
In 1981 he topped the poll with 17,256 votes.
In 1987 he topped the poll with 12,838 votes.
No one in Jersey politics, apart from Senator Shenton, has topped the poll 4 times and the record number of votes was only beaten in 2011 with a much larger electorate.
In October 1993 he received 8,755 votes polling sixth.
He was re-elected in a by-election in 2004 achieving 7,144 votes with a majority of 5,500.
Life in the States
Dick Shenton was President of a number of committees, including tourism in 1993
References
Senators of Jersey
People educated at De La Salle College, Jersey
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
1926 births
2013 deaths
Maria Carmenza Morales Rendón (born July 21, 1966 in Jardín, Antioquia) is an athlete from Colombia, who competes in triathlon. Morales competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She took thirty-seventh place with a total time of 2:13:43.38.
References
sports-reference
1966 births
Living people
People from Itagüí
Colombian female triathletes
Triathletes at the 1995 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2007 Pan American Games
Olympic triathletes of Colombia
Pan American Games competitors for Colombia
Sportspeople from Antioquia Department
20th-century Colombian women
21st-century Colombian women
The Sheppey Light Railway was a railway on the Isle of Sheppey, Kent, England, which ran from Leysdown to Queenborough, where it connected with the South Eastern and Chatham Railway's Sheerness Line. It was engineered by Holman Fred Stephens and opened in 1901 and closed on 4 December 1950. Originally there were stations at Sheerness East, East Minster on Sea, Minster on Sea, Eastchurch and Leysdown. Two halts were opened in 1905 at Brambledown and Harty Road.
Operation
For the first few years after opening the SE&CR operated the line using standard locomotives and stock. However the light traffic on the line required a rethink.
Petrol railcars
In 1904 trials were carried out of two petrol engined railcars. One only had seats for four passengers, insufficient even for this byway, but the larger 16 seat railcars proved satisfactory. Unfortunately it proved impossible to find a motor mechanic on Sheppey to maintain it in those early days of internal combustion so the SE&CR had to stay with steam power.
Steam railmotors
The solution was a steam railmotor - a small steam engine permanently coupled to a carriage portion. Two were bought in 1905, one for the Sheppey Light and one for the equally remote Hundred of Hoo branch on the other side of the Medway estuary. A further six were acquired in 1906 for use on other lightly used services. The railmotors remained in use until the outbreak of World War I. The steam engine components were scrapped but the carriage portions were united in pairs, coupled over a shared bogie, and in this format they remained in use on Sheppey, hauled by normal steam engines, until the line's closure.
Goods traffic
As the steam railmotors did not have enough power to pull goods wagons, the SE&CR sought out a small engine for the daily goods service. One, No. 54 Waddon, was obtained secondhand from their neighbour and rival, the London Brighton and South Coast Railway. This was one of that railway's famous Terrier class tank engines. This particular example survived into British Railways days and is still preserved, albeit as a static exhibit, in Canada's National Railway Museum.
LCDR 653 & 20
Two carriages that were used on the Sheppey Light Railway are preserved. These two being London, Chatham & Dover Railway No. 20 6w Saloon and No. 653 BTZ, later Saloon are preserved on the Isle of Wight Steam Railway. No. 20's centre wheel was removed for use on the IoWR when absorbed into Southern Railway ownership in 1924. No. 20 and 653 join over 15 more SR-used on-IOW carriages. Restoration of 20 was completed in 1993 and 653 was officially restored in 1979.
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
The railway, via Colonel Stephens Society
The railway, via The Colonel Stephens Railway Museum
Images of the line, via Yahoo
The railway, via Sheppey Website
The railway, via John Speller
Last day passenger train, via Trevor Edwards
Line closure, via National Railway Museum
Rail transport in Kent
History of Kent
Closed railway lines in South East England
Railway lines closed in 1950
Railway lines opened in 1901
Standard gauge railways in England
Railways on English Islands
Light railways
HF Stephens
Isle of Sheppey
Transport in Swale
"I've Got Love on My Mind" is a 1977 R&B/Soul song originally recorded by American singer Natalie Cole. Released from her third album, Unpredictable, and was certified Gold, selling over one million copies and has become one of her most successful and popular songs.
Charts
"I've Got Love on My Mind" spent five weeks at number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart and peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1977.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1977 singles
Natalie Cole songs
Songs written by Marvin Yancy
Capitol Records singles
1977 songs
Rhythm and blues ballads
Soul ballads
1970s ballads
Vandersloot Music Publishing Company was an American publisher of marches, waltzes, rags, religious music, and popular music of the Tin Pan Alley genre. The firm was founded in 1899 by Frederick William Vandersloot, Jr. (1866–1931) and his brother, Caird Melvill Vandersloot (born 1869). F. W. Vandersloot was a gospel singer, composer, and choir director. In 1913, the firm was based at 233 West 3rd Street, Williamsport, Pennsylvania with an office in New York at 41 W 18th Street, an area ten blocks directly south of what then became known as Tin Pan Alley.
For many years, Harry James Lincoln served as the composer and general manager of Vandersloot Music. Cora E. Vandersloot, Elwert (1869–1944), wife of F. W. Vandersloot, had also served as president and manager. In 1929, Harry J. Lincoln acquired part of the Vandersloot Music Publishing Company and moved it to Philadelphia and operated it under the same name. When F. W. Vandersloot died in 1931, the firm dissolved, with much of the inventory being acquired by New York publisher Jack Mills.
Frank Hoyt Losey had been a composer and editor-in-chief for the Vandersloot Music Publishing Company.
Vandersloot composers and lyricists
Carl Donaldson Vandersloot
Charles Cohen (1878–1931), rag composer
Robert Nathaniel Dett
Charles E. Duble, circus band composer
Raymond B. Egan, lyricist
Stephen Foster
Joseph E. Howard, lyricist
Harry J. Lincoln (pseudonyms: Abe Losch, Carl Loveland, & Harry Jay)
Frank Hoyt Losey
Raymond A. Sherwood, lyricist
Andrew B. Sterling, lyricist
Charley Straight, jazz pianist
Family
Frederick William Vandersloot, Jr., married Cora E. Vandersloot ( Elwert) on January 20, 1898. They had two sons and two daughters. One son and one daughter — Carl Donaldson Vandersloot (1898–1963) and Ruth Person Vandersloot (1904–1989) — both composed for Vandersloot Music. In 1920, Ruth married Author Taylor Eaker and composed under the pseudonym Ruth V. Hoyt, her surname borrowed from Vandersloot's editor-in-chief Frank Hoyt Losey.
External links
Frederick W. Vandersloot history, researched by Susan Attalla (born 1948) with assistance by the Lycoming County Historical Society.
References
Vandersloot
Publishing companies established in 1899
1899 establishments in Pennsylvania
American companies established in 1899
Wazamono is a classification of Japanese swords and swordsmiths used in Japan to identify historic blades of exceptional quality. According to the first edition of Kaiho Kenjaku (懐宝剣尺) published in 1797, There are 163 Wazamono swords in total, grouped into four categories based on their quality. Twelve swords are classified as Saijō Ō Wazamono (Supreme Grade), twenty-one swords are classified as Ō Wazamono (Excellent), fifty swords are classified as Yoki (Ryō) Wazamono (Very Good), and eighty swords are classified as Wazamono (Good).
This rating is based on a book compiled by Yamada Asaemon V (山田浅右衛門吉睦), an official sword cutting ability examiner and executioner of the Tokugawa shogunate, and is an authoritative index of cutting ability of Japanese swords. The list of ratings concerning swordsmithing differs between Kaiho Kenjaku (懐宝剣尺) published in 1797 and the reprinted edition published in 1805, and the major revised edition of Kokon Kajibiko (古今鍛冶備考) published in 1830. Add up the number of sword smiths in each edition: Saijo Ō Wazamono 15, 'Ō Wazamono 21, Yoki Wazamono 58, Wazamono 93, lower 3 grade mixed 65.
The list of swordsmiths described below is the swordsmiths described in the first edition of Kaiho .
Twelve Saijō Ō Wazamono
There are 12 blades that hold the rank of Saiju Ō Wazamono (Supreme Grade). This is the highest classification of Wazamono. In the reprinted edition in 1805 and the major revised edition in 1830, 3 swordsmiths , , and were added to the list.最上大業物. Nagoya Japanese Sword Museum Touken World.
= Hidemitsu II
= Masaie IV
= I
= Kotetsu II = Kanemoto I
= Kanemoto II
= Nagamichi I
Hizen Tadayoshi III =
Twenty-one Ō Wazamono
There are 21 blades that hold the rank of Ō Wazamono (Excellent). This is the second highest classification of Wazamono.
Fifty Yoki (Ryo) Wazamono
There are 50 blades that hold the rank of Yoki Wazamono (Very Good). This is the third highest classification of Wazamono.
=
=
=
=
=
Eighty Wazamono
There are 80 blades that hold the rank of Wazamono (Good). This is the lowest classification of Wazamono''.
=?
, son of Kanekuni (added below)
=
=?
=?
of
=?, successor of Sukehiro I (Soboro) above.
=
= = =
=
==
=
=
, disciple of above.
=?
==
=?
=
=
=
Mixed
Swordmakers that produced a mixture of quality, ōwazamono, ryōwazamono, or wazamono. 65 in this category.
References
, German and Ja names.
Wazamono
Wazamono
Wazamono
Bernard Emile Vivian Burns (16 April 1889 – 29 November 1972) was a British communist, economist, translator and author as an active member of the Communist Party of Great Britain.
Early life and family
Emile Burns was born in Basseterre, St Kitts, on 29 November 1889, the son of James Patrick Burns, the Treasurer and Harbour Master of St. Kitts and Nevis. He had three brothers, Cecil, Robert and Alan, and one sister, Agnes. As a child, he and other boys would often swim out to the ships that were too big to come into the harbour, black and white boys played and swam together. However, once they reached their teens they were no longer allowed to play together. Burns attended Trinity College, Cambridge to study economics. While there, he met Elinor Enfield, and the two married in Nottinghamshire in 1913. Their first daughter, Susannah, was born 11 September 1914, and Marca was born on 4 January 1916. At this time Emile Burns was working for Cunard, but was also serving on a national committee enquiring into poverty, which had been set up by Eleanor Rathbone, and which published Equal Pay and the Family: A Proposal for the National Endowment of Motherhood. The family moved to London sometime after April 1918 but prior to the end of World War I.
Politics
Emile and Elinor were both members of the Independent Labour Party, Emile joining the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB) in 1921, followed by Elinor in 1923. Emile found work as the secretary of the Labour Research Department, except during the UK general strike, when he worked as propaganda secretary of the St Pancras Trades Council.
Emile was a supporter of the London busmen's rank and file movement in the 1930s, and edited its newspaper, The Busmen's Punch. In 1935, he was elected to the CPGB's executive, ultimately serving for more than twenty years. He held many positions within the party, most focusing on cultural or educational activity, including a spell as head of the party's propaganda department. He spent a period as editor of the Communist Review, and was later editor of the World News. In the early 1950s, he did much of the preparation work for the party's new programme, the British Road to Socialism.
Burns translated both political and non-political writings from Russian, France and German into English, including Friedrich Engels' Anti-Dühring, and parts of Karl Marx's Theories of Surplus Value. He wrote works of his own including Handbook of Marxism, What is Marxism and Introduction to Marxism, successive basic explanations of Marxism.
Books and pamphlets
Finance; an introductory course for classes and study circles 1922
Imperialism: an outline course for students classes and study circles 1927
Agriculture by H. B. Pointing and E. Burns 1927
Russia's Productive System 1930
The 2 classes in 1931
The only way out 1932
Capitalism, communism, and the transition 1933
What Is The Communist Party? 1933
The Roosevelt Illusion by Burns, Emile & Roy, F M 1934
Karl Liebknecht 1934
A Handbook of Marxism 1935
Abyssinia and Italy 1935
Spain 1936
The People's Front 1936
Difficulties Facing Peace 1936
Money ~ The New People's Library Volume I 1937
Communist Affiliation Pamphlet – 1937
What Is Marxism? 1 Jan 1939
Party Organiser (CPGB) November 1939 (pamphlet)
Mr. Keynes Answered : an Examination of the Keynes Plan 1940
The Soviet Union and Finland (pamphlet) 1940
Labour's Way Forward 1942
Jobs, Homes, Security: Post-war Britain and the Way to Socialism (pamphlet) 1944
The Case for Affiliation: The Labour Party and the Communist Party 1943
The Fight for Labours Programme 1946
The Soviet Transition from Socialism to Communism 1950
The Meaning of Socialism 1950
Introduction to Marxism Dec 1961
Right-wing Labour: Its theory and Practice 1961
Communism: Your Questions Answered 1963
President Nkrumah on Neo-Colonialism 1966 (pamphlet)
Money and Inflation 1968
Winning the peace
The Triumph of Communism: Communist Manifesto Centenary Speech
The World of to-Day: Modern Finance
The Marxist Reader: The Most Significant and Enduring Works of Marxism
References
External links
Emile Burns Archive at marxists.org
1889 births
1972 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Communist Party of Great Britain members
People from Basseterre
The HP Performance Optimized Datacenter (POD) is a range of three modular data centers manufactured by HP.
Housed in purpose-built modules of standard shipping container form-factor of either 20 feet or 40 feet in length the data centers are shipped preconfigured with racks, cabling and equipment for power and cooling. They can support technologies from HP or third parties. The claimed capacity is the equivalent of up to 10,000 square feet of typical data center capacity depending on the model.
Depending on the model, they use either chilled water cooling or a combination of direct expansion air cooling.
HP POD 20c and 40c
The POD 40c was launched in 2008. This 40-foot modular data center has a maximum power capacity up to 27 kW per rack. The POD 40c supports 3,500 compute nodes or 12,000 LFF hard drives. HP has claimed this offers the computing equivalent of 4,000 square foot of traditional data center space.
The POD 20c was launched in 2010. This modular data center is housed in a 20-foot container. This version houses 10 industry-standard 50U racks of hardware. The POD uses an efficient cooling design of variable speed fans, hot and cold aisle containment and close coupled cooling to maximize capacity and efficiency. The POD 20c can operate at a Power Usage Effectiveness of 1.25. PODs can maintain cold aisle temperatures higher than typical brick and mortar data centers. The temperature of the cold aisle in traditional data centers is typically 68 to 72 degrees, whereas the POD can efficiently operate at temperatures in this range up to 90 degrees.
Both the 20c and the 40c are water-cooled. The benefit of water cooling is higher capacity and less power usage than traditional air-cooled systems.
HP POD 240a
The HP POD 240a was launched in June 2011. It can be configured with two rows of 44 extra height 50U racks that could house 4,400 server nodes of typical size, or 7,040 server nodes of the densest size. HP claimed that the typical brick and mortar data center required to house this equipment would be 10,000 square feet of floor space.
HP claims "near-perfect" Energy efficiency for the POD 240a, which it nicknames the "EcoPOD". HP says it has recorded estimated Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) ratios of 1.05 to 1.4, depending on IT load and location. The perfect efficiency would be a Power usage effectiveness (PUE) of 1.0.
The POD 240a has a refrigerant-based air cooled HVAC system with air-side economization When the ambient air conditions are cool enough, the 240a uses economizer or free air mode—where outside air can be taken in and circulated inside the modular data center to cool the IT equipment.
Customers
In September 2013, eBay announced that they were "deploying the world's largest modular data center, with 44 rack positions and 1.4Megawatts of power" using HP EcoPODs.
See also
Google Modular Data Center
HP Flexible Data Center
IBM Portable Modular Data Center
Sun Modular Data Center
References
External links
HP Performance Optimized Datacenter (POD)
HP Performance Optimized Datacenter (POD) 240a
HP Performance Optimized Datacenter (POD) 20c and 40c
Hewlett-Packard
Intermodal containers
Data centers
Modular datacenter
Laila Neihoum (, born 1961) is a Libyan writer, journalist, editor and poet.
Career
Neihoum is recognised a leading woman in re-shaping the literature scene in Libya. She was the first writer from there to be accepted to join the International Writers Programme at the University of Iowa. She has published online and in print, including a collection of poems and a collection of short stories. Her poetry reflects modern life in Libya, with poems like Butterflies of Meaning reflecting family and friendship. Melting Sun discusses parental expectations.
Neihoum has written about the Arab Spring and its impact on Libya. She wrote O My Libya in 2011, to create a poetic manifesto for her country. She is widely recognised in Libya and a leading contemporary writer and is also commentator on the arts scene in Libya.
Journalism
Regular commentary and editorial published in outlets in Libya, including “Albait,” “Almouatamer,” “Almajal” and “Four Seasons.” Neihoum also publishes literary criticism. She has edited Tesenon a collection of young Libyan poets writing in the 1990s and a collection of global short stories Ofoq min lazaward (Azure Horizons).
References
Libyan women writers
Libyan poets
Libyan women poets
Living people
1961 births
21st-century Libyan women writers
Tony Skole (born September 26, 1968) is an American baseball coach and former third baseman, who is the current head baseball coach of The Citadel Bulldogs. He played college baseball and college football at The Citadel from 1988 to 1992. He previously served as head coach of the East Tennessee State Buccaneers (2000–2017).
Playing career
Skole played baseball and football at The Citadel Bulldogs, a key part of several memorable teams in both sports. In baseball, he was part of the team that reached the 1990 College World Series and drove in the go-ahead run against Cal State Fullerton in the Bulldogs only win in Omaha. He played for both Chal Port and Fred Jordan, whom he succeeded as head coach of the Bulldogs in 2017. He was a starting Defensive Back on football teams that beat the University of South Carolina, the University of Arkansas and the United States Military Academy; the Bulldogs reached the Division I-AA playoffs twice, for the first time in school history.
Coaching career
On June 8, 2017, he was named the head baseball coach of The Citadel Bulldogs.
Head coaching record
See also
List of current NCAA Division I baseball coaches
References
External links
Tony Skole, Head Baseball Coach, The Citadel
1968 births
Living people
The Citadel Bulldogs baseball coaches
The Citadel Bulldogs baseball players
The Citadel Bulldogs football players
East Tennessee State Buccaneers baseball coaches
Lincoln Memorial Railsplitters baseball coaches
Pinlaung Township () is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar. It is one of three townships in the Pa-O Self-Administered Zone. Its principal town is Pinlaung. According to the 2014 Myanmar Population and Housing Census, there are 115,047 residents in the township.
Wildlife
Inle Lake and Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary, a well known tourist place and bird watching site, partly lies in this township.
This township is home to two endemic rare species of trapdoor spider, the Liphistius Birmanicus and Liphistius Lordae. After first being discovered by an American scientist in 1897, the spiders were again spotted in Pyin Oo Lwin and Taunggyi.
Economy
The township is home to the Tigyit coal-fired power plant, one of three coal-fired power plants in Myanmar.
Pinlaung Township accounts for the largest area of tea cultivation in southern Shan State. The Tea grown here is of the Assamica cultivar. Tea plantations in the area cover 12,000 acres, with half of the cultivation taking place in the higher elevations of Le Hlaung, 10 miles from Pinlaung. In the Koe Khaung ward, tea production is refined and the tea coming from the nearly 100 tea-producing households is highly sought after. Farmers here use stoves with chimneys and clean pans for roasting, which creates a smoother teat that fetches higher prices than other teas in the region.
Traditionally, farmers in Pinlaung Township made a living mostly off of poppy production, but have expressed interest in recent years of veering away from such farming and switching to substitute crops. In 2017, the Taung Yoe Ethnic Literature and Culture Association (Central) requested government assistance not only for the substitute seeds but also for pesticides in order to substitute cash crops
Infrastructure
Before 2010, accessing Pinlaung Township was as dangerous as it was difficult. Merchants from Naypyidaw,southern, and western Myanmar who wanted trade with the Shan and Pa'O farmers and ethnic tribes in the areas were required to go up and around the dangerous roads of Elephant Mountain (Sin Taung) and cross the Paung Laung River by boat. Then, Myanmar's former government contracted P.T.Waagner-Biro Indonesia together with Supreme Group of Companies to construct an expansive steel truss suspension bridge to span the river. The bridge was designed by the People's Republic of China. The bridge, known as the Leinli Bridge, would become the highest of its kind in Myanmar. The bridge was opened on November 5, 2010, at a cost of 3.476 million in foreign currency and an additional 14,500 million kyats.
In the fiscal year 2018-2019, the Ministry of Border Affairs spent 12,055.754 million kyats from the Union budget to improve 94 roads and bridges, 62 water access works, 11 power stations, and five religious missionary programs in Pinlaung Township.
Caves
Pinlaung township is home to many large caves and cave systems. Among them are:
Namun Spring Cave in Namun
Road Cliff Cave in Leinli
Banana Forrest Cave, or Nga Pyaw Thor Cave in Nam Pam
War Lee Kwey Cavein Nam Pam
Lower Spider Cavein Nam Pam
Upper Spider Cavein Nam Pam
Big Bang Cave in Tar Kge
Buddha Head Cave in Nounbi
Young Twint Cave in Nounbi
Dragon Cave in Hlaings
Te Toke Taungin Phinton
Hti Ngut in Hti Hwali
Namun Spring Wall Cave in Namun
Yar Za Cave (Hti Bwar Cave) in Taung Hti Bwar
References
Townships of Shan State
Richard Burton Lawless (born November 1, 1953) is an American former football offensive guard in the National Football League (NFL) for the Dallas Cowboys and Detroit Lions. He played college football at the University of Florida, and earned All-American honors. He was drafted in the second round of the 1975 NFL Draft.
Early years
Lawless was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1953, before his family moved to Florida. He attended Charlotte High School in Punta Gorda, Florida, where he first drew recognition as an all-state tight end for the Charlotte Fighting Tarpons high school football team.
In 2007, thirty-six years after he graduated from high school, the Florida High School Athletic Association (FHSAA) recognized Lawless as one of the "100 Greatest Players of the First 100 Years" of Florida high school football. In 2001, he was inducted into the Charlotte High School Hall of Fame.
College career
Lawless accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Doug Dickey's Florida Gators football team from 1971 to 1974. As a freshman, he broke his shoulder on his first practice and was moved to offensive tackle when he returned to the team, and eventually to offensive guard, where he arguably became the best pulling guard in Gators history.
He was a three-year starter, a second-team All-Southeastern conference (SEC) selection in 1973 and 1974, and a first-team All-American during his senior season in 1974. He also played in the 1975 Chicago College All-Star Game.
Lawless returned to the university during the NFL off-season to finish his bachelor's degree in exercise and sport sciences in 1977, and he was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 1978. In one of a series of articles published by The Gainesville Sun in 2006, he was recognized as one of the top 100 Gators (No. 42) of the first 100 years of Florida football.
Professional career
Lawless was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the second round (forty-fourth pick overall) of the 1975 NFL Draft, also known as the Dirty Dozen draft. Mitch Hoopes and him were the only rookies to earn starting jobs, with Lawless replacing the traded John Niland at left guard and becoming the first-team rookie to start in the offensive line (including Super Bowl X) since . At the end of the season, he was named to the NFL All-Rookie team.
In , the improved play of Herbert Scott forced him into a platoon role. In , he was moved to right guard but lost the starting job to Tom Rafferty. Injuries to Scott and John Fitzgerald allowed him to start 6 games (4 at left guard and 2 at right guard).
The next year, he was back to serving as a messenger guard, alternating mainly with Rafferty. After requesting to be traded, he retired in during training camp and was subsequently traded to the Miami Dolphins for a draft choice (not exercised) on August 19. During his time with the Cowboys, he was a part of three Super Bowl teams, winning Super Bowl XII.
The Miami Dolphins released him on September 1, . On October 23, he signed as a free agent with the Detroit Lions, where he played in nine games. He was released on August 31, . On November 17, he was signed by the Miami Dolphins to be a backup behind Bob Kuechenberg for the last five games of the 1981 season.
In April , Lawless signed a contract with the Chicago Bears. In May, during the off-season, a 12-foot, 5,000-pound plow-arm fell on his head and neck, causing him to be paralyzed from the neck down for 17 days and ending his professional career.
During his seven-season NFL career, Lawless played in eighty-two games, and started in twenty-three of them.
Personal life
Lawless attended the Cowboys alumni reunion and closing ceremony at Texas Stadium in Dallas on December 20, 2008.
See also
1974 College Football All-America Team
Florida Gators football, 1970–79
List of Dallas Cowboys players
List of Detroit Lions players
List of Florida Gators football All-Americans
List of Florida Gators in the NFL Draft
List of University of Florida alumni
List of University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame members
References
Bibliography
Carlson, Norm, University of Florida Football Vault: The History of the Florida Gators, Whitman Publishing, LLC, Atlanta, Georgia (2007). .
Golenbock, Peter, Go Gators! An Oral History of Florida's Pursuit of Gridiron Glory, Legends Publishing, LLC, St. Petersburg, Florida (2002). .
Hairston, Jack, Tales from the Gator Swamp: A Collection of the Greatest Gator Stories Ever Told, Sports Publishing, LLC, Champaign, Illinois (2002). .
McCarthy, Kevin M., Fightin' Gators: A History of University of Florida Football, Arcadia Publishing, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina (2000). .
McEwen, Tom, The Gators: A Story of Florida Football, The Strode Publishers, Huntsville, Alabama (1974). .
Nash, Noel, ed., The Gainesville Sun Presents The Greatest Moments in Florida Gators Football, Sports Publishing, Inc., Champaign, Illinois (1998). .
External links
This Gator would not go down
1953 births
Living people
People from Punta Gorda, Florida
Players of American football from Florida
All-American college football players
American football offensive linemen
Florida Gators football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Detroit Lions players
Charlotte High School (Punta Gorda, Florida) alumni
Miami Dolphins players
The Harney River is a river in Monroe County, Florida.
History
Harney river was named after Colonel William S. Harney.
References
Bodies of water of Monroe County, Florida
Rivers of Florida
VSG Altglienicke is a German sports club based in the locality of Altglienicke in the borough of Treptow-Köpenick of eastern Berlin. VSG Altglienicke is a multi-sports club, which besides its football department, also offers its members volleyball, handball, bowling, seniors activities and gymnastics. Its football team plays in the fourth tier Regionalliga Nordost.
History
VSG acknowledges the role of several local Altglienicke sides in the club's history. The first of these is MTV Spiess founded in 1883 out of a gymnastics club formed in mid-century. As was common at the time the club had a nationalistic, martial character. This sports association soon adopted handball, a legacy passed on to the modern day club.
Two other local clubs, Altenglienicker Arbeiter- und Turnsportverein (also known as Bewegungsclub Freiheit) and Altglienicker Ballspielclub were formed in 1906. Each of these clubs had football departments with AATSV also having an athletics section. All three associations were active through to 1933 when the membership of AATSV appears to have been dispersed to the other clubs.
After World War II occupying Allied authorities banned all existing organizations in Germany, including sports and football associations. Sports clubs were soon reformed and in 1948 Altglienicker Sportverein emerged bringing together the memberships of the old clubs in one association. By 1951 the club had constructed a new stadium, but was also under pressure from East German sports authorities to merge with BSG Chemie Adlershof. They were able to resist this move but were forced into a name change, becoming Volkssport Gemeinschaft Altglienicke, which was deemed to be more politically correct. The club was also able to deflect a second attempt at amalgamation in the 60s, this time with BSG Fernsehen. After the reunification of the country the club voted to retain its identity as VSG rather than once again becoming ASV.
The club played in the tier five NOFV-Oberliga Nord in 2013–14 but, at the end of season, voluntarily withdrew to the Berlin-Liga despite finishing seventh in the league. They returned to the Oberliga in 2016 after a league championship in the Berlin-Liga, and were promoted to the Regionalliga Nordost the following year.
Controversy
VSG found itself embroiled in controversy after second-team players were alleged to have made anti-Semitic remarks and fans chanted and displayed similarly offensive slogans during a Kreisliga-B Berlin match against TuS Makkabi Berlin in October 2006. The match was ordered replayed after Makkabi left the field in protest in the 78th minute and Altglienicke directed to play its next two matches before empty stands. Team managers and players were also required to attend anti-racism seminars or face a ban from playing in any Berlin league.
Current squad
Honours
Regional
Regionalliga Nordost (IV)
Runners-up: 2019–20, 2020–21
NOFV-Oberliga Nord (V)
Winners: 2016–17
Berlin-Liga (VI)
Winners: 2011-12, 2015–16
Runners-up: 2010-11
Cup
Berlin Cup
Winners: 2020
Stadium
The club has traditionally played it home matches at the Stadion Altglienicke (capacity 2,500).
References
External links
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Berlin
Football clubs in East Germany
Association football clubs established in 1948
1948 establishments in Germany
WIS TV Tower is a guy-wired aerial mast for the transmission
of FM radio and television programs in Lugoff, South Carolina, U.S.
(Geographical coordinates: ).
WIS TV Tower was built in 1958, replacing the original 1953 tower. When the 1958 tower was built by Kline Iron and Steel of Columbia, S.C., it was the "highest man-made structure east of the Mississippi," and allowed WIS-TV to increase its coverage area from 29 counties to 41 counties.
See also
WIS (TV)
List of masts
References
External links
Radio masts and towers in the United States
Towers in South Carolina
1958 establishments in South Carolina
Towers completed in 1958
Buildings and structures in Kershaw County, South Carolina
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Martín is located in the city of San Martín, Buenos Aires, Argentina. It was established by Saint John XXIII on 10 April 1961.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Manuel Menéndez (bishop) (1961–1991)
Luis Héctor Villalba (1991–1999), appointed Archbishop of Tucumán; future Cardinal
Raúl Omar Rossi (2000–2003)
Guillermo Rodríguez Melgarejo (2003–2018)
Miguel Ángel D'Annibale (2018-2020)
Martín Fassi (2020-
Auxiliary bishops
Horacio Alberto Bózzoli (1973-1975), appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Buenos Aires
Han Lim Moon (2014-
References
External links
San Martin
San Martin
San Martin
San Martin
1961 establishments in Argentina
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Greer County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Greer County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 6 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Greer County
Buildings and structures in Greer County, Oklahoma
Andrena agilissima is a species of mining bee. They are present in most of Europe, the Near East and North Africa and can be found from April through July. Andrena agilissima is an oligolectic species, feeding only on the pollen of a few genera of Cruciferous vegetables (Brassicaceae species, such as Brassica napus, Brassica rapa, Raphanus raphanistrum, Barbarea vulgaris and Sinapis species).
Taxonomy and phylogeny
A. agilissima is a member of the order Hymenoptera, which includes wasps, bees, and ants. It is in the family Andrenidae, and the subfamily Andreninae. The genus Andrena is one of the largest genus of bees and comprises the sand or solitary mining bees. It was first listed under the Apis genera, but in 1775, Fabricus described this genus along with 14 other species. Most Andrena bees are solitary and a few are communal.
Description and identification
Description
A. agilissima is an oligolectic bee, meaning that they collect pollen from only a few flowering plants. The plants that A. agilissima collects from belong to the family the Brassicaceae, which is usually wild radish and wild mustard. It has been shown that this species has a slight preference for the wild radish plant. The females nest on earth walls and collect pollen and nectar to feed the nest and is a pre-social springtime species. They are not known to go far from the nest, but they have been seen to forage about 300 meters away from their nesting site. There is a heightened amount of activity on foraging the wild radish flowers from 11:00 am to 1:00 pm.
Identification
The adults grow up to long, with females slightly larger than males. They have a shiny black body, with tufts of white velvety hairs on the facial fovea, on either side of the thorax, on the last abdominal tergites and on the femora of the third pair of legs. The wings have bluish reflections.
Distribution and habitat
Andrena agilissima is a southern and central European species of mining bee, recognizable by its bluish color, which is found from the Netherlands and Poland in the north south through the islands of the Mediterranean to North Africa, where it is widespread, and as far east as the former Czechoslovakia, it is absent from Great Britain but does occur on the Channel Islands. It is a typical hollow way bee. A. agilissima needs a vertical surface to nest on and it typically feeds on flowers of plants in the mustard family for food. In Southern Germany, it collects its pollen from the wild mustard plant (Sinapsis arvensis). This plant does not grow on vertical surfaces, but instead on fields. Therefore, the only way A. agilissima can forage on this plant is when it close to an area that it can use as a nesting site. Due to the changing agricultural landscape of many places, there have been fewer A. agilissima. It is now rare to find large nest aggregations, which also impacts its cuckoo bee Nomada metalthoracica. The cuckoo bee lays its eggs in the host nest. In south-west Germany, it has been attempted to change the way fields are ploughed and planted so that the bees can feed on these wild mustard plants. This has caused for A. agilissima to start to form meta populations, or a collection of smaller local populations that have local extinctions, colonizations, and sometimes dispersal between the populations. A. agilissima - like Osmia brevicornis - also feeds on Brassicaceae (mustard plants). There is a huge aggregation of this bee in Tuscany, Italy on an earth wall 2.5 m high and 6 m wide.
Behavior
Mating
The males search for virgin females while the females are collecting pollen from flowers. Bees in the genus Andrena are receptive to mating soon after leaving the nest as a mature bee, but are not receptive to male attention some time afterwards. Females mate only once. This bee is a communal bee where they are about 5-50 females sharing a nest entrance. It is found that most of the females have already mated before they permanently leave the nest. This is different from other bees in the genus which are usually solitary bees. Mating in the nest typically happens at the beginning of spring and mating at flowers happens at the end of the flight season. Being farther from the nest and mating will help lower the chance of inbreeding.
Size dimorphism
The males do not show discrete size dimorphism unlike other bees and all are able to fly. The females are bigger than the males with a slightly larger head size. There is no correlation of how big the female bee is compared to the amount of pollen that is being transferred. The carrying capacity is about 6.3 to 37.5% of its own body weight.
Foraging
At the beginning of the spring season, the females start digging through their underground cells to collect pollen and nectar. The pollen that is collected is on the hind tibia, a large pollen-carrying brush, the hind femora, basket-like structure, and the trochanter, another basket called the floccus. The nectar is carried internally. Nectar load is increased in the afternoon but the amount of pollen per day does not change significantly.
Sex ratios
There is a sex ratio bias in A. agilissima, skewed towards having more females than males. This may be due to local mate competition which means that males essentially devalue each other by competing for the same females as mates. This is only really true for mating within the tunnels before emergence where they are closer to their nest and not as visible compared to when there is mating at flowers away from the nest.
Female–female interaction
There is no aggression when a bee finds her tunnel being temporarily used by another female that is getting to her nest. They are not seen to fight when there are other females waiting to use a tunnel while another is using it. Since this is a communal bee and not a social bee, there is also no overlap of generations and not much cooperation among the reproducing females.
Nesting behavior
A. agilissima is a communal bee that digs tunnels where the females stay. Many different bees use these tunnels instead of one bee per tunnel. This is also the place where males will go to have pre-emergence mating with the females. Over the years, the tunnels that the females create eventually will criss-cross more and more and the tunnels will start to interconnect. Even though there is sharing of tunnels, there is no evidence of females interacting with each other.
Having many females in a nest is beneficial because all females have been observed to create tunnels to help weaken the rock and allow them to go through different tunnels to reach their own broods. Additionally, there is a not well-defined division of labor and there does not seem to be guards.
Interaction with other species
Diet
Females typically collect pollen and nectar from the flowers Raphanus raphanistrum and Sinapsis arvensis. The females carry the pollen on their hind tibia and hind femora. The nectar is carried internally back to the nests and more is carried later in the afternoon than in the morning.
Parasites
Megaselia andrenae
The scuttle fly Megaselia andrenae is a parasite that affects A. agilissima. It is a kleptoparasite, meaning that it steals food and lays its eggs in cells of A. agilissima and is active all day around the nesting sites. Many of the females attach themselves to the bees, while the males wait around outside the entrance to the nests for the bee to re-emerge with the female fly.
Leucophora personata
Leucophora personata is another parasite that affects A. agilissima. These satellite flies are more active in the morning and sit close to the entrance of the host, eventually flying up to intercept the female bees coming into the tunnels. They then wait for the host to exit their nest and then they go into their cell to use up their nectar. If a bee notices that it is being followed, it moves in large zigzags to trick the fly away from its nest. If there is another bee in the tunnel, the fly will spend less time in the nest than it would if there was no other bee in the tunnel. This is beneficial for the bees to live communally since there is the chance that another bee will be at their tunnel discouraging the flies.
References
External links
Biolib: Andrena agilissima
Fauna Europaea: Andrena agilissima distribution
—Tier und natur: Andrena agilissima
agilissima
Hymenoptera of Africa
Hymenoptera of Asia
Hymenoptera of Europe
Insects of North Africa
Insects of Western Asia
Insects described in 1770
Taxa named by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli
Ababeel Missile (Urdu: ; lit. Ababeel) is a surface-to-surface medium-range ballistic missile developed by Pakistan. It is "aimed at ensuring survivability of Pakistan's ballistic missiles in the growing regional Ballistic Missile Defence (BMD) environment", in response to the Indian anti-ballistic missile systems.
The missile has length of 21.5 meters and a diameter of 1.7 meters and is designed to carry both conventional and nuclear warheads, according to Pakistani sources it has multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles (MIRV), over a maximum range of . As such, it would be Pakistan's first missile with this capability. It can carry total 1,500 kg ( 3,307 lb) warhead , which consists of three standard warheads of 500 kg ( 1102.3 lb) each or 5 of 300 kg ( 661.4 lb) or 8 maximum Warheads weighing 185 kg (408 lb) .
Ababeel is developed by KRL, which have previously developed liquid powered Ghauri missile system. From this it can be expected that Ababeel is also a liquid fueled missile. However, some sources suggest that Ababeel is said to be a development of the Shaheen-III airframe and solid-fuel motors, but with a payload fairing of enlarged diameter to accept the MIRV warhead. The second stage is also lengthened. If it's really the development of Shaheen-3 missile then the warhead carrying capacity is increased but the range is decreased from 2,750 km ( 1,709 mi ) to 2,200 km ( 1,400 mi).
The first publicly announced test launch was conducted on 24 January 2017. As of June 2017 no missiles were thought to be operationally deployed.
See also
List of missiles of Pakistan
MIRV
Shaheen-III
References
MIRV capable missiles
Medium-range ballistic missiles of Pakistan
Military equipment introduced in the 2010s
Benjamin Henry Day (April 10, 1810 – December 21, 1889) was an American newspaper publisher best known for founding the New York Sun, the first penny press newspaper in the United States, in 1833.
Biography
Day was born in Springfield, Massachusetts on April 10, 1810, to Henry Day, a hatter, and Mary Ely. Day started his printing career in 1824, at the Springfield Republican.
In 1835, Day's Sun was responsible for publishing a story written by Richard Adams Locke about life on the moon that was fictional, but was received by the general public as fact. The publicity of the article was widespread at the time and now is referred to as "The Great Moon Hoax". Day is credited with stretching the truth that came to be known as sensationalism. Day is also credited for importing to the United States the London Plan, a system of newspaper distribution largely antiquated today in which the paper carriers buy newspapers in bulk from the publisher and sell the papers to the reading public for a profit.
Day sold the Sun to his brother-in-law Moses Yale Beach for $40,000 in 1838. Afterwards he started the True Sun in 1840, which had but a brief run. In 1842, he created the Brother Jonathan, the first illustrated weekly in the U.S., which he ran for twenty years.
Day constantly quarreled with George Wisner over the publication of abolitionist articles. Day considered himself democratic to Wisner's extreme abolitionist standpoint.
From The New Yorker:
The American newspaper business as we know it was born on September 3, 1833, when a twenty-three-year-old publisher named Benjamin Day put out the first edition of the New York Sun. Whereas other papers sold for five or six cents, the Sun cost just a penny. For revenue, Day relied on advertising rather than on subscriptions. Above all, he revolutionized the way papers were distributed. He sold them to newsboys in lots of a hundred to hawk in the street. Before long, Day was the most important publisher in New York.
Day married Evelina Shepard (b. 1811) in 1831, and had four children: Henry (b. 1832), Mary Ely Day (1833–38), Benjamin Henry Day, Jr. (1838–1916), the inventor of Ben-Day dots, and Clarence Shephard Day (1844–1927), a stockbroker (and father of author Clarence Shephard, Jr.).
References
Sources
Britannica.com
Whitby, Gary L. "Horns of a Dilemma: The Sun, Abolition, and the 1833-34 New York Riots." Journalism Quarterly.
1810 births
1889 deaths
American newspaper founders
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
Barbro Carina Bergfeldt, (born 19 February 1980) is a Swedish journalist, reporter, columnist and author. Since March 2016 she is SVT's correspondent to Washington, D.C.
In 2012, Bergfeldt was awarded the Stora Journalistpriset in the category Storyteller of the Year for her report "Dagen vi aldrig glömmer" about the Utøya massacre in July 2011.
Bibliography
Bergfeldt, Carina (2012). Fadersmord. Stockholm: Frank.
Rasismen i Sverige (anthology, 2014)
Bergfeldt, Carina (2015). Sju dagar kvar att leva. Stockholm: Norstedt.
Bergfeldt, Carina (2015). Fotografiet. Bookmark Förlag.
References
Living people
1980 births
Swedish women writers
Swedish journalists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Samir Hasanov (; born 9 September 1967 in Kirovohrad) is a former Soviet and Ukrainian footballer and Ukrainian football manager.
External links
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kropyvnytskyi
Ukrainian people of Azerbaijani descent
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi players
FC Oleksandriya players
FC Sirius Kryvyi Rih players
FC Krystal Kherson players
FC Khimik Severodonetsk players
FC Zorya Luhansk players
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod players
FC Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol players
FC Enerhiya Yuzhnoukrainsk players
Ukrainian Premier League managers
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi managers
FC Nyva Ternopil managers
Expatriate football managers in Uzbekistan
Ukrainian expatriate football managers
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Uzbekistan
The George A. Christenberry Fieldhouse is a 3,026 seat facility on the campus of Augusta University in Augusta, Georgia, and is home to the athletics department as well as some classes. It is home to the Augusta Jaguars men's and women's basketball teams as well as the women's volleyball team. The first game at Christenberry Fieldhouse was held on February 2, 1991, against the University of South Carolina, a 76–62 loss.
Christenberry Fieldhouse hosted the first four Peach Belt Conference Basketball Championships from 1992 to 1995, and again in 2004 and 2005. In addition, the arena has been the host venue of the NCAA Southeast Region of the NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Championship each year from 2007 through 2011.
Augusta University's men's basketball team, which competed as Augusta State University from 1996 to 2012, amassed a winning streak of 48 consecutive games played at Christenberry Fieldhouse that began on December 15, 2008, with an 80–68 defeat of conference foe Georgia College & State University. The streak ended with a 75–73 loss in the 2011 NCAA Southeast Region Championship to Anderson University on March 15, 2011. Entering the 2012–2013 season, the Jaguars had amassed a home record of 74-4 (94.9 win percentage) from the 2007–2008 season through the 2011–2012 season.
In October 2011, a set of bleachers were added to one end zone of Christenberry Fieldhouse. The new bleachers are the new location of Augusta University's student section, known as "JagSwag". These new bleachers officially hold room for 405 spectators, raising the official capacity of the Fieldhouse from 2,216 to 2,621. A second set of bleachers were added to the opposite end zone during the 2012 offseason, boosting the official seating capacity to its current figure of 3,026. The record attendance of 3,718 was set on February 3, 2010, in a 73–59 win over archrival University of South Carolina Aiken. This figure also marked the highest attendance ever to witness an Augusta State athletic event, and also marked a new Peach Belt Conference attendance record.
The Fieldhouse hosts many events, ranging from the Elite32 Summer Jam to badminton leagues and Tai Chi classes.
Then-President Bill Clinton visited the venue on February 5, 1997. There is a plaque located near the main entrance to the arena honoring his visit.
References
External links
Christenberry Fieldhouse
Fieldhouse page on D2Hoops.net
College basketball venues in the United States
Indoor arenas in Georgia (U.S. state)
Sports venues in Augusta, Georgia
Augusta University
Basketball venues in Georgia (U.S. state)
College volleyball venues in the United States
Sports venues completed in 1991
1991 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Thomas Fernandez (born 3 August 1970) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender. He is currently the head coach of Toulouse FC' U19s.
References
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Albi
French footballers
Association football defenders
Toulouse FC players
Pau FC players
Olympique Alès players
La Roche VF players
Vendée Poiré-sur-Vie Football players
Ligue 1 players
French football managers
Footballers from Occitania (administrative region)
Batrochoglanis is a small genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Pseudopimelodidae.
Species
There are currently five recognized species in this genus:
Batrochoglanis acanthochiroides (Güntert, 1942)
Batrochoglanis melanurus Shibatta & Pavanelli, 2005
Batrochoglanis raninus (Valenciennes, 1840)
Batrochoglanis transmontanus (Regan, 1913)
Batrochoglanis villosus (Eigenmann, 1912)
Distribution
Batrochoglanis species are known and distributed throughout the Amazon basin, rivers of the Ecuadorian and Colombian Pacific coast, the northern region of South America, and the Paraguay River basin. B. acanthochiroides is distributed in the Catatumbo River basin of the Maracaibo basin. B. melanurus is only known from its type locality in the Paraguay River basin of Brazil. B. raninus is found in the Amazon River basin, Guyana, and French Guiana. B. transmontanus originates from Baudó, San Juan, Patía and Durango river basins. B. villosus is found in the Demerara River of the Essequibo basin, Orinoco, and Amazon River basins.
Description
Species of this genus have rounded, wider than deep bodies; large heads, rounded in dorsal view; pelvic fins originating at vertical line through the end of the dorsal fin; short caudal peduncles, with caudal fin procurrent rays close to adipose and anal fins; emarginated caudal fins, with rounded lobes, or completely rounded; incomplete lateral lines, sometimes surpassing the adipose-fin end, but never reaching the caudal fin.
Three color patterns of the caudal fin in Batrochoglanis species are known. The first pattern, in B. raninus, B. transmontanus and B. acanthochiroides, is a light caudal fin, with a dark band on the posterior third. The second pattern, in B. villosus, is a light caudal fin, with dark dots irregularly distributed. The third pattern, found in B. melanurus, has the caudal fin completely dark. The coloration pattern is useful for separating species, but apparently does not allow inferences about phylogenetic relationships to be safely made, since this character is widespread in this family.
B. acanthochiroides, the largest species, grows to 80.0 centimetres (31 in) TL. B. melanurus has a maximum length of 13.7 cm (5.39 in) SL. B. raninus reaches a length of 20.0 (7.87 in) SL. B. transmontanus grows to a length of 25.0 cm (9.84 in) TL. B. villosus reaches a length of 14.8 cm (5.83 in) TL.
Ecology
B. transmontanus is recorded to live in rivers. B. raninus commonly occurs in creeks as well as in rivers. It is found in very shady, deep zones of rivers where the current is slow, the bottom is shady, and the gravel is covered with plant debris. During the day, B. raninus lies hidden under branches or rocks. It hunts by stalking, swallowing prey within its range. When young, B. raninus feeds on micro-crustaceans and aquatic insect larvae, then shifts its diet to fishes of notable size.
References
Pseudopimelodidae
Fish of South America
Fish of the Amazon basin
Catfish genera
Taxa named by Theodore Gill
Freshwater fish genera
Chylin Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Monocystidae are a family of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Taxonomy
There are five subfamilies in this family: Monocystinae, Oligochaetocystinae, Rhynchocystinae, Stomatophorinae and Zygocystinae.
History
This family was created by Bütschli in 1882.
Description
The hosts of the species in this family are usually oligochaetes.
The species in this family generally infect the coelom of their hosts.
The gamonts are spherical to cylindrical. The anterior end is little differentiated if at all.
The oocysts are biconical or boat-shaped.
References
Apicomplexa families
Lechosław Michalak (born 22 September 1956) is a Polish former racing cyclist. He won the Tour de Pologne 1977.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
People from Żyrardów
Sportspeople from Masovian Voivodeship
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1555.
Events
unknown dates
The Portuguese humanist writer Achilles Statius relocates to Rome.
Roger Taverner is elected to the Parliament of England.
John Hooker becomes Chamberlain of Exeter.
The Facetious Nights of Straparola, a story collection by the Italian writer Giovanni Francesco Straparola originally published in 1550–1553, appears for the first time in a single volume.
The French humanist Christophe Plantin establishes the Plantin Press in Antwerp.
New books
Prose
Edmund Bonner –
Gjon Buzuku – (first book published in the Albanian language).
John Fisher (posthumously) –
Fracastoro – Naugerius
Iacob Heraclid –
Alonso de Molina –
Olaus Magnus – Historia de Gentibus SeptentrionalibusJacques Peletier du Mans – (The Art of Poetry)
Nicholas Ridley – A Brief Declaration of the Lorde's SupperWilliam Turner – A New Book of Spiritual PhysickGeorg Wickram –
Drama
Étienne Jodelle – Didon se sacrifiantPoetry
Joachim du Bellay – Les RegretsBirths
June 11 – Lodovico Zacconi, Italian theologian and music writer (died 1627)
December 27 – Johann Arndt, German theologian (died 1621)Unknown datesLancelot Andrewes, English scholar and bishop (died 1626)
Richard Carew, English translator and antiquary (died 1620)
John Doddridge, English antiquary, lawyer and writer (died 1628)
Moderata Fonte, Venetian writer and poet (died 1592)
François de Malherbe, French poet, critic and translator (died 1628)
Thomas Watson, English poet writing in English and Latin (died 1592)
Deaths
February 9 – Christian Egenolff, German printer and publisher (born 1502)
April 18 – Polydore Vergil, English Tudor historian (born c. 1470)
July 2 – Girolamo dai Libri, Italian illuminator (born c. 1475)
October 9 – Justus Jonas, Lutheran theologian and hymn-writere (born 1493)Unknown date'' – Petrus Gyllius, French natural scientist and translator (born 1490)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Group D of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament was one of the seven groups to decide the teams which qualified for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations finals tournament. Group D consisted of four teams: Cameroon, Ivory Coast, DR Congo, and Sierra Leone, who played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format.
Standings
Matches
Goalscorers
4 goals:
Vincent Aboubakar
Salomon Kalou
3 goals:
Clinton N'Jie
Jeremy Bokila
2 goals:
Gervinho
Max Gradel
Yaya Touré
Yannick Bolasie
Cédric Mongongu
1 goals:
Léonard Kweuke
Stéphane Mbia
Junior Kabananga
Neeskens Kebano
Ndombe Mubele
Wilfried Bony
Seydou Doumbia
Kolo Touré
Kei Kamara
Moustapha Bangura
Mohamed Kamara
Discipline
Notes
References
External links
Orange Africa Cup Of Nations Qualifiers, CAFonline.com
Group D
qual
Africa
2014 in Sierra Leonean sport
The Road to Damascus (French: Le chemin de Damas) is a 1952 French historical drama film directed by Max Glass and starring Michel Simon, Antoine Balpêtré and Jean-Marc Tennberg. It was shot at the Joinville Studios in Paris. The film's sets were designed by the art director Guy de Gastyne.
Cast
Michel Simon as Caïphe
Antoine Balpêtré as Gamaliel
Jean-Marc Tennberg as Saül de Tarse
Jacques Dufilho as Pierre
Christiane Lénier as Déborah
Line Noro as La mère d'Etienne
François Chaumette as Barnabé
Nathalie Nerval as Magdala
Maurice Teynac as Le Christ
Claude Laydu as Etienne
Georges Vitray as Le chef de la police
Roger Hanin as Un disciple
Charles Vissières as Le vieux
Pierre Palau
Paul Demange
Françoise Goléa
Guy Mairesse
Rivers Cadet
Pierre Moncorbier
Alexandre Mihalesco
References
Bibliography
Hayward, Susan. French Costume Drama of the 1950s: Fashioning Politics in Film. Intellect Books, 2010.
Magerstädt, Sylvie. Philosophy, Myth and Epic Cinema: Beyond Mere Illusions. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
External links
1952 films
1950s French-language films
1952 drama films
French drama films
Films directed by Max Glass
Films shot at Joinville Studios
1950s French films
Pietro Gaetani (died 1500) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi (1476–1500).
On 31 May 1476, Pietro Gaetani was appointed during the papacy of Pope Sixtus IV as Bishop of Fondi.
He served as Bishop of Fondi until his death in 1500.
References
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Sixtus IV
1500 deaths
Lobites is a fossil genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Lobites granulatus Tillyard & Dunstan, 1923
Lobites trivittatus Tillyard & Dunstan, 1923
Lobites tuberculatus Tillyard & Dunstan, 1923
References
Buprestidae genera
Prehistoric beetle genera
Wellington Free Ambulance (WFA), also known simply as Wellington Free, is a charitable organisation providing free to the patient ambulance services in the Greater Wellington Region of New Zealand.
History
The Wellington Free Ambulance service was inaugurated on 9 November 1927 by the mayor of Wellington, Sir Charles Norwood. The catalyst for establishing a free ambulance service for the Wellington community came from the frustration of seeing an injured man lying on the road, and no hospital ambulance being available.
The service began operating from the Old Navals boatshed, which later became the Wellington Rowing Club clubhouse. The original station building soon proved to be less than desirable and in 1932, Lord Bledisloe laid the foundation stone on a purpose built station in Cable Street.
Wellington Free expanded, and in 1956 the first station to be built out of Wellington City was established in Lower Hutt, followed by stations in Upper Hutt (1961), and Porirua (1963). The Kapiti Coast got its ambulance station in 1977, the same year a station was established in Newtown.
By the early 1990s, Wellington Free had outgrown its Cable St building. After a major fundraising effort, in 1994 Prince Charles opened a replacement station in Davis Street, Thorndon, which still operates as the service's headquarters today.
Bases were established in Waikanae and Wainuiomata in 1999, a replacement Porirua Station building opened in October 2000, followed by the Linkspan Response Post on the Wellington Waterfront in November 2008, and the Johnsonville Station in May 2010.
In March 2011, after a concerted fundraising and significant contribution by the Wellington Free Ambulance Trust, the Newtown Regional Ambulance Station was opened in the new Wellington Hospital grounds. In March 2012, after winning a Government tender to outsource the last DHB run ambulance service in the Wairarapa, Wellington Free Ambulance became the ambulance service in for the region.
Operations
The service annually assists nearly 74,000 patients in the Greater Wellington Region. The headquarters includes vehicle maintenance facilities, and a communications centre - one of three in the national network.
Funding
The cost of running the service in 2013 was $21M. 80% of this cost is met by the Ministry of Health and the Accident Compensation Corporation. The remainder comes from donations and bequests from the public, proceeds from first aid training and supplies, and medical alarms.
Resources
the service has the following resources:
10 ambulance stations
25 ambulances
3 emergency fast response vehicles
2 4WD rescue vehicles
17 patient transport vehicles
6 events ambulances
2 Urgent Community Care vehicles
1 major incident response truck
2 major incident response trailers
References
External links
Official website
Youtube WFA responding to a call
1927 in New Zealand
1927 establishments in New Zealand
Ambulance services in New Zealand
Organisations based in Wellington
Emergency services in New Zealand
Al-Marashidah () is a Syrian town located in Abu Kamal District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Al-Marashidah had a population of 4,346 in the 2004 census.
The town fell under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in early 2014 during the Syrian Civil War. By 24 January 2019, Al-Marashidah was one of the final remaining Syrian settlements under control of the Islamic State, with the Syrian Democratic Forces fighting for control of the town. On the next day, ISIL carried out numerous suicide attacks on the SDF, in an attempt to break the siege, allowing them to recapture parts of Al-Baghuz Fawqani, to the south. On 7 February 2019, the SDF captured Al-Marashidah and other nearby areas from ISIL, completely besieging ISIL in the town of Al-Baghuz Fawqani.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
New Urban Entertainment Television (NUE-TV) was an American cable network targeted toward African-American audiences. It was a direct competitor to Black Entertainment Television (BET), but was aiming for a more mature audience with more news. It operated between July 17, 2000 and October 31, 2002 and reached close to 3 million subscribers. In 2003, it was permanently shut down due to financial difficulties. A big investor was Radio One and many employees came from BET.
See also
Black Entertainment Television
Urban One
Black Family Channel (formerly MBC)
References
Defunct television networks in the United States
Television channels and stations established in 2000
Ziridava rubridisca is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in southern India and Sri Lanka.
References
Moths described in 1891
Eupitheciini
Pyotr Nikolayevich Gorlov (; 11 May 1839 in Irkutsk, Irkutsk Governorate, Russian Empire – 20 November 1915) was a geologist and engineer who explored coal deposits in the Donets Basin, the Caucasus, Central Asia and Ussuri Krai. He founded the city of Horlivka; the city has a monument in honor of him.
References
External links
Article with picture of the monument
1839 births
1915 deaths
Deaths from pneumonia in Russia
Engineers from the Russian Empire
Geologists from the Russian Empire
People from Irkutsk
People from Irkutsk Governorate
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 2nd class
Russian city founders
Saint Petersburg Mining University alumni
Sheram (born Grigor Talian, 20 March 1857, Alexandropol – died 7 March 1938, Yerevan) was an Armenian composer, poet-musician (gusan), and folk musician (ashug).
He is known as the founder of the modern gusan (Armenian popular composing) art. He created melodies and songs that are popular to this day:
"The Roses Blossom in the Garden"
"I Beg You, Mountains"
"She is Graceful"
"You are my Muse"
"Undefeated Fairy"
"We are Brothers"
He authored "Like an Eagle", a song dedicated to Armenian national hero Andranik Ozanian. According to Vazgen I, Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos of All Armenians, this song is "one of the most popular and loved songs today", and it is "sung in family circles, at receptions, and on other occasions in Armenia".
A selection of Sheram's works was published in 1959.
References
External links
Biography
1857 births
1938 deaths
Musicians from Yerevan
Armenian male poets
Rick Santos (born May 8, 1959) is a retired American drag racer known for winning five consecutive NHRA championships in the Top Alcohol Dragster category from 1997-2001.
Santos, who at age 24 had driven nothing faster than a Chevrolet Vega, began driving his father George's small-block-Chevy-powered Top Alcohol Dragster in 1984. His first win was at the 1986 Winternationals. In 1991, Santos won both the Winternationals and the NHRA Finals. Santos scored three wins in 1993, included at the prestigious U.S. Nationals. Santos' car at the time was popular with fans because his small-block Chevy combination was competitive in a class dominated by Hemi engines. The Santos family parked their car prior to the 1996 season due to rule changes that would require them to add 120 pounds to their car and thus take away their competitive edge.
Santos began driving for Jack O'Bannon Racing in 1996. O'Bannon's team had switched from boat racing to NHRA and retained crew chief Norm Grimes. The team hit the ground running and won five consecutive championships between 1997 and 2001. Santos and O'Bannon cut their racing schedule down to just three races in 2002, and Santos retired from driving at the end of that season.
Santos retired with 36 national event wins, 38 division wins, five NHRA championships, and 7 division championships. Santos operates S&S Automotive in San Leandro, California, and spends time with wife Kelly and sons Kyle and Nick.
References
NHRA: Rick Santos and the Oakwood Homes Team Have Success Through Teamwork; May 27, 1999, Retrieved December 20, 2007
Pomona Rick Santos Preview; November 11, 1998, Retrieved December 20, 2007
Dallas Rick Santos Fall Preview; October 13, 1998, Retrieved December 20, 2007
Santos' 5.39 proves he's ready for Pomona; 1999; Retrieved December 20, 2007
1959 births
Living people
Dragster drivers
American racing drivers
WHVP may stand for:
Wedged hepatic vein pressure
WHVP (FM), a radio station in Hudson, New York
Dora Lilian Tulloch (5 November 1878 – 30 December 1945) was an English stage performer, actor and playwright known as Dora Tulloch, Dora Senior and Dora Clement Salaman. She appeared in the 1899 film King John, adapted by Herbert Beerbohm Tree, the first film adaptation of a Shakespeare play.
Early life
Dora Tulloch was born in Maida Vale, Middlesex, London, the daughter of Conrad William A. Tulloch and Kate Wentworth Tulloch. Her father was a chartered accountant born in India. Her sisters Edith, Olive, Ada, and Beryl were also performers.
Career
As a girl "still in the period of loose hair and comparatively short frocks", Tulloch recited poetry in performances with her sisters, especially Edith. An 1892 review referred to her as "most interesting" and "a very clever child". In 1895 she was a speaker on the program for the Proms. Stage appearances by Tulloch included roles in The Little Minister (1898), King John (1899), and The Weavers (1901). She was billed as "Dora Senior" when she played Prince Henry in a short silent film version of King John in 1899, directed by and starring Herbert Beerbohm Tree; this was the first film adaptation of a Shakespeare play.
After she left the London stage, Dora Salaman continued working in theatre as a playwright, founder and director of the Roadwater Players, and as a judge in theatrical competitions. Published works by Salaman included The Lesson (1928), The Tale of a Cat, and Other Plays (1931), The Haunted Road, or Dead Woman's Ditch (1931), Flood Time (1936), A Pottle o' Brains (1938), Son for the Sea (1938), The Three Sillies (1939), and Always a Prisoner (1939).
Personal life
Dora Tulloch married Clement Isaac Salaman in 1901 and retired from acting. She had five children: Barbara, Bettie, Adam, Sebastian, and Oliver. She was widowed in 1935, lost her son Adam in World War II in 1942, and she died in 1945, in Treborough, Somerset, aged 67 years.
Her grandson Clement Salaman (1932–2018) was a translator and expert on philosopher Marsilio Ficino. Her nieces included actress Merula Salaman (1914–2000), wife of Sir Alec Guinness.
References
External links
1878 births
1945 deaths
People from Maida Vale
English stage actresses
English silent film actresses
20th-century English actresses
English women dramatists and playwrights
Bandwidth smearing is a chromatic aberration of the reconstructed image of a celestial body observed by an astronomical interferometer that occurs because of the frequency bandwidth. In Fourier terms, the different frequencies of the bandwidth probe different spatial frequencies which results in a reconstruct map containing elongated radial features.
It is overcome by going to higher spectral resolutions or, in radioastronomy, by using different centres of phase for image reconstruction.
References
Bridle, Alan H. and Schwab, Frederic R., Wide Field Imaging I: Bandwidth and Time-Average Smearing in Synthesis imaging in radio astronomy (1989), eds. Richard A. Perley, Frederic R. Schwab, Astronomical Society of the Pacific Conference Series, vol. 6, , p. 247.
Interferometry
Frank Millier-Smith was a former Australian professional soccer player who played as a forward and was an international player for the Australia national soccer team in 1924.
International career
Millier-Smith began his international career in an outside left position with Australia in June 1924 on their historic tour against Canada, debuting in a 3–2 win over Canada He played his second and last match for Australia in a 1–0 win over Canada.
Career statistics
International
References
Australian soccer players
Association football forwards
Australia international soccer players
1889 births
Year of death missing
Lee County is the southernmost county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 33,555. The county seats are Fort Madison and Keokuk. Lee County is part of the Fort Madison–Keokuk, IA-IL-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Fort Madison dates to the War of 1812. Lee County was the location of the Half-Breed Tract, established by treaty in 1824. Allocations of land were made to American Indian descendants of European fathers and Indian mothers at this tract. Originally the land was to be held in common. Some who had an allocation lived in cities, where they hoped to make better livings.
Lee County as a named entity was formed on December 7, 1836, under the jurisdiction of Wisconsin Territory. It would become a part of Iowa Territory when it was formed on July 4, 1838. Large-scale European-American settlement in the area began in 1839, after Congress allowed owners to sell land individually. Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) under the direction of Brigham Young fled persecutions in Missouri to settle in Illinois and Iowa. Nauvoo, across the border in Hancock County, Illinois, became the main center of Latter-day Saints settlement, but there was also a Latter Day Saints stake organized in Lee County under the direction of John Smith, the uncle of Joseph Smith, land that was sold to them by Isaac Galland in 1839.
Lee has two county seats — Fort Madison and Keokuk. The latter was established in 1847 when disagreements led to a second court jurisdiction.
Lee County's population grew to about 19,000 in 1850, the first US census, to 37,000 per the 3rd census in 1870, peaking at 44,000 people in 1960. It has continuously decreased since and as of 2020, 33,555 people lived there, comparable to the years between 1860 and 1870.
Name
There is no agreement about the derivation of the name "Lee." It has been variously proposed that the county was named for Marsh, Delevan & Lee, of Albany, New York, and the 'New York Land Company', who owned extensive interests in the Half-Breed Tract in the 1830s; Robert E. Lee, who surveyed the Des Moines Rapids; or Albert Lea, who helped explore the interior of Iowa.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.0%) is water. The lowest point in the state of Iowa is located on the Mississippi River in Keokuk in Lee County, where it flows out of Iowa and into Missouri and Illinois.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 61
U.S. Highway 136
U.S. Highway 218
Iowa Highway 2
Iowa Highway 16
Iowa Highway 27
Adjacent counties
Henry County (north)
Des Moines County (northeast)
Henderson County, Illinois (across the river east)
Hancock County, Illinois (southeast)
Clark County, Missouri (southwest)
Van Buren County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 33,555 in the county, with a population density of . 94.67% of the population reported being of one race. There were 15,858 housing units, of which 14,036 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 35,862 with a population density of . There were 16,205 housing units, of which only 14,610 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 38,052 people, 15,161 households, and 10,248 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 16,612 housing units at an average density of 32 per square mile (12/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.24% White, 2.80% Black or African American, 0.26% Native American, 0.39% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 1.03% from other races, and 1.21% from two or more races. 2.37% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 15,161 households, out of which 30.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.70% were married couples living together, 10.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.40% were non-families. 28.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.40% under the age of 18, 7.80% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 24.60% from 45 to 64, and 16.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,193, and the median income for a family was $42,658. Males had a median income of $32,286 versus $21,821 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,430. About 7.10% of families and 9.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.60% of those under age 18 and 9.60% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Donnellson
Fort Madison
Franklin
Houghton
Keokuk
Montrose
St. Paul
West Point
Census-designated places
Argyle
Denmark
Mooar
Sandusky
Wever
Other unincorporated communities
Charleston
Croton
New Boston
Pilot Grove
Townships
Cedar
Charleston
Denmark
Des Moines
Franklin
Green Bay
Harrison
Jackson
Jefferson
Madison
Marion
Montrose
Pleasant Ridge
Van Buren
Washington
West Point
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Lee County.
† county seat
Notable people
Cleng Peerson (1783–1865), pioneer settler in Lee County in 1840
Richard Proenneke (1916–2003), naturalist, subject of books and documentary
William Elliott Whitmore (born 1978), singer and songwriter
Politics
In recent presidential elections, Lee County had a strong Democratic lean, voting for the party's candidate in every election from 1984 to 2012. In 2016 however, the county swung hard to vote for Republican Donald Trump by a wide margin, a swing of over 31 points compared to 2012.
Education
School districts include:
Central Lee Community School District
Fort Madison Community School District
Keokuk Community School District
Mount Pleasant Community School District
Van Buren County Community School District
Former school districts:
Harmony Community School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County, Iowa
Lee County Courthouse in use in Fort Madison, original and oldest courthouse
Lee County Courthouse in use in Keokuk, originally a Federal courthouse and post office
References
External links
Lee County government's website
1836 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Fort Madison–Keokuk, IA-IL-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area
Iowa counties on the Mississippi River
Populated places established in 1836
Popławy may refer to the following places:
Popławy, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Popławy, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Popławy, Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Popławy, Łęczna County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Popławy, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Dewaar: The Best of Junoon is the third compilation album and the fourteenth overall album released by Pakistani rock band, Junoon. The album is produced by the band vocalist and lead guitarist, Salman Ahmad.
"Garaj Baras" was the soundtrack of the Bollywood movie, Paap and "Azadi" was the soundtrack of the movie based on Pakistan founder, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, Jinnah the Movie.
Track listing
All music written and composed by Ali Azmat, Salman Ahmad and Sabir Zafar, those which are not are mentioned below.
Personnel
All information is taken from the CD.
Junoon
Salman Ahmad - vocals, lead guitar
Ali Azmat - vocals, backing vocals
Brian O'Connell - bass guitar, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Vocals on "Azadi" by Samina Ahmad
Vocals on "Piya" by Morten Harket
Orchestral arrangements by Paul Schwartz
Production
Produced by Salman Ahmad
Mastered by Gus Shaw & Brian O'Connell
References
External links
Junoon's Official Website
2004 greatest hits albums
Junoon (band) compilation albums
Urdu-language albums
The Hunt class is a class of thirteen mine countermeasure vessels of the Royal Navy. As built, they combined the separate roles of the traditional minesweeper and that of the active minehunter in one hull, but later modifications saw the removal of mine-sweeping equipment. They have a secondary role as offshore patrol vessels.
Development
Upon introduction in the early 1980s they were the largest warships ever built out of glass-reinforced plastic and were the last in operation to use the Napier Deltic diesel engine. All were built by Vosper Thornycroft in Woolston except and , which were built by Yarrow Shipbuilders Limited on the River Clyde. was the last ship of the class launched.
Following the sale of and to the Greek Navy, the sale of and to the Lithuanian Navy and the decommissioning of , a contract to re-engine the remaining eight vessels was signed by BAE Systems in 2008, whereby the existing 30-year old Napier Deltic 9-59K power units were replaced by Caterpillar CAT C32 engines, together with new gearboxes, bow thrusters, propellers and control systems, in a six year refurbishment programme that was completed in 2018.
The capabilities of the remaining eight vessels of the Hunt class have been significantly enhanced by the installation of Sonar Type 2193 and the NAUTIS 3 command system. The performance of Sonar 2193 exceeds that of any other mine hunting sonar in service in the world today and is capable of detecting and classifying an object the size of a football at a distance of up to . In late 2007 Chiddingfold used the Seafox drone, the Royal Navy's mine disposal system, during Exercise Neptune Warrior off Scotland. Seafox is described by the MOD as a "state of the art fire and forget system, capable of destroying mines in depths of up to 300 metres".
The 2021 defence white paper announced that all the Hunt-class vessels would be retired from Royal Navy service in the 2020s and replaced by automated systems. It was subsequently indicated that the withdrawal would occur in the 2029 to 2031 period.
Ships in the class
All 13 ships of this class re-used names from the World War II . Four of the names had also been used for World War I s: these were HMS Bicester, Cattistock, Cottesmore and Quorn. had been a paddlewheel minesweeper in 1916, and was a coaster taken up from trade in 1916.
See also
Sandown-class minehunter
References
External links
Patrol vessels of the United Kingdom
Mine warfare vessel classes
Napier Deltic
Ship classes of the Royal Navy
Gołąb (meaning "dove") may refer to:
Gołąb (surname)
Gołąb, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Gołąb, Lubartów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Gołąb, Puławy County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Battle of Gołąb, between Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and Swedish Empire
See also
Golomb
Gołąbki
Hodžovo námestie (, locally referred to as Hodžko or Mierko) is a major square in Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia. The square is located at the edge of Old Town, in front of the Slovak Presidential Palace, some 5 minutes walking distance from the historical city center. It is considered to be the center of Bratislava (although Main Square is also considered to be the center) and it is the place of almost all of the foreign states visits.
A fountain called Earth — planet of peace is the centerpiece of the square, serving as one of the most common meeting points in the city. There is a vehicle underpass under this square as well as an underpass for pedestrians with shops and fast-food built in the 1970s (renovated sometime in the 21st century). Landmarks on this square include the Rococo/late Baroque Grassalkovich Palace from the 18th century and former Hotel Forum, an example of post-modern architecture in Bratislava. Hodžovo Square serves as an important public transport hub in the city. At the beginning of the 21st century new construction dramatically changed the look of this historical square.
Name
The square is currently named after a Slovak priest and politician Michal Miloslav Hodža. During communist era the square was called Mierové námestie.
Notable features
Buildings around the square
Grassalkovich Palace
The building is a Rococo/late Baroque summer palace with a French garden. It was built in 1760 for Count Antal Grassalkovich, a Hungarian noble serving as the head of the Hungarian Chamber (a sort of ministry of economy and finance for the Kingdom of Hungary), by architect Anton Mayerhofer. It features many beautiful rooms and an impressive staircase.
The building became a center of Baroque musical life in Pozsony (Pressburg) and an important part of social life in the city as well. During the 1939–1945 period, the palace was the seat of the clero-fascist president of the First Slovak Republic Jozef Tiso.
During the Communist era, it was first (after 1945) the seat of the Council of Commissioners, then in 1950, the building was turned into the "Klement Gottwald House of Pioneers and Youth" (Dom pionierov a mládeže Klementa Gottwalda), which was an activity center for Bratislava's schoolchildren called pioneers at that time. After its reconstruction in the early 1990s, on 30 September 1996 the palace became the residence of Slovakia's president. Its once-large gardens are now a public park.
Astoria Palace
Astoria Palace has 7 floors above ground and it includes mostly administrative (office) space, its main tenant being Ernst & Young. It includes a public pedestrian path on the ground floor connecting Palisády Street with Panenská Street with Staromestská Street and it also contains a heavily used public transport bus stop and entrance into the pedestrian underpass below Hodžovo Square.
The structure was planned since 1993 and its construction was delayed several times. The building had to include the entrance to the underpass under the square and coincide with its renovation. The building's investor was I.P.R. Slovakia, a Slovak-Cypriot company. Construction started in October 2004, when traffic restrictions took place in the form of blocking the rightmost driving lane at the square (coming from Štefánikova Street), blocking the major busy street for an astonishing 3 years, until August 2007. The building was completed in 2008, but without finishing the pedestrian underpass. Reconstruction of the underpass was carried out by the Astoria Passage company, a sister company of the Astoria Palace building investor, to which the underpass was rented out for 10 years. After the long delayed opening of the underpass, it was found out that the escalator was making loud noises. Moreover, the underpass remained much the same as when built under socialist realism, with one exception being a significant reduction of space to make more room for small shops. This also meant that there was still no escalator leading to the Presidential Palace and the whole underpass remained off limits to the handicapped, although special platform elevators for the handicapped have later been installed in November 2009.
In place of the building, there was formerly the square itself, meaning mostly empty space consisting of a busy bus stop. In the upper part of the space, there was the entrance to the pedestrian underpass and air conditioning vents blowing hot air in the winter, allowing for people to get some warmth when waiting for their evening or night buses. The area also contained benches to sit while waiting for the bus and constituted a logical ending of the square from its side. Because of this structure, the bus stop shrunk several times and it is now prone to draft, as cold wind sometimes blows through the narrow passages of the Astoria Palace ground floor.
Tatracentrum
Project by Ľubomír Závodný, Matej Siebert, Radomil Kachlík, Peter Vavrica in 1999–2001 Construction started in November 1999 and finished in December 2001. Total occupied space is 3647 meters squared. The building has 8 floors above ground and it includes 343 parking spaces (127 restricted and 216 accessible to the public). The building serves as the headquarters of Slovak bank Tatra banka. The ground floor includes a small shopping gallery and a supermarket, the first underground floor features cafes and restaurants.
After its construction, the building is considered to have changed the square drastically. Even years after its construction, when all of the space around the square has been used, the Tatracentrum building dominates the Hodžovo Square. The structure's aesthetics is also considered unpleasant and unsuited for its location in the historical center of Bratislava. Consequently, the building is hated by many inhabitants of the Slovak capital. Upper floors of the building offer unique views of the square, but except for the ground floor and underground floors, the building is inaccessible to the public.
Former hotel forum
This post-modern hotel building was finished in 1989. The project is by Julián Hauskrecht and others (Boris Džadoň, Štefan Ďurkovič, Juraj Herman, Dušan Krepop, Ján Poláček, Pavol Suchánek) with additional input into the interior design by Alain Marcot and Slobodanka Dragovičová.
The building is U shaped, its main entrance is situated towards the square, the hotel parter is facing Poštová Street and a small square (forum) is facing Obchodná Street.
In 2004, the building was sold by the Slovak republic to the Dutch company Myria Assets for 425 million Slovak crowns. Today, the hotel is called Crowne Plaza.
Future construction
After the building of Astoria Palace, the last place on the square where a structure can be placed is the trolleybus stop next to Tatracentrum, more specifically its extension over the pedestrian underpass mouth towards Poštová Street. Since its construction, the space contained benches to sit while waiting for a trolleybus and some greenery. Except for additional sitting space, it was used by citizens of Bratislava to disperse a little bit at an often crowded public transport stop and it allowed for pleasant views over the busy Poštová Street.
In 2006 a company named Alto Invest was supposed to start construction here. The Old Town construction office postponed the construction permission until December 31, 2011. Plans were changed several times. Currently, the building should have 3 floors. The whole area was fenced and access was prohibited to the public since mid-2010. However, the construction has not started yet.
Despite running out of space around the square, head architect of Bratislava Štefan Šlachta is the proponent of another building placed directly inside the small square at the place of trolleybus stop opposite Tatracentrum. The building should be a little smaller than Grassalkovich Palace. There are no current plans to construct this building.
Access
The square serves as an important public transport hub in Bratislava. Both buses, night buses and trolleybuses stop here.
References
External links
Old Town, Bratislava
Squares in Bratislava
Transport in Bratislava
"Real Love" is a song by R&B band Skyy, released in late 1989 from their Start of a Romance album. It spent one week at number one on the R&B singles chart in 1990, and was the second consecutive R&B chart-topper off the album. "Real Love" also charted on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number forty-seven.
See also
R&B number-one hits of 1990 (USA)
References
1990 singles
Skyy (band) songs
1989 songs
Port Paterson is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located on the east coast of Spencer Gulf at the gulf's northern end about north of the state capital of Adelaide and about south of the centre of Port Augusta.
Its boundaries were created in August 1993 over land that was “originally a private subdivision of section 540” in the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Davenport. Its name is reported as being derived from “James Pat(t)erson” who is described as an “early pastoralist”. Port Paterson is bounded by the coastline to the west and by the Augusta Highway to the east and includes the former power generation facilities that burned coal mined at Leigh Creek - Playford A, Playford B and Northern Power Station.
As of 2015, the majority land use within the locality was industry which was associated with the former power stations. Other uses include primary sector industry (a large solar-powered greenhouse owned by Sundrop Farms), residential and conservation which concerns the strip of land immediately adjoining the coastline except for that used for the former power stations.
Port Paterson is located within the federal division of Grey, the state electoral district of Stuart and the local government area of the City of Port Augusta.
References
Towns in South Australia
Far North (South Australia)
Spencer Gulf
Laukkaing Township () is a township located within Laukkaing District, Shan State, Myanmar. It is also part of the Kokang Self-Administered Zone. The principal town is Laukkai a.k.a. Laukkaing.
Geography
Laukkaing shares a border with Kongyan Township in the north, with the People's Republic of China in the north and east, with Kunlong Township in the south and with Kutkai Township in the west. It has 31 border posts, and is situated at above sea level. Few plains can be seen in Laukkai, Mangtonpa, Yanlongkyaing, Pasinkyaw and Namhuhtan. The remaining area is mountainous and from 3,000 to above sea level. The total area is and the population is over 70,000.
Rubber, lychee, mango, walnut and pear are grown in the area as poppy substitutes. Sugarcane, pineapple, corn, buckwheat, soybean and various vegetables are also grown.
There are 4 high schools and 17 primary schools. There is a 50 bedded hospital.
Further reading
Topo Map of Kokang Self-Administered Zone - Mimu
Shan (North) State, Myanmar - Mimu
Laukkaing Township - Shan State - Mimu
References
Townships of Shan State
Moritz Frederick Stehling (born May 25, 1987 in Bonn) is a German professional footballer, who plays in the RFCU Kelmis.
Career
The goalkeeper played for Alemannia Aachen, Roda JC, Union La Calamine, Fortuna Sittard and in the Estonian Meistriliiga, for JK Tammeka Tartu.
Club career
Statistics
References
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bonn
German footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
German expatriates in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Estonia
German expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Meistriliiga players
Tartu JK Tammeka players
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Voyage data recorder, or VDR, is a data recording system designed for all vessels required to comply with the IMO's International Convention SOLAS Requirements (IMO Res.A.861(20)) in order to collect data from various sensors on board the vessel. It then digitizes, compresses and stores this information in an externally mounted protective storage unit. The protective storage unit is a tamper-proof unit designed to withstand the extreme shock, impact, pressure and heat, which could be associated with a marine incident (fire, explosion, collision, sinking, etc.).
Passenger ships and ships other than passenger ships of 3000 gross tonnage and upwards constructed on or after 1 July 2002 must carry voyage data recorders (VDRs) to assist in accident investigations, under regulations adopted in 2000, which entered into force on 1 July 2002.
The protective storage unit may be in a retrievable fixed unit or free float unit (or combined with EPIRB) when the ship sinks in a marine accident. The last 12 hours (48 Hours for the 2014 regulations MSC.333(90)) of stored data in the protected unit can be recovered and replayed by the authorities or shipowners for incident investigation. Besides the protective storage unit, the VDR system may consist of a recording control unit and a data acquisition unit, which are connected to various equipment and sensors on board a ship. The new MSC.333(90) regulations also state a minimum of 30 days of recorded data must be held internally (this could be within the recording control unit, data acquisition unit, Main Electronics Unit depending on the manufacturers terminology).
Although the primary purpose of the VDR is for accident investigation after the fact, there can be other uses of recorded data for preventive maintenance, performance efficiency monitoring, heavy weather damage analysis, accident avoidance and training purposes to improve safety and reduce running costs.
Simplified voyage data recorder (S-VDR), as defined by the requirements of IMO Performance Standard MSC.163(78), is a lower cost simplified version VDR for small ships with only basic ship's data recorded.
Voyage data
The information recorded in the unit(s) (sometimes also called the ship's black box) may include the following information:
Position, date, time using GPS
Speed log – Speed through water or speed over ground
Gyro compass – Heading
Radar* – As displayed or AIS data if no off-the-shelf converter available for the Radar video
ECDIS* – A screen capture every 15 seconds and a list of navigational charts in use every 10 minutes or when a chart change occurs
Audio from the bridge, including bridge wings
VHF radio communications
Echo sounder* – Depth under keel
Main alarms* – All IMO mandatory alarms
Hull openings* – Status of hull doors as indicated on the bridge
Watertight & fire doors* status as indicated on the bridge
Hull stress* – Accelerations and hull stresses
Rudder* – Order and feedback response
Engine/Propeller* – Order and feedback response
Thrusters* – Status, direction, amount of thrust % or RPM
Anemometer and weather vane* – Wind speed and direction
Data marked with * may not be recorded in S-VDR, except Radar and Echo Sounder if data and standard interfaces available.
See also
Event data recorder
Emergency position-indicating radiobeacon station (EPIRB)
Emergency locator beacon
Flight recorder
References
External links
IMO Voyage data recorders
Navigational equipment
Recording devices
Corn kernels are the fruits of corn (called maize in many countries). Maize is a grain, and the kernels are used in cooking as a vegetable or a source of starch. The kernel comprise endosperm, germ, pericarp, and tip cap.
One ear of corn contains roughly 800 kernels in 16 rows. Corn kernels are readily available in bulk throughout maize-producing areas. They have a number of uses, including food and biofuel. Corn consists of the husk and the silk, often mistaken for the husk.
Description
Corn kernels are the fruits of maize. Maize is a grain, and the kernels are used in cooking as a vegetable or a source of starch. The kernels can be of various colors: blackish, bluish-gray, purple, green, red, white and yellow. One ear of corn contains roughly 800 kernels in 16 rows. One hundred bushels of corn can contain upwards of 7,280,000 kernels. Transportation and packaging of dried clean corn kernels to non-producing areas adds to the cost.
Parts
The kernel of maize consists of a pericarp (fruit wall) fused to the seed coat. This type of fruit is typical of the grasses and is called a caryopsis. Maize kernels are frequently and incorrectly referred to as seeds. The kernels are about the size of peas, and adhere in regular rows round a white, pithy substance, which forms the ear.
Endosperm
About 82 percent of the corn kernel's dry weight consists of endosperm. Starch is the primary source and it most widely used part of the kernel. It is known as the key component in fuel, sweeteners, bioplastics and other products.
Germ
The germ is the only living part of the corn kernel, also called its embryo. It consists of the important genetic information, vitamins, enzymes and minerals for the plant to grow. The germ accounts for 25 percent of the corn oils and it is a valuable part of the kernel.
Pericarp
The pericarp is the outer covering that protects the kernel and helps to maintain the kernel's nutrient value and moisture content. It is about 91% fiber. If the kernels are wet-milled, most of the pericarp will end up in the corn gluten feed.
Tip cap
The tip cap is the attachment point of the kernel to the corn cob, where the nutrient and water flow, and this is the only part that not covered by the pericarp. It contains fiber.
Use
Corn kernels have a number of uses, including food, biofuel, and bioplastics.
Food
Corn is a popular food throughout the world in many forms. It is used in breakfast cereals in the Western world (as corn flakes) and it is a grain that can be eaten raw off the cob, although it is usually preferred cooked. It may be fed to animals or humans. In the United States, for economic reasons such as government subsidies, corn is the basis of many products, in the form of high fructose corn syrup, in favor of cane sugar. A genetic variant that accumulates more sugar and less starch in the ear is consumed as a vegetable and is called sweet corn.
When ground into flour, maize yields more flour, with much less bran, than wheat does. It lacks the protein gluten of wheat and, therefore, makes baked goods with poor rising capability.
It is also used in popcorn, a common snack in the US.
Biofuel
Corn kernels are used as pelletized fuel for pellet stoves and furnaces. Corn kernels are a natural pellet, which gives them an economic advantage over other man-made biomass pellets and wood pellets.
The use of corn and other grains as a renewable biofuel may have environmental and cost benefits, compared to other energy sources, and may create additional forms of revenue for farmers and other economic industries. However, the use of corn as a fuel stock may increase the price of corn and have adverse effects on corn as a food stock. In the United States, 5.6 million bushels of corn were used for ethanol production out of 14.6 million bushels produced, according to preliminary 2018 USDA data. According to the U.S. Department of Energy's Alternative Fuels Data Center, "The increased ethanol [production] seems to have come from the increase in overall corn production and a small decrease in corn used for animal feed and other residual uses. The amount of corn used for other uses, including human consumption, has stayed fairly consistent from year to year."
This does not prove there was not an impact on food supplies: Since U.S. corn production doubled (approximately) between 1987 and 2018, it is probable that some cropland previously used to grow other food crops is now used to grow corn. It is also possible or probable that some marginal land has been converted or returned to agricultural use. That may have negative environmental impacts. Part of the production increase is also due to higher yields. Achieving higher yields may entail greater use of irrigation, fertilizers, and controversial herbicides.
See also
Biofuel
Corn wet-milling
References
Maize
Johan Axel Gustaf Törneman (28 October 1880 – 26 December 1925) was one of Sweden's earliest modernist painters. Born in Persberg, Värmland, in Sweden, he grew to work in several modernist styles, was one of the first Swedish expressionist artists, and became a part of the international avant-garde in art after embracing more abstract art styles in Germany and France that were evolving there during the early 1900s. He created his most famous paintings, Night Café I and II, and Trait, in France in 1905. These night café paintings, made from studies in the Place Pigalle, and in other nightclubs popular with artists such as Café du Rat Mort (Dead Rat Café), are seen as two of Swedish modernism's most important works, and are considered breakthrough work of Swedish modernism.
Törneman gained international stature in 1905 at the Salon d'Automne in Paris with Trait I, and with his Narragansett Café in 1906. He went on to paint murals and decorations in public buildings such as the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH) and Stockholm City Hall, and other Stockholm buildings such as Norra Latin, Ragnar Östberg's Östermalms läroverkl, and the second chamber in the Parliament House. Törneman's paintings were recognized with a gold medal at the U.S. Panama–Pacific International Exposition, in San Francisco in 1915. Törneman died in Stockholm at age 45 after only a further decade of creative work.
Education, travel, and early work
Johan Axel Gustaf Törneman was born on 28 October 1880 in Persberg, Värmland Sweden, the son of John Algot Törneman, an engineer at an explosives factory; his grandmother was the cookbook author Gustafva Bjorklund.
Törneman studied at Värmland School of Art in Göteborg in 1899 under Carl Wilhelmson, then toured the Nordic lands for a short while before traveling to study on the European continent in the years 1900–1905. In Europe, he first studied at the Kunstakademie München (now the Akademie der Bildenden Künste München), then went to Dachau to study under Adolf Hölzel. In Munich he was influenced by the Art Nouveau movement and symbolism, Arnold Böcklin, Franz Stuck, and others.
Törneman grew to work in several modernist styles, was one of the first Swedish expressionist artists, and became a part of the international avant-garde in art after having embraced the then-new, more abstract art style in Germany and France during the early 1900s.
Career in France and Sweden
After leaving Germany, Törneman was active in Paris for four years, and also in the Breton village of Coudeville, Brittany. In Paris he studied at the Académie Julian, where after seeing van Gogh's and Gauguin's work, he brightened his palette. During his time in Paris, Törneman's friends were able to locate him by following the sketches he left in Paris cafés.
Törneman had a small studio in Paris at 7 rue de Bagneux. His night café paintings, based on studies in Place Pigalle, and a Paris nightclub popular with artists, Café du Rat Mort (Dead Rat Café), are two of Swedish modernism's most important works, though Törneman was less influenced by the French modernists than by the Germans. Three of these, his most famous paintings, Night Café I and II, and Trait, he painted in 1905 while in France. Törneman gained international stature in that same year, in the Salon d'Automne in Paris, for Trait I, and for Narragansett Café in 1906.
Returning from the continent, he moved to Stockholm, to Katarinavägen, next door to the studio of main competitor and critic of his work, Isaac Grünewald. Although another of his studios (on Södermalm in Stockholm) was in the same building as the sculptor and fellow Värmlander Christian Eriksson, he did not work with Eriksson's group at the Rackstad colony in Arvika. Some of Törneman's contemporaries included Sigrid Hjertén (1885–1948), Gösta Von Hennigs (1866–1941) and Leander Engström (1886–1927).
Törneman was recognized with a gold medal at the U.S. Panama–Pacific International Exposition, in San Francisco in 1915. Törneman traveled intermittently in relation to his art (e.g., in 1912, to Venice), and toward the end of his life, he largely abandoned his early dark palette, and instead worked almost entirely in the brighter colors from his Paris days.
Mural work
In addition to his many paintings on canvas, at various times in his career Törneman produced illustrations for commercial projects, as well as painting frescos and large scale murals in public spaces, such as the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH), Stockholm City Hall, other Stockholm buildings such as Norra Latin, Östermalms läroverk, Östra Real, and the second chamber of the Parliament House. Törneman began the ceiling mural De elektriska strömmarna (The electric currents), in 1918 in a lecture hall of the KTH. This very ambitions painting project was a subject of much discussion, and when completed was unanimously praised by critics, but disappeared from view until its rediscovery.
During the 1950s, the ceiling painting De elektriska disappeared, having been hidden behind a new ceiling during a renovation; with time, speculation arose that it had been destroyed during construction at its KTH site. After nearly 40 years, and its being near forgotten, De elektriska was found during 1993 repairs to its original building, intact, though a ventilation duct had been installed through it. The painting, still considered an important part of Swedish cultural heritage, was restored and moved—a thin layer of it was removed with great care and affixed to a new support in its new location—work that took a year and cost five-times as much as commission for the original artwork; it re-opened to the public in its new location, in 1994.
Personal life
Törneman married the Norwegian chanteuse Gudrun Høyer-Ellefsen (1875-1963), whom he had met in Paris during his time there, in 1908. His son Algot Törneman, later became an artist in his own right, and it was he who Törneman pictured in his 1921 painting Algot med teddybjörn (Algot with teddybear). Axel Törneman died in Stockholm at 45, after several hospitalizations, from gastrointestinal causes (assigned at the time as bleeding ulcers).
Legacy
Törneman has been referred to as "[o]ne of the most important pioneers of Swedish art". Törneman's letters, some sketchbooks, paintings, and some of his personal belongings are preserved at the Kungliga biblioteket ("Royal Library"), in the National Library of Sweden, in Stockholm.
In 1965 the Moderna Museet, in Stockholm ("Modern Museum", a museum of modern art) held a major retrospective exhibition of his work, 40 years after his death.
Selected works
See also
Moderna Museet
Blue Room in Stockholm City Hall
Kiruna City Hall
Swedish art
List of Swedish artists
Swedish language Wikipedia
Nationalencyklopedin
References
Further reading
Exhibition catalogs
Axel Törneman och kvinnan, Moderna museet, Exhibition Catalog, Stockholm, 1965. .
Moser, Claes, and Newall, Christopher, Axel Törneman, an Eccentric Swedish Colourist: 17 May to 1 June 1989, Leighton House Museum. (exhibition catalog)
Söderlund, Göran, ed., Axel Törneman. Millesgården, Stockholm, 1990. Cat. no. 24. (exhibition catalog) .
Theorell, Anita, et al., Axel Törneman, Millesgården, Stockholm, 1990. (utställningskatalog) (exhibition catalog).
Other works
Axel Törneman : artist file, study photographs and reproductions of works of art with accompanying documentation 1920–2000, Frick Art Reference Library of The Frick Collection. Accessed 2012-12-19.
Theorell, Anita, Studier kring Axel Törnemans Riksdagshus Målningar, (Studies on Axel Törneman Parliament building's Paintings; academic dissertation), Stockholm, 1973 (Museum Stavanger Biblioteket, Norway, (STAVMUS, bibl, 75(485))).
Källström, Magnus, Nattcafé. Om Axel Törnemans tid i Paris 1902 – 1906, Stockholm 1988. (Night Café. Axel Törnemans's time in Paris)
Källström, Magnus, Torgny Lagman: Axel Törnemans ma°lningar i riksdagshuset, (Parliament House), Stockholm, Sandler, 1990. .
Rausing, Birgit, et al., Signums svenska konsthistoria, Konsten 1890 – 1915, Lund 2001, s. 283ff, (Signums Swedish art history). .
Axel Törneman, Search, New York Art Resources Consortium, arcade.nyarc.org. Accessed 2012-12-20.
External links
Swedish National Museum, Törneman items. Accessed 2015-11-16.
Troll Painters, Axel Törneman (1880–1925), short essay on the work The Troll King and the Princess, 1905. Accessed 2012-12-19.
Norra Latin mural. Accessed 2012-12-19.
Galleri Claes Moser, Törneman's estate agent, also runs the JAG Acke Museum in Ljusterö, gallerimoser.com. Accessed 2015-11-16.
Axel Törneman Törneman works that have been auctioned, Stockholms Auktionsverk, auktionsverket.com. Accessed 2012-12-20. Major Stockholm art auction house. See also Vid pianot, (At the Piano), an unsold Törneman work at Stockholms Auktionsverk, 2011-12-06. Accessed 2012-12-19. (in Swedish) (Google Translate)
Axel Törneman on Artnet, Past auctions of works, artnet.com. Accessed 2012-12-20.
20th-century Swedish painters
Swedish male painters
Modern painters
1880 births
1925 deaths
People from Filipstad Municipality
Deaths from ulcers
20th-century Swedish male artists
Ivan Božović (; born 25 May 1990) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Timok.
External links
at Srbijafudbal.
at Utakmica.rs
1986 births
Sportspeople from Kragujevac
Living people
Serbian footballers
Association football defenders
FK Radnički 1923 players
OFK Beograd players
FK Smederevo players
FK Donji Srem players
FK Jedinstvo Užice players
FK Zemun players
Balzan F.C. players
FC Lori players
FK Timok players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Maltese Premier League players
Armenian Premier League players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Expatriate footballers in Armenia
The Seasons, Op. 37a (also seen as Op. 37b; ; published with the French title Les Saisons), are a set of twelve short character pieces for solo piano by the Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. Each piece is the characteristic of a different month of the year in Russia. The work is also sometimes heard in orchestral and other arrangements by other hands. Individual excerpts have always been popular – Troika (November) was a favourite encore of Sergei Rachmaninoff, and Barcarolle (June) was enormously popular and appeared in numerous arrangements (including for orchestra, violin, cello, clarinet, harmonium, guitar and mandolin).
Background
The Seasons were commenced shortly after the premiere of Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto, and continued while he was completing his first ballet, Swan Lake.
In 1875, Nikolay Matveyevich Bernard, the editor of the St. Petersburg music magazine Nouvellist, commissioned Tchaikovsky to write 12 short piano pieces, one for each month of the year. Bernard suggested a subtitle for each month's piece. Tchaikovsky accepted the commission and all of Bernard's subtitles, and in the December 1875 edition of the magazine, readers were promised a new Tchaikovsky piece each month throughout 1876. The January and February pieces were written in late 1875 and sent to Bernard in December, with a request for some feedback as to whether they were suitable, and if not, Tchaikovsky would rewrite February and ensure the remainder were in the style Bernard was after. March, April and May appear to have been composed separately; however the remaining seven pieces were all composed at the same time and written in the same copybook, and evidence suggests they were written between 22 April and 27 May. The orchestration of Swan Lake was finished by 22 April, leaving the composer free to focus on other music; and he left for abroad at the end of May. This seems to put the lie to Nikolay Kashkin's published version of events, which was that each month the composer would sit down to write a single piece, but only after being reminded to do so by his valet.
The epigraphs that appeared on publication of the pieces were chosen by Bernard, not by Tchaikovsky. In 1886 the publisher P. Jurgenson acquired the rights to The Seasons and the piece has been reprinted many times.
Tchaikovsky did not devote his most serious compositional efforts to these pieces; they were composed to order, and they were a way of supplementing his income. He saw the writing of music to a commission as just as valid as writing music from his own inner inspiration; however, for the former he needed a definite plot or text, a time limit, and the promise of payment at the end. Most of the pieces were in simple ABA form.
The 12 pieces with their subtitles are:
January: At the Fireside (A major)
February: Carnival (D major)
March: Song of the Lark (G minor)
April: Snowdrop (B-flat major)
May: Starlit Nights (G major)
June: Barcarolle (G minor)
July: Song of the Reaper (E-flat major)
August: Harvest (B minor)
September: The Hunt (G major)
October: Autumn Song (D minor)
November: Troika (E major)
December: Christmas (A-flat major)
Orchestral and other arrangements
A number of musicians have orchestrated Tchaikovsky's pieces.
1942 Aleksandr Gauk arranged The Seasons for symphony orchestra.
Czech composer Václav Trojan did so as well.
1951 Morton Gould retained the piano part for many of the pieces and orchestrated the work throughout, recording it with himself at the piano for American Columbia.
1965 Kurt-Heinz Stolze orchestrated a number of the pieces as part of the music for John Cranko's ballet Onegin.
1989 David Matthews (for orchestra)
Peter Breiner (for violin and orchestra)
Georgii Cherkin (for piano and orchestra)
1988 French composer Philippe Sarde arranged the Barcarolle as a main theme for The Bear.
Aleksandr Gedike made an arrangement for piano trio.
2011 Eduard Grigoryan's arrangement for two guitars was recorded by his sons, Slava and Leonard Grigoryan.
2011 Sergei Abir created a new orchestra version.
2020, Jessie Montgomery and Jannina Norpoth premiered a new arrangement with the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra at Carnegie Hall on January 25, 2020, under the direction of Vadim Gluzman.
Poetic epigraphs
Following is a translation of some of the poetic epigraphs contained in the Russian edition (all chosen by the publisher Nikolay Bernard):
Janvier (January): Au coin du feu (At the Fireside)
A little corner of peaceful bliss,
the night dressed in twilight;
the little fire is dying in the fireplace,
and the candle has burned out.
(Alexander Pushkin)
Février (February): Carnaval (Carnival)
At the lively Mardi Gras
soon a large feast will overflow.
(Pyotr Vyazemsky)
Mars (March): Chant de l'alouette (Song of the Lark)
The field shimmering with flowers,
the stars swirling in the heavens,
the song of the lark
fills the blue abyss.
(Apollon Maykov)
Avril (April): Perce-neige (Snowdrop)
The blue, pure snowdrop — flower,
and near it the last snowdrops.
The last tears over past griefs,
and first dreams of another happiness.
(A. Maykov)
Mai (May): Les nuits de mai (Starlit Nights)
What a night! What bliss all about!
I thank my native north country!
From the kingdom of ice, from the kingdom of snowstorms and snow,
how fresh and clean May flies in!
(Afanasy Fet)
Juin (June): Barcarolle (Barcarolle)
Let us go to the shore;
there the waves will kiss our feet.
With mysterious sadness
the stars will shine down on us.
(Aleksey Pleshcheyev)
Juillet (July): Chant du faucheur (Song of the Reaper)
Move the shoulders,
shake the arms!
And the noon wind
breathes in the face!
(Aleksey Koltsov)
Août (August): La moisson (Harvest)
The harvest has grown,
people in families cutting the tall rye down to the root!
Put together the haystacks,
music screeching all night from the hauling carts.
(A. Koltsov)
Septembre (September): La chasse (Hunting)
It is time! The horns are sounding!
The hunters in their hunting dress
are mounted on their horses;
in early dawn the borzois are jumping.
(A. Pushkin, Graf Nulin)
Octobre (October): Chant d'automne (Autumn Song)
Autumn, our poor garden is all falling down,
the yellowed leaves are flying in the wind.
(Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy)
Novembre (November): Troïka (Troika)
In your loneliness do not look at the road,
and do not rush out after the troika.
Suppress at once and forever
the fear of longing in your heart.
(Nikolay Nekrasov)
Décembre (December): Noël (Christmas)
Once upon a Christmas night
the girls were telling fortunes:
taking their slippers off their feet
and throwing them out of the gate.
(Vasily Zhukovsky)
References
External links
Tchaikovsky Research
Compositions for solo piano
1876 compositions
Suites by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Luisa María Lara López (born 9 June 1966) is a Spanish astrophysicist. Since 2010, she has been a Spanish National Research Council (CSIC) Researcher at the Institute of Astrophysics of Andalusia in the Solar System Department.
Her line of research deals with the study of planetary and exoplanetary atmospheres and comets through the development of physical-chemical models and remote and in situ exploration of the bodies of the Solar System. Her work has become especially visible thanks to her participation as a researcher on the Rosetta mission for the European Space Agency (ESA).
Biography
Born in Alcalá la Real, Luisa María Lara attributes her love and pleasure of looking at the sky to her mother, who took advantage of the lack of public lighting in , a small village in Granada, which allowed greater visibility. She took up astronomy at an early age – at three she was fascinated by the sky, and at seven it was clear that she wanted to devote herself to science and the study of stars. She entertained herself by drawing the different phases of Venus that she saw from the terrace of the house in notebooks.
She attended secondary school in Pinos Puente, took Baccalaureate studies in Íllora, and her University Orientation Course (COU) in Granada. She earned a licentiate in Physical Sciences at the University of Granada in 1989 and received her doctorate in 1993.
Since 2010, she has been a CSIC Scientific Researcher at the Institute of Astrophysics of Andalusia in the Solar System Department. She has worked at various international institutions, such as the Paris Observatory in Meudon, the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research, ESA, and the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan in Tokyo.
In addition, Lara has developed theoretical models of atmospheric composition to analyze the data acquired by the Herschel Space Observatory (from 2009 to 2013) of Titan, Jupiter, Uranus, and Neptune. These models aim to explain the origin, evolution, and abundance of water vapor (among other compounds), proposing different hypotheses, from vaporization of micrometeoroids to cometary impacts in these atmospheres.
She has been deputy coordinator of the Space Area of the (ANEP), as well as participating in national and international committees for the management of space science and technology, such as the ESA Solar System Working Group and the Scientific Committee of the International Space Science Institute.
In 2016 she participated as a scientific and technical researcher on the missions of the space probe Rosetta (ESA) to comet 67P, on BepiColombo (ESA-JAXA) for the exploration of Mercury, and on the Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer (ESA) to study Jupiter and the Galilean moons. Likewise, she has been part of the scientific-technical definition teams of NASA-ESA space missions to the Saturn system, and of an ESA mission to bring asteroidal material to Earth.
She has published over 100 articles in peer-reviewed journals and made more than 250 contributions to international conferences.
Books
Titán (2010), CSIC, . ¿Qué sabemos de? series #10.
References
External links
Luisa María Lara López at The Conversation
1966 births
20th-century Spanish scientists
21st-century Spanish scientists
European Space Agency personnel
Living people
People from Alcalá la Real
Rosetta mission
Spanish astrophysicists
Spanish women physicists
University of Granada alumni
Women astrophysicists
20th-century Spanish women
Maelström is a 2000 Canadian psychological drama film written and directed by Denis Villeneuve. It stars Marie-Josée Croze as a depressed young businesswoman who becomes romantically involved with the son of a man she killed in a hit-and-run accident. Employing fantasy and comedic elements, Maelström is narrated by a talking fish.
Villeneuve conceived of the story, basing it on his interest in car accidents and modelling the protagonist after various women he knew. He cast Croze, then a novice actress, in the lead role. Filming took place in Montreal in 1999, with animatronics to depict the fish narrator.
The film premiered at the Montréal World Film Festival in August 2000 and received positive reviews, with some detractors. It won five Genie Awards, including Best Motion Picture, and the FIPRESCI Prize at the 51st Berlin International Film Festival.
Plot
While being gutted alive by a fishmonger, a dying fish chooses to share a story that took place in Quebec during the autumn of 1999. A 25-year-old businesswoman named Bibiane Champagne, head of three clothing boutiques, has an abortion. She is interviewed by a journalist about her success and being the daughter of a famous person named Flo Fabert. Bibiane claims business is good, but her partner, her brother Philippe, accosts her for numerous failures. She is supported by her friend, Claire, but struggles with drugs and alcohol.
One night, while driving, Bibiane accidentally hits a 53-year-old Norwegian Canadian fishmonger, Annstein Karson, and subsequently flees the scene. Injured, Annstein stumbles back to his apartment, where he dies at the kitchen table. While at a restaurant, Claire and Bibiane order octopus but discover it is stale. The restaurant investigates the poor quality of octopus and realize the usual octopus trapper, Annstein, is missing, and find him dead. Bibiane reads confirmation of the death in a newspaper, and considers turning herself in; she confides in a stranger on a subway and consults him about turning herself in, but he tells her this will not bring the victim back. She eventually decides to dispose of the evidence, driving her car into a river. She survives, and interprets her survival as a sign that she deserves to recover her life.
The fishmonger's son Evian, a diver who was recently inspecting Manicouagan River, learns Annstein was cremated. This went against his plans for burial at sea. He encounters Bibiane by chance and she poses as his late father's neighbour. Evian falls in love with her, and she takes him away from a planned flight to have sex at her apartment. He later learns the plane crashed in Baie-Comeau with no survivors, and realizes Bibiane killed his father. Conflicted about his love for his father's killer, a stranger in a bar (the same man from the subway) tells him to marry her and never tell anyone.
Bibiane helps Evian sort through Annstein's possessions, and she accompanies Evian to Lofoten to dispose of the ashes. Finally, the fish narrator decides to conclude his story by revealing the meaning of life, but is promptly killed mid-sentence.
Production
Development
Director Denis Villeneuve conceived of a story, that would revolve around a car accident:
For Bibiane, Villeneuve modeled the character after numerous women he knew, one of whom he described as a "mythomaniac", like Bibiane. He began making notes on the story in spring 1998, while finishing his film August 32nd on Earth, but set it aside as "too difficult", given its detached heroine. He began working on the Maelström screenplay again later that year, due to his persistent visions of the story. He began pitching the screenplay, and later said some readers told him it gave them nightmares, and that it was "too dark and heavy", though Villeneuve regarded it as nearly comedic. Downplaying the dark subject matter, he described the story as "a playful call to be responsible and to be careful". In his efforts for "balance" in respect to the abortion scene, Villeneuve said he was pro-choice but the operation "should never be taken lightly".
The inspiration for the narration was a trout he had for dinner, which gave him food poisoning. This led him to choose a fish as the storyteller, which he also liked because it would add "a purely fictional element" to an otherwise realistic story. He had also contemplated the alternative of a talking dog, based on a puppy his family had recently adopted, but preferred the metaphor of "a fish out of water". In his story, the fish is being gutted and repeatedly dies only to resurrect and resume narration. Villeneuve explained this, saying, "For me it was the kind of image which was like all the storytellers from the beginning of humanity trying to tell a story, the same story over and over again. I think it's an image that is like my relationship with cinema. And then I think there's a link between storytelling and death".
Casting
In summer 1999, casting began. Villeneuve sought "someone with a very specific energy" for the lead, and during casting met novice actress Marie-Josée Croze for the first time. He chose her with no pressure from the financiers to choose a better-known star. Jean-Nicholas Verrault was cast with experience in television, while Stephanie Morgenstern was known for appearing in the 1997 The Sweet Hereafter.
Filming
Principal photography started in Montreal in September 1999, lasting until November. The fish narrator was portrayed via animatronics; while inspired by a trout, the model was designed to resemble a prehistoric species "with big black eyes and a sad, gaping mouth".
Release
Maelström premiered at the Montreal World Film Festival on 29 August 2000, before opening the Perspective Canada section in the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2000. The film had its U.S. debut at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2001, where it received a positive audience response.
In early 1999, Alliance Atlantis chose to distribute the film in Quebec and internationally, while Odeon Films would release the film in the rest of Canada. It went to Canadian theatres on 15 September 2000. In July 2001, it opened on three screens in Paris and 11 total in France, to a small audience of 300 people on its first day.
Reception
Critical response
Voir critic Éric Fourlanty positively reviewed the photography and direction, comparing it to a dream, but found the writing lacking in places. The Ottawa Citizens Jay Stone gave it three and a half stars, and wrote it "aches with allegory" but had humour. Stone specifically noted the film plays "Good Morning Starshine" over the abortion scene and uses the end title "Fin". For Variety, Dennis Harvey called the first two-thirds " enjoyably idiosyncratic", with a "slightly supernatural, fate-ridden atmosphere". Vincent Ostria wrote in Les Inrockuptibles that the production initially disappointed, but it featured whimsy and an ironic use of music, and Villeneuve was among the better Canadian directors behind Atom Egoyan. Stephen Holden assessed it as "a meditation on the disconnection between the glossy surfaces of high-end urban existence and the life-and-death realities they camouflage", with Dadaist elements. In The Los Angeles Times, Kevin Thomas hailed it as a "stylish, breathless film, very much the dynamic work of a young man [Villeneuve] of talent, passion and brashness". Slant Magazines Ed Gonzalez dismissed it as "instantly forgettable". The Washington Post critic Ann Hornaday called it "beautifully composed" in parts but ultimately disappointing.
In 2017, IndieWire ranked Maelström as Villeneuve's worst film, though not so much "a bad film so much as it is a half-baked one". The Canadian Press recalled it that year as an "off-beat parable" that "showcases Villeneuve's more avant-garde sensibilities".
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 81% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 37 reviews, with an average rating of 6.74/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 66 out of 100 based on 18 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Accolades
Maelström received 10 nominations, more than any other film at the 21st Genie Awards. It won five, including Best Motion Picture. Canada submitted it for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but it did not receive a nomination. Producer Roger Frappier and Croze, hoping to secure an Academy Award nomination, also unsuccessfully campaigned for a Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film nomination, screening the film for 60 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association in Los Angeles in winter 2000.
See also
List of Canadian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
List of submissions to the 73rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
2000 films
2000 romantic drama films
Best Picture Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
Canadian avant-garde and experimental films
Canadian romantic drama films
Films about fishing
Films directed by Denis Villeneuve
Films set in Montreal
Films shot in Montreal
2000s French-language films
2000s avant-garde and experimental films
Canadian psychological drama films
Psychological drama films
2000s psychological drama films
Best Film Prix Iris winners
French-language Canadian films
2000s Canadian films
Cayuga Secondary School is a secondary school located at 70 Highway 54, Cayuga, Ontario, Canada. It is part of the Grand Erie District School Board. Cayuga Secondary School opened in 1963, under the name Cayuga Technical and Commercial High School since it did not offer a grade 13 programs. It earned secondary school status in 1970. The students are from J. L. Mitchener, Rainham Central, Seneca Central Seneca Unity and Oneida Central public schools, Caledonia Centennial, as well as some students from the Six Nations Reserve and from the Catholic elementary school, St. Stephen's. The school currently has about 600 students enrolled.
See also
List of high schools in Ontario
Football Team
Cayuga is the home of the Warriors Football Team. The team has currently joined "Forces" with one of its two rivals (Hagersville/McKinnon) Hagersville. After a previous coach during the 2015 season, the two schools contacted one another and became the "Warricanes".
The football team was denied entry into the Haldimand-Norfolk Football League but continued on to play exhibition against Simcoe (Sabres), Delhi (Raiders), Waterford (Wolves), McKinnon (Blue Devils) and the Bishop Mac Celtics of Guelph.
Cayuga and Hagersville lost 3 of 4 games (First game no score was kept) defeating a team both teams haven't won against in more than 5 years the Waterford Wolved 10–1. The team no longer plays with two different jerseys they have made up a jersey scheme.
The Warricanes were granted entry into the league for the 2017 season and will continue to play football as long as they need to.
Cayuga Warriors football began in 1987 led by then head coach Mike Warbick. Their first season only had two wins the first one coming against the Hurricanes of a score 2–1.
The next season Cayuga went on to an undefeated season winning the Zone championship dubbed the “No Mercy Tour”
References
Grand Erie High Schools Retrieved March 19, 2007.
Grand Erie District School Board School Boundary Maps Retrieved March 19, 2007.
A History of Haldimand Schools; The Haldimand Board of Education
High schools in Haldimand County
1963 establishments in Ontario
Educational institutions established in 1963
A trefoil arch, or three-foiled cusped arch, is an arch incorporating the shape or outline of a trefoil – three overlapping circles. It has been widely used for its symbolic significance in Christian architecture. Trefoil arches are common in Gothic architecture for portals and decoration. Trefoil or "trilobed" arches are also a characteristic feature of decorated portals in late Fatimid architecture and Mamluk architecture in Egypt, from approximately the 12th to 16th centuries.
Arches and vaults
See also
Multifoil arch
References
Heinrich Kling (10 September 1913 – 30 September 1951) was a German Waffen-SS commander during the Nazi era, who served with the Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler (LSSAH).
Biography
Kling graduated from the SS-Junkerschule Bad Tölz in 1938. On November 14, 1939 he joined the 12th SS Totenkopf Standarte in Łódź, which shot a thousand residents of the psychiatric hospital in Owinsk near Poznań. He participated in so-called operations against "partisans", which meant the execution of Polish intellectuals and Jews. For his service he was awarded with the Iron Cross 2nd Class and the War Merit Cross with swords. Prior to Operation Barbarossa he came to the Leibstandarte, and commanded its 13th (heavy) company of Tiger I tank. As an ardent Nazi, Kling was popular among his fellow Waffen-SS soldiers.
Since late November 1943 the SS Panzer Regiment 1 was commanded by Joachim Peiper, of whom Kling was a personal favorite. Peiper consequently made Kling leader of the 2nd Battalion, and nominated him for the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Kling received the award on 23 February 1944.
Kling was heavily wounded during Operation Overlord. On 19 March 1945, he was appointed commander of the 501st Heavy SS Panzer Battalion.
References
Bibliography
1913 births
1951 deaths
SS-Sturmbannführer
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Waffen-SS personnel
Deaths by drowning
Military personnel from Kassel
The South Carolina Department of Corrections (SCDC) is the agency responsible for corrections in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It currently has about 4,500 employees and just over 15,000 inmates, in 21 institutions. The agency has its headquarters in Columbia.
History
The South Carolina penal system was essentially founded in 1866, when the first state penitentiary was constructed. The SCDC was created in 1960, when the state governor decided to end abuses in the previous system (particularly the use of convict labor on private property as a form of political reward). The new SCDC removed chains and stripes from inmates' uniforms, and it established inmate education programs.
The numbers of inmates since the SCDC creation are as follows: 2,073 (1960); 2,705 (1970); 7,869 (1980); 16,149 (1990); 22,053 (2000); 24,710 (2010); 16,169 (2020).
Operations
The Palmetto Unified School District (PUSD), established in 1981, provides educational services to inmates in the system. The district board of trustees meetings are held at the William D. Leeke Administration Building.
In 2018, press reports indicated the department was short five hundred corrections officers.
Death row
The state's death row for men is located at Kirkland Correctional Institution (KCI). The state's death row for women is located at the Camille Griffin Graham Correctional Institution. Executions occur at the Broad River Correctional Institution.
From 1912 to January 1990 male death row inmates were housed in the Central Correctional Institution (CCI). BRCI held male death row inmates from January 1990 to April 12, 1997, when male death row inmates were moved to Lieber. In September 2017, male death row inmates were moved to Kirkland. From 1912 to 1986 executions were carried out at CCI. From 1990 onwards executions occur at BRCI.
Fallen officers
Since the establishment of the South Carolina Department of Corrections, four officers have died in the line of duty.
See also
Lee Correctional Prison Riot
List of South Carolina state prisons
List of law enforcement agencies in South Carolina
List of United States state correction agencies
List of people executed in South Carolina
Capital punishment in South Carolina
Further reading
References
External links
SCDC web site (This site includes the historical information cited here.)
SCDC Incarcerated Inmate Search (Search by name or by SCDC ID.)
State corrections departments of the United States
1866 establishments in South Carolina
State agencies of South Carolina
The America was built by the Motor Car Co. of America, New York City, New York in 1911. It was available in five models, all with an L-head 4-cylinder engine giving off . The torpedo, capable of holding two passengers, had a long, low silhouette and a rounded aft-section. Unusually, these cars had an auxiliary fuel tank. It is claimed that this company was later associated with McIntyre Automobile.
See also
List of defunct automobile manufacturers of the United States
References
^ G.Marshall Naul, "America (i)", in G.N. Georgano, ed., The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars 1885-1968 (New York: E.P. Dutton and Co., 1974), pp. 41.
1910s cars
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in New York (state)
The Mizzou Botanic Garden contains thousands of plants within the campus of the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri, United States. The Garden includes famous icons, such as Thomas Jefferson's original grave marker and the Columns of Academic Hall, and is open year-round, only asking for a small donation to visit.
Notable collections within the Garden include:
Arboretum in McAlester Park 4 acres (1.6 ha), with more than 100 trees of 43 species.
Asiatic & Oriental Lily Garden.
Beetle Bailey Statue and Garden: Cartoon character Beetle Bailey and the surrounding gardens pay tribute to Mort Walker, creator of Beetle Bailey and MU distinguished alum.
Bulb Display Garden.
Butterfly Garden.
Daylily Garden: Features more than 50 cultivars of daylily hybrids donated by the Central Missouri Hemerocallis Society.
Ellis Perennial Garden.
Hydrangea: 10 varieties of the genus Hydrangea.
Jefferson Garden: Includes cardinal flower, columbine, Virginia bluebells, sweetshrub, and Rose of Sharon. A bronze sculpture of Thomas Jefferson, as well as the original tombstone, a simple obelisk, which once sat next to Jefferson's grave, are also located in the garden.
Life Sciences Discovery Garden.
Mel Carnahan Quadrangle.
Memorial Union Gardens.
Native Missouri Tree Collection.
Peony Garden: Features peonies, lilacs and other "old-fashioned" plants.
Perennial Phlox Garden: Features 11 varieties of perennial phlox and English roses.
Rothwell Family Garden.
The Gardens on David R. Francis Quadrangle: More than 100 hardy, herbaceous perennials, with ornamental shrubs, trees and annual flowers woven throughout the garden.
Tiger Plaza.
Tree Trails: There are three self-guided walks designed to highlight the trees on campus.
Wildlife Pond: In the 1920s, a spring north of Stephens Hall was transformed into a pond surrounded by a Japanese garden with an arched bridge and Pagoda gate. Recently several water plants native to Missouri, including Water Lilies, Pickerel Weed, Copper Iris and Thalia have been added.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
Botanical gardens in Missouri
University of Missouri campus
Protected areas of Boone County, Missouri
Tourist attractions in Columbia, Missouri
Rodrigo Fernández may refer to:
Rodrigo Fernández (rugby union), Chilean rugby union player
Rodrigo Fernández (footballer) (born 1996), Uruguayan footballer
Rodrigo Fernández de Castro, Castilian nobleman and soldier
Rodrigo Fernandez-Stoll, Canadian actor and comedian
Monika Ritsch-Marte (born 26 September 1961 in Höchst) is an Austrian physicist in the fields of biomedical optics, theoretical quantum optics and non-linear optics. She is a professor at the Medical University of Innsbruck and director of the Institute of Biomedical Physics.
Life and education
Monika Ritsch-Marte was raised in the Austrian province of Vorarlberg, graduated in 1980 from grammar school in Bregenz, and earned a physics diploma from the University of Innsbruck in 1984. In 1985 she went to the University of Waikato in Hamilton, New Zealand, earning her PhD in 1988 under the supervision of Dan Walls and Crispin Gardiner with a thesis on generation and application of non-classical states of light, so-called squeezed states of light. She returned to Innsbruck for postdoctoral research in the group of Peter Zoller and then stayed at the University of Innsbruck for several years on a "Charlotte-Bühler Habilitationsprogramm" of the Austrian Science Fund. Some extended research visits abroad (Helsinki, JILA/Boulder, Konstanz) fall into this period, as well as half a year at the Universita degli Studi di Milano in the group of Luigi Lugiato supported by an APART grant from the Austrian Academy of Sciences. In 1995 Monika received her Habilitation in the field of Theoretical Physics as the University of Innsbruck. In 1998 she was appointed full professor in medical physics at the medical faculty of the University of Innsbruck, which meant a re-orientation towards biomedical optics (from this time on publishing under the name Ritsch-Marte). With the creation of the Medical University of Innsbruck as an independent university in 2004 she was appointed director of the Division of Biomedical Physics.
In 2007 she was elected the first female president of the Austrian Physical Society. For her achievements in the fields of optics and photonics, Ritsch-Marte was elected OSA Fellow in 2013 by the Optical Society of America. In 2014, she was elected as a corresponding member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences and in 2016 raised to full membership.
Ritsch-Marte is married to physicist Helmut Ritsch with whom she has two daughters.
Work
Since moving into applied optics, Ritsch-Marte has contributed to the development and application of microscopic methods and optical tweezers. Her research group has pioneered new usages for spatial light modulators (SLM) in the form of liquid-crystal displays to optical microscopy. As a programmable Fourier filters SLMs allow rapid switching between different microscopy modalities (bright field, dark field, phase contrast) without the need for changing any hardware components.
In the scope of the ERC Advanced Investigator Grant catchIT (= Coherently Advanced Tissue and Cell Holographic Imaging and Trapping) her group also developed methods of optical manipulation of ever larger particles, e.g. the optical "macro-tweezers" system, a large volume dual-beam mirror trap. This dual-beam approach is suitable to trap and guide swimming micro-organisms such as Euglena without inducing any optical damage. For even larger particles a combination of optical tweezers and an ultrasonic trap was developed.
An additional field of research in Ritsch-Marte's group is non-linear microscopy, e.g. chemically-selective coherent anti-Stokes Raman scattering (CARS), in particular they have developed a non-scanning (wide-field) CARS variant.
Ritsch-Marte and her colleague Stefan Bernet hold several patents (e.g. spiral-phase contrast microscopy or a diffractive Moiré lens with tunable refraction index).
Ritsch-Marte is also committed to the promotion of women in physics. Together with Claudia Draxl she chaired a working group of the Austrian Academy of Sciences which was dedicated to the promotion of women in physics. During her presidency of the Austrian Physical Society Monika Ritsch-Marte initiated the Lise-Meitner-Lectures, an event series organised yearly in co-operation with the German Physical Society consisting of public lectures by distinguished female physicists.
Awards
2019 Elected to the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina.
2016 Full Member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences
2013 OSA Fellow of the Optical Society of America
2011 Science award of the province of Tyrol
2011 Grand Prix for the patent of a tunable Moiré lens at the South Corean Women's Invention Exposition KIWIE
2010 "ERC Advanced Grant" of the European Research Council (endowed with Euro 2.5 million) for her research project catchIT
2009 Kardinal Innitzer Prize for natural sciences Naturwissenschaften of the Archdiocese of Vienna
2008 SUPA Distinguished Visitor Award of the Scottish universities
2008 Science award of the province of Vorarlberg
1993 Ludwig Boltzmann Prize of the Austrian Physical Society (shared with H. Ritsch)
1992 Research award of the city of Innsbruck
1988 PhD award, University of Waikato, New Zealand
References
External links
Biography on the website MRM Innsbruck Medical University
Division of Biomedical Physics Innsbruck Medical University
1961 births
Living people
University of Waikato alumni
Optical physicists
Quantum physicists
Experimental physicists
Microscopists
Biomedical engineers
Austrian bioengineers
Austrian women physicists
Fellows of the Optical Society
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Women in optics
Marysin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
A balance bicycle, run bike or no pedal bike or dandy horse is a training bicycle that helps children learn balance and steering. It has no foot pedals, no drivetrain, no chain, no gears, no gear shifters, no derailleurs, and no freewheel.
Designs
Balance bikes have been made out of both metal and wood. It can be a normal bicycle with pedals and related parts removed, or it can be purpose-built (especially for very small children, for whom normal bicycles are generally not available). Some are fitted with brakes and come with either air tires or solid foam tires. Most commercially available designs have flat handlebars.
To function properly, a balance bicycle must be small enough for the rider to be able to walk the bicycle while sitting comfortably in the saddle, putting both feet flat on the ground. The rider first walks the bicycle while standing over the saddle, then while sitting in the saddle. Eventually, the rider feels comfortable enough to run and "scoot" while riding the bicycle, then to lift both feet off the ground and cruise while balancing on the two wheels.
Learning method
Manufacturers of balance bicycles say that children can learn to bicycle faster because they learn to balance and countersteer first and then to pedal later, and that training wheels slow learning because kids become too dependent on them, acquiring bad habits. Training wheels that prevent the bike from leaning also prevent countersteering, so that, as with a tricycle, kids learn to turn the handlebars the wrong way, which must be unlearned later. Some balance bikes come with a rear brake and a footrest. This allows a child to practice using a brake safely before they progress to a pedal bike. The footrest is in the same place as the pedals which makes for a quick transition between balance bike and pedal bike.
Sheldon Brown wrote that training wheels can become an obstacle to learning if they are adjusted incorrectly, because they prevent the bike from leaning if they are too low, and can inhibit braking if too much weight is taken off the rear wheel by training wheels that are too low. Adjusting training wheels correctly, and raising them higher as the child's skill increases, avoids these problems. Balance bikes with no brakes at all except the rider's feet might stop poorly as well, though very young children might not use brakes effectively anyway. Brown recommended simply removing the pedals from a normal kid's bicycle, avoiding the extra expense of a balance bike, and parents have had success with this approach. USA Cycling President Derek Bouchard-Hall said in a Wall Street Journal article that balance bikes "have made training wheels obsolete."
Balance bikes have also been recommended as learning aids for adults, and as useful for elderly people who have difficulty in walking.
History
The first balance bicycle was the dandy horse, and was invented by Karl Drais, the earliest form of a two-wheeler - without pedals. His first reported ride from Mannheim to Rheinau (now a section of Mannheim) took place on June 12, 1817. Drais was a German inventor and invented the Laufmaschine ("running machine"), also later called the velocipede, draisine (English) or "draisienne" (French), or nicknamed, dandy horse. This incorporated the two-wheeler principle that is basic to the bicycle and motorcycle and meant the beginning of mechanized personal transport. In 1997, German designer Rolf Mertens developed the first commercially produced Laufrad "running bike" called LIKEaBIKE.
See also
Dandy horse, a 19th Century precursor of the bicycle with no pedals
Jyrobike
Kick bike
Outline of cycling
References
Physical activity and dexterity toys
Road cycles
Educational toys
de:Draisine (Laufmaschine)#Kinderlaufrad
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Nakajima was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on June 28, 1979. After graduating from high school, he joined his local club Atsugi Marcus in 1998. In 2000, he moved to Kowada SC. In September 2001, he moved to J2 League club Ventforet Kofu. However he could hardly play in the match and left the club end of 2002 season. After 1 year blank, he joined Japan Football League (JFL) club Denso and played as regular player in 2 seasons. In 2006, he moved to Regional Leagues club Fervorosa Ishikawa Hakuzan FC. In 2007, he moved to Prefectural Leagues club Cobaltore Onagawa. Cobaltore was promoted to Regional Leagues from 2008. In August 2011, he moved to JFL club V-Varen Nagasaki on loan because Cobaltore skipped the 2011 season for 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. In 2012, he returned to Cobaltore and retired end of 2014 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Association football people from Kanagawa Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Association football midfielders
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Ventforet Kofu players
FC Kariya players
Cobaltore Onagawa players
V-Varen Nagasaki players
The United States Army Intelligence Agency was a military intelligence unit with the U.S. Department of the Army created in 1967. In 1977, it was replaced by the United States Army Intelligence and Security Command.
Commands of the United States Army
Guinea-Bissau competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Track
See also
Guinea-Bissau at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Para
James Panayi (born 24 January 1980) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender for Watford between 1998 and 2002.
He made his professional debut in a Premier League match at Coventry City's Highfield Road stadium on Sunday 31 October 1999.
After leaving Watford in 2002 he had a trial with Queens Park Rangers, later joining Cypriot side Apollon Limassol.
He is now head of physical education at Sprowston Community Academy, having previously worked at Cliff Park High School and Flegg High School.
References
Since 1888... The Searchable Premiership and Football League Player Database (subscription required)
1980 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Premier League players
Cypriot First Division players
Watford F.C. players
Apollon Limassol FC players
English people of Greek Cypriot descent
Schoolteachers from Norfolk
Footballers from Hammersmith
A cache language model is a type of statistical language model. These occur in the natural language processing subfield of computer science and assign probabilities to given sequences of words by means of a probability distribution. Statistical language models are key components of speech recognition systems and of many machine translation systems: they tell such systems which possible output word sequences are probable and which are improbable. The particular characteristic of a cache language model is that it contains a cache component and assigns relatively high probabilities to words or word sequences that occur elsewhere in a given text. The primary, but by no means sole, use of cache language models is in speech recognition systems.
To understand why it is a good idea for a statistical language model to contain a cache component one might consider someone who is dictating a letter about elephants to a speech recognition system. Standard (non-cache) N-gram language models will assign a very low probability to the word "elephant" because it is a very rare word in English. If the speech recognition system does not contain a cache component the person dictating the letter may be annoyed: each time the word "elephant" is spoken another sequence of words with a higher probability according to the N-gram language model may be recognized (e.g., "tell a plan"). These erroneous sequences will have to be deleted manually and replaced in the text by "elephant" each time "elephant" is spoken. If the system has a cache language model, "elephant" will still probably be misrecognized the first time it is spoken and will have to be entered into the text manually; however, from this point on the system is aware that "elephant" is likely to occur again – the estimated probability of occurrence of "elephant" has been increased, making it more likely that if it is spoken it will be recognized correctly. Once "elephant" has occurred several times the system is likely to recognize it correctly every time it is spoken until the letter has been completely dictated. This increase in the probability assigned to the occurrence of "elephant" is an example of a consequence of machine learning and more specifically of pattern recognition.
There exist variants of the cache language model in which not only single words but also multi-word sequences that have occurred previously are assigned higher probabilities (e.g., if "San Francisco" occurred near the beginning of the text subsequent instances of it would be assigned a higher probability).
The cache language model was first proposed in a paper published in 1990, after which the IBM speech-recognition group experimented with the concept. The group found that implementation of a form of cache language model yielded a 24% drop in word-error rates once the first few hundred words of a document had been dictated. A detailed survey of language modeling techniques concluded that the cache language model was one of the few new language modeling techniques that yielded improvements over the standard N-gram approach: "Our caching results show that caching is by far the most useful technique for perplexity reduction at small and medium training data sizes".
The development of the cache language model has generated considerable interest among those concerned with computational linguistics in general and statistical natural language processing in particular: recently there has been interested in applying the cache language model in the field of statistical machine translation.
The success of the cache language model in improving word prediction rests on the human tendency to use words in a "bursty" fashion: when one is discussing a certain topic in a certain context the frequency with which one uses certain words will be quite different from their frequencies when one is discussing other topics in other contexts. The traditional N-gram language models, which rely entirely on information from a very small number (four, three, or two) of words preceding the word to which a probability is to be assigned, do not adequately model this "burstiness".
Recently, the cache language model concept - originally conceived for the N-gram statistical language model paradigm - has been adapted for use in the neural paradigm. For instance, recent work on continuous cache language models in the recurrent neural network (RNN) setting has applied the cache concept to much larger contexts than before, yielding significant reductions in perplexity
. Another recent line of research involves incorporating a cache component in a feed-forward neural language model (FN-LM) to achieve rapid domain adaptation
.
See also
Artificial intelligence
History of natural language processing
History of machine translation
Speech recognition
Statistical machine translation
References
Further reading
Language modeling
Computational linguistics
Natural language processing
Speech processing
Speech recognition
Machine translation
Friedrich Heinrich von Boetticher (1826–1902) was a German publisher, bookseller, scholar and art historian.
Boetticher was born 23 June 1826 in Riga, the tenth of 17 children of the merchant and landowner Carl von Boetticher (1782-1859) and Emilie Wippert (1794-1855).
After attending grammar school in Riga, he studied philology, and later law from 1846 to 1849 in Dorpat. Following this he trained as a farmer at the private Brösa Institute near Bautzen, run by his future brother-in-law, the agronomist , and where he married the pastor's daughter Eugenie Mitschke (1825-1858) in 1850. In the same year he acquired a manor at the Großdubrau municipality village of , which he farmed until 1853, after which he sold it and worked as his father's manager in Riga. He left Riga in 1854 and moved to Saxony where he acquired a publishing bookshop in Dresden, to which an art shop was later attached.
In 1859 he became a Saxon citizen and, after the early death of his first wife, married Alexandra von Friede (1822-1908), daughter to Major General Carl Johann von Friede.
Boetticher was brother to the mayor of Riga, Emil von Boetticher (1836–1907), and father to the physician and genealogist Walter von Boetticher (1853–1945). Through his eldest daughter Maria (born 1851) he was father-in-law to Karl Pabst (1835–1910), the mayor of Weimar, and through his daughter Eugenie (born 1858), father-in-law to the composer Franz Curti (1854–1898). Boetticher died 12 February 1902 in Dresden, and was buried at the Alter Annenfriedhof (Old Annen Cemetery).
After years of art-historical study, he published Malerwerke des neunzehnten Jahrhunderts, Beitrag zur Kunstgeschichte (Nineteenth-Century Paintings, Contribution to the History of Art) in two volumes between 1891 and 1901, which includes 50,000 paintings by German painters, and painters active in Germany. This comprehensive publication is used as a standard reference for art auction houses.
Publications
Malerwerke des neunzehnten Jahrhunderts, Beitrag zur Kunstgeschichte (Nineteenth-Century Paintings, Contribution to the History of Art), Volume 1; Volume 2, Dresden 1891–1898.
Zur Erinnerung an Friedrich von Boetticher (In Memory of Friedrich von Boetticher), poems edited by Alexandra von Boetticher, Dresden, February 1902
Weihnachtsgrüße von Friedrich von Boetticher (Christmas Greetings from Friedrich von Boetticher), poems edited by Alexandra von Boetticher, Dresden, December 1902
References
19th-century German historians
1826 births
1902 deaths
German art historians
Baltic-German people
People from Riga
Friedrich Heinrich
Tony DeBlase (1942 - 2000) also known as Anthony DeBlase, was part of the BDSM and leather subcultures. He was the designer of the leather pride flag.
Leather and BDSM activities
In 1979, he founded DungeonMaster magazine (about sadomasochistic technique), which ran from 1979 until 1994. He also wrote for that magazine.
In 1982, under the pen name Fledermaus, he published a collection of fictional sadomasochism stories, titled The Fledermaus Anthology.
In 1986, the leather magazine Drummer was sold to DeBlase, who sold it in 1991 to Martijn Bakker, owner of RoB Amsterdam.
On May 28, 1989, DeBlase first presented the leather pride flag (which he had designed), at International Mister Leather.
Initial reaction to the flag was mixed. According to DeBlase's article A Leather Pride Flag,
"Some, particularly on the east coast, reacted positively to the concept, but were quite concerned, some even offended, that I had not involved the community in helping to create the design."
On September 18, 1990, Clive Platman (Mr. Australia Drummer) presented DeBlase with an Australian version of the flag, incorporating the southern cross, which is from the Australian national flag, with the original design of the leather pride flag.
In 1991, the Leather Archives & Museum (the LA&M) was founded by DeBlase and Chuck Renslow, “as a community archives, library, and museum of Leather, kink, fetish, and BDSM history and culture.” DeBlase served as Vice President of the Board of Directors there from 1992 until 2000. He also began a Leather History Timeline, which was set up in the LA&M on the south wall of the main exhibit gallery. His papers (among other things) are held in the LA&M.
At International Mr. Leather 1999 DeBlase presented one of three original leather pride flags which he assembled as a prototype to the Leather Archives & Museum.
Awards
In 1987 DeBlase received NLA's Man of the Year award. In 1990 he received the Business Person of the Year Award as part of the Pantheon of Leather Awards. He also received the Pantheon's Lifetime Achievement Award in 1994, their Forebear Award in 1997, and their Community Choice (Man) Award in 2001. In 2010 he was inducted into the Leather Hall of Fame. In 2017 he was honored along with other notables, named on bronze bootprints, as part of San Francisco South of Market Leather History Alley. He was also knighted as a Chevalier at the Leather Coronation in San Francisco, and received the Caligula Award from the Chicago Hellfire Club, which he was a member of.
Career
DeBlase was a mammologist who specialized in bat biology. He co-wrote A Manual of Mammalogy: With Keys to Families of the World (1974) with Robert Eugene Martin.
Personal life
DeBlase died of liver failure in 2000. He was survived by his partner Andrew Charles.
References
1942 births
2000 deaths
20th-century American zoologists
American zoologists
BDSM writers
Leather subculture
Flag designers
Mulock is a dispersed rural community and unincorporated place in geographic Mulock Township, Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, named for William Mulock. It was created during the construction of the Ontario Northland Railway in the early 20th century. Mulock is located between the dispersed rural communities of Tomiko to the north and the Feronia to the south, and has a passing siding.
References
Communities in Nipissing District
The Tian Shan is a mountain range in central Asia that extends through western China, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan. The Tian Shan is long, and up to high. Throughout the Tian Shan there are several intermontane basins separated by high ranges. Plate tectonic theory makes the assumption that deformation is concentrated along plate boundaries. However, active deformation is observed in the Tian Shan, far from plate boundaries. This apparent contradiction of plate tectonic theory makes the Tian Shan a key place to study the dynamics of intracontinental deformation.
Tectonic history
The intracontinental weakness of Asia's interior has caused deformation in the Tian Shan Range after the collision of India into Asia. However, the Tian Shan was uplifted prior to the Cenozoic Indo-Asia collision.
Paleozoic
The Tian Shan contains two late Paleozoic sutures. The older, southern suture marks the collision of a passive margin at the north of the Tarim block and an active continental margin; subduction under the latter was to the north. The late Paleozoic continent-continent collision along Tarim's northern margin created an orogenic belt along the southern part of the Tian Shan. The younger, northern suture separates a northern Carboniferous island arc from an active continental margin developed over a south-dipping subduction zone.
Mesozoic
Several fragments and island arcs collided with Asia's southern margin in the Mesozoic, creating deformation and uplift in the Tian Shan and Kunlun Shan, respectively to the north and south of the Tarim Basin. Mesozoic deformation was minor or absent in most of the basin interior of the Tarim.
Cenozoic
The collision of India with Asia is the latest major tectonic event to affect deformation in the Tian Shan. Thrust faulting is the predominant style of Cenozoic deformation in the Tian Shan, which propagated outward and rose progressively as a wedge-shaped block. Dextral NW-SE trending strike slip faults either merge with or crosscut east-west trending thrust systems. The Talas-Fergana Fault is the longest of these structures. Active deformation in the Tian Shan is the result of compressional stresses generated at the Indo-Asia collisional zone, where the Himalayas formed and continue to grow. Active deformation is observed in the Tian Shan, which is within Asia's continental interior, because Asia is not as internally rigid as the continental crust is expected to be.
Velocity field
Using geodetic techniques, GPS networks have been used in research to constrain the velocity field throughout the Tian Shan. This type of analysis helps illustrate the distribution of shortening rates throughout the region. Most of the convergence between the Tarim Basin and the Kazakh Platform is absorbed within the Tian Shan, with localized zones of shortening at rates of ~2 mm/yr to 6 mm/yr. The total amount of convergence in the Tian Shan is not uniformly distributed across the range, with 80–90% of the North-South shortening absorbed along the southern and northern edges, and relatively little deformation accommodated within the interior. The Chinese Tian Shan displays lateral variations in magnitudes of deformation, estimates range from 2.12 to 21 km of crustal shortening. Slip rates on NW-SE trending strike-slip faults range from 1–4 mm/yr. Slip rates on WE-SN trending gently-dipping detachment fault vary from 10–13 mm/yr for the southwest Tian Shan to 2–5 mm/y for eastern Tian Shan. The velocity field indicates that the Tarim Basin is thrusting beneath the Tian Shan at ~4–7 mm/yr. The velocity field also places a bound of ~4 mm/yr on the rate of crustal shortening across the Chatkal and neighboring ranges on the northwest margin of the Ferghana Valley, and they limit the present day slip rate on the right lateral Talas-Ferghana Fault to less than ~2 mm/yr
Geologic subdivisions
Kuqa Foreland
The Kuqa Basin is bounded by the Tarim Basin to the south and the Tian Shan orogenic belt to the north. The Kuqa depression was probably part of the north Tarim continental margin at the Paleozoic time. Under compressive tectonic loading and gravitational loading, the Kuqa depression became an intra-continental foreland basin. The cross-section of the basin is asymmetric and its depositional center lies close to the Tian Shan orogenic belt, the sediment thickness thins towards the Tarim craton.
Borohoro Range
To the north, the Borohoro Range separates the Yili Basin from the North Tian Shan piedmont in the Junggar Basin. On the southern and northern sides of the range, the basement is capped by Permian sediments, mainly carbonates. The Borohoro Range is itself separated in two compartments by the small, elongated Hexilagen basin in which Early Jurassic coal series are exposed.
Yili Basin
The Yili basin lies south of the Borohoro Range and is bordered by sutures and fault zones in the western Chinese Tian Shan belt. During the Late Paleozoic, the northern boundary of the Yili basin was an active continental margin related to the southward subduction of the North Tianshan oceanic basin; this boundary is represented by Late Carboniferous turbidite and ophiolitic melange. The southern and northern boundaries have been both reworked by Permian strike-slip faults.
Issyk-Kul and Fergana Basins
The general strike of the Tian Shan ranges is East-Northeast, but there are significant deviations, especially near the major Talas-Fergana fault. A striking feature of western Tian Shan is the large number of basins containing Cenozoic rocks, prominent basins include the Fergana Basin in the southwest, the Issyk-Kul Basin in the east and Naryn Basin in the south. On the edges of the Tian Shan, there are foreland basins with Cenozoic sediments several kilometers thick. The Talas-Fergana fault is an active strike slip fault in which Quaternary offset is about 10 km and the total offset since the Paleozoic is about 200 km.
References
.
Geology of Central Asia
Tectonics
Paleozoic Asia
Mesozoic Asia
Cenozoic Asia
Cenozoic China
MacRuby is a discontinued implementation of the Ruby language that ran on the Objective-C runtime and CoreFoundation framework under development by Apple Inc. which "was supposed to replace RubyCocoa". It targeted Ruby 1.9 and used the high performance LLVM compiler infrastructure starting with version 0.5. It supports both ahead-of-time and just-in-time compilation.
MacRuby supported Interface Builder and shipped with a core library called HotCocoa to simplify Cocoa programming. MacRuby was also used as an embedded scripting language for Objective-C applications.
In May 2012, Laurent Sansonetti announced RubyMotion, a port of MacRuby for iOS, OS X and Android.
Development on MacRuby effectively ended in late 2011, coinciding with the principal author's departure from Apple Inc. As of Jan 5 2015, The MacRuby project is no longer under active development; MacRuby does not work on Mavericks, the team having shifted their focus to a commercial RubyMotion product for iOS and OS X.
History
MacRuby was originally called "ruby+objc" and was developed by Laurent Sansonetti, who began work on it in late 2007. In March 2008, the first publicly available version, MacRuby 0.1, was announced on the official RubyTalk forum. Version 0.2 was released in June 2008, and implemented Ruby strings, arrays and hashes as native Cocoa types. In September 2008, MacRuby 0.3 was released and included the HotCocoa library as well as several HotCocoa example programs. In October 2008, Apple created its first MacRuby page on its Developer Connection website.
MacRuby 0.4 was released in March 2009, MacRuby 0.5, 0.6, 0.7 in January, May and October 2010 respectively. MacRuby 0.8, was released on December 13, 2010, 0.9 on February 25, 2011 0.10 on March 23, 2011, 0.11 on October 17, 2011, 0.12 on June 11, 2012.
See also
F-Script
Nu
References
External links
MacRuby download
Developing Cocoa Applications Using MacRuby
MacRuby presentation during RubyConf 08 by Laurent Sansonetti (video)
OS X Application Development with HotCocoa by Rich Kilmer (video)
Introduction to MacRuby (slides)
MacRuby to the Max presentation during RubyConf India 2010 by Brendan Lim (slides)
MacRuby: The Definitive Guide
MacRuby's Twitter account
Fool's Ruby and Cocoa Workshop - MacRuby Archive
MacRuby Core Data Tutorial
Using MacRuby with Snow Leopard
Beta software
MacOS development
Object-oriented programming languages
Ruby (programming language)
Beginning in 2019, multiple appointments of acting officials in the United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS) were questioned, on the basis of whether the appointments were legal under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998 and the Homeland Security Act of 2002. After the departure of Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen in April 2019, the Trump Administration did not formally nominate a new secretary to be confirmed by the Senate, relying on acting postings.
The disputed appointments were those of Kevin McAleenan and Chad Wolf as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security, and Ken Cuccinelli as Senior Official Performing the Duties of both the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security and the Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). The dispute on the Secretary and Deputy Secretary appointments centered on the fact that the issued text of an amendment to the order of succession deviated from the intention of then-Secretary Nielsen, placing a different person than expected next in line. The dispute on the USCIS appointment centered on whether a newly created Principal Deputy Director position was validly the "first assistant" to the Director under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act.
On March 1, 2020, the District Court for the District of Columbia ruled that Cuccinelli was not lawfully appointed to serve as acting USCIS Director and invalidated certain actions taken by him; the government dropped its appeal of this case in August 2020. On August 14, 2020, the Government Accountability Office released a finding that McAleenan, Wolf, and Cuccinelli had been appointed improperly to their Acting Secretary and Deputy Secretary positions; the DHS rejected this finding.
On November 14, 2020, the District Court for the Eastern District of New York ruled that Wolf was not lawfully serving as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security and overturned a set of his orders as lacking "legal authority". Wolf resigned his post on January 11, 2021, after a number of similar court rulings.
Background
The Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998 (FVRA) specified procedures for filling vacant offices, allowing the President to direct a person serving in a different Senate-confirmed position to serve as acting officer. The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (HSA) established the Department of Homeland Security and the position of the Secretary of Homeland Security. The line of succession to the Secretary was specified through a series of executive orders, the most recent of which was Executive Order 13753 of December 9, 2016, which specified the line of succession when the Secretary had "died, resigned, or otherwise become unable to perform the functions and duties of the office of Secretary".
The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, signed into law on December 23, 2016, amended the HSA to create new procedures for specifying the line of succession for the Secretary as an exception to the procedures in the FVRA. Specifically, it specified that the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Management must be third in line to the Secretary position, and second in line to the Deputy Secretary position. It also allowed the Secretary rather than the President to specify the further lines of succession, and did not specify a time limit to the eligibility of acting officials as the FVRA had done.
The Secretary specified succession through DHS Delegation 00106, which went through a number of revisions. By February 2019, it stated that Executive Order 13753 still held in the case of death, resignation, or inability; and provided an "Annex A" specifying the succession if the Secretary became "unavailable to act during a disaster or catastrophic emergency", although the order of succession was the same in both cases.
Disputed appointments
McAleenan and Wolf as Acting Secretary
Kirstjen Nielsen served as the Senate-confirmed Secretary of Homeland Security from December 5, 2017 until April 10, 2019. On April 9, 2019, Nielsen had issued a new revision of Delegation 00106 that updated Annex A, but left Executive Order 13753 in place in the case of death, resignation, or inability. At the time, DHS referred to Annex A, which had Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Kevin McAleenan as next in line, rather than Executive Order 13753, which had Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Director Christopher C. Krebs as next in line. While Nielsen demonstrably intended to place McAleenan next in line, and a memorandum from the DHS General Counsel to Nielsen contained ambiguous language, the actual issued text of the amended Delegation 00106 unambiguously placed Krebs next in line. McAleenan served as Acting Secretary, at least in a de facto capacity, from April 11 until November 13, 2019.
On November 8, 2019, McAleenan issued another revision of Delegation 00106, which specified Annex A as the line of succession for all situations, and placed the Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans fourth in line for the Secretary position. Upon McAleenan's resignation, Chad Wolf began serving de facto as Acting Secretary on November 13, 2019.
Cuccinelli as Acting USCIS Director and Deputy Secretary
Ken Cuccinelli was appointed to serve in the newly created position of Principal Deputy Director of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) in June 2019. This was intended to make him the "first assistant" to the Director position, making him eligible to immediately become its Acting Director.
On November 13, 2019, the day he assumed office, Wolf amended Annex B of Delegation 00106 specifying the order of succession for Deputy Secretary, placing the Principal Deputy Director of Citizenship and Immigration Services second in line after the Under Secretary for Management, thus specifying Cuccinelli as Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Deputy Secretary.
Controversy
USCIS appointment
In a June 18, 2019 letter to the Acting Secretary of Homeland Security, House committee chairs Jerry Nadler, Elijah Cummings, and Bennie Thompson alleged that Cuccinelli's brief appointment as Principal Deputy Director had been retroactively applied, possibly in violation of the FVRA. The USCIS employees union also challenged the legality of Cuccinelli's appointment.
In September 2019, a lawsuit was filed challenging his asylum directives, partially on the basis that his appointment was invalid. On March 1, 2020, Judge Randolph D. Moss of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia ruled that Cuccinelli was not lawfully appointed to serve as acting director, on the basis that the novel nature of the Principal Deputy Director position meant that he had never served as the "first assistant" to anyone. He therefore lacked authority to issue two of the directives challenged in the lawsuit. Because the case was not filed as a class action, Moss was "unconvinced" that his relief should be extended to other asylum seekers not part of the original suit.
On August 12, 2020, the government dropped its appeal in the case.
Secretary and Deputy Secretary appointments
Government Accountability Office finding
On November 15, 2019, House Democrats Bennie Thompson and Carolyn Maloney requested that Comptroller General of the United States Gene Dodaro review the legality of Wolf's appointment on the basis that former Acting Secretary McAleenan did not have authority to change the department's line of succession, asserting that former Secretary Nielsen had not properly placed McAleenan first in the line of succession before resigning and that McAleenan's change came after the 210-day limit to his authority had expired.
On August 14, 2020, the Government Accountability Office released a finding that McAleenan, Wolf, and Cuccinelli had been appointed improperly, noting that:Upon Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen's resignation on April 10, 2019, the official who assumed the title of Acting Secretary had not been designated in the order of succession to serve upon the Secretary's resignation. Because the incorrect official assumed the title of Acting Secretary at that time, subsequent amendments to the order of succession made by that official were invalid and officials who assumed their positions under such amendments, including Chad Wolf and Kenneth Cuccinelli, were named by reference to an invalid order of succession.Dodaro referred the matter to Department of Homeland Security Inspector General Joseph V. Cuffari to review the questions of who should be serving in these positions, the legality of other actions taken by McAleenan, Wolf, and Cuccinelli. Under the line of succession found valid by GAO, the Acting Secretary as of August 2020 would be Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Pete Gaynor. Although GAO findings are not legally binding, it was expected to affect several pending court cases, including Wolf v. Vidal, where plaintiffs had argued that rules issued by McAleenan, Wolf, and Cuccinelli were void because they had been improperly appointed.
On August 17, the Department of Homeland Security's Acting General Counsel issued a statement rejecting the GAO's finding, saying that Nielsen had in fact legally appointed McAleenan as Acting Secretary. To support this they stated the fact that she had personally sworn him in, and announced in a public email that he was the incoming Acting Secretary, as evidence of her intention. They also pointed to a preliminary memorandum from the DHS General Counsel to Nielsen that, unlike the text of the actual DHS Delegation, included ambiguous language. They also criticized the timing of the finding, noting that GAO had taken over eight months to issue the finding, and released in just 80 days prior to the 2020 United States elections, and asserted that the validity of the appointment was outside the GAO's jurisdiction because it was made under the HSA and not the FVRA.
On August 21, GAO declined to retract or amend their findings, saying that DHS had not provided any evidence of material errors of fact or law in the finding, and that all their points had already been considered in the finding.
Subsequent events and legal challenges
On August 25, President Trump announced that he would nominate Wolf to be confirmed by the Senate as the permanent Secretary of Homeland Security. The nomination was formally submitted to the Senate on September 10. The same day, FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor, who was the highest official in the proper Acting Secretary succession order, issued a memo designating the same order of succession that was intended to be established by McAleenan, in order to make Wolf the proper Acting Secretary. Wolf then issued a memo reaffirming his previous actions as Acting Secretary. However, on November 13, DHS admitted in a court ruling that Gaynor's memo had apparently been issued about an hour before the Senate nomination had been made, which may affect its legality.
On September 11, 2020, federal judge Paula Xinis ruled that Wolf was likely unlawfully serving as acting secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. On that basis, the court issued an order barring the enforcement of rules Wolf had created. Likewise, on November 14, Judge Nicholas Garaufis of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York ruled that Wolf was not lawfully serving as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security due to the improper appointments of McAleenan and Wolf. In addition to finding the 2019 McAleenan memo ineffective, Garaufis ruled that the 2020 Gaynor memo was also ineffective because DHS had not fulfilled legal formalities about notifying Congress for Gaynor to serve as acting secretary. Nevertheless, Gaynor issued a duplicate memo on November 17, 2020.
Other courts soon followed suit. On January 8, 2021, Judge James Donato of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California became the fifth judge to rule that Wolf was not lawfully acting as the Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. Wolf resigned his post three days later, saying his action was "warranted by recent events, including the ongoing and meritless court rulings regarding the validity of my authority as acting secretary."
References
Homeland Security
Trump administration controversies
United States Department of Homeland Security
Turkey took part in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998. The country was represented by Tüzmen with the song "Unutamazsın", written by Canan Tunç and composed by Erdinç Tunç.
Before Eurovision
21. Eurovision Şarkı Yarışması Türkiye Finali
67 songs were submitted to TRT and 10 were selected for the national final.
The final took place on 28 February 1998 at the TRT Studios in Ankara, hosted by Bülend Özveren and Ekin Olcayto. Ten songs competed and the winner was determined by an expert jury. One of the contestants, Şebnem Paker and her group, had performed in Eurovision Song Contest 1997 and had received the highest points for Turkey up to 1997, but in 1998 they couldn't repeat their previous success.
At Eurovision
On the night of the contest Tüzmen performed 24th in the running order, following Estonia and preceding Macedonia. At the close of the voting, Unutamazsın had received 25 points, placing Turkey 14th out of 25 contestants. Only five participants had voted for Unutamazsın. The Turkish jury awarded its 12 points to the United Kingdom.
Voting
References
1998
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998
Eurovision
Loch Voil () is a small freshwater loch that lies to the west of Balquhidder in the Stirling council area of Scotland. It is a short, narrow loch. It is separated from Loch Doine by fluvial deposits from the Monachyle Burn and is drained at its eastern end by the River Balvag at Balquhidder. The Loch can be reached by a small single track road from Balquhidder leading to Inverlochlarig.
References
Voil
Voil
LVoil
Sir Timothy John Le Cocq (born 1956) is a Jersey lawyer who is the current Bailiff of Jersey. He was sworn in on 17 October 2019.
Early life
Le Cocq was born in Jersey. He attended Beaulieu Convent School, De La Salle College and Keele University.
Career
Le Cocq was called to the English Bar in 1981 and to the Jersey Bar in 1985. He became a Crown Advocate in 1996 and was appointed as Her Majesty's Solicitor General on 8 April 2008. He became Attorney General on 10 November 2009, Deputy Bailiff on 2 April 2015 and Bailiff on 17 October 2019.
Le Cocq was knighted in the 2022 Birthday Honours for services to Jersey.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Jersey lawyers
Bailiffs of Jersey
Members of the Inner Temple
Queen's Counsel 2001–
Alumni of Keele University
People educated at De La Salle College, Jersey
Knights Bachelor
Lawyers awarded knighthoods
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Havelange. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Havelange
Institute of Aeronautical Engineering (IARE) is a private engineering college in Hyderabad, offering post graduate (Masters) and undergraduate (Bachelors) courses in engineering and technology. It is located near Air Force Station, Dundigal, Hyderabad, India. Institute of Aeronautical Engineering was established in the academy year 2000.Institute of Aeronautical Engineering has good faculty standards and is affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad and approved by AICTE
Departments
Aeronautical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Civil engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electronics and Communication Engineering
Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Information Technology
[[Computer Science and Engineering [Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning]]
Computer Science and Engineering (Data Science)
Computer Science and Engineering (Cybersecurity)
Computer Science and Information Technology
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
M.Tech (Aerospace Engineering)
M.Tech (CAD/CAM (Mechanical Engineering)
M.Tech (Computer Science and Engineering)
M.Tech (Embedded Systems)
M.Tech (Electrical Power Systems)
M.Tech (Structural Engineering)
Bachelor's degrees
Bachelor of Engineering
Science & humanities departments
Chemistry/Environmental Science Department
English Department
Mathematics Department
Managerial Science Department
Computer Programming Department
Physics Department
Rankings
The National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) ranked it 159 among engineering colleges in 2021.
Sports
The college has a playground of two acres. It offers facilities for outdoor and indoor games such as cricket, football, volleyball, basketball, badminton and table tennis and chess.
See also
Education in India
Literacy in India
List of institutions of higher education in Telangana
References
External links
Engineering colleges in Hyderabad, India
2000 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2000
Secor is a ghost town in Hardin County, in the U.S. state of Iowa.
History
Secor was laid out in 1888, and named for a railroad employee. A post office was established at Secor in 1883, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1900.
References
Geography of Hardin County, Iowa
Ghost towns in Iowa
1888 establishments in Iowa
Baba Galleh Jallow is a Gambian academic and journalist who was appointed as executive secretary of the Truth, Reconciliation and Reparations Commission (TRRC) in February 2018.
Born in Farafenni, Jallow completed his undergraduate studies at the University of Sierra Leone. He became a journalist, and was appointed as assistant editor of The Daily Observer in 1994, following the coup d'etat. He became editor-in-chief, and fought against the odds to maintain the paper's independence during the first years of the Yahya Jammeh regime. He resigned in 1999 when new owners threatened its independence, and he founded The Independent shortly after. As its editor, Jallow took very strong stances against the regime, especially regarding the April 2000 Gambian student massacre. He was a constant target of harassment from government forces, and was in such danger that he was forced into exile in the United States in September 2000.
Jallow completed a master's degree at Rutgers University and a PhD at the University of California, Davis, in African history. He lectured at Creighton University, Nebraska, from 2011 to 2015, before becoming an assistant professor at La Salle University, Pennsylvania. He has published a number of academic books on African history, especially leadership, politics, social justice, and Catholics in Africa. He began working as a visiting professor at the University of The Gambia in 2017, and took a two-year leave of absence from La Salle following his appointment to the TRRC in 2018.
Early life
Jallow was born in Farafenni, and nearly dropped out of school growing up. He attended Armitage High School and Gambia High School and completed his undergraduate studies at Fourah Bay College, University of Sierra Leone.
Journalistic career
After graduating from Fourah Bay College, Jallow worked for the National Council for Arts and Culture as a research assistant, and then the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) as an assistant registrar. During his time at the WAEC, Jallow began writing a short story column for The Daily Observer, called 'Story of the Week'. One week after the 1994 coup d'etat, in which army officer Yahya Jammeh seized power from elected president Dawda Jawara, Jallow left his job at the WAEC and was appointed assistant editor of the Observer by Kenneth Best.
The Daily Observer
Jallow subsequently became editor-in-chief of the paper. He maintained a strong independent editorial policy at the paper, which led to him being arrested multiple times by the police and the National Intelligence Agency (NIA). Immigration officers were stationed at the entrance to the paper's building to check the papers of everyone who came in. During this time, it became clear the paper would not survive for very long, so Jallow developed the idea for a new independent paper, The Independent.
Jallow resigned in 1999 shortly after the paper was bought by Amadou Samba, a close friend of Jammeh. Jallow was offered to stay on as editor-in-chief, but he was told that the paper's news editor, Demba Ali Jawo, was going to be sacked, and Jallow suspected this was related to critical comments he had made about Jammeh's regime in his weekly column. Jallow told that management that he would not edit a paper that fired journalists due to their opinions, and so when Jawo was fired, the next day Jallow submitted his resignation.
The Independent
After leaving the Observer, Jallow founded The Independent. Compared to other private newspapers such as The Point and Foroyaa, Jallow said "I think we were probably more reckless, if you like, in our brand of independent journalism." The paper had the motto 'Truth is our Principle', and was known for its "hard-hitting" editorials. Within three weeks of being published, the paper was forced to close for 'failure to register'. After formally registering, the paper resumed publication, but the NIA and police continued their harassment. On one occasion, all of the paper's staff were taken into waiting vehicles and detained briefly at the NIA headquarters. The paper was petrol-bombed twice, and its new Heidelberg press was burnt to the ground by Jammeh sympathisers.
The paper reported extensively on the April 2000 Gambian student massacre and published a number of strongly-worded editorials about the incident, and the paper continued its firm stance after the report of the commission of inquiry. Shortly after, the government claimed Jallow was not Gambian, and immigration officers interrogated him and his parents, who ID cards were permanently seized. Jallow heard from a government source that they were planning on deporting him to an unknown country. With concerns about his own safety, Jallow applied to the US Embassy for a visa and he left for the United States in September 2000.
Academic career
After regularising his immigration status in the United States, Jallow was accepted onto the master's program in Liberal Studies at the Camden campus of Rutgers University in New Jersey. He graduated from this in May 2005, and was accepted onto the doctoral program in African Studies at Howard University. A year later, he transferred to the same program at the University of California, Davis, from which he graduated in 2011. He taught African History at Creighton University in Nebraska for four years. In 2015, he became an assistant professor at La Salle University in Pennsylvania. In 2017, Jallow was appointed as a visiting professor at the University of The Gambia, teaching the master's degree program in African History.
As an academic, his research interests have been the history of colonial and postcolonial Africa, censorship, press freedom, and state formation in Africa. He has also researched Catholics and social justice in Africa. He has published a number of books on leadership and politics. Jallow has published a number of academic books, and academic articles, including in the Vienna Journal of African Studies, the Journal of Asian and African Studies, Interventions, the Journal of Critical Southern Studies, and the Journal of Religion and Society. He also published a collection of essays about Gambian politics, called Defying Dictatorship, in 2017.
Truth, Reconciliation and Reparations Commission
In February 2018, it was announced that Jallow had been appointed as executive secretary of the Truth, Reconciliation and Reparations Commission. He was granted a two-year leave of absence from La Salle and was formally sworn-in at a ceremony at the State House on 1 March. Following the Faraba shooting, Jallow published an open letter to President Adama Barrow, imploring justice for the victims.
References
Living people
Gambian academics
Gambian journalists
Rutgers University alumni
University of California, Davis alumni
People from Farafenni
Fourah Bay College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Sierra Leone alumni
The siege of Calcutta was a battle between the Bengal Subah and the British East India Company on 20 June 1756. The Nawab of Bengal, Siraj ud-Daulah, aimed to seize Calcutta to punish the company for the unauthorised construction of fortifications at Fort William. Siraj ud-Daulah caught the Company unprepared and won a decisive victory.
Origins
A trading post had been established in the area of Calcutta at the end of the seventeenth century by the East India Company, who purchased the three small villages that would later form the base of the city, and began construction of Fort William to house a garrison. In 1717 they had been granted immunity from taxation throughout Bengal by the Mughal emperor Farrukhsiyar. The city flourished, with a large volume of trade travelling down the Ganges River.
The attitude of the Nawabs of Bengal, the regional governors of the territory, had been one of limited toleration towards the European traders (the French and Dutch as well as the British); they were permitted to trade, but taxed heavily.
When the elderly Alivardi Khan died in 1756, he was succeeded as Nawab of Bengal by his grandson, Siraj ud-Daulah. The policy of the government changed abruptly; instead of the practical and sober approach of Alivardi, Siraj was mistrustful and impetuous. He was particularly distrustful of the British, and aimed to seize Calcutta and the large treasure he believed would be held there. From the moment he became Nawab he began searching for a pretext to drive the company from his lands; he found two.
First pretext
The first pretext centered around Kissendass, the son of a high-ranking Bengali official, Raj Ballabh, who had incurred Siraj-ud-Daula's displeasure. When he was released after a brief imprisonment, Ballabh had arranged for the company to allow Kissendass to enter Calcutta along with the son's pregnant wife and family fortune, while Ballabh joined forces with those who opposed Siraj-ud-Daula's succession. The fact that the Calcutta officials continued to harbor Kissendass after Siraj-ud-Daula had become nawab—and had spurned his demand that they surrender the young man and his fortune to him—nurtured the young ruler's conviction that the company were actively plotting with his enemies at court.
Second pretext
The second incident concerned the construction of new fortifications by both the Company and French at their Bengali strongholds. Both had long been battling for dominance along the southeast coast of India, known as the Carnatic. So far, they had kept the peace in Bengal, their rivalries confined to the marketplace. But with war, though as yet undeclared, being waged between the two nations in Europe, officials at Calcutta and Chandernagore decided that their long-neglected defenses needed to be strengthened in case hostilities erupted in Bengal.
When the newly enthroned nawab learned of the new fortifications, he immediately ordered them to halt their work and to raze any new construction, promising to protect both foreign enclaves from attack as his grandfather had before him. The French, realizing just how tenuous their position in Bengal really was, meekly replied that they were not building foreign fortifications, merely repairing their existing structures.
The Company reacted differently. Roger Drake, the 35-year-old acting governor general of Calcutta, stated that they were only preparing for their own protection-strongly implying that the nawab would be powerless to provide it.
Siege
First Battles
Rumours quickly spread that the Company gathered forces from Madras (now Chennai) and planned to invade Bengal.
By the end of May, a huge army of 50,000 strong, had been assembled under the command of Raj Durlabh. The nawab sent a letter to Governor Drake. It was no less than a declaration of war.
The first disaster to befall the Company came quickly. On 3 June the nawab's forces surrounded the ill-prepared East India Company fort at Cossimbazar, whose numbered only 50 men. Two days later, the garrison surrendered; the only shot fired was by the garrison commander, who committed suicide rather than submit. The nawab's army confiscated all Company guns and ammunition, then marched on to Calcutta.
Fort William
When the news of disaster finally reached Fort William, the fog of complacency there was replaced by panic and indecision.
Acting Governor Drake combined a disastrous incapacity for planning and decision making with a degree of personal arrogance that had already alienated most of his fellow countrymen. The few men there who were capable and levelheaded were too low in the company's hierarchy, and their advice was ignored.
After the small garrison at Cossimbazar was lost, Drake and the council sent desperate pleas for help to the French and Dutch settlements. Neither wanted to join the Company in their predicament.
The Company then implored the authorities in Madras to send reinforcements — but the issue had been decided before the letters could be answered. Drake then attempted to appease the nawab's anger by promising to submit to all of his demands, but it was too late.
Only then did the council members begin to examine the state of Fort William — and found that the fort had been neglected for so long that it was falling apart. The walls of the fort (18 feet tall, 4 feet thick) were crumbling in many places. Along the east wall large openings had been excavated during the long years of peace to admit air and light. The wooden platforms of the bastions were so rotten that they could support far fewer cannons than intended, and most of the cannons proved unusable in any case. All the south wall warehouses, or godowns, had been erected outside the fort, which precluded any flanking fire from the two south bastions.
The East India Company's chief engineer, John O'Hara, advised the council to demolish the buildings surrounding the fort so the defenders could have a clear shot at an enemy attacking from any direction. The council members' and chief military officers' houses would have to be leveled, so the council ignored O'Hara's suggestion. They decided instead to draw up a defensive line that encompassed the Company Enclave that huddled about Fort William, leaving the sprawling expanse of native dwellings and marketplaces known as "Black Town"--home to well over 100,000 Indians—to the mercy of the attacking army.
Batteries were placed across the three main thoroughfares leading to the fort from the North, South, and East. The smaller streets were blocked by palisades.
The plan that was drawn up would require the defensive line to be adequately manned. Yet when the garrison was mustered, everyone, including Captain-Commandant Minchin, was surprised to find only 180 men fit for duty, and only 45 were British or Irish. The rest were European half-castes, whose fighting capabilities were deemed questionable.
A militia was hastily formed from the young Company apprentices (who were known as 'writers'), the crews of many vessels that still crowded the harbor, and the European population. Manningham, and Frankland whom Drake had made Colonel and Lieutenant Colonel were appointed to command the militia. The militia added another 300 men to the defense of Calcutta, for a total of 515 troops.
Defensive preparations were hampered by the disappearance of native manpower, as their lascars fled along with most of Black Town's population as the news of Siraj ud Daula's approach spread.
Omichand
Omichand was the only Hindu wealthy enough to own a house in the European "White Town". Omichand recently had lost the prestigious position of chief investing and purchasing agent for the East India Company in its transaction with the Bengalis.
Suspicion grew that, to gain revenge for this considerable slight, Omichand had secretly urged Siraj ud Daula to attack the Companies outpost and that suspicion was confirmed when two letters from the nawab's camp (Siraj ud Daula's camp) were found addressed to Omichand.
Kissendass, who was a house guest at the time of Omichand's plight, was also arrested when found with Omichand. They were then incarcerated in a small jail near Fort William's southeast bastion, in a room that was used to house drunken and disorderly sailors. The cell was ill-lit by two small, barred slits for windows that provided little light. Foul smelling and ovenlike, the small room earned the appropriate nickname, "The Black Hole."
Siraj ud Daula's Advance
On 13 June the advance guard of the nawab's army was within 15 miles of Calcutta, a day's march away. All English women and children were ordered to take refuge in the fort, and the outer batteries and palisades were rushed to completion. He then surrounded Fort William, and then assaulted the south wall. The gunners had no time to bring their guns up, and the Indians swarmed in. They then attacked the rest of the fort, and in little time, the fort was captured.
Aftermath
The captured prisoners were held in a prison called the Black Hole. A narrative by one John Zephaniah Holwell, plus the testimony of another survivor to a select committee of the House of Commons, placed 146 Company prisoners into a room measuring 18 by 15 feet, with only 23 surviving the night. The story was amplified in contemporary literature, becoming a notorious incident, but the facts are now widely disputed.
The city - renamed "Alinagar" - was only lightly garrisoned by the Indians, and was recaptured in January 1757 by a force led by Robert Clive; the Nawab led a counter-attack, but this was itself attacked outside the city on 2 February and defeated. The result was a recognition of the status quo in the Treaty of Alinagar, signed on the 9th, which permitted the East India Company to remain in possession of the city and to fortify it, as well as granting them an exemption from duties.
However, the situation was fragile. Siraj was forced to send much of his army westwards to protect his territory from Ahmad Shah Durrani, leaving him militarily weak; this, coupled with personal unpopularity at home and extensive political machinations at court, gave the East India Company an opportunity to try to replace him with a new Nawab. Meanwhile, Siraj's growing involvement with the French East India Company would provide the pretext to go to war.
The result was the Battle of Plassey, on 23 June 1757, which was a decisive defeat for Siraj - betrayed by Mir Jafar, a military commander who had agreed to change sides. The battle firmly established East India Company control over Bengal, with Mir Jafar the new Nawab; it is generally seen as the start of Company rule in India, and the first major step in the development of the British Empire in India.
See also
Great Britain in the Seven Years War
Notes
References
Calcutta
Calcutta
18th century in Kolkata
Military history of British India
Conflicts in 1756
1756 in India
Zhifu District is an urban district of the prefecture-level city of Yantai in Shandong Province, China.
Name
As a separate city, Zhifu's name was variously romanized as Chefoo, and . Although this name was used for the city by foreigners prior to the Communist victory in the Chinese Civil War, the locals referred to the settlement as Yantai (q.v.) throughout.
History
The area was inhabited as early as the Neolithic period by the Dongyi people. It was part of Qi County during the Qin dynasty.
Formerly a small unwalled fishing village, Zhifu grew when its harbor was chosen to act as the international port for the larger city of Tengchow (now Penglai) nearby. It now forms part of the urban core of Yantai.
Administrative divisions
As 2012, this district is divided to 12 subdistricts.
Subdistricts
Education
Chefoo School previously educated foreign children.
References
Citations
Bibliography
.
Yantai
A Royal Divorce is a 1926 British historical drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Gwylim Evans, Gertrude McCoy and Lillian Hall-Davis. It was based on a play by C.C. Collingham and depicts the romantic relationship and political divorce between Napoleon and his wife Josephine. It was remade as a sound film, A Royal Divorce, in 1938.
Cast
Gwylim Evans - Napoleon
Gertrude McCoy - Josephine
Lillian Hall-Davis - Stephanie
Gerald Ames - Marques de Beaumont
Mary Dibley - Marie-Louise
Jerrold Robertshaw - Talleyrand
Tom Reynolds - Grimand
Mercy Peters - King of Rome
References
External links
1926 films
British silent feature films
British historical drama films
1920s historical drama films
Films directed by Alexander Butler
Biographical films about Napoleon
Cultural depictions of Joséphine de Beauharnais
Cultural depictions of Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord
British black-and-white films
1926 drama films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
Silent drama films
Ameryka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Ameryka
The Ouya ( ), stylized as OUYA, is an Android-based microconsole developed by Ouya Inc. Julie Uhrman founded the project in 2012, bringing in designer Yves Béhar to collaborate on its design and Muffi Ghadiali as VP of Product Management to put together the engineering team. Development was funded via Kickstarter, raising 8.5 million, becoming one of the website's highest earning projects in its history.
Units started to ship to Kickstarter backers in March 2013 and were released to the general public in June 2013. It features an exclusive Ouya store for applications and games designed specifically for the Ouya platform, of which the majority are casual games targeted at or used by a mass audience of casual gamers. Out of the box, Ouya supports media apps such as Twitch and the Kodi media center. It runs a modified version of Android Jelly Bean, with rooting being officially encouraged. The console's hardware design allows it to be easily opened up, requiring only a standard screwdriver for easy modding and possible hardware add-ons.
All systems can be used as development kits, allowing any Ouya owner to also be a developer, without the need for licensing fees. All games were initially required to have some kind of free-to-play aspect, whether that be completely free, has a free trial, or has purchasable upgrades, levels, or other in-game items. This requirement was later removed.
Despite the successful Kickstarter campaign, the Ouya was criticised after launch as a commercial failure. Sales were lackluster, game developers failed to embrace the platform, and incentives offered to promote adoption failed causing financial problems for Ouya Inc. and forcing the company to wind down the business. Its software assets were sold to Razer Inc., who announced the discontinuation of the console in July 2015. Razer continued to provide software support for existing Ouya units until June 2019, when it shut down the Ouya storefront, services and accounts, rendering the console unusable as every app required the device to report to the store website before launching.
History
Ouya was announced on July 3, 2012 as a new home video game console, led by Julie Uhrman, the chief executive officer of Santa Monica, California-based Boxer8, Inc. (later rebranded Ouya, Inc. on August 13, 2012). On July 10, Ouya started a campaign to gauge how many people were interested in the project. Boxer8 confirmed having a working prototype with in-progress software and user interface. It features an Nvidia Tegra 3 chip and a price tag of $99 ($95 for 1000 "early birds" backers of the Kickstarter campaign).
The Kickstarter fundraising goal was $950,000, with a month to reach that goal; within 8 hours it surpassed $1 million. Funding continued to increase as more models were made available at various funding levels. According to Kickstarter, in reaching its goal, Ouya holds the record for best first-day performance of any project hosted to date. Within the first 24 hours, the project attracted one backer every 5.59 seconds. Ouya became the eighth project in Kickstarter history to raise more than a million dollars and was the quickest project ever to do so. The Kickstarter campaign finished on August 9 with $8,596,475 at 904% of their goal. This made the Ouya Kickstarter the fifth-highest earning in the website's history at the time.
Ouya units for Kickstarter funders started to ship on March 28, 2013. On June 25, 2013, the Ouya was released to the public for $99.
Ouya announced the "Free the Games Fund" in July 2013 with the goal to support developers making games exclusively for their system with Ouya matching a Kickstarter campaign's pledge dollar-for-dollar if a minimum of $50,000 is raised, but only if the game will be an Ouya exclusive for six months.
In October 2013, Uhrman stated that the company planned on releasing a new iteration of the Ouya console sometime in 2014, with an improved controller, double the storage space, and better Wi-Fi. On November 23, 2013, a limited edition white Ouya with double the storage of the original and a new controller design was available for pre-order at $129.
As of January 1, 2014, the limited edition white Ouya went off sale and cannot be found on the official store, nor from any official resellers. On January 31, 2014, a new black version of the Ouya was released with double storage and new controller design.
In January 2015, Ouya received an investment of US$10 million from Alibaba with the possibility of incorporating some of Ouya technologies into Alibaba's set-top box.
In April 2015, it was revealed that Ouya was trying to sell the company because it failed to renegotiate its debt. On July 27, 2015, it was announced that Razer Inc. had acquired Ouya's employees and content library and that Ouya hardware was now discontinued. The deal does not include Ouya's hardware assets. Owners were encouraged to migrate to Razer's own Forge microconsole; Ouya's content library will be integrated into the Forge ecosystem, and "[the] Ouya brand name will live on as a standalone gaming publisher for Android TV and Android-based TV consoles." On the same day Uhrman stepped down as Ouya's CEO.
The technical team and developer relations personnel behind Ouya joined the software team of razers, which developed its own game platform called the Forge TV. The Forge TV was discontinued in 2016.
On May 21, 2019, Razer released a statement which announced that online accounts and services would be discontinued on June 25, 2019. According to Razer, most apps will become unusable on the platform, many relying on the user accounts to work. Razer suggests that users may be able to transfer purchases to other storefront platforms like Google Play, if developers and publishers agree to such.
Hardware
The Ouya is a cube designed to be used with a TV as the display via an HDMI connection. It ships with a single wireless controller, but it can also support multiple controllers. Games are available via digital distribution or can be side-loaded.
Specifications
Notes:
Hardware video decode supported by experimental XBMC using libstagefright.
Controller
The Ouya controller is a typical gamepad with dual analog sticks, a directional pad, 4 face buttons (labeled O, U, Y, and A) and pairs of back bumpers and triggers. It also includes a single-touch touchpad in the center of the controller. The Ouya controller also has magnetically attached faceplates which enclose the 2 AA batteries, one on each side of the removable plates.
Alternate controllers may be used with the console (including those from the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Wii) but only for compatible games.
Reception
Pre-release
While initial reception of the Ouya was positive, raising $3.7 million on Kickstarter in the first two days, there were a number of vocal critics who were skeptical of the ability of the fledgling company to deliver a product at all. On July 12, 2012, PC Magazines Sascha Segan ran an op-ed entitled "Why Kickstarter's Ouya Looks Like a Scam" which was critical not only of the Ouya but of all Kickstarter-funded hardware projects. Unreality Magazine defended the Ouya, stating "A scam implies some sort of intentionally illegal deceit. [...] Tapping multiple investors from multiple sources isn't a scam, it's not even illegal, it's business."
Engadget reviewed the Kickstarter pre-release version of the Ouya on April 3, 2013. While praising the low cost and ease of hacking the console, it reported issues with controller buttons becoming stuck beneath the controller plating and the right analog stick snagging on the plating. It also reported a slight lag between the controller and the console and went on to say the controller was "usable, but it's far from great."
The Verge reported similar issues with the controller and questioned its construction quality. While they praised the hacking and openness of the console, calling it "a device with lots of potential and few true limitations", the review was mostly negative and was critical of the interface and game launch choice and stated that "Ouya isn't a viable gaming platform, or a good console, or even a nice TV interface."
Retail reception
Tom's Hardware summarized early media reviews of the Ouya as "lukewarm".
Engadget reviewed the retail version of the Ouya, and noted a largely improved experience as compared to what they found with their pre-release unit. Improvements to the gamepad were "huge", and they found "that the UI has been cleaned up and sped up". Engadget concluded that their "latest experience with the Android-based gaming device [left them] feeling optimistic" and that the company was "taking customer feedback seriously".
Digital Trends called the final retail console "a device with a lot of potential built with love", and called the design a "sleek and cool-looking cube filled with gamingy goodness". The mostly positive review cited a lot of potential for the future, but was tempered by noting deficiencies in performance ("as powerful as many current smartphones"), and pointing out that the Ouya won't be able to compete with the "big three" console makers on performance, but must rely on carving out a niche in the market.
ExtremeTech found that Ouya "has a number of serious faults". They mentioned the sub-par controller, the connectivity issues, and games which worked flawlessly on smartphones but stuttered on the console. Also, they remarked that "there just aren't enough worthwhile games to play".
Sales
Market analyst NPD Group described Ouya sales in its first month as "relatively light", while several outlets noted low sales of games on the service in initial reports from developers. In April 2014, developer Maddy Thorson stated that their title TowerFall, the Ouya's most popular game at the time, had only sold 7,000 copies for the console. The Ouya in total sold around 200,000 units.
Free the Games Fund
In July 2013, Ouya announced the "Free the Games Fund", a scheme to help fund developers, where Ouya would match any Kickstarter campaign if a minimum target of $50,000 was reached, and provided the game remained Ouya exclusive for six months. Suspicions were raised concerning the first two games to reach the target. Commentators noticed the small number of backers each pledging a high value amount, the large number of those who had never backed a project before, as well as the use of duplicate names and avatars that included those of celebrities. This led some to suggest that the projects were artificially inflating their project's backing in order to receive extra money from Ouya. In addition, one project had a backer whose identity appeared to be taken from that of a missing person's case.
Nevertheless, Ouya rejected any suspicion regarding the backing of the projects, and planned to continue with providing funding. In September 2013, funding for one of the games that had reached its target (Elementary, My Dear Holmes) was later suspended by Kickstarter. The developers of the other funded game, Gridiron Thunder, threatened litigation against a commenter on the Kickstarter page, and further dismissed concerns that they would have no rights to official NFL branding, a license currently held by Electronic Arts. In the same month, another project, Dungeons the Eye of Draconus, caused controversy by openly stating that a relative of one developer had provided substantial additional backing in order to have the project qualify for money from the Free the Games fund. The project was removed by Ouya from the Free the Games fund, resulting in the developers removing the project from Kickstarter.
Many developers criticized the fund's rules. Sophie Houlden removed her game, Rose and Time, from the Ouya marketplace in protest. Matt Gilgenbach, who was trying to finance his game Neverending Nightmares with help from the fund, said, "It would kill me if due to other projects abusing the Free the Games Fund, people lost confidence in our project and what we are trying to do...While I believe in the idea of the Free the Games Fund, I think it definitely could use some reform in light of the potential avenues for abuse." A month later, Sophie revealed that she and several other developers had been in talks with Ouya boss Julie Uhrman, who accepted their criticism, saying: "Developers were telling us over and over, 'You're being too idealistic, and you're being too naive.' That was the part that personally took me a while to understand." Ouya changed the fund rules, including adding a dollar-per-backer limit. Satisfied the matter was resolved, Rose and Time was returned to the Ouya marketplace, and Neverending Nightmares qualified for funding under the new rules.
On September 18, 2013, Ouya modified the exclusivity clause of the fund. Developers would still not be able to release their software on mobile devices, video game consoles, and set-top boxes during the six-month exclusivity period, but they would be allowed to release on other personal computer systems, such as Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux, during that time.
See also
Free-to-play
Homebrew (video games)
Independent video game development
List of Ouya software
OnLive
Open source video game
References
Further reading
External links
(archived)
Android-based video game consoles
ARM-based video game consoles
Kickstarter-funded video game consoles
Products introduced in 2013
Microconsoles
Eighth-generation video game consoles
Discontinued video game consoles
Razer Inc.
2010s toys
El Santo Niño is a small village in Baja California Sur in La Paz Municipality. The village had a population of 24 as of 2010.
References
Populated places in Baja California Sur
La Paz Municipality (Baja California Sur)
Dragoș Gheorghe (; born 10 January 1999) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești, on loan from Liga III club Astra Giurgiu.
Career
Gheorghe made his senior debut for Astra Giurgiu on 4 November 2019, being brought on for Constantin Budescu in the 84th minute of a 4–0 Liga I victory over Politehnica Iași. On 31 July 2021, he scored his first goal for the club in a 1–2 Liga II loss to Metaloglobus București.
On 13 January 2022, Gheorghe moved to rival side Petrolul Ploiești on a one-and-a-half-year loan deal.
Honours
Astra Giurgiu
Cupa României runner-up: 2020–21
Petrolul Ploiești
Liga II: 2021–22
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ploiești
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
Liga III players
FC Astra Giurgiu players
FC Petrolul Ploiești players
Pahari Kinnauri, or Kinnauri Pahari (Takri: ), also known as Oras Boli (Takri: ), is a Western Pahari of northern India. It is spoken by different tribal groups in Kinnaur District; the language used to be commonly known as ‘Kinnauri Tribal language', but this is now considered a derogatory term. It is not clear how distinct it is from other varieties of Himachali.
Script
The native script of the language is a variety of Takri script.
Status
The language is also commonly called Pahari or Himachali. The language has no official status and is recorded under Kinnauri or Pahari. According to the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO), the language is of definitely endangered category, i.e. many Kinnauri Pahari children are not learning Kinnauri Pahari as their mother tongue any longer. One of the reason is he favoritism towards Hindi by the Indian Government.
A demand for the inclusion of 'Pahari (Himachali)' under the Eight Schedule of the Constitution, which is supposed to represent multiple Pahari languages of Himachal Pradesh, was made in the year 2010 by the state's Vidhan Sabha. There has been no positive progress on this matter since then, despite small organisations making efforts to save the language. Due to political interest, the language is currently recorded as a dialect of Hindi, even when having a poor mutual intelligibility with it.
As of now, there is no proposal to grant any status to Kinnauri.
References
Northern Indo-Aryan languages
Indo-Aryan languages
Languages of Himachal Pradesh
Endangered languages of India
is a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party, a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Fukushima Prefecture, he graduated from National Defense Academy of Japan with a major in applied physics and joined the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF). In the JGSDF, he was the commander of the Japanese Iraq Reconstruction and Support Group. After his retirement as colonel in 2007, he was elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 2007.
References
External links
in Japanese.
1960 births
Living people
Anti-Korean sentiment in Japan
Japan Ground Self-Defense Force personnel
Japanese people of the Iraq War
Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) politicians
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
National Defense Academy of Japan alumni
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Bx-tree}}
In computer science, the Bx tree is a query that is used to update efficient B+ tree-based index structures for moving objects.
Index structure
The base structure of the Bx-tree is a B+ tree in which the internal nodes serve as a directory, each containing a pointer to its right sibling. In the earlier version of the Bx-tree, the leaf nodes contained the moving-object locations being indexed and corresponding index time. In the optimized version, each leaf node entry contains the id, velocity, single-dimensional mapping value and the latest update time of the object. The fanout is increased by not storing the locations of moving objects, as these can be derived from the mapping values.
Utilizing the B+ tree for moving objects
As for many other moving objects indexes, a two-dimensional moving object is modeled as a linear function as O = ((x, y), (vx, vy), t ), where (x, y) and (vx, vy) are location and velocity of the object at a given time instance t, i.e., the time of last update. The B+ tree is a structure for indexing single-dimensional data. In order to adopt the B+ tree as a moving object index, the Bx-tree uses a linearization technique which helps to integrate objects' location at time t into single dimensional value. Specifically, objects are first partitioned according to their update time. For objects within the same partition, the Bx-tree stores their locations at a given time which are estimated by linear interpolation. By doing so, the Bx-tree keeps a consistent view of all objects within the same partition without storing the update time of an object.
Secondly, the space is partitioned by a grid and the location of an object is linearized within the partitions according to a space-filling curve, e.g., the Peano or Hilbert curves.
Finally, with the combination of the partition number (time information) and the linear order (location information), an object is indexed in Bx-tree with a one-dimensional index key Bxvalue:
Here index-partition is an index partition determined by the update time and xrep is the space-filling curve value of the object position at the indexed time, denotes the binary value of x, and “+” means concatenation.
Given an object O ((7, 2), (-0.1,0.05), 10), tmu = 120, the Bxvalue for O can be computed as follows.
O is indexed in partition 0 as mentioned. Therefore, indexpartition = (00)2.
O's position at the label timestamp of partition 0 is (1,5).
Using Z-curve with order = 3, the Z-value of O, i.e., xrep is (010011)2.
Concatenating indexpartition and xrep, Bxvalue (00010011)2=19.
Example O ((0,6), (0.2, -0.3 ),10) and tmu=120 then O's position at the label timestamp of partition: ???
Insertion, update and deletion
Given a new object, its index key is computed and then the object is inserted into the Bx-tree as in the B+ tree. An update consists of a deletion followed by an insertion. An auxiliary structure is employed to keep the latest key of each index so that an object can be deleted by searching for the key. The indexing key is computed before affecting the tree. In this way, the Bx-tree directly inherits the good properties of the B+ tree, and achieves efficient update performance.
Queries
Range query
A range query retrieves all objects whose location falls within the rectangular range at time not prior to the current time.
The Bx-tree uses query-window enlargement technique to answer queries. Since the Bx-tree stores an object's location as of sometime after its update time, the enlargement involves two cases: a location must either be brought back to an earlier time or forward to a later time. The main idea is to enlarge the query window so that it encloses all objects whose positions are not within query window at its label timestamp but will enter the query window at the query timestamp.
After the enlargement, the partitions of the Bx-tree need to be traversed to find objects falling in the enlarged query window. In each partition, the use of a space-filling curve means that a range query in the native, two-dimensional space becomes a set of range queries in the transformed, one-dimensional space.
To avoid excessively large query region after expansion in skewed datasets, an optimization of the query algorithm exists, which improves the query efficiency by avoiding unnecessary query enlargement.
K nearest neighbor query
K nearest neighbor query is computed by iteratively performing range queries with an incrementally enlarged search region until k answers are obtained. Another possibility is to employ similar querying ideas in The iDistance Technique.
Other queries
The range query and K Nearest Neighbor query algorithms can be easily extended to support interval queries, continuous queries, etc.
Adapting relational database engines to accommodate moving objects
Since the Bx-tree is an index built on top of a B+ tree index, all operations in the Bx-tree, including the insertion, deletion and search, are the same as those in the B+ tree. There is no need to change the implementations of these operations. The only difference is to implement the procedure of deriving the indexing key as a stored procedure in an existing DBMS. Therefore, the Bx-tree can be easily integrated into existing DBMS without touching the kernel.
SpADE is moving object management system built on top of a popular relational database system MySQL, which uses the Bx-tree for indexing the objects. In the implementation, moving object data is transformed and stored directly on MySQL, and queries are transformed into standard SQL statements which are efficiently processed in the relational engine. Most importantly, all these are achieved neatly and independently without infiltrating into the MySQL core.
Performance tuning
Potential problem with data skew
The Bx tree uses a grid for space partitioning while mapping two-dimensional location into one-dimensional key. This may introduce performance degradation to both query and update operations while dealing with skewed data. If grid cell is oversize, many objects are contained in a cell. Since objects in a cell are indistinguishable to the index, there will be some overflow nodes in the underlying B+ tree. The existing of overflow pages not only destroys the balancing of the tree but also increases the update cost. As for the queries, for the given query region, large cell incurs more false positives and increases the processing time. On the other hand, if the space is partitioned with finer grid, i.e. smaller cells, each cell contains few objects. There is hardly overflow pages so that the update cost is minimized. Fewer false positives are retrieved in a query. However, more cells are needed to be searched. The increase in the number of cells searched also increases the workload of a query.
Index tuning
The ST2B-tree introduces a self-tuning framework for tuning the performance of the Bx-tree while dealing with data skew in space and data change with time. In order to deal with data skew in space, the ST2B-tree splits the entire space into regions of different object density using a set of reference points. Each region uses an individual grid whose cell size is determined by the object density inside of it.
The Bx-tree have multiple partitions regarding different time intervals. As time elapsed, each partition grows and shrinks alternately. The ST2B-tree utilizes this feature to tune the index online in order to adjust the space partitioning to make itself accommodate to the data changes with time. In particular, as a partition shrinks to empty and starts growing, it chooses a new set of reference points and new grid for each reference point according to the latest data density. The tuning is based on the latest statistics collected during a given period of time, so that the way of space partitioning is supposed to fit the latest data distribution best. By this means, the ST2B-tree is expected to minimize the effect caused by data skew in space and data changes with time.
See also
B+ tree
Hilbert curve
Z-order (curve)
References
B-tree
Georgia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Archery
Individual
Judo
Powerlifting
Swimming
Women
Wheelchair fencing
Women
See also
Georgia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Georgian sport
Michael Ball, Jr. is a former professional American football player who played safety for six seasons for the Indianapolis Colts.
References
1964 births
Living people
Players of American football from New Orleans
American football safeties
Southern Jaguars football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Lucas Henrique Turci is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Memphis 901 in the USL Championship.
Career
Turci played at youth level with various clubs in Brazil including São Paulo, Corinthians, and Cruzeiro. He then moved to Germany, playing at various lower levels, including spells with 1. CfR Pforzheim and Union Fürstenwalde.
On 11 March 2022, Turci signed for USL Championship club Memphis 901 ahead of their 2022 season.
References
1998 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
FSV Union Fürstenwalde players
Memphis 901 FC players
USL Championship players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Association football defenders
Regionalliga players
The Europe/Africa Zone is one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 1988.
In the Europe/Africa Zone there are two different tiers, called groups, in which teams compete against each other to advance to the upper tier. Winners in the Europe Zone Group II advance to the Europe/Africa Zone Group I in 1989.
Participating nations
Draw
are promoted to Group I in 1989.
First round
Norway vs. Malta
Second round
Poland vs. Luxembourg
Greece vs. Turkey
Norway vs. Monaco
Ireland vs. Cyprus
Third round
Greece vs. Poland
Ireland vs. Norway
Fourth round
Ireland vs. Greece
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone
Europe Zone Group II
Ralph Ergham (or Erghum; died 1400) was the English bishop of Salisbury from 1375 to 1388, and then bishop of Bath and Wells from 1388 to 1400.
Ergham was Chancellor of John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster from 1373 to 1377. On 12 October 1375 he was selected to be Bishop of Salisbury, and was consecrated on 9 December. On 3 April 1388 he was transferred to the see of Bath and Wells. Ergham was a member of King Richard II's first council, representing John of Gaunt's interests. He died on 10 April 1400.
The executors of his will are named as: Agnes Rabbas, his sister; Thomas Tery, canon of Wells and John Podemour.
Citations
References
Hospitals of St Mary Magdalen, Preston
McKisack, May The Fourteenth Century
Bishops of Salisbury
Bishops of Bath and Wells
14th-century English Roman Catholic bishops
1400 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Chancellors of the Duchy of Lancaster
Bruce Stokes Collie (born June 27, 1962 in Nuremberg, Germany) is a former professional American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers and the Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at the University of Texas at Arlington and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1985 NFL Draft.
A born-again Christian, Collie now resides with his wife, Holly, and 13 children Devyn (1993), Jordyn (1994), Jensen (1995), Denton (1996), Branson (1997), Cameron (1998), Bergyn (2000), Calyn (2001), Hadyn (2002), Hansen (2004), Daltyn (2005), Jadyn (2007) and Dennison (2009) in Wimberley, Texas, where he brews beer & sells pizza. He operated Wimberley Brewing Company & Brewster's Pizza, a micro-brewery & pizza business in a building he designed and built himself located at "The Junction" on Ranch Road-12 @ FM-32 in Wimberley, Texas, until it closed in 2020. In 2010, he coached the San Marcos Homeschool Panther's varsity football team.
Collie is an advocate of the Tim Tebow bill that would allow homeschoolers in Texas to play sports offered by public schools.
References
1962 births
Living people
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football players
San Francisco 49ers players
Philadelphia Eagles players
American football offensive guards
German players of American football
People from Wimberley, Texas
Sportspeople from Nuremberg
Bielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Numbor Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Kininien
02. Harua
03. Wamaian
04. Sasenumbohu
05. Niakandogum
06. Neimo
07. Niagombi
08. Mushuagen
09. Waremba
10. Nimbogu
11. Abawia
12. Hambuke
13. Hanyak
14. Numindogum
15. Nangumarum
16. Tangori 1
17. Sasoya
18. Tangori 2
19. Papieng
20. Huaripmogum
21. Nungori
22. Para
23. Paparom
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
David Alexander Sy Licauco (born June 15, 1994) is a Filipino actor and model.
Education
He finished high school at Grace Christian College and then finished college at De La Salle–College of Saint Benilde.
Career
Prior to becoming a TV actor and a professional model, he started modelling inside the campus for several school event posters. His modelling flair was discovered in the shores of Boracay. He then landed a modelling job via Mr. and Ms. Chinatown on ABS-CBN which opened him opportunities in modelling and acting. In the succeeding months, he walked for several fashion shows such as those of Cosmopolitan, Coca-Cola, and Bench, and graced magazine covers including Candy Magazine, Chalk Magazine, and Garage Magazine. He briefly appears in GMA Network and GMA News TV shows.
He is known for portraying Malik for GMA Network's Mulawin vs. Ravena.
Personal life
Licauco's parents are both of Filipino descent. He works as a model and a basketball player. He then pursued his acting career as he signed a contract with GMA Artist Center last 2016.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Filipino male television actors
Filipino male models
Filipino people of Chinese descent
Filipino actors of Chinese descent
De La Salle–College of Saint Benilde alumni
The 1927 Providence Steam Roller season was their third in the league. The team improved on their previous season's output of 5–7–1, winning eight games. They finished fifth in the league.
Schedule
Standings
References
Providence Steam Roller seasons
Providence Steam Roller
Tihomir "Tim" Orešković (; born 1 January 1966) is a Croatian Canadian businessman who was Prime Minister of Croatia from January to October 2016.
Born in Zagreb, Orešković emigrated to Canada at a young age and spent most of his life there. He studied at McMaster University and graduated with a B.Sc. in chemistry in 1989 and an MBA in finance and information systems in 1991. Before taking office as Prime Minister, Orešković served as CEO and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Croatian pharmaceutical giant Pliva, as head of European financial management for Israeli Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, and as Chief Financial Officer for Teva's division of global generics.
In the aftermath of a parliamentary election held on 8 November 2015 where no party secured enough seats necessary to form government, and the ensuing 76 days of negotiations, Orešković was named as a technocratic non-partisan compromise for the post of Prime Minister by the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) and the coalition Bridge of Independent Lists (Most) on 23 December 2015. He was formally named Prime Minister-designate on the same day by President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović. Orešković formed the 13th Croatian Government, made up of two deputy prime ministers and 20 ministers on 22 January 2016.
As Prime Minister, Orešković introduced fiscal controls aimed at reducing public expenditures and lowering the public debt and deficit. However, his government was marked by tense relations between the two governing parties, with political maneuvering behind the scenes resulting in a government crisis in May 2016. Contrary to expectations that he would take direction from HDZ, the new Prime Minister showed his independence going against HDZ recommendations on several occasions. On June 16, 2016, the HDZ introduced a vote of no-confidence, which brought the government down and early parliamentary elections were called for September. Although Orešković initially considered running for re-election as a candidate of Most, he returned to the private sector. On 19 October 2016, Orešković was succeeded by the new Prime Minister, Andrej Plenković from the HDZ.
Early life and education
Orešković was born in Zagreb on 1 January 1966 to Đurđa and Dane Orešković. While he was still an infant, he moved with his parents to Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. In 1989, he graduated with a degree in chemistry from McMaster University in Canada. In 1991, he graduated with an MBA in finance and information systems from the same university. Orešković is married to Sanja Orešković (née Dujmović), also from Zagreb, with whom he has two daughters and two sons.
Professional career
His professional career began in 1992 in the production of American pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly where he held various functions in the field of finance and international business. His last position in the company was the position of Director for relations with the state administration and economic affairs.
After leaving Eli Lilly in August 2005, he continued his career in the Canadian pharmaceutical company Novopharm (now: Teva Canada), as VP of Business Development, Specialty Products and CFO. Orešković started working for Pliva in 2009 as chief financial officer for Eastern Europe, and in 2010 was appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer for Eastern Europe, the Mediterranean, Israel and Africa. Orešković holds dual Croatian and Canadian citizenship.
Political career
Orešković was contacted by the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) several months before the 2015 parliamentary elections over a possible minister position in the new government. Following the parliamentary elections held on 8 November and the ensuring 76 days of negotiations during which a new Prime Minister could not be named, finally on 23 December 2015 it was announced that HDZ and Bridge of Independent Lists (Most) would name him as their compromise candidate for Prime Minister. On the same day President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović handed him the mandate to try and form a government in the next 30 days. Orešković, a self-described fiscal conservative and a centrist, started forming his cabinet with the two parties in January. He named his cabinet on 21 January 2016 and the Orešković Cabinet was approved through a vote of confidence from Parliament on 22 January, constitutionally the last possible date of Orešković's 30-day mandate during which he was to name a government.
Prime Minister (2016)
The 13th Government of Croatia was approved by 83 MPs, 61 voted against and 5 abstained during the confirmation vote. Orešković's government included two Deputy Prime Ministers: Tomislav Karamarko, president of HDZ, who is the first deputy, and Božo Petrov, president of Most. Orešković's main tasks were to cut the public debt and bring investors to Croatia that had just emerged from a six-year recession. Orešković said that his government will achieve a GDP growth of above 3%, reduce the public debt below 80%, cut the unemployment rate to 14% and raise the country's credit rating. His plan included the privatization of non-strategic assets, more investments in tourism, energy and infrastructure, taxation of unused property and increased use of EU funds.
His government faced its first political challenge with the resignation of the Minister of Veterans Affairs Mijo Crnoja, only 6 days into his term, on 28 January 2016. His replacement, Tomo Medved was appointed as minister on 21 March 2016.
On 13 March, the Parliament adopted the 2016 state budget. The budget projected a deficit below 3% in 2016, GDP growth of 2% and the reduction of public debt from 86.9% to 86.8% of GDP. In mid April, the IMF increased the Croatian GDP growth forecast for 2016 from 1% to 1.9%. In the first quarter of 2016, revenues to the budget increased for 3.7%, and expenditures decreased by 6.5%. GDP growth was 2.7%.
On 22 April, representatives of the Jewish and Serb minorities and an anti-fascist group boycotted the official commemoration for the victims of the Jasenovac concentration camp, in protest to what they said was an inadequate reaction by the authorities to events that "downplayed and revitalized" the crimes of the Ustashe regime.
In June, Orešković and Economy Minister Tomislav Panenić signed contracts for onshore hydrocarbon exploration and exploitation with oil companies including INA and Vermilion Energy, worth €88 million. In case gas and oil is found in the exploration fields, located in Slavonia, it is estimated that revenues to the state budget would be between around €600 million (3,4 billion HRK) and €900 million (6,8 billion HRK) yearly. Orešković announced the first stage implementation of the Adria LNG terminal on Krk, the Križevci-Dugo Selo railway project worth €200 million, and the Pelješac Bridge worth €430 million. A new public procurement bill was adopted by the government, that replaced the lowest price criterion with the economically most favourable offer.
At the end of June, public debt was 3.9 billion HRK lower than at the end of 2015. June was also the fourth consecutive month of an annual decline of public debt. Budget deficit fell by 5.1 billion HRK in the first six months of 2016, making up 0.7% of GDP. GDP growth reached 2.8% in the second quarter.
Government crisis
Orešković's cabinet had been plagued by tensions between the two governing parties, HDZ and Most, particularly over the INA, Croatia's national oil company, and the Ministry of the Interior., which culminated in the conflict of interest affair labeled The Consultant Affair, when it was revealed that Tomislav Karamarko's wife had business contacts with a consultant of the Hungarian oil company MOL which was a party in an arbitration processes with Croatia over INA. As a result, a vote of no confidence against Karamarko was initiated by the Parliamentary opposition, asking for Karamarko to step down, which he refused to do.
On 3 June 2016, in an attempt to find a compromise solution for the growing crisis, Orešković called on both Karamarko and Petrov to resign their positions for the sake of stability of the country. Petrov was ready to do so, while Karamarko was not. Afterwards, HDZ initiated a vote of no confidence against the Prime Minister and started forming a new majority in the Parliament. Most continued to support Orešković and asked for Karamarko's resignation.
On 15 June 2016, the Commission for Conflict of Interest determined that Karamarko had been in a conflict of interest in The Consultant Affair, so Karamarko offered his resignation as Deputy Prime Minister while vowing to challenge the ruling at the Constitutional court. On the following day, the confidence vote in Parliament took place and resulted in the fall of Orešković's government by a vote of 125 MPs in favor, 15 against and 2 abstentions. Both the HDZ and most of the opposition voted in favor, while Most voted against. The fall of Orešković's government led to the Parliament's self-dissolution on 15 July 2016, and early elections in the second half of 2016.
Orešković was Croatia's first prime minister not to be a member of a political party while in office and is also the wealthiest person to have held the position, with a reported net worth of around 22,2 million kuna (3,2 million US dollars) in late February 2016. Having held office for a little under eight months, he was the shortest-serving Prime Minister of Croatia since Hrvoje Šarinić in 1993 and his term was also the briefest since the replacement of a semi-presidential system with an incomplete parliamentary system in 2000. Orešković was the first, and to date only, Prime Minister to have been forced out of office by a parliamentary motion of no confidence.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Zagreb
Politicians from Zagreb
Croatian emigrants to Canada
Naturalized citizens of Canada
McMaster University alumni
Canadian chief executives
Prime Ministers of Croatia
Altamirano is a town in Brandsen Partido in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
Rail disaster
On 1 February 1964, it was the site of a head-on train collision in which 70 people were killed.
Population
According to the 2001 census, carried out by the National Institute of Statistics and Census of Argentina (, INDEC), the population count was 258. This represents a loss of 3.7% over 268 in 1991 (the previous census).
External links
Coord and NASA, Google images
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Charles Gilbert Taylor (April 18, 1942 – June 5, 2018) was an American professional baseball player who played in the Major League Baseball as a relief pitcher from 1969 to 1976 for the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Mets, Milwaukee Brewers and Montreal Expos.
Early life
Before being signed by the Cardinals in 1961, Taylor attended Bell Buckle High School and then Middle Tennessee State University.
Baseball career
St. Louis Cardinals
Taylor spent three years (1961 to 1963) in the St. Louis Cardinals minor league system before being traded on February 17, 1964 to the Houston Colt .45s with first baseman/outfielder Jim Beauchamp for outfielder Carl Warwick.
He spent only one full season in the Colt '45s/Astros farm system—1964. Midway through the 1965 season, he was traded back to the Cardinals, this time with pitcher and former All-Star Hal Woodeshick for pitcher and future All-Star Mike Cuellar and pitcher Ron Taylor.
Up until 1968, Taylor had respectable, but not outstanding, statistics in the minors, having been used both as a starter and reliever, and although he had a very good season with the Arkansas Travelers in 1966—posting a 1.31 ERA in 30 games—his success was countered that season with some bad outings with the Tulsa Oilers, where he had an ERA of 6.48 in 21 games.
1968 was perhaps the best season of his entire professional career. As a starter, he appeared in 34 games for the Oilers, allowing only 202 hits in 230 innings, walking just 38 batters, and posting a record of 18 and 7 with a very respectable 2.35 ERA. At 26 years of age, he was fairly old prospect-wise, but still managed to impress the St. Louis Cardinals enough to put him on their roster for 1969.
On May 27, 1969, Taylor made his big league debut with the Cardinals, appearing in relief of pitcher Ray Washburn, and it was ultimately Taylor who gave up the winning run to the opposing team, the Atlanta Braves.
Taylor was used both as a reliever and starter in his debut season, appearing in 27 games total, starting 13 of them, and posting a 7–5 won–loss record. His ERA was exactly a point below the league average: 2.56.
New York Mets
Taylor's next two seasons, 1970 and 1971, proved to be successful as well. Both years, he was used almost entirely as a reliever, posting ERAs of 3.11 and 3.53, respectively.
He was traded with Jim Beauchamp, Harry Parker and Chip Coulter to the Mets for Art Shamsky, Jim Bibby, Rich Folkers and Charlie Hudson on October 18, 1971.
Milwaukee Brewers
1972 was not a very successful year for Taylor. In fact, he ended up spending a large portion of it in the minors, where he posted a 4.70 ERA in 26 games. In the Majors that year, Taylor had a 5.52 ERA with the Mets before being selected off waivers by the Brewers in September. In 11 innings with the Brewers that year, he posted a 1.54 ERA, bringing his season ERA down to 4.43.
Montreal Expos
In March 1973, Taylor was released by the Brewers and signed by the Montreal Expos a couple of weeks later. In his first year with the Expos, he posted a 1.77 ERA, but appeared in only eight games, where that performance, however, was something of a foreshadowing of what would happen in the year to come.
1974 was the best season of his Major League career. He appeared in relief 61 times, posting a 2.17 ERA in 107 innings. He ranked ninth in the league in game appearances, fifth in the league in saves with 11 and sixth in the league in games finished with 39.
The next two seasons, 1975 and 1976, were not as successful as he posted ERAs of 3.53 and 4.50 respectively. He wrapped up his career in 1976, playing in his final big league game on October 3.
Overall, for his career, Taylor went 28–20 with a 3.07 ERA in 305 big league appearances. Of the 21 games he started, he completed six of them (five of them in one season, 1969) and shut out two. In exactly 607 innings of work, Taylor walked 162 batters and struck out 282. Only twice did his season ERA measure greater than the overall league ERA—in 1972 and 1976.
At the plate, Taylor hit .158 in 101 at-bats, collecting 16 hits. Of those 16 hits, four were doubles and one was a triple. He struck out 34 times and walked only three times.
In the field, he committed two errors in 135 total chances for a .985 fielding percentage.
References
External links
1942 births
2018 deaths
Amarillo Sonics players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Arkansas Travelers players
Baseball players from Tennessee
Denver Bears players
Indianapolis Indians players
Jacksonville Suns players
Johnson City Cardinals players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders baseball players
Middle Tennessee State University alumni
Milwaukee Brewers players
Montreal Expos players
New York Mets players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Peninsula Whips players
People from Shelbyville, Tennessee
San Antonio Bullets players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Tidewater Tides players
Tulsa Oilers (baseball) players
Winnipeg Goldeyes players
Khoshk Rud (, also Romanized as Khoshk Rūd) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 77 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
This is a list of events taking place in 2022 relating to television in the United Kingdom.
Events
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Debuts
BBC
ITV
Channel 4
Channel 5
Sky
Other channels
Channels and streaming services
New channels
New streaming services
Defunct channels/streaming services
Rebranding channels/streaming services
Television programmes
Changes of network affiliation
Returning this year after a break of one year or longer
Continuing television programmes
1920s
1930s
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
Ending this year
Deaths
See also
2022 in the United Kingdom
2022 in British music
2022 in British radio
List of British films of 2022
References
2022 in British television
Libbali-sharrat (Akkadian: Libbāli-šarrat, meaning "the inner city [=Ishtar?] is queen") was a queen of the Neo-Assyrian Empire as the primary consort of Ashurbanipal (669–631 BC). Libbali-sharrat married Ashurbanipal before he became king, probably in 672 BC, and may have lived beyond her husband's death, as documents from the reign of her probable son, Ashur-etil-ilani (631–627 BC) reference the "mother of the king". Libbali-sharrat enjoys the distinction of being the only known individual from ancient Assyria who was not a king to be depicted holding court since she is depicted in one of Ashurbanipal's reliefs as hosting him at dinner in the palace garden, surrounded by her own female servants.
Life
Wife of the crown prince
It is not clear when Libbali-sharrat married Ashurbanipal. The queen of Ashurbanipal's father Esarhaddon (681–669 BC), Esharra-hammat, died in February 672 BC. Contemporary documents recording Esharra-hammat's funeral arrangements record the presence of the queen's daughter and daughter-in-law. Presumably, the daughter was the eldest daughter, Serua-eterat, and the daughter-in-law might have been Libbali-sharrat. In that case, Libbali-sharrat's marriage to Ashurbanipal took place before Esharra-hammat's death, but the daughter-in-law mentioned could also be the wife of another of Ashurbanipal's sons. The Assyriologist Simo Parpola believes that Libbali-sharrat did not marry Ashurbanipal until around the time he became crown prince, in May 672 BC.
The name Libbali-sharrat (Libbāli-šarrat) is unique and not known to have been borne by any other individual. Because it also incorporates the element šarratum ("queen") it might not be her birth name, but rather a name she assumed upon her marriage to Ashurbanipal or when he was designated as crown prince and heir by Esarhaddon. Translated literally, Libbāli-šarrat means "the inner city is queen". "The inner city" might be a term for the goddess Ishtar. Alternatively, the name should perhaps be interpreted as "[in] the inner city, [the goddess] is queen". Libbāli was also the name of the ancient temple quarter at Assur, Assyria's religious center.
There may have existed some tension between Libbali-sharrat and Ashurbanipal's sister Serua-eterat. In 670 BC, near the end of Esarhaddon's reign, Serua-eterat wrote a letter to Libbali-sharrat in which she reprimanded the future queen for not studying and informed her that while Libbali-sharrat would one day become queen, Serua-eterat still outranked her as she was the king's daughter. An alternative reading of the letter is that it was a somewhat brusque attempt at trying to help Libbali-sharrat adjust to royal life, not an attempt to put her in her place. Serua-eterat's letter suggested that Libbali-sharrat may not have been able to read and write at this time, and that shame would be brought on the royal family if she would be unable to do so after becoming queen. Although Libbali-sharrat, as the wife of a member of the Assyrian royal family, would have long been groomed for her role, the letter illustrates that becoming the wife of the crown prince still required big adjustments at even a quite late stage. As can be inferred from later documents, Libbali-sharrat did learn to read and write properly and in time began to share the scholarly and literary interests of her husband, who is famous for assembling the Library of Ashurbanipal.
Queen of Assyria
Beginning under reforms initiated by Sargon II (722–705 BC), the queens of the Sargonid dynasty of Assyrian kings had their own military units sworn directly to them. Among the military staff of Libbali-sharrat was the chariot driver Marduk-šarru-uṣur, who distinguished himself in the 652–648 civil war against Ashurbanipal's brother Shamash-shum-ukin.
Libbali-sharrat is famously depicted along with Ashurbanipal in Ashurbanipal's "Garden Party" relief, wherein the two are depicted as dining, surrounded by Libbali-sharrat's female servants, with Libbali-sharrat herself sitting opposite her husband in a high-backed chair. Ashurbanipal meanwhile is depicted reclining on a couch. The royal couple are in the relief raising their cups up in celebration over Ashurbanipal's 653 BC victory over Elam, with the head of the Elamite king Teumman hanging from one of the trees. Libbali-sharrat's high status as consort is illustrate in the relief by how close she is to the king as well as her jewelry and dress. Ashurbanipal is shown to have greater power still, as he is depicted slightly larger and higher up in the image. A striking detail with the "Garden Party" relief, however, is that while Ashurbanipal does not wear his crown, Libbali-sharrat does. The fact that she is seated while Ashurbanipal is reclining is also significant, since sitting on a throne was a divine and royal privilege. This means that the entire scene is actually organized around Libbali-sharrat, rather than Ashurbanipal. The relief is the only known surviving image from ancient Assyria depicting an individual other than the king not only effectively holding court but also hosting the king.
In addition to the "Garden Party" relief, another contemporary depiction of Libbali-sharrat, on a stele, is known. This portrait shows the queen in a formal pose making some form of ritualistic gesture with a plant. Noblewomen in Assyria, including queens, regularly made donations to temples and dedications to the gods as a way to garner divine favor and support. One such dedication written by Libbali-sharrat is known, which reads:
Libbali-sharrat was presumably the mother of Ashurbanipal's immediate successors, Ashur-etil-ilani (669–631 BC) and Sinsharishkun (669–631 BC), given that sons born of Ashurbanipal's lower-ranking wives, such as a son by the name of Ninurta-sharru-usur, appear to not have played any political roles. Libbali-sharrat might have lived for some time after Ashurbanipal's death in 631 BC, as there is a tablet dating to Ashur-etil-ilani's reign referencing the "mother of the king".
Notes
References
Bibliography
Neo-Assyrian Empire
Sargonid dynasty
7th-century BC births
Ancient Assyrians
Ancient Mesopotamian women
Assyrian queens
Year of death unknown
7th-century BC people
