The Plan de la Noria was a revolutionary call to arms intended to oust Mexican President Benito Juárez, who had been elected to a fourth term. Liberal General Porfirio Díaz issued it on 8 November 1871, immediately following his defeat by Juárez in the presidential election. Neither Juárez, Díaz, nor the third candidate, Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada, won a majority of votes. As a result, the Mexican Congress had to choose the victor; it was dominated by Juáristas and elected Juárez to his fourth term.
Díaz drafted the Plan de la Noria demanding electoral freedom and no re-election. He gained some supporters from the army and enemies of Juárez, who supported Díaz for their own reasons. He was temporarily defeated by government forces in Oaxaca, where his brother Felix was killed.
After President Juárez died of a heart attack in July 1872, his successor, Chief Justice Sebastián Lerdo, assumed the presidency and pardoned the rebels in an effort to stabilize the country. Lerdo ran for re-election in 1876. Díaz declared another revolt under the Plan de Tuxtepec and overthrew the government.
See also
Plans in Mexican history
References
Further reading
Perry, Laurens Ballard. Juárez and Díaz: Machine Politics in Mexico. DeKalb: Northern Illinois University Press 1978.
Rosas Landa, José. Apuntes y Recuerdos. (Memorias De Las Revoluciones Del Plan De La Noria Y De Tuxtepec) Por El Capitan De Caballeria Jose Rosas Landa. Mexico, 1902. Web.
Plans in Mexico
Liberalism in Mexico
Porfiriato
Lattou is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,256.
References
External links
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Zalina (Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic: Залина, Albanian: Zallinë) is a mountain peak located along the border of Kosovo and North Macedonia. Part of the long mountain ridge of the Šar Mountains, it has an elevation of above sea level. Nearby is a small mountain lake.
References
Notes
Šar_Mountains
Two-thousanders of Kosovo
Two-thousanders of North Macedonia
Ovaj zid stoji krivo (On One Side is this Wall Bent) is the second studio album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label Tom Tom Music in 1991. The album was released in LP and cassette format only and was rereleased on CD only as a part of the compilation album Obojeni program consisting of the material from the first two studio albums.
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Obojeni Program.
Personnel
The band
Bedov Miroslav — bass guitar
Edi Keler — drums
Zoran Lekić "Leki" — guitar
Branislav Babić "Kebra" — vocals
Additional personnel
Momir Grujić "Fleka" — design [logo]
Toba — photography
Dušan Kojić "Koja" — production
Vlada Žeželj — recorded by
References
Ovaj zid stoji krivo at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
NS rockopedija, novosadska rock scena 1963-2003, Mijatović Bogomir, SWITCH, 2005
Obojeni Program albums
1991 albums
Ceracanthia soraella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Druce in 1899, and is known from Mexico, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Panama, Belize, French Guiana, Ecuador, and Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1899
Phycitinae
Mayne () is a civil parish in County Kilkenny, Ireland. It lies within the historical barony of Fassadinin.
References
Civil parishes of County Kilkenny
This is a list of municipalities in Canada which have standing links to local communities in other countries known as "town twinning" (usually in Europe) or "sister cities" (usually in the rest of the world).
A
Abbotsford
Fukagawa, Japan
Armstrong
Rathfriland, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom
Ashcroft
Bifuka, Japan
Aurora
Leksand, Sweden
B
Barrhead
Chapala, Mexico
Drouin (Baw Baw), Australia
Kitami, Japan
Barrie
Harrogate, England, United Kingdom
Taizhou, China
Zweibrücken, Germany
Beaconsfield
Verneuil-sur-Seine, France
Belleville
Gunpo, South Korea
Lahr, Germany
Zhucheng, China
Blainville
Chambéry, France
Bouctouche
St. Martinville, United States
Bracebridge
Gol, Norway
Brampton terminated all its twinnings.
Brantford
Kamianets-Podilskyi, Ukraine
Ostrów Wielkopolski, Poland
Brockville
Ontario, United States
Bromont
Cabourg, France
Burlington
Apeldoorn, Netherlands
Itabashi (Tokyo), Japan
Burnaby
Hwaseong, South Korea
Kushiro, Japan
Mesa, United States
Zhongshan, China
C
Calgary
Daejeon, South Korea
Daqing, China
Jaipur, India
Naucalpan de Juárez, Mexico
Phoenix, United States
Quebec City, Canada
Campbell River
Ishikari, Japan
Camrose
Kamifurano, Japan
Kentville, Canada
Saguenay, Canada
Warwick (Southern Downs), Australia
Yichun, China
Canmore
Higashikawa, Japan
Cantley
Ornans, France
Cape Breton
Dalian, China
Givenchy-en-Gohelle, France
Wałbrzych, Poland
Cap-Pelé
Broussard, United States
Carleton Place
Comrie, Scotland, United Kingdom
Franklin, United States
Castlegar
Enbetsu, Japan
Stephenville, Canada
Yueyang, China
Cavan Monaghan
Monaghan, Ireland
Charlottetown
Ashibetsu, Japan
Châteauguay
Cambrai, France
Châteaugay, France
Moose Jaw, Canada
Chatham-Kent
Bielawa, Poland
Gangbuk (Seoul), South Korea
Harpers Ferry, United States
Cobourg
Coburg, Germany
Cold Lake
Hügelsheim, Germany
Collingwood
Boone, United States
Katano, Japan
Zihuatanejo, Mexico
Coquitlam
Paju, South Korea
Cornwall
Coventry, England, United Kingdom
Côte Saint-Luc
Ashkelon, Israel
Cranbrook
Coeur d'Alene, United States
D
Didsbury
Miki, Japan
Dieppe
Carencro, United States
Dieppe, France
Drummondville
Braine-l'Alleud, Belgium
Kochersberg (communauté), France
La Roche-sur-Yon, France
E
Edmonton
Gatineau, Canada
Harbin, China
Nashville, United States
Wonju, South Korea
G
Gimli
Akureyri, Iceland
Goderich
Bay City, United States
Granby
Ancona, Italy
Carrefour, Haiti
Coventry, England, United Kingdom
Hammam-Lif, Tunisia
Windsor, Canada
Grand Forks
Spremberg, Germany
Grande Prairie
Mazatlán, Mexico
Greater Sudbury
Kokkola, Finland
Guelph
Castelfranco Veneto, Italy
Loria, Italy
Treviso, Italy
H
Halifax
Campeche, Mexico
Hakodate, Japan
Norfolk, United States
Zhuhai, China
Halton Hills
Wenjiang (Chengdu), China
Hamilton
Abruzzo, Italy
Flint, United States
Fukuyama, Japan
Ma'anshan, China
Mangalore, India
Monterrey, Mexico
Racalmuto, Italy
Shawinigan, Canada
Hampstead
Kiryat Shmona, Israel
Hanna
Wake, Japan
Hinton
Wanouchi, Japan
Hope
Izu, Japan
I
Iqaluit
Qeqqata, Greenland
J
Jasper
Hakone, Japan
Joliette
Brive-la-Gaillarde, France
K
Kamloops
Uji, Japan
Kawartha Lakes
Nayoro, Japan
Kelowna
Kasugai, Japan
Kenora
Shimokawa, Japan
Kentville
Camrose, Canada
Castel di Sangro, Italy
Kimberley
Annaka, Japan
Kingston
Cienfuegos, Cuba
Scottsdale, United States
Kingsville
Westlake, United States
L
Lacombe
Rikubetsu, Japan
Lac-Mégantic
Dourdan, France
Farmington, United States
Lake Cowichan
Date, Japan
Laval
Botoșani, Romania
Klagenfurt, Austria
Laval, France
Manila, Philippines
Nice, France
Pedro Aguirre Cerda, Chile
Ribeira Grande, Portugal
San Salvador, El Salvador
Lethbridge
Anyang, China
Culver City, United States
Great Falls, United States
Saint-Laurent (Montreal), Canada
Timashyovsk, Russia
Towada, Japan
Lévis
Le Grand-Quevilly, France
London
Nanjing, China
Longueuil
Lafayette, United States
Whitby, Canada
Lorraine
Saint-Dié-des-Vosges, France
M
Markham
Cary, United States
Nördlingen, Germany
Wuhan, China
Mirabel
Châlons-en-Champagne, France
Miramichi
Monaghan, Ireland
Mission
Oyama, Japan
Mississauga
Kariya, Japan
Moncton
Lafayette, United States
North Bay, Canada
Montreal
Algiers, Algeria
Antananarivo, Madagascar
Athens, Greece
Busan, South Korea
Hiroshima, Japan
Lucknow, India
Lyon, France
Montréal-la-Cluse, France
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Shanghai, China
Tunis, Tunisia
Yerevan, Armenia
N
Nanaimo
Haikou, China
Saitama, Japan
Nanton
Senantes, France
Nelson
Baie-Saint-Paul, Canada
Izu, Japan
Kaoma District, Zambia
Neuville
Neuville-de-Poitou, France
New Westminster
Lijiang, China
Moriguchi, Japan
Quezon City, Philippines
North Bay
Moncton, Canada
North Vancouver
Chiba, Japan
Huizhou, China
O
Oakville
Dorval, Canada
Huai'an, China
Neyagawa, Japan
Oliver
Bandai, Japan
Ottawa
Beijing, China
Catania, Italy
Owen Sound
Dayi County, China
Miamisburg, United States
Ocho Rios, Jamaica
P
Penticton
Ikeda, Japan
Perth
Asago, Japan
Perth, Scotland, United Kingdom
Peterborough
Ann Arbor, United States
Monaghan, Ireland
Port Alberni
Abashiri, Japan
Port Hardy
Numata, Japan
Prince Albert
Jilin City, China
Prince George
Maardu, Estonia
Prince Rupert
Cangzhou, China
Ketchikan, United States
Owase, Japan
Princeville
Saint-M'Hervé, France
Q
Quebec City
Bordeaux, France
Calgary, Canada
Namur, Belgium
Xi'an, China
Quesnel
Shiraoi, Japan
R
Regina
Jinan, China
Renews-Cappahayden
Athenry, Ireland
Repentigny
Bergerac, France
Richmond
Pierrefonds-Roxboro (Montreal), Canada
Wakayama, Japan
Xiamen, China
Richmond Hill
Lakeland, United States
Netanya, Israel
Shijiazhuang, China
S
Saguenay
Angoulême, France
Camrose, Canada
Saint John
Bangor, United States
Donghae, South Korea
Newport, United States
Shantou, China
Saint-Lambert
La Flèche, France
Vernon, Canada
Saint-Sulpice
Saint-Jean-d'Angély, France
Saint-Valentin
Rikubetsu, Japan
Sainte-Adèle
Mingguang, China
Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts
Lagny-sur-Marne, France
Saranac Lake, United States
Sainte-Brigitte-de-Laval
Yerres, France
Sainte-Thérèse
Annecy, France
Lagoa, Portugal
Salaberry-de-Valleyfield
Combs-la-Ville, France
Penglai (Yantai), China
Safi, Morocco
Salmon Arm
Inashiki, Japan
Saskatoon
Chernivtsi, Ukraine
Shijiazhuang, China
Umeå, Sweden
Sault Ste. Marie
Forssa, Finland
Maia, Portugal
Sault Ste. Marie, United States
Shawinigan
Chambéry, France
Hamilton, Canada
Sherbrooke
Montpellier, France
Shippagan
Loudun, France
Sidney
Anacortes, United States
Cairns, Australia
Niimi, Japan
Sparwood
Kamisunagawa, Japan
Squamish
Shimizu, Japan
Stony Plain
Shikaoi, Japan
St. Catharines
Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago
St. John's
Waterford, Ireland
St. Thomas
Bowling Green, United States
Xuyi, China
Summerland
Toyokoro, Japan
Summerside
Stirling, Scotland, United Kingdom
Surrey
Kōtō (Tokyo), Japan
Zhuhai, China
T
Taber
Higashiōmi, Japan
Tecumseh
Frosinone, Italy
Oldcastle, Ireland
Tecumseh, United States
Terrebonne
Vitré, France
Thunder Bay
Duluth, United States
Gifu, Japan
Jiaozuo, China
Little Canada, United States
Seinäjoki, Finland
Tillsonburg
Hengshui, China
Timmins
Naoshima, Japan
Toronto
Chicago, United States
Chongqing, China
Frankfurt am Main, Germany
Milan, Italy
Trois-Rivières
Tours, France
V
Vancouver
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
Guangzhou, China
Los Angeles, United States
Odessa, Ukraine
Yokohama, Japan
Varennes
El Jadida, Morocco
Vaughan
Baguio, Philippines
Delia, Italy
Lanciano, Italy
Ramla, Israel
Sanjō, Japan
Sora, Italy
Yangzhou, China
Vegreville
Kolomyia Raion, Ukraine
Stryi, Ukraine
Vernon
Anandpur Sahib, India
Frankenburg am Hausruck, Austria
Modesto, United States
Saint-Lambert, Canada
Tavullia, Italy
Tome, Japan
Victoria
Khabarovsk, Russia
Morioka, Japan
Napier, New Zealand
Suzhou, China
Victoriaville
Colomiers, France
W
Wetaskiwin
Ashoro, Japan
Whistler
Karuizawa, Japan
Whitby
Longueuil, Canada
Whitby, England, United Kingdom
White Rock
Imperial Beach, United States
Whitecourt
Yūbetsu, Japan
Whitehorse
Juneau, United States
Lancieux, France
Ushiku, Japan
Windsor
Changchun, China
Coventry, England, United Kingdom
Fujisawa, Japan
Granby, Canada
Gunsan, South Korea
Lublin, Poland
Mannheim, Germany
Las Vueltas, El Salvador
Ohrid, North Macedonia
Saint-Étienne, France
Saltillo, Mexico
Udine, Italy
Winnipeg
Beersheba, Israel
Chengdu, China
Jinju, South Korea
Kuopio, Finland
Lviv, Ukraine
Manila, Philippines
Minneapolis, United States
Reykjavík, Iceland
San Nicolás de los Garza, Mexico
Setagaya (Tokyo), Japan
Taichung, Taiwan
Woodstock
Pesche, Italy
Sylvania, United States
Y
Yellowknife terminated all its twinnings.
References
Canada
Lists of cities in Canada
Lists of populated places in Canada
Foreign relations of Canada
Populated places in Canada
Elden is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World (富貴逼人) is a 1987 Hong Kong Chinese New Year film, directed by Clifton Ko. It starred Bill Tung and Lydia Sum as parents of the dysfunctional Piu family. The daughters were played by Elsie Chan, Loletta Lee and Pauline Kwan.
The comedy was very popular and the original cast of Tung, Shum, Chan, Lee and Kwan reappeared in its sequels It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World II (富貴再逼人) (1988), It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World III (富貴再三逼人) (1989) and It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World Too (富貴黃金屋) (1992). The plots of the films are all about the family becoming suddenly rich, usually through lotteries. The family also made a cameo appearance in The Banquet (1991).
Cast
This is a partial list of cast.
Bill Tung - Uncle Bill
Lydia Sum - Aunty Lydia
Eric Tsang - Smiley Joe
Charine Chan Ka-Ling - Jody's teacher
David Chiang - John
Rachel Lee Lai-Chun - Loletta
Pauline Kwan Pui-Lam - Jody
Leung San - Miss Lui Mor
Raymond Fung Sai-Hung - Mr Fung
Cheng Siu-Ping - Auntie Nam
Elsie Chan Yik-Si - May
Release
It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World was released in Hong Kong on January 28, 1987, marking of the Chinese New Year's Eve. It grossed a total of HK$27,141,624 on its initial release.
References
External links
IMDb entry: It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World
IMDb entry: It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World 2
IMDb entry: It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World III
IMDb entry: It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World Too
Hong Kong films
1987 films
1987 comedy films
Chinese New Year films
Films directed by Clifton Ko
1980s Hong Kong films
The Park Gate Iron and Steel Company was a British company that smelted iron ore and turned it into rolled steel and semi-finished casting products. Its works were at Parkgate, South Yorkshire on a triangular site bounded on two sides by the main road between Rotherham and Barnsley (A633) and the North Midland Railway main line between and . It also operated ironstone quarries in Northamptonshire and Leicestershire.
Early history
Records from 1823 show the establishment of a Parkgate Ironworks by Samuel Sanderson and a Mr Watson. This was at the junction of Rotherham Road and Taylors Lane with part of the works facing the Greasbrough Canal. The company was sold in 1832 and became the Birmingham Tin Plate Company. Over the years, along with the business changing hands several times, the works expanded across Rotherham Road to the Park Gate site, which continued until the 1970s. The first blast furnace was installed in 1839 and, after another change in ownership, a mill for the rolling of railway rails was installed in 1845.
In 1854 Samuel Beale and Company made the cast iron armour plating for Isambard Kingdom Brunel's ocean liner . Samuel Beale retired in 1864 and his son incorporated the company under the name Parkgate Iron Company Limited.
Two more blast furnaces were brought into operation in 1871. Further new plant was added over the next decade, including a slab mill, a large plate mill, a billet mill and three open hearth furnaces. In 1888 the company was renamed the Parkgate Iron & Steel Company Limited to reflect its increase in steelmaking.
By 1908 the works had converted entirely to steel production and until 1946 its main products were steel ingots for further processing, in particular steel plate and armour plate for shipbuilding and solid bar products ranging from to . The company also made sectional shapes and in particular arches and props for mining.
In 1914 the company opened new head offices on Broad Street, Rotherham by James Knight.
Iron and steel making plant
After World War I the company bought land at nearby Roundwood, and by 1920 a tenth open hearth furnace was added and new rolling capacity on , and rolling mills began production.
In 1946 steel plate rolling ended. In 1953 the continuous bar mill was completed, which was to roll both straight and coiled bar. In 1963 the new site covered some and the Roundwood site, beside the Midland Main Line north of the main works, and covering another was starting production. The plant then included two mechanically-charged blast furnaces feeding 10 open hearth steel making furnaces which, in turn, fed two primary mills for rolling blooms and billets and six finishing mills rolling a wide range of blooms, billets, slabs, sections, bars and strip. The Roundwood site had an 11" continuous bar mill and a narrow hot strip mill. Capacity at the time was about 425,000 tons of carbon, low alloy, and free-cutting steel and ingots.
In 1951 the 1945–51 Labour Government nationalised most large British iron and steel companies under the Iron & Steel Act 1949. The Parkgate company became part of the resulting Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain. After the 1951 General Elections the 1951–57 Conservative Government privatised most of the corporation, and in 1956 Parkgate was sold to Tube Investments. Major development work was planned for a site at Aldwarke, to begin production in the 1960s. This included Kaldo process basic oxygen steelmaking plant which was fed from the blast furnaces at Parkgate, ladles being moved by rail between the sites. This development also included hot rolling facilities. By the 1970s demand had changed and part of the old plant was demolished, the remainder of the Parkgate site was closed in 1985 with the closure of the heat treatment dept. In 1976 rolling capacity was increased with the coming on stream of the Thrybergh Bar Mill.
Rail links
All the sites had rail links. The original site also had access to the Greasborough canal. The Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (MS&LR) opened its Park Gate branch to serve the works in August 1873. The branch left the main line about south of and passed below the Midland line. Iron ore arrived here from the company's quarries south of Hellidon, Northamptonshire and east of Sproxton, Leicestershire. The company also held shares in iron ore mines at Appleby near Scunthorpe. The Midland Railway had links next to station that served sidings next to the blast furnace plant, ore arriving here from the quarry in Northamptonshire.
When Parkgate opened its quarry at Hellidon in 1917 it had a mineral railway built to link it with the Great Central Main Line at . Parkgate's Sproxton quarry had a mineral railway to link it with the East Coast Main Line south of . A 1917 Manning Wardle steam locomotive that worked first the Hellidon line and later the Sproxton line is preserved on the Kent and East Sussex Railway.
Links to the present site are maintained either through the New Yard, adjacent to the MS&LR line near Parkgate and Aldwarke station, or directly into the 11" mill from the Midland line at Aldwarke Junction. The works have had an internal rail system from its early days and this now takes traffic from the New Yard throughout the site. In the late 1950s the system was dieselised with 10 four-coupled locomotives built by Brush Engineering of Loughborough. In the mid-1960s these were joined by six Brush six-coupled locomotives. The network has been cut back over the years but there is enough work to warrant its retention. The Parkgate fleet was joined by some locomotives from the Rotherham Works of Steel, Peech and Tozer when the latter was closed, including examples built by the Yorkshire Engine Company of Sheffield.
References
External links
Men of Steel (1948)
Progress Parkgate (1961–1965)
Park Gate Iron and Steel Co on Grace's Guide
Companies based in Rotherham
Ironworks and steelworks in England
Steel companies of the United Kingdom
The Anglican Diocese of Adelaide is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia. It is centred in the city of Adelaide in the state of South Australia and extends along the eastern shore of the Gulf St Vincent from the town of Eudunda in the north to Aldgate in the south. The diocesan cathedral is Saint Peter's Cathedral in Adelaide. The diocese was founded in 1847 with Augustus Short as the first bishop. The incumbent Archbishop of Adelaide since 2017 has been Geoffrey Smith, who has also been the Anglican Primate of Australia since 2020.
History
The diocese was founded by letters patent of 25 June 1847 and now forms part of the Province of South Australia, together with the Diocese of Willochra (1915) and the Diocese of The Murray (1969). Since 1970, the Bishop of Adelaide, as the senior bishop of the province (known as the metropolitan), has borne the title of archbishop.
The Most Reverend Jeffrey Driver retired as Archbishop of Adelaide in 2016. Following a process of nomination, an election synod held in December 2016 resolved to invite Geoffrey Smith, then an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Brisbane, to be the 10th Archbishop of Adelaide. He was installed on 28 April 2017. On 7 April 2020, Smith was elected as the Primate of Australia, the first Archbishop of Adelaide to hold the office.
List of bishops and archbishops of Adelaide
Assistant bishops
John Vockler was consecrated coadjutor bishop in 1959. Lionel Renfrey was an assistant bishop of the diocese in 1988.
The current assistant bishops in the diocese are:
Tim Harris - ordained (consecrated) as an assistant bishop and Bishop for Mission and Evangelism in 2011 and became bishop administrator during the 2016–2017 vacancy in the see.
Chris McLeod - ordained (consecrated) on 11 April 2015 as assistant bishop with special responsibility for ministry alongside Aboriginal people in South Australia and National Aboriginal Bishop. Appointed Dean of St Peter's Cathedral in 2021.
Denise Ferguson - consecrated assistant bishop in July 2019, with responsibility for multicultural diversity in ministry, healthcare chaplaincies – covering both hospital and social service based care contexts – and ministry formation.
List of archdeacons
In 1866, there was one archdeaconry: W. J. Woodcock was Archdeacon of Adelaide.
References
External links
Adelaide
Organisations based in Adelaide
1847 establishments in Australia
Anglican Church of Australia Ecclesiastical Province of South Australia
1H-Phenalene, often called simply phenalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH). Like many PAHs, it is an atmospheric pollutant formed during the combustion of fossil fuels. It is the parent compound for the phosphorus-containing phosphaphenalenes.
Reactions
Phenalene is deprotonated by potassium methoxide to give the phenalenyl anion.
See also
Zethrene
Cyclopentadiene
References
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons
Tricyclic compounds
Saurashtra Khedut Sangh ('Saurashtra Farmers League') was a farmers' movement in Saurashtra, India. The organisation was founded under the leadership of Ratibhai Ukabhai, a modest social worker and an erstwhile Indian National Congress member. It had strong support amongst the Leua Patidar community.
Initially the Khedut Sangh was intended to function as a general farmers' body within the Indian National Congress framework. But the organisation failed to obtain support from the Congress leadership and developed into a separate movement. The Socialist Party leader Jaswant Mehta was amongst the supporters of the Khedut Sangh. In its initial phase the group had a more leftist outlook. It accused the Congress Party of pro-urban and pro-Girasdar (landlord) bias, that the party neglected rural and tenants' interests. The Khedut Sangh opposed the mandatory food levy on the peasantry. Once the Girasdari system of land tenancy was abolished, the Khedut Sangh moved to a more rightist outlook and the socialists deserted the organisation. The organisation entered into an electoral alliance with Samaldas Gandhi's Praja Paksha. Nevertheless, the Saurashtra Khedut Sangh maintained more leftist postures than the Gujarat Khedut Sangh (which focused more on landowners' rights than the right of tillers to the land).
In the run-up to the 1951 elections the Saurashtra Khedut Sangh was the main contender against the Congress Party in the state. It had some 42,000 paying members. But it lacked prominent leaders. The organisation presented 37 candidates in the 1951 Saurashtra Legislative Assembly election. It totals the candidates of the party obtained 139,449 votes (14.66% of the votes in the state). One candidate of the party was elected, Mohanlal D. Vaghia from the Liliya constituency. The organization was the second-most voted party contesting the election. It fielded one candidate in the 1951 Lok Sabha election, Vinubhai Jagannath Bhatt in the Madhya Saurashtra seat. He obtained 29,766
votes (21.27% of the votes in the constituency).
By mid-1966 the Saurashtra Khedut Sangh had merged into the Swatantra Party.
References
Political parties in Saurashtra
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Indian National Congress breakaway groups
Speophilosomatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family are notable for being among the few in this order with only 26 segments (counting the collum, the telson, and the segments in between) instead of the 30 usually found in chordeumatidans. The adult males in this family are also notable for involving three leg pairs (pairs 7 through 9) in the gonopod complex rather than the two pairs (pairs 8 and 9) typically modified into gonopods in this order.
Genera:
Speophilosoma Takakuwa, 1949
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
William, Bill, Billy or Willie Slater may refer to:
William Slater (architect) (1819–1872), English architect
William Slater (cricketer) (1790–1852), English cricketer
William Slater (swimmer) (born 1940), Canadian swimmer
William A. Slater (1857–1919), American businessman, art collector, and philanthropist
Bill Slater (broadcaster) (1902–1965), American educator, sports announcer, and radio/television personality
Bill Slater (footballer) (1927–2018), English footballer
Bill Slater (politician) (1890–1960), Australian lawyer, politician and diplomat
Billy Slater (born 1983), Australian rugby league footballer
Billy Slater (footballer) (1858–?), English footballer
Willie J. Slater, American football coach and player
Edward Slater (1917–2016), also known as Bill Slater, Australian biochemist
The 2022 Open de Oeiras III was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the seventh edition of the tournament which was part of the 2022 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Oeiras, Portugal between 20 and 26 June 2022.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Pedro Araújo
Tiago Cação
João Domingues
The following player received entry into the singles main draw as an alternate:
Kyrian Jacquet
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Thomaz Bellucci
Pedro Boscardin Dias
Lucas Gerch
Oscar José Gutierrez
Alexandar Lazarov
Alex Rybakov
Champions
Singles
Kaichi Uchida def. Kimmer Coppejans 6–2, 6–4.
Doubles
Sadio Doumbia / Fabien Reboul def. Robert Galloway / Alex Lawson 6–3, 3–6, [15–13].
References
2022 ATP Challenger Tour
June 2022 sports events in Portugal
2022 in Portuguese sport
At First Sight may refer to:
Prima facie, Latin expression meaning on its first encounter or at first sight
At First Sight (1917 film), 1917 American film
At First Sight (1999 film), 1999 American film
At First Sight (novel), 2005 novel by Nicholas Sparks
At First Sight, Violets Are Blue, 1987 album by The Stems
Inge Karlsson (born 25 September 1946) is a former Swedish footballer. He made 164 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF.
Honours
Club
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan: 1966
References
Swedish footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
1946 births
Living people
Association football defenders
The Moro River Campaign order of battle is a listing of the significant formations that were involved in the fighting during the Moro River Campaign in December 1943, part of the Italian Campaign of World War II.
Allied Forces and organisation
Allied Armies in Italy
C-in-C: General Sir Harold Alexander
Eighth Army
Commander:
General Bernard Montgomery
V Corps
Lieutenant-General Charles Allfrey
1st Canadian Infantry Division (Major-General Christopher Vokes)
No. 1 Defense and Employment Platoon (Lorne Scots)
1st Canadian Infantry Brigade
The Royal Canadian Regiment
The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment
48th Highlanders of Canada
2nd Canadian Infantry Brigade
Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry
The Seaforth Highlanders of Canada
The Loyal Edmonton Regiment
3rd Canadian Infantry Brigade
Royal 22e Régiment
The Carleton and York Regiment
The West Nova Scotia Regiment
1st Canadian Armoured Brigade
11th Armoured Regiment (The Ontario Regiment)
12th Armoured Regiment (Three Rivers Regiment)
14th Armoured Regiment (The Calgary Regiment)
8th Indian Infantry Division (Major-General Dudley Russell)
6th Duke of Connaught's Own (Bengal) Lancers (Reconnaissance regiment)
5th Battalion, (Machine Gun) 5th Mahratta Light Infantry
17th Indian Infantry Brigade
1st Battalion, Royal Fusiliers
1st Battalion, 12th Frontier Force Regiment
1st Battalion, 5th Royal Gurkha Rifles (Frontier Force)
19th Indian Infantry Brigade
1/5th Battalion, Essex Regiment
3rd Battalion, 8th Punjab Regiment
6th Royal Battalion 13th Frontier Force Rifles
21st Indian Infantry Brigade
5th Battalion, Queen's Own Royal West Kent Regiment
1st Battalion, 5th Mahratta Light Infantry
3rd Battalion, 15th Punjab Regiment
4th British Armoured Brigade
44th Royal Tank Regiment
50th Royal Tank Regiment
3rd County of London Yeomanry (Sharpshooters)
2nd Battalion, King's Royal Rifle Corps
XIII Corps
Lieutenant-General Miles Dempsey
2nd New Zealand Division (Lieutenant-General Bernard Freyberg)
4th New Zealand Armoured Brigade
18th Armoured Regiment
19th Armoured Regiment
20th Armoured Regiment
5th New Zealand Infantry Brigade
22nd Battalion
23rd Battalion
28th (Maori) Battalion
6th New Zealand Infantry Brigade
24th Battalion
25th Battalion
26th Battalion
27th Machine Gun Battalion
2nd British Parachute Brigade
4th Parachute Battalion
5th (Scottish) Parachute Battalion
6th (Royal Welch) Parachute Battalion
1st Independent Glider Pilot Squadron, Glider Pilot Regiment
5th British Infantry Division (Major-General Gerard Bucknall)
13th Infantry Brigade
2nd Battalion, Cameronians (Scottish Rifles)
2nd Battalion, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
2nd Battalion, Wiltshire Regiment
15th Infantry Brigade
1st Battalion, Green Howards
1st Battalion, King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry
1st Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment
17th Infantry Brigade
2nd Battalion, Royal Scots Fusiliers
2nd Battalion, Northamptonshire Regiment
6th Battalion, Seaforth Highlanders
5th Reconnaissance Regiment, Reconnaissance Corps
7th Battalion, Cheshire Regiment
German forces and organisation
German Army Group C
Commander:
Field Marshal () Albert Kesselring
German Tenth Army
Commander: Lieutenant General () Joachim Lemelsen
German LXXVI Panzer Corps
General Traugott Herr
1st Parachute Division (Generalmajor Richard Heidrich)
1st Parachute Regiment
3rd Parachute Regiment
4th Parachute Regiment
1st Parachute Artillery Regiment
1st Parachute Anti-tank Battalion
26th Panzer Division (Generalleutnant Smilo Freiherr von Lüttwitz)
26th Panzer Regiment
9th Panzergrenadier Regiment
67th Panzergrenadier Regiment
93rd Panzer Artillery Regiment
93rd Anti-tank battalion
26th Reconnaissance Battalion
65th Infantry Division Generalmajor Hellmuth Pfeifer)
145th Grenadier Regiment
146th Grenadier Regiment
147th Grenadier Regiment
165th Artillery Regiment
165th Anti-tank Battalion
165th Reconnaissance Battalion
90th Panzergrenadier Division Generalleutnant Carl-Hans Lungershausen until 20 December then Oberst Ernst-Günther Baade)
155th Panzergrenadier Regiment
200th Panzergrenadier Regiment
361st Panzergrenadier Regiment
190th Artillery Regiment
190th Panzer Battalion
1/190th Anti-tank Battalion
Notes
References
World War II orders of battle
Italian campaign (World War II)
1943 in Italy
The Mixed duet technical routine competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships will be held on 18 and 20 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 18 June at 13:00. The final was held on 20 June at 14:00.
Green denotes finalists
References
Mixed duet technical routine
Bridgeville is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office is no longer in service.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Sir William Courtenay, 1st Baronet (7 September 1628 – 1 August 1702) was an English politician.
Origins
Courtenay was the eldest son and heir of Francis Courtenay (d. 1638) of Powderham Castle by his second wife Elizabeth Seymour, daughter of Sir Edward Seymour, 2nd Baronet.
Career
He was created a baronet in 1644 by King Charles I but disdained the newly invented variety of title, perhaps on political grounds, and never took out a patent. He was therefore not included in the list of baronets, although the king styled his as such in his commissions.
On 2 April 1660, Courtenay became the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ashburton, Devon. However, he retired from politics after the Restoration and appears not to have been returned in 1661. In 1664 he served as High Sheriff of Devon. In 1677 Courtenay's health prevented him standing for Ashburton but he managed the campaign of the country party. The country party's candidate was unsuccessful, but the government supporters admitted that in a clean election Courtenay's campaign had been very moderate. Notwithstanding that, he had made a new freeholder and "drank him so freely" that he fell downstairs and broke his neck. On 18 February 1679, Courtenay became MP for Devon until 1685. His health prevented him standing in 1688.
After the Glorious Revolution of 1688, Courtenay funded a lavish reception at Forde House, Wolborough, for William of Orange and his council, who had just landed nearby at Torbay. He was not himself present as host, having felt it prudent not to associate himself too strongly to the new regime should it fail. The chair on which the future King William III sat during his first Council of State at Forde is now displayed in the Dining Hall of Powderham Castle.
Marriage and children
Courtenay married Margaret Waller (d. 1694), daughter of Sir William Waller, a parliamentary general in the Civil War, and eventual heiress of her maternal grandfather Sir Richard Reynell (d. 1633) of Forde, Wolborough, Devon, where he had built a new mansion in about 1610. Forde became the couple's main home, possibly due to the damage suffered by Powderham Castle during the Civil War, it's having been captured on 25 January 1646 from the Royalist garrison by the parliamentarian forces under Col. Robert Hammond. Certainly Sir William and his wife were buried at Wolborough and several of their children were baptised there. They had eight children:
Col. Francis Courtenay (1651–1699), the eldest son, who predeceased his father. He married in 1670 Mary Boevey, daughter of William Boevey (d. 1661), a merchant of Dutch ancestry, of Flaxley Abbey, Gloucestershire, brother of the merchant, lawyer, philosopher and pioneering developer of Exmoor, James Boevey (1622–1696). His eldest son and thus heir to his grandfather was Sir William Courtenay, 2nd Baronet (1675–1735) de jure 6th Earl of Devon.
James Courtenay (1655–1727), of Walreddon, Witchurch, Devon. He married Elizabeth Bourbon in 1682.
George Courtenay (born 1657), MP of Fitzford, Devon.
Richard Courtenay (died 1696), married Katherine Waller.
William Courtenay (died 1703), MP for Devon. Married Susanna Kellond. (if this refers to the Susanna Kellond b. c. 1677 daughter of John Kellond married to Bridget Fownes, da. John Fownes, she married William Courtenay, (M.P. for Mitchell 1701) son of Humphrey Courtenay married to Alice Courtenay da. of Peter Courtenay married to Alice Rashleigh.
Elizabeth Courtenay, married John Clobery in 1673.
Margaret Courtenay (1663–1755), married Edmund Reynell.
Jane Courtenay (born 1664), married John Rowe in 1687.
Death and burial
Courtenay died aged 73 and was buried at Wolborough, the parish church of Forde House.
Succession
He was succeeded by his grandson Sir William Courtenay, 2nd Baronet (1675–1735) de jure 6th Earl of Devon.
References
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
1628 births
1702 deaths
High Sheriffs of Devon
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Devon
English MPs 1660
English MPs 1679
English MPs 1680–1681
Earls of Devon (1553 creation)
Members of the Parliament of England for Ashburton
Nini Camps (born in Miami, Florida) is an American folk rock singer-songwriter, who writes music for film and TV while also performing as lead singer of the all-female band Antigone Rising. She currently lives with her family in New York City.
Biography
Born and raised in Miami, Florida, Nini Camps currently lives in New York City. As a solo artist, and making her way into the NYC music scene, Nini performs either behind the bar (under the bar) or cutting her teeth playing in clubs like The Bitter End, The Mercury Lounge, and The Living Room. Nini is self-promoted, hardworking and she has accomplished three independent releases, national tours with artists such as Los Lonely Boys, a stint at Madison Square Garden with Joan Osborne, and a stadium tour as an ambassador to the US during the 2006 World Cup games in Germany.
As a songwriter, Camps won Billboard's Songwriter Award and was Spin's Top 5 Singer-Songwriter for her self-released album "So Long". In 2005, she signed with Cherry Lane Music Publishing and allowed for a change of focus from road warrior to in-house songwriter. The transition was a much-needed break from touring and developing the discipline of writing for other artists, film and TV. With over 50 TV, commercial and film placements (including songs on Brothers and Sisters, Castle, Pretty Little Liars, The Hills, Army Wives Degrassi: The Next Generation which features an unreleased song "Come Away" at the end of episode "Lost in Love Part 2", Pantene, Paseo Paper, Sydney White and end credits for Ramona and Beezus), Nini continues to write and record in NYC and her home studio. After Cherry Lane closed its doors, Nini found a new Music Publishing family with Razor and Tie.
In August 2009, Camps joined the all-female band Antigone Rising, as the new lead singer and rhythm guitarist. The band released a studio CD in August 2011 called "23 Red" – funded through over $40K of fan donations – enabling the band to create their own record label, 'Rising Shine Records.' "23 Red" is distributed through Joan Jett's Blackheart Record label (MMD). Since October 2011, Starbucks worldwide has featured "Everywhere is Home" & "Gracefully" from "23 Red" into regular in-store rotation. A follow-up EP is in the works and slated for spring 2013.
Discography
Love Pie
So Long
Driving You Out
References
External links
Official website
MySpace page
Songwriters from Florida
American women singers
American women guitarists
American entertainers of Cuban descent
American folk musicians
LGBT songwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Stephen A. MacDonald (b. c. 1946) is an American software executive. He is best known for his role as the first Adobe Systems Vice President of Sales and Marketing.
Biography
Early life and education
MacDonald grew up in Nova Scotia, Canada, and received a Bachelor of Science degree from Dalhousie University.
Career
He began his high technology career with Hewlett Packard, where he spent eleven years in international sales and marketing management. MacDonald joined Adobe in 1983, shortly after the company was formed. He went on to become Adobe's General Manager and COO before leaving in 1996 as the company topped $1B in sales.
After leaving Adobe, MacDonald became CEO of Active Software, a startup that helped define the enterprise application integration category. webMethods purchased Active Software in 2000 for $1.3B. Steve also served as an outside board member for two public companies: Verity Inc. and NCD Computing.
Most recently MacDonald co-founded FineEye Color Solutions, where he currently serves as the company's president and CEO. FineEye is a software company that promises to do for color management what PostScript did for publishing.
References
External links
FineEye Color Solutions
1940s births
Living people
American technology chief executives
Dalhousie University alumni
American chief operating officers
Scott Stofferahn is a former member of the North Dakota State House of Representatives from 1982 to 1992. From 1993 to 2001 he was a executive director of the North Dakota Farm Service Agency.
Career
Stofferahn is the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Golden Growers Cooperative since October 15, 2012. Since March 2001, Mr. Stofferahn has worked as State Director for North Dakota Senate Senator Kent Conrad.
Education
He has a Bachelor of Science Degree from North Dakota State University.
Sources
Living people
Members of the North Dakota House of Representatives
North Dakota State University alumni
American chief financial officers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Carpolac Railway Line was a railway line located in the Wimmera region of Victoria that branched off of the Serviceton railway line at Horsham railway station, Victoria. It was opened from Horsham to East Natimuk in August 1887, East Natimuk to Goroke in July 1894 and then from Goroke to Carpolac in May 1927 and closed on December 8, 1986.
Line Guide
Branched from the Serviceton railway line at Horsham station
Remlaw Siding
Vectis
Quantong
East Natimuk junction with the Balmoral railway line
Natimuk
Arapiles
Mitre (formerly St Mary's/Mitre Lake)
Duffholme
Gymbowen
Goroke
Mortat
Carpolac
History
The line was opened in stages from Horsham to East Natimuk in August 1887, East Natimuk to Goroke in July 1894 and Goroke to Carpolac in 1927. It closed from East Natimuk to Carpolac on December 8, 1986 however the last train on the line ran in February or 1986.
in 1910 the railway line in Mitre (formerly St Mary's then known as Mitre Lake) was flooded due to it running at a low elevation through the Mitre Swamp, this resulted in the line being suspended beyond Mitre. A deviation around the swamp was constructed a short time later and the original line was dismantled and formed the main road to Goroke.
Beginning in 1937 and lasting until April 1965 there was a daily mail/passenger train between Horsham/Carpolac. Sometime during the lines life, there was also a daily goods train.
During the 1968-69 grain harvest, the line saw a record number of trains with up to 10 trains a day in operation.. Over the period of the grain harvest, 17,325 wagons of grain were transported along the line as it was transported entirely by rail.
References
Closed regional railway lines in Victoria (Australia)
Railway lines opened in 1887
Railway lines closed in 1986
The blotcheye soldierfish (Myripristis berndti) is a species of soldierfish belonging to the family Holocentridae.
Description
This species grows to a length of TL. The body is oval and laterally compressed and the scales are quite large. The basic colour is silvery pink to pale yellowish, with red scale margins. The opercular membrane is black. The dorsal fin is large and spiny, ranging from yellow to orange-yellow. The other fins are red with white edges. The eyes are large, as this fish is mainly nocturnal. The lower jaw protrudes beyond the upper jaw when mouth is closed. They usually aggregate in mixed-species and mainly feed on plankton. This fish is a target of commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
Distribution and habitat
Myripristis berndti is widespread in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. This species can be found on tropical reefs hiding in caves or under ledges, at depths of from .
References
External links
Australian Museum
Myripristis
Fish described in 1903
Kosin University is a private Christian university in Busan, South Korea. The name "Kosin" is derived from the name of a denomination of Presbyterian churches in Korea that had organized actions against the Empire of Japan. This university was established in 1946 at the end of Japanese rule in Korea.
Campuses
Kosin University consists of two campuses: Songdo campus and Youngdo campus.
Songdo campus : Songdo campus is located in Amnam-dong, Seo-gu, Busan.
College of Medicine - Kosin university Gospel hospital is the one of leading hospitals in Korea for cancer treatment. This hospital was established by the famous founder Dr. Chang Kee-ryo.
College of Nursing
Youngdo campus : Youngdo campus is located in Youngdo-gu, Busan.
College of Theology
College of Humanities and Social Sciences
College of Natural Sciences
College of Arts
Notable alumni and students
Im Ji-kyu, actor
External links
Universities and colleges in Busan
Educational institutions established in 1946
Private universities and colleges in South Korea
1946 establishments in Korea
Volnikovka () is a rural locality () in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Theft of services is the legal term for a crime which is committed when a person obtains valuable services — as opposed to goods — by deception, force, threat or other unlawful means, i.e., without lawfully compensating the provider for these services. It may also overlap with some types of fraud in which payment is made on credit, but under an assumed identity, and ultimately disavowed ("identity theft").
Types
Crimes of this sort are typically prosecuted as larceny, and may be either a misdemeanor or a felony, based upon the value of the services illegally obtained. This category encompasses a wide variety of criminal activity including tampering with (or bypassing) a utility meter so that the true level of consumption is understated, leaving a hotel or restaurant or similar establishment without paying for the service and "turnstile jumping" or other methods of evading the payment of a fare or fee when using a public transit vehicle or entering a private facility normally requiring payment (e.g., jumping over the fence at a fair or concert). Theft of services also occurs in the taxi industry, when a passenger in a taxi flees from the taxi to avoid paying the fee. Another common form is using another entity's dumpster without their permission, as this creates an expense to the party paying for the service.
Theft of this sort should not be confused with reasonable rejection, where, for example, a customer does not pay because the services provided were not as advertised or because the services did not meet reasonable standards of quality. For example, if a roofer installs a new roof, but the roof leaks, the customer might be able to withhold payment until the leak has been fixed. Withholding of payment without reason would be considered larceny.
These statutes have also, on occasion, been applied in the realm of health care, when hospitals or other health care providers have pressed criminal charges against indigent, uninsured patients who were unable to pay for their treatment. This scenario has prompted intense criticism, and is a key issue in the call for a major overhaul of the health care system in the United States.
References
See also
Uttering, including use of forged passes, tickets, coupons, etc.
Fraud, specifically to obtain services.
Blue box, red box: theft of telephone service, usually toll charges, using a tone generator.
Cable theft, illegal access to cable television systems.
Wage theft, failure to pay full wages earned.
Theft
Services sector of the economy
The Pro Golf Tour, formerly the EPD Tour (European Professional Development Tour), is a developmental professional golf tour based in Germany. It is a third-level tour, the highest level of men's golf in Europe being the European Tour, and the second level being the Challenge Tour. The other third-level tours in Europe are the United Kingdom-based PGA EuroPro Tour, the Alps Tour, which is sanctioned by the national golf unions of several countries, including France and Italy, and the Nordic Golf League in the Nordic countries. Beginning in July 2015, the four third-level tours carry Official World Golf Ranking points.
The EPD Tour was established by Canadian golf professional Wayne Hachey in 1997 and has been recognised as an official third level tour by the PGA European Tour since 2001. In 2005 the PGA of Germany took over the EPD Tour.
The top ten players on the Order of Merit are awarded a bypass to the second stage of European Tour Qualifying School. The five leading players earn an additional perk with status on the second-tier Challenge Tour.
EPD Tour alumni include major winner Martin Kaymer, as well as Tobias Dier and Marcel Siem, who have both won on the European Tour.
Order of Merit winners
Notes
References
External links
Professional golf tours
Golf in Germany
Kavyamela is a 1965 Malayalam film written by S. L. Puram Sadanandan and directed by M. Krishnan Nair, starring Prem Nazir and Sheela in the lead roles. The film is best known for the performance by Prem Nazir and songs by Dakshinamoorthy - Vayalar team.
Kavyamela released on 22 October 1965. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
The movie was a remake of the 1961 Kannada movie Kantheredu Nodu produced by A K Velan. Velan, who had earlier sold the copyrights of the Kannada movie Kantheredu Nodu to T. E. Vasudevan for Rs.1000, subsequently purchased it back for Rs.5000 to remake it in Tamil for a 1968 movie titled Devi, starring Muthuraman and Devika, which bombed at the box office.
Plot
Jayadevan (Prem Nazir), the blind poet, has a burning passion to earn literary fame, but fate conspires to deny it to him for long. And when it comes, he disdains it.
Spurned by his sister and duped by the crook Vikraman (Adoor Bhasi), Jayadevan wanders from place to place and comes across a girl Sreedevi (Sheela), who, after initial suspicions, nurses him back to vision and falls in love with him. But ill-luck chases him even to prison.
Meanwhile, Vikram gets hold of Jayadevan's monumental work, the manuscript of his collection of poems, and publishes it in his own name which gains instant recognition. While Vikram is about to be honoured for this, Jayadevan succeeds in unfolding the truth. Yet in this moment of triumph and glory, he declines both the public encomium and the hand of Sridevi.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Jayadevan
Sheela as Sreedevi
Adoor Bhasi as Vikraman
G. K. Pillai as Dr. Panikkar
Nellikkodu Bhaskaran as Balachandran, Dr. Panikkar's nephew
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Nilambur Ayisha
S. P. Pillai as Kamath
Prathapachandran as Prasadakan
P. Leela as herself
P. B. Sreenivas as himself
K. J. Yesudas as himself
M. B. Sreenivasan as himself
V. Dakshinamoorthy as himself
Murali
Saradadevi
Ramesh
Baby Saroja
P.A Thomas
Production
The film was shot at Newton and Shyamala Studios. The film's story line is similar to Guru Dutt's Pyaasa (1957, Hindi). However, the film is an official remake of a Kannada film by Velan. T. E. Vasudevan bought the rights of the film from Velan with a shoestring amount of 1000. Owing to the commercial success of Malayalam version, Velan wanted to remake the film into Tamil. He bought back the rights for 5000, and made the Tamil film Devi (1968), which however failed in the box office.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy
Malayalam
Lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
Tamil
Lyrics were penned by Palladam Manickam. Playback singers are T. M. Soundararajan, P. B. Srinivas and P. Susheela.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam remakes of Kannada films
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Hexadecagon is a studio album by the electronic band the Octopus Project. It was released in 2010 by Peek-A-Boo Records.
Critical reception
The Austin Chronicle called Hexadecagon "a concept album that's actually fun to indulge," writing that it "finds [the band] diving headlong into unexplored realms (the 11-minute 'Circling'), and sounding more thoughtful, less cartoonish." Spin wrote: "Hexadecagon is the Tubular Bells of the 8-bit generation, and that's a compliment."
Track listing
References
2010 albums
The Octopus Project albums
Peek-A-Boo Records albums
The Medieval Chronicle Society is an international and interdisciplinary organization founded to facilitate the work of scholars interested in medieval annals and chronicles, or more generally medieval historiography. It was founded in 1999 and in February 2011 had 380 members.
Aims and history
Annals and chronicles were the main genres of historical writing in the Middle Ages. Consequently, they have always been of great importance to historians. The extent to which they are also of interest to students of medieval literature or of historical linguistics was only fully realised in the latter part of the 20th century. Since many chronicles are illustrated, they are also a fruitful object of study for art historians. It was the desire for a forum in which these disciplines could operate together that led to the foundation of the society.
The history of the society began with a series of triennial conferences initially in Utrecht, but later moving from place to place. These early conferences were hosted by Erik Kooper (English studies, Utrecht). It was at the second of these conferences, in 1999, that the society was formally founded.
The society maintains a website financed by the University of Liverpool, and publishes a regular newsletter with information on recent publications in the chronicles field.
The Society's logo, depicting two interlocked dragons, was inspired by a unique series of fifteenth-century Utrecht manuscripts, all containing one or two dragons as part of their historiated initials. These two particular dragons were adopted for the logo because they aptly represented the twin disciplines of history and literature, and the city where the Society was established in 1999.
Journal The Medieval Chronicle
Volumes of proceedings of the first three conferences were published by Rodopi. When the society was founded, this triennial publication was transformed into a yearbook, now the peer-reviewed journal The Medieval Chronicle. It is edited by Erik Kooper and (since volume 8) Sjoerd Levelt.
The journal is trilingual, with articles in English, French and German. As well as the proceedings of the society's conferences, and also of the Cambridge Chronicle Symposium, the journal includes research submitted independently of the conferences. A number of text editions of chronicles have also been published here.
Conferences
Conferences to date:
1996 Utrecht (Driebergen)
1999 Utrecht (Driebergen)
2002 Utrecht (Doorn)
2005 Reading
2008 Belfast
2011 Pécs
2014 Liverpool
2017 Lisbon
2021 Poznań
2023 Nancy (in planning)
Projects
A number of interdisciplinary projects have been inspired by the society, including Repertorium Chronicarum an on-line database of Latin chronicle manuscripts maintained by Dan Embree on the website of Mississippi State university.
A major project of the society was the Encyclopedia of the Medieval Chronicle published in Leiden by Brill, edited by Graeme Dunphy.
The EMC contains around 2500 usually quite short articles on individual authors or on anonymous works. A majority of these are from Western Christendom, but there are also entries on Slavic, Byzantine, Syriac, Islamic and Jewish chronicles. These give information on the date, language, form and manuscript tradition, and discuss issues which have been highlighted in recent scholarship. There are also about 60 longer "thematic" articles on particular aspects of chronicles. The two-volume paper edition appeared in 2010 and runs to around 1830 pages, with about 60 black-and-white full-page illustrations. About 450 scholars collaborated in writing it. An electronic edition with additional articles appeared in 2012, co-edited by Cristian Bratu; updates with significant expansions appeared in 2016 and 2021.
See also
List of historical societies
List of literary societies
Rolls Series
Text publication society
List of sources for the Crusades
References
External links
Website of the Medieval Chronicle Society
Encyclopedia of the Medieval Chronicle – catalogue entry at Brill Publishers for the print version.
Encyclopedia of the Medieval Chronicle – online access to the electronic version.
Chronicles
Medieval literature
History organizations
International organizations based in Europe
Organizations established in 1999
21st-century encyclopedias
Indocyanine green (ICG) is a cyanine dye used in medical diagnostics. It is used for determining cardiac output, hepatic function, liver and gastric blood flow, and for ophthalmic angiography. It has a peak spectral absorption at about 800 nm. These infrared frequencies penetrate retinal layers, allowing ICG angiography to image deeper patterns of circulation than fluorescein angiography. ICG binds tightly to plasma proteins and becomes confined to the vascular system. ICG has a half-life of 150 to 180 seconds and is removed from circulation exclusively by the liver to bile juice.
ICG is a fluorescent dye which is used in medicine as an indicator substance (e.g. for photometric hepatic function diagnostics and fluorescence angiography) in cardiac, circulatory, hepatic and ophthalmic conditions. It is administered intravenously and, depending on liver performance, is eliminated from the body with a half life of about 3 to 4 minutes. ICG sodium salt is normally available in powder form and can be dissolved in various solvents; 5% (< 5% depending on batch) sodium iodide is usually added to ensure better solubility. The sterile lyophilisate of a water-ICG solution is approved in many European countries and the United States under the names ICG-Pulsion and IC-Green as a diagnostic for intravenous use.
History
ICG was developed in the Second World War as a dye in photography and tested in 1957 at the Mayo Clinic for use in human medicine by I.J. Fox. After being granted FDA approval in 1959, ICG was initially used primarily in hepatic function diagnostics and later in cardiology. In 1964, S. Schilling was able to determine renal blood flow using ICG. From 1969, ICG was also used in the research and diagnosis of subretinal processes in the eye (in the choroid). In the years since 1980, the development of new types of cameras and better film material or new photometric measuring devices has cleared away many technical difficulties. In the meantime, the use of ICG in medicine (and especially in fluorescent angiography in ophthalmology) has become established as standard. A distinction is therefore also made, when describing fluorescent angiography, between NA fluorescent angiography and ICGA / ICG fluorescent angiography. Around 3,000 scientific papers on ICG have now been published worldwide.
Optical properties
The absorption and fluorescence spectrum of ICG is in the near infrared region. Both depend largely on the solvent used and the concentration. ICG absorbs mainly between 600 nm and 900 nm and emits fluorescence between 750 nm and 950 nm. The large overlapping of the absorption and fluorescence spectra leads to a marked reabsorption of the fluorescence by ICG itself. The fluorescence spectrum is very wide. Its maximum values are approx. 810 nm in water and approx. 830 nm in blood. For medical applications based on absorption, the maximum absorption at approx. 800 nm (in blood plasma at low concentrations) is important. In combination with fluorescence detection, lasers with a wavelength of around 780 nm are used. At this wavelength, it is still possible to detect the fluorescence of ICG by filtering out scattered light from the excitation beam.
Toxicity and side-effects
ICG is metabolized microsomally in the liver and only excreted via the liver and bile ducts; since it is not absorbed by the intestinal mucous membrane, the toxicity can be classified as low. Administration is not without risks during pregnancy. It has been known since September 2007 that ICG decomposes into toxic waste materials under the influence of UV light, creating a number of still unknown substances. A study published in February 2008, however, shows that ICG (the substance without UV effect) is basically, as such, of only minor toxicity. The intravenous LD50 values measured in animals are 60 mg/kg in mice and 87 mg/kg in rats. Occasionally – in one out of 42,000 cases – slight side-effects occur in humans such as sore throats and hot flushes. Effects such as anaphylactic shock, hypotension, tachycardia, dyspnea and urticaria only occurred in individual cases; the risk of severe side-effects rises in patients with chronic kidney impairment. The frequencies of mild, moderate and severe side-effects were only 0.15%, 0.2% and 0.05%; the rate of deaths is 1:333,333. For the competitor substance fluorescein, the proportion of people with side-effects is 4.8% and the death rate is 1:222,222.
Uses
Uses in ophthalmology
Indocyanine green angiography
Because the preparation contains sodium iodide, a test must be carried out for iodine intolerance. Because around 5% of iodide is added, the iodine content of a 25 mg ampoule is 0.93 mg. In comparison, preparations for a bone marrow CT (140 ml) contain 300 mg/ml and for a corona angiography (200 ml) 350 mg/ml of iodine. ICG has the ability to bind 98% to plasma proteins – 80% to globulins and 20% to alpha-lipoprotein and albumin – and thus, in comparison with fluorescein as a marker, has a lower leakage (slower emergence of dye from the vessels, extravasally). Because of the plasma protein binding, ICG stays for up to 20 to 30 minutes in the vessels (intravasally). When the eye is examined, it thus stays for a long time in tissues with a higher blood flow, such as the choroid and the blood vessels of the retina.
Capsulorhexis
Capsulorhexis is a technique used to remove the lens capsule during cataract surgery. Various dyes are used to stain lens capsule during cataract surgery. In 1998, Horiguchi et al. first described the use of indocyanine green dye (0.5%) for capsular staining to assist cataract surgery. ICG-enhanced anterior and posterior capsulorhexis is useful in childhood cataract surgery. It may also use in adult cataract with no fundus glow. Although ICG is approved by US FDA, still there is no approval for intraocular use of the dye.
Perfusion diagnostics of tissues and organs
ICG is used as a marker in the assessment of the perfusion of tissues and organs in many areas of medicine. The light needed for the excitation of the fluorescence is generated by a near infrared light source which is attached directly to a camera. A digital video camera allows the absorption of the ICG fluorescence to be recorded in real time, which means that perfusion can be assessed and documented.
In addition, ICG can also be used as a tracer in cerebral perfusion diagnostics. In the case of stroke patients, monitoring in the recovery phase seems to be achievable by measurement of both the ICG absorption and the fluorescence in everyday clinical conditions.
ICG-supported navigation for sentinel lymph node biopsy with tumors
Sentinel lymph node biopsy (SLB or SLN biopsy) allows selective, minimally invasive access for assessment of the regional lymph node status with malignant tumours. The first draining lymph note, the "sentinel", represents an existing or non-existing tumour of an entire lymph node region. The method has been validated using radionuclides and/or blue dye for breast cancer, malignant melanoma and also gastrointestinal tumours and gives a good detection rate and sensitivity. For the SLB, a reduced mortality has been observed in comparison with complete lymph node dissection, but the methods have disadvantages with regard to availability, application and disposal of the radionuclide and the risk of anaphylaxis (up to 1%) for the blue dye. ICG, because of its near-infrared fluorescence and previous toxicity investigations, was evaluated in this investigation as a new, alternative method for SLB with regard to the clinical application of the transcutaneous navigation and lymph vessel visualisation and SLN detection. This technique is sometimes referred as fluorescence image-guided surgery (FIGS). ICG fluorescence navigation achieves high rates of detection and sensitivity in comparison with the conventional methods. Taking into account the learning curve required, the new, alternative method offers a combination of lymphography and SLB and the possibility of carrying out an SLB without the need for radioactive substances for solitary tumours
Selectively over-heating cells (especially cancer)
ICG absorbs near infra-red, especially light with a wavelength of about 805 nanometers. A laser of that wavelength can penetrate tissue. That means, dying tissue with injected ICG allows an 800 nm to 810 nm laser to heat or overheat the dyed tissue without harming the surrounding tissue. Although overheating is the main mechanism for it to kill cells, a small amount of the laser energy absorbed by the ICG releases free radicals such as singlet oxygen that also damage target cells.
That works particularly well on cancer tumors, because tumors naturally absorb more ICG than other tissue. When ICG is injected near tumors, tumors react to the laser 2.5 times as much as the surrounding tissue does. It is also possible to target specific cells by conjugating the ICG to antibodies such as daclizumab (Dac), trastuzumab (Tra), or panitumumab (Pan).
ICG and laser therapy has been shown to kill human pancreatic cancer cells (MIA PaCa-2, PANC-1, and BxPC-3) in vitro.
ICG and an infrared laser have also been used the same way to treat acne vulgaris.
References
External links
Optical Absorption of Indocyanine Green (ICG
Cyanine dyes
Sulfonates
Optical imaging
Tofta, also known as Gotlands Tofta, is a populated area, a socken (not to be confused with parish), on the Swedish island of Gotland. It comprises the same area as the administrative Tofta District, established on 1January 2016.
Tofta is most noted for its long, sandy beach. In the north part of Tofta is a military firing range, which is also the location of the annual Gotland Grand National, the world's largest enduro race.
Geography
Tofta is the name of the socken as well as the district. It is also the name of the small village surrounding the medieval Tofta Church, also known as Tofta kyrkby. Tofta is on the central west coast of Gotland, situated on a high rocky plateau mostly covered in pine forest, 48%, while 22% of the area is used as farmland.
In the northwest part of Tofta, between the coastline and road 140, is the Tofta firing range (Tofta Skjutfält). It is a military compound, approximately , used for training with live ammunition, tanks, artillery and land mines. Once a year, the Gotland Grand National, the world's largest enduro race, is held on the range.
On the Tofta coast are two old fishing villages; Blåhäll to the north and Gnisvärd a bit further south. Blåhäll has several caves and Gnisvärd has some of the grandest stone ships on Gotland. Inland is the Smågårde village. Tofta is most noted for the long sandy beach along the southern coastline. It is the second largest and most visited, on Gotland after the Sudersand beach on Fårö.
, Tofta Church belongs to Eskelhem-Tofta parish in Eskelhems pastorat, along with the churches in Eskelhem and Gnisvärd.
One of the asteroids in the asteroid belt, 11308 Tofta, is named after this place.
History
The village of Tofta dates from Medieval times. The oldest preserved text where the name is mentioned, is from 1304. The name may be related to the Swedish word toft, meaning thwart.
In the greater Tofta area there are a number of remnants from earlier eras. During excavations, Stone Age settlements and a cist has been found. There are stone ships and grave mounds from the Bronze Age, and from The Iron Age there are 23 grave fields, groove stones, stone walls, a picture stone and a hillfort. There are also runes chiseled on a stone in the church. The stone is from 1170–90, and is a more likely to have been a tombstone than a runestone dedicated to a man called Röde Orm ("Red Snake"), a common name at that time.
Places of interest
A reconstruction of a Viking village has been made in Tofta, where visitors can try out life during the Viking age.
Gallery
References
External links
Objects from Tofta at the Digital Museum by Nordic Museum
"Röde Orm" runes in Tofta Church
Populated places in Gotland County
Nordic Stone Age
Nordic Bronze Age
Iron Age Scandinavia
Prehistory of Sweden
Medieval Sweden
The Castro Complex is a 1970 play written by Mel Arrighi. It opened on Broadway on November 18, 1970, and closed on November 22, 1970.
Setting
The show takes place at Betsy Kross' apartment in the West Village.
Production
The show premiered on Broadway at the Stairway Theatre on November 18, 1970, directed by James Burrows, set design Kert Lundell, lighting design Roger Morgan, and costume design John J. Whitmore. The cast included Marian Hailey-Moss (Betsy Kress), Terry Kiser (Hadley Marcus), and Raul Julia (Paco Montoya).
Reception
Mel Gussow of the New York Times wrote "played by Raul Julia, Paco provides most of what small enjoyment there is in this comedy."
Sid Smith from the Chicago Tribune wrote in a 1986 review that Castro is portrayed as being "just too slight and dimwitted".
References
External links
The Castro Complex at the Internet Broadway database
The Castro Complex at Worldcat.org
1970 plays
Broadway plays
Plays set in New York City
Yoie Bohlin (born Johanna Bohlin; September 26, 1990) is a Swedish multitalented sports woman who has competed in inter alia Athletics, Trail running (Skyrunning, Mountain running), Soccer, Boxing and Obstacle racing. She has won victories over the years in different disciplines, but emerged into public focus on August 20, 2016, when she came out of nowhere to beat the reigning skyrunning world champion Emelie Forsberg and the world cup #2 Malene Haukøy by 15 minutes in the 33 km Stranda Fjord Trail Race in Norway.
Childhood and youth
Bohlin grew up in Åtvidaberg in Sweden in a sports family. Her father Lars "Lasse" Bohlin today runs a marathon training camp in Kenya, Kimbia Camp.
Mother Ulla Bohlin runs a gym in Åtvidaberg, "Hälsofabriken".
Bohlin's elder sister Amanda Bohlin, born in 1989, is an accomplished short distance triathlete with a couple of Swedish Championship gold medals.
Bohlin's first name used to be Johanna but a cousin in the US called her Yoie. The nickname stuck and she eventually officially changed her name.
For many years Bohlin has used the dreadlocks hairstyle and for that reason sometimes goes under the pseudonym Rastarunner, a name that she now also uses for her blog.
Sports
Athletics
Bohlin ran her first marathon, the Stockholm Marathon, in 2008 in 2:59:00. Bohlin: "I did not think it was so tough". The marathon performance led to a 5000m spot in the annual Finland-Sweden Athletics International (), the first time ever that Bohlin ran in a track competition.
The following year Bohlin improved her Stockholm Marathon time to 2:52:50.
Personal bests
The following list is based on information from All-Athletics.
Trail running
In 2008 Bohlin became one of merely ten women to run the iconic Swedish 30K Lidingöloppet in less than two hours at 1:59:52, placing third.
The following year Bohlin placed second in a slightly slower race on her 19th birthday.
In August 2016 won the 33K Stranda Fjord Trail Race in Norway by 15 minutes ahead of established trail running world stars Emelie Forsberg and Malene Haukøy.
Soccer
When a high school student Bohlin played soccer with Åtvidabergs FF and represented the province of Östergötland in its elite team for girls born in 1990.
Boxing
When at high school Bohlin started boxing in Åtvidabergs Boxningsklubb with the best result of bronze in the Junior Swedish Championships 48 kg class in 2008. As of 2016 she trains and fights for Narva Boxningsklubb.
Obstacle racing
In 2015 Bohlin won the Toughest Minitour. In 2016 she placed 3rd in the Spartan race European Championship in Edinburgh, Scotland, and in 2017 she placed second in the same event in Andorra. In 2017 Bohlin won the Arena Run in Stockholm, Sweden, ahead of OCR World Champion Lindsay Webster.
Personal life
As of 2016 Bohlin officially resides in Åtvidaberg in Sweden, but spends a lot of time in Åre in the summer and Kenya in the winter.
For a living Bohlin works as a running coach for runners at different levels.
References
External links
Yoie Bohlin
(In Swedish)
Yoie Bohlin's Swedish blog on Spring Löpning För Alla!
Obstacle racing
Spartan race website
Toughest website
1990 births
Living people
Swedish mountain runners
Swedish female long-distance runners
The H-1B Visa Reform Act of 2004 was a part of Title IV of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (sometimes also called the Omnibus Appropriations Act of 2005) in the United States that focused on changes to regulations governing H-1B visas. It was a successor to previous legislative changes affecting the H-1B, namely: the Immigration Act of 1990, American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act (ACWIA) of 1998, and the American Competitiveness in the 21st Century Act (AC21) of 2000. The Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed by George W. Bush, then President of the United States, in early December 2004.
Title IV of the Consolidated Appropriations Act had another component pertaining to immigration regulations, namely the L-1 Visa Reform Act of 2004, that pertained to L-1 visas.
Provisions
Addition of some cap-exempt slots for people with graduate degrees
Prior to this Act, there were 195,000 slots available under the annual H-1B cap. Nonprofit research institutions were exempt from the cap, and people who had been counted towards the cap already (such as if they were transferring jobs or extending a 3-year H-1B by another 3 years) could apply without being counted against the cap as long as they weren't going over their 6-year limit.
The H-1B Visa Reform Act of 2004 effectively reduced the cap from 195,000 to 65,000 visas, but declaring exemptions for the first 20,000 applicants each year with graduate degrees. Specifically:
The first 20,000 H-1B beneficiaries who have earned a master's degree or higher from a U.S. institution of higher education are not subject to the annual congressionally mandated H-1B visa cap of 65,000. After those 20,000 slots are filled, USCIS is required to count thosecases against the cap for the remainder of the fiscal year.
This would begin starting FY 2005 (October 1, 2004 - September 30, 2005) and applications for this could be submitted starting March 8, 2005. For FY 2006, this would apply right from the beginning of applications opening up (i.e., the first week of April 2005).
Nonimmigrants currently in the United States on a J-1 (exchange) visa who receive a waiver of the two-year residency requirement if requested by either a federal or state agency are now exempt from the H-1B cap. Qualifying employers of these beneficiaries may submit H-1B petitions, notwithstanding the fact that the H-1B cap was already met for FY 2005, after December 8, 2004.
Changes to fee structure
The fee structure was changed as follows:
There was no change to the rules governing the base filing fee, that had to be included with all applications (this fee would increase periodically due to inflation—as of 2015, the fee stands at $325).
The structure of the additional fee introduced by the American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act (ACWIA) and modified by the American Competitiveness in the 21st Century Act (AC21) was changed from its original value ($500 at the time of the creation of the fee by the ACWIA, and $1000 after the passage of AC21) to the following payment structure:
Companies employing 26 or more full-time employees were required to pay a fee of $1500.
Companies employing 25 or fewer full-time employees were required to pay a fee of $750.
Nonprofit research institutions applying for the uncapped H-1B continued to be exempt from this fee (this clause was present in ACWIA and AC21).
The allocation of the money raised between various US agencies and programs was also changed.
An additional anti-fraud fee of $500 was also instituted, applicable to all except those applying for a three-year extension of an existing H-1B status.
Employers could optionally pay a $1000 fee for premium processing, so that they could get to know quickly if the application was approved.
Renewal of LCA attestation requirements and expansion of DOL investigative authority
The Labor Condition Application (LCA) attestations that were introduced for H-1B-dependent employers and those who had committed willful misrepresentations recently were renewed. These attestations continue to be required as of 2015.
Elimination of the "95% rule" for the prevailing wage requirement
The "95% rule" for prevailing wages, where employers needed to pay only 95% or more of the prevailing wage, was eliminated: employers were now required to pay at least 100% of the prevailing wage.
Changes to Department of Labor investigative authority
The DOL was given authority to investigate when the Secretary of Labor personally certifies that there is reasonable cause to believe that the employer is not in compliance and authorizes the investigation, or when a credible source provides information that includes
allegations that within the past 12 months an employer has willfully failed to meet an LCA condition, has engaged in a pattern or practice of violations, or has committed a substantial failure to meet an LCA condition that affects multiple employees.
Formal lines of defense for employers
Employers were given two recognized, standard lines of defense they could use in case of any investigation or identification of problems with their applications:
Good Faith Compliance Defense: H-1B employers are considered to have complied in good faith with the program requirements notwithstanding a "technical or procedural failure" to meet such requirements, if the employer:
Made a good faith attempt to comply;
Voluntarily corrected the failure within 10 business days of having it explained by the DOL or another enforcement agency; and
Has not engaged in a pattern or practice of willful violations.
Recognized Industry Standards Defense: H-1B employers that have established that the prevailing wage used was calculated consistent with recognized industry standards and practices will not be assessed fines or penalties for prevailing wage violations.
See also
Immigration Innovation Act of 2015
References
Acts of the 108th United States Congress
Riders to the United States federal appropriations legislation
Jessee is a given name and surname. It is a variant spelling of Jesse or Jessie.
Given name
Jessee Wyatt (born 1996), Australian Paralympic athlete
Surname
The 2010 United States Census found 4,108 people with the surname Jessee, making it the 8,067th-most-common name in the country, compared with 3,952 people (7,752nd-most-common) in the 2000 Census. In both censuses, more than 95% of the bearers of the surname identified as white.
Dan Jessee (1901–1970), American baseball player
Margaret Jessee (1921–2001), American tennis player and vintner
Dean C. Jessee (born 1929), American historian
Jason Jessee (born 1969), American professional skateboarder
Darren Jessee (born 1971), American drummer
See also
McGarrah Jessee, American marketing company founded in 1996
Jessee/Miller Field, football field, named in part for Dan Jessee
Jessey
Jessy (disambiguation)
References
Of Orcs and Men is a fantasy action role-playing game developed by Cyanide and Spiders for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC. The Empire of Men's oppressive threat looms over the territories of the Orcs and the Goblins. Goblins are systematically persecuted and slaughtered, while Orcs not killed in battle are captured and enslaved.
Two prequels, titled Styx: Master of Shadows (2014) and Styx: Shards of Darkness (2017), came out with Styx the goblin as the main protagonist.
Plot
Of Orcs and Men puts the player into the role of an elite Orc soldier, Arkail, from the legendary legion known as the Bloodjaws. The legion is a league of warriors deeply involved in the war between the Orcs and the Goblins on one side and their persecutors, Humankind, on the other. As a veteran warrior who has seen the most brutal of battles, the player is appointed by the Bloodjaw commander to complete a mission that could change the course of the war, to kill the Emperor himself, the man responsible for the bloodshed. A sentient and sly Goblin, Styx, soon joins the player, an unlikely but indispensable ally.
Arkail and Styx travel throughout the empire where many Orcs have been enslaved or have turned traitor and joined the empire on its campaign of destroying all greenskins. Eventually, they both encounter Arkail's father who has been aiding the resistance and planning to rescue Arkence, a sorceress who is the only one capable of getting Arkail and Styx to the island of Laments, where the emperor has been occupied with political matters. Arkail and Styx round up a rag tag team of Orcs and assault the prison where Arkence has been holding out. They kill many guards along the way and rescue Arkence but at the cost of many Orcs lives and escape the prison to sail off to the island of Laments.
Arkail and Styx finally make it to the island and dispose of the soldiers who guard the island palace where Arkail locates and either kills the emperor or watches as the emperor is killed by Barimen, a supporter of the resistance who in reality wanted Arkail to kill the emperor so he could ascend to the throne while securing the aid of the Elves and Dwarves in carrying out the greenskin genocide. The two manage to escape the island, but now find themselves facing the full might of the empire and its new allies.
Arkail and Styx return to the wall and plan to destroy the palace with explosives and kill Barimen with the support of Arkail's father, Arkence, and the Orcs and Mages who defected from the empire. The duo assault the palace personally, fighting through soldiers and traitor Orcs before reaching the throne room. Arkail then kills Barimen and the Grand Inquisitor who has been chasing him and Styx throughout their journey. The palace crumbles as the bombs are set off and thousands of Orcs escape the wall and head to the Orc occupied regions to live freely. Even though the empire has gained new allies and are determined to retaliate, the Orcs have a better chance of winning the war and Arkail and Styx are now hopeful that the future will turn out better for them and all those who have been oppressed by the empire.
Gameplay
Taking advantage of their natural traits, the two characters have their own skill trees to develop. While the Orc focuses on power, reflecting his incredible strength, the Goblin will benefit from darker powers and stealth abilities, making him the perfect assassin.
Reception
References
External links
Official website
Role-playing video games
Action role-playing video games
Fantasy video games
Orcs in popular culture
PlayStation 3 games
Cyanide (company) games
Video games developed in France
Video games scored by Olivier Deriviere
Windows games
Xbox 360 games
2012 video games
Focus Entertainment games
Elizabeth Li is a Hong Kong international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Elizabeth Li was selected as part of the five woman team by Hong Kong for the 2008 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was being held in Christchurch, New Zealand.
She won a triples gold medal (with Grace Chu and Camilla Leung), at the 2005 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, held in Melbourne. Two years later she won a fours bronze at the 2007 event.
References
Hong Kong female bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
István Bóka (born 12 January 1964) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Balatonfüred (Veszprém County Constituency II) between 1998 and 2014. He served as chairman of the Committee on Local Government and Regional Development from 2002 to 2003. He is the mayor of Balatonfüred, since 2002.
Personal life
He is married and has two children.
References
1964 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1998–2002)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Mayors of places in Hungary
People from Veszprém
National parks of Israel are declared historic sites or nature reserves, which are mostly operated and maintained by the National Nature and Parks Authority. As of 2015, Israel maintains 81 national parks and more than 400 nature reserves, many of them in the occupied West Bank, that protect 2,500 species of indigenous wild plants, 32 species of fish, 530 species of birds and 100 species of mammals.
The parks and reserves were frequently declared around the ruins of the depopulated and subsequently demolished towns and villages of the 1948 Palestinian exodus; 182 historical Palestinian built-up areas are located within Israel's parks and reserves. Some parks are located at archaeological sites such as Tel Megiddo, Beit She'an, Ashkelon and Kursi. Others, such as the Alexander stream, Mount Carmel National Park or Hurshat Tal focus on nature and the preservation of local flora and fauna. Several parks and nature reserves have camping options, such as tent grounds and bungalows, open to small groups and individual campers. Some of them are located in the Israeli-occupied territories of the Golan Heights and the West Bank.
In 2011, the most popular national parks were Yarkon National Park, Caesarea, Ein Gedi and Tel Dan.
History
From the 1920s onwards, the British Mandatory government passed laws aimed at saving the local flora and fauna. In 1924 a Hunting Act was published and in 1926 a Forest Ordinance were published. Many sites, such as the forests of Mount Carmel and Mount Meron, were declared forest reserves; certain trees were declared protected.
In 1953 the Knesset passed the Wildlife Protection Law (חוק הגנת חיות-הבר) and the Minister of Agriculture was appointed for its implementation. In 1955, the department for the improvement of the country's landscape (המחלקה לשיפור נוף הארץ) was established in the Israeli Prime Minister's Office, which was assigned the establishment of tourist infrastructure. The department established a number of well-known national parks, such as Gan HaShlosha, Caesarea, Shivta and Avdat. Following the ecologically disastrous drying of Lake Hula and the resulting public pressure, the Hula Reserve was established in 1964, which was the first declared nature reserve in Israel. In 1963 the Knesset approved the "National parks and nature reserves act" (חוק הגנים הלאומיים ושמורות הטבע), whose legislation process had already begun in 1956. As a result, two authorities were established: the National Parks Authority and the Nature Reserves Authority. In 1998 the two authorities were merged into one body - Israel Nature and Parks Authority.
The last observation of an Arabian leopard took place in the northern Arabah area in 2010/11.
It is possibly extinct in the country.
Parks and reserves
In Israel the distinction between national parks and nature reserves is often hard to make. National parks are in most cases centered around archaeological sites, but sometimes include protected nature habitats. The nature reserves often contain not just protected fauna and flora, but also major archaeological sites. The Hermon Stream Nature Reserve for instance covers a stretch of forested land, but also the vast remains of the ancient city of Banias/Caesarea Philippi. Sometimes an administrative separation is made, as for instance at the Judean desert oasis of Ein Gedi, home to both the Ein Gedi Antiquities National Park and Ein Gedi Nature Reserve.
National parks in Israel
This is a partial list, containing only the best known national parks.
National parks in occupied territories
Nature reserves in Israel
This is a partial list, containing only the best known nature reserves.
Nature reserves in occupied territories
See also
Tourism in Israel
Culture of Israel
Archaeology of Israel
Wildlife of Israel
References
External links
Nature and Parks Authority Official Site
Nature conservation in Israel
Marco Bruno (born December 26, 1979), better known by his stage name Marco Polo, is a Canadian hip hop record producer. Born and raised in Toronto, Ontario, he is based in New York City, New York.
Life and career
On December 26, 1979, Marco Polo was born Marco Bruno in Toronto. He is of Italian descent. He went to an audio engineering school in Toronto. In the early 2000s, he moved to New York City. He interned at The Cutting Room Studios.
In 2007, he released a solo studio album, Port Authority. It was nominated for Rap Recording of the Year at the 2008 Juno Awards. In 2009, he released a collaborative album with rapper Torae, titled Double Barrel. In 2010, he released a collaborative album with rapper Ruste Juxx, titled The Exxecution. In 2013, he released a solo studio album, PA2: The Director's Cut. It was nominated for Rap Recording of the Year at the 2015 Juno Awards.
Discography
Studio albums
Port Authority (2007)
Double Barrel (2009)
The Exxecution (2010)
Seize the Day (2013)
PA2: The Director's Cut (2013)
Kartagina (2014)
A-F-R-O Polo (2016)
A Breukelen Story (2018)
Compilation albums
Canned Goods (2005)
Newport Authority (2007)
The Stupendous Adventures of Marco Polo! (2010)
Newport Authority 2 (2013)
MPC: Marco Polo Collectables (2015)
Baker's Dozen (2017)
EPs
Per La Mia Gente (2012)
Rare Instrumentals Volume One (2013)
A Breukelen Story: Bonus EP (2019)
Singles
"My Rights" / "Situations" / "I Just Wanna Rhyme" (2005)
"War" (2007)
"The Radar" (2007)
"Double Barrel" / "Hold Up" / "Combat Drills" (2009)
"Nobody" / "Rearview" (2010)
"Back to Work" / "I Refuse" (2013)
"Side Effects" (2014)
"Nostalgia" (2018)
"E.A.T." / "Masta Polo" (2019)
Productions
Shylow - "The Greatest" (2002)
Masta Ace - "Do It Man" from A Long Hot Summer (2004)
Sadat X - "If You" from Black October (2006)
Rasco - "What Happened to the Game" and "Situations" from The Dick Swanson Theory (2006)
Pumpkinhead - Orange Moon Over Brooklyn (2006)
Boot Camp Clik - "My World" and "I Want Mine" from Casualties of War (2007)
Special Teamz - "One Call" from Stereotypez (2007)
Reef the Lost Cauze - "I Wonder" from A Vicious Cycle (2008)
Heltah Skeltah - "Insane" from D.I.R.T. (2008)
Braille - "The IV" from The IV Edition (2008)
9th Uno - "Sleep" from Unassociated Press (2008)
KRS-One & Buckshot - "Oh Really" from Survival Skills (2009)
Critical Madness - "Empirical" from Bringing Out the Dead (2009)
D.O. - "Bully" from Stay Driven (2009)
Verbal Kent - "Monologue" from Save Your Friends (2010)
Verbal Kent - "My City" from Save Yourself (2011)
Pharoahe Monch - "W.A.R." from W.A.R. (We Are Renegades) (2011)
Talib Kweli - "Palookas" from Gutter Rainbows (2011)
Torae - "You Ready" from For the Record (2011)
J-Live - "The Authentic" and "Pronounced Spitta" from S.P.T.A. (Said Person of That Ability) (2011)
Neek the Exotic & Large Professor - "Hip Hop" and "My Own Line" from Still on the Hustle (2011)
Large Professor - "Professor @ Large" from Professor @ Large (2012)
Vinnie Paz - "Crime Library" from God of the Serengeti (2012)
Copywrite - "Opium Prodigies" from God Save the King (2012)
MHz Legacy - "Obituaries" from MHz Legacy (2012)
4th Pyramid - "Feel It in My Bones" from The Pyramid Scheme (2012)
Koncept - "Watch the Sky Fall" from Awaken (2012)
Supastition - "Yada Yada" from The Blackboard EP (2013)
R.A. the Rugged Man - "Shoot Me in the Head" from Legends Never Die (2013)
Demigodz - "Audi 5000" from Killmatic (2013)
Pharoahe Monch - "Time2", "Rapid Eye Movement", and "The Jungle" from PTSD (2014)
Nature - "Throw It Up" from Seasons Changed: Winter Edition (2014)
First Division - "Intro", "Life & Death", "The Trade", "Bottom Line", and "Take Your Time" from The Critical Path Pt. 1 (2014)
First Division - "Intro", "Work Force", "B.R.A.W.L.", and "Victorious" from The Critical Path Pt. 2 (2014)
La Coka Nostra - "Blind" from To Thine Own Self Be True (2016)
Snak the Ripper - "Premium Dope" from From the Dirt (2016)
M-Dot - "Dreamscape" from Ego and the Enemy (2017)
Milano Constantine - "British Walkers", "That Feeling", and "10-4" from The Way We Were (2017)
Talib Kweli & Styles P - "Nine Point Five" from The Seven (2017)
Sean Price - "Prisoner" from Imperius Rex (2017)
Phonte - "So Help Me God" from No News Is Good News (2018)
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Canadian people of Italian descent
Canadian hip hop record producers
Musicians from Toronto
Paracarinachitids are a group of small shelly fossils that may be related to the cambroclaves. They resemble small limpets with a large spine on their pinnacle; they have concentric growth rings resulting from incremental growth.
References
Fossil record of animals
Enigmatic animal taxa
Oscar Mantegari (20 October 1928 – 13 May 2008) was an Argentine footballer. He played in two matches for the Argentina national football team in 1957. He was also part of Argentina's squad for the 1957 South American Championship.
References
External links
1928 births
2008 deaths
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association football defenders
Club Atlético Atlanta footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Club Atlético Platense footballers
Edward J. Lowe, Jr. (March 26, 1946 – January 15, 2011) was an American journalist who wrote columns for Newsday and The Long Island Press.
Lowe began his journalism career as a high school newspaper columnist at St. Pius X Preparatory Seminary in Uniondale, New York. He was editor of the newspaper at Marist College, from where he graduated in 1967.
After his daughter Colleen was born, Lowe became a daily reporter at the Suffolk Sun in August 1969. However, the paper folded soon after, and Lowe was hired by Newsday.
In 1976, Lowe became a featured columnist for Newsday, appearing three times a week. In the early 2000s, Lowe hosted a one-hour weekday morning talk show on AM 540 WLUX (now WBWD). In 2004, he accepted early retirement from Newsday and became a columnist for The Long Island Press and the Neighbor Newspapers group.
Lowe had two sons, Jed and Daniel, with his second wife Phyllis Singer, then an editor at "Newsday." Lowe also hosted a cable television program. He was known for his wit and ability to capture average people and their stories.
Bibliography
Ed Lowe's Long Island.
Not As I Do: A Father's Report.
as co-author with Stanley Siegel
The Patient Who Cured His Therapist.
Uncharted Lives.
Notes
Writers from Brooklyn
Marist College alumni
American male journalists
American columnists
American humorists
Newsday people
Long Island Press people
1946 births
2011 deaths
People from Uniondale, New York
20th-century American journalists
Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown (April 18, 1924 – September 10, 2005) was an American singer and multi-instrumentalist from Louisiana. He won a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album in 1983 for his album, Alright Again!.
Early life
Brown was born in Vinton, Louisiana, and raised near Orange, Texas. His father was a railroad worker and local musician who taught him several musical instruments, including fiddle by age 5; as well as piano and guitar. He had at least one brother.
Career
Brown was performing guitar by age ten. He also played drums in swing bands as a teenager.
1940s and 1950s
Brown served in the military during World War II. His professional music career began in 1945, playing drums in San Antonio, Texas. He was given the nickname "Gatemouth" by a high school teacher who said he had a "voice like a gate". His career was boosted when he attended a concert by T-Bone Walker in Don Robey's Bronze Peacock Houston nightclub in 1947; Walker became ill, and Brown took up his guitar and quickly wrote and played "Gatemouth Boogie", to the delight of the audience.
In 1949 Robey founded Peacock Records in order to showcase Brown's virtuoso guitar work. Brown's "Mary Is Fine" backed with "My Time Is Expensive" was a hit for Peacock in 1949. A string of Peacock releases in the 1950s were less successful commercially, but were nonetheless pioneering musically. Particularly notable was the 1954 instrumental "Okie Dokie Stomp", in which Brown solos continuously over a punchy horn section (other instrumentals from this period include "Boogie Uproar" and "Gate Walks to Board"). "Okie Dokie Stomp" was also recorded by Cornell Dupree in the 1970s, who also had a commercial success with it. As for his gutsy violin playing, Robey allowed Brown to record "Just Before Dawn", his final release on the Peacock label, in 1959.
1960s and 1970s
In the 1960s Brown moved to Nashville, Tennessee, to participate in a syndicated R&B television show, and while he was there recorded several country singles. He struck up a friendship with Roy Clark and made several appearances on the television show Hee Haw. In 1966, Brown was the musical director for the house band on the short-lived television program, The !!!! Beat. Later in the decade, he worked as a deputy sheriff in New Mexico.
However, in the early 1970s several countries in Europe had developed an appreciation for American roots music, especially the blues, and Brown was a popular and well-respected artist there. He toured Europe twelve times, beginning in 1971 and continuing throughout the 1970s. He also became an official ambassador for American music, and participated in several tours sponsored by the U.S. State Department, including an extensive tour of Eastern Africa. Brown appeared at the 1973 Montreux Jazz Festival, where he jammed with American blues rock band Canned Heat, playing guitar and harmonica. In 1974, he recorded as a sideman with the New Orleans pianist Professor Longhair on his album, Rock 'N' Roll Gumbo (originally a Blue Star Records release). He moved to New Orleans in the late 1970s. In 1979, through his manager at the time, Jim Halsey, Brown embarked on a 6-week, 44 concert tours of the Soviet Union. This was an historic event as it marked the first time the Soviet Union made a contract with a U.S. private citizen (Jim Halsey) as regards a musical tour. All previous tours were under the auspices of the U.S. State Department. To date, this was by far the most extensive tour an American band had taken in the USSR.
Later years
In the 1980s, a series of releases on Rounder Records and Alligator Records revitalized his U.S. career, and he toured extensively and internationally, usually playing between 250 and 300 shows a year. He won a Grammy in 1982 for the album Alright Again! and was nominated for five more. Alright Again! is credited with putting Brown back on the musical map. He also won eight W. C. Handy Awards.
In 1999, Brown was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame.
In his last years, he maintained a full touring schedule, including Australia, New Zealand, South America, Africa and Eastern Europe. His final record Timeless was released in 2004.
Personal life and demise
Brown was married and divorced three times. He had four children: three daughters, Ursula Brown of Houston, Celeste Biles of Vista, California, and Renée Brown of New Orleans, and a son, Dwayne Brown, of Oklahoma City.
In September 2004, Brown was diagnosed with lung cancer. He already had emphysema and heart disease, and he and his doctors decided to forego treatment for the cancer. This greatly affected his musical career. His home in Slidell, Louisiana, was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in August 2005, although he had been evacuated to his childhood hometown of Orange, Texas, and lived with his brother before the storm hit.
He died in Orange on September 10, 2005, at the apartment of a grandniece, at the age of 81. Brown is buried in the Hollywood Cemetery in Orange. Flooding caused by Hurricane Ike in September 2008 damaged his grave. His grave has since been refurbished and through the estate funds, a headstone has been erected in his honor. A marker honoring Brown was placed by the Texas Historical Commission next to the flagpole at Hollywood Cemetery.
Musical style and influences
Known for his work as a blues musician, Brown spent his career fighting purism by synthesizing traditional blues and country, jazz, Cajun music and rhythm and blues.
Brown was acclaimed for his skills on multiple instruments, including the guitar, mandolin, viola, violin, harmonica and drums.
He is regarded as one of the most influential exponents of the blues fiddle and has had enormous influence in American fiddle circles.
Brown's biggest musical influences were Louis Jordan, T-Bone Walker, and Count Basie. His highly original electric guitar style influenced many blues and rock guitarists, including Guitar Slim, Albert Collins, and Johnny "Guitar" Watson.
Composer Frank Zappa, in his autobiography, The Real Frank Zappa Book (1989), credited Brown, along with Guitar Slim and Johnny "Guitar" Watson, as important influences on his guitar playing.
Discography
Original albums
Compilations and bootlegs
Other contributions
1976 Grey's Mood (with Al Grey) rec. 1973–1975 (Black & Blue 33.085; Classic Jazz CJ-118; CD reissue: Black & Blue BB-912.2)
2003 Johnny's Blues: A Tribute to Johnny Cash (NorthernBlues) Brown sings Johnny Cash's 1956 rockabilly song "Get Rhythm" with Benjy Davis
See also
List of blues musicians
List of fiddlers
List of Gibson players
Music of Texas
References
External links
W.C. Handy Blues Awards on National Public Radio Talk of the Nation
'Gatemouth' Brown Plays Through Cancer, Years on National Public Radio All Things Considered
Remembrances: 'Gatemouth' Brown's Blues Voice Goes Quiet on National Public Radio All Things Considered
Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown Discography
Video Interview with Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown, Loyola University, New Orleans
1924 births
2005 deaths
20th-century African-American male singers
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century violinists
People from Vinton, Louisiana
African-American country musicians
African-American guitarists
African Americans in World War II
African-American songwriters
Alligator Records artists
American blues drummers
American blues harmonica players
American blues guitarists
American blues mandolinists
American blues violists
American country fiddlers
American country singer-songwriters
American folk musicians
American male guitarists
American male singer-songwriters
American rhythm and blues guitarists
American rhythm and blues singer-songwriters
Black & Blue Records artists
Blues fiddlers
Charly Records artists
Country musicians from Louisiana
Country musicians from Texas
Deaths from lung cancer in Texas
Grammy Award winners
Guitarists from Louisiana
Guitarists from Texas
Musicians from San Antonio
People from Orange, Texas
People from Slidell, Louisiana
P-Vine Records artists
Singer-songwriters from Louisiana
Singer-songwriters from Texas
Swing drummers
Texas blues musicians
Timber Peak () is the high peak (3,070 m) above Priestley Glacier, on the south side. The peak is 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) west-northwest of the summit of Mount New Zealand in the Eisenhower Range, Victoria Land. The Southern Party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1962–63) gave this name because petrified sections of tree branches were found in sandstone deposits at this point.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Daluyong ("Tidal Wave" or "Wave") is a 1976 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Lazaro Francisco. The novel was published in Quezon City, Manila, in the Philippines by the Ateneo de Manila University Press.
Plot
Daluyong begins where Francisco's novel Maganda pa ang Daigdig ("The World Be Beautiful Still") ends. Lino Rivero, a former ranch worker, is given an opportunity to own a portion of land by the priest Padre Echevarria. Lino becomes an avatar who, through his efforts and good will, is able to free himself from the oppressive "tenant farmer" system. Apart from the "waves of changes" that might happen due to agrarian reform and because of the hope of the Filipino lower class for a good future, Daluyong tackled the "waves of forces" that prevents such changes and hopes from being realized.
See also
Sugat ng Alaala
References
External links
Daluyong by Lázaro Francisco at Google Books
Philippine novels
1986 novels
Political novels
Tagalog-language novels
Novels set in the Philippines
Tobias Avery Plants (March 17, 1811 – June 19, 1887) was an American lawyer, newspaperman, and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1865 to 1869.
Biography
Born at Sewickley, Pennsylvania, Plants apprenticed to a saddler at the age of twelve.
He received a limited common school education.
He attended Beaver College, Meadville, Pennsylvania.
He taught school, and while teaching studied law with Edwin M. Stanton in the office of Judge David Powell at Steubenville, Ohio.
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Athens, Ohio, in 1846, but soon moved to Pomeroy, Ohio.
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1858–1861.
He was owner and publisher of the Pomeroy Weekly Telegraph about 1860.
Congress
Plants was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Congresses (March 4, 1865 - March 3, 1869). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1868.
Later career and death
He served as Common Pleas Judge in Meigs County from 1873 to 1875, when he resigned to resume the practice of law. A presidential elector for Garfield/Arthur in 1880, he served as president of the First City Bank of Pomeroy from 1878 until his death in Pomeroy on June 19, 1887. He was interred in Beech Grove Cemetery.
Notes
References
1811 births
1887 deaths
People from Sewickley, Pennsylvania
Ohio lawyers
1880 United States presidential electors
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
People from Pomeroy, Ohio
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Radical Socialist Party (, ) was a progressive Luxembourgian political party that existed from 1925 to 1932. It was the successor of the Liberal League, but, unlike its predecessor, it existed as an organised extra-parliamentary party, marking itself as Luxembourg's first true liberal political party. It was the predecessor of the Radical Liberal Party and, ultimately, of the current Democratic Party.
History
The party was founded following a split in the Liberal League, which had been riven by ideological splits between the classical liberal 'old liberals' led by the party's founder Robert Brasseur and the progressive 'new liberals' led by the Mayor of Luxembourg City, Gaston Diderich. When the Liberal League collapsed, the progressives reformed under Diderich's leadership as the Radical Socialist Party (the name reflecting its left-wing tendencies compared to its predecessor), whilst the old Liberals formed the Left Liberals.
The party was instantly accepted into a new coalition government, headed by Pierre Prüm of the small populist Independent National Party. The government lasted only one year, before falling apart due to ideological strains between its constituent parties and with the Socialist Party. In 1928, a faction broke away under the leadership of Marcel Cahens as a protest against the party's involvement in the Party of the Right government of Joseph Bech, becoming the Radical Party
However, the parties remained close, and eventually reunited in 1932 as the Radical Liberal Party, which would take part in governments from 1932 until 1938. After the Second World War, the liberal movement would find itself united again with the emergence of the Democratic Party.
References
Bibliography
Liberal parties in Luxembourg
Radical parties
Social liberal parties
Defunct political parties in Luxembourg
Defunct liberal political parties
Political parties established in 1925
Political parties disestablished in 1932
Ungernia is a genus of bulb-forming plants in the Amaryllis family, native to central and south-central Asia Asia (Iran, Afghanistan, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan).
Species
Ungernia badghysi Botsch. - Turkmenistan
Ungernia ferganica Vved. ex Artjush. - Kyrgyzstan
Ungernia flava Boiss. & Hausskn. - Iran
Ungernia oligostroma Popov & Vved. - Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan
Ungernia sewerzowii (Regel) B.Fedtsch. - Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan
Ungernia spiralis Proskor. - Turkmenistan
Ungernia tadschicorum Vved. ex Artjushenko - Tajikistan
Ungernia trisphaera Bunge - Iran, Afghanistan, Turkmenistan
Ungernia victoris Vved. ex Artjush. - Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan
Ungernia vvedenskyi Khamidch. - Kazakhstan
References
External links
Private botanic garden, Bulbs Gallery, Ungernia
Плантариум, Русскоязычные названия, Унгерния Северцова, Ungernia sewerzowii (Regel) B. Fedtsch. Описание таксона in Russian; numerous photos
Amaryllidaceae genera
Amaryllidoideae
is a private university in Okayama, Okayama, Japan. The predecessor of the school, women's school, was founded in 1904, and it was chartered as a junior college in 1953. In 1979 it became a four-year women's college. Adopting the present name in 2003, it became a co-ed college in 2004.
External links
Official website English available on website, "EN" ikon at top right.
Educational institutions established in 1904
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Okayama
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
1904 establishments in Japan
The grey years were a loosely defined period in Cuban history, generally agreed to have started with the Padilla affair in 1971. It is often associated with the tenure of Luis Pavón Tamayo (de) as the head of Cuba's National Cultural Council ("Consejo Nacional de Cuba", or CNC) from 1971 to 1976. The period is also sometimes called the quinquenio gris ("five grey years"), the trinquenio amargo ("bitter fifteen years"), or the decada negra ("the black decade").
The grey years were generally defined by cultural censorship, harassment of intellectuals and artists, and the ostracization of members of the LGBT+ community. Greater monetary influence from the Soviet Union during this time period pressured Cuba into adopting a model of cultural repression that was reflected in Cuba's domestic policy throughout the 1970s.
Background
Researchers generally agree on a timeline of events leading up to the grey years following the end of the Cuban Revolution in 1959. Immediately after the revolution, Cuba enjoyed some years of free-flowing creativity which was brought to an abrupt end in 1961 with the P.M. affair, when the nation's government censored a film depicting Cuban youth in Havana. Subsequently, Fidel Castro delivered his speech Palabras a los intelectuales ("Words to the Intellectuals") in June of the same year which included the famous line, "Dentro de la Revolución, to-do; contra la Revolución, nada" ("Within the Revolution, everything; against the Revolution, nothing"). This signaled to intellectuals that there were clear limitations to their actions and that their freedoms were "subordinated to political power".
After being confronted with the United States embargo and blockade that essentially cut the island nation off from the capitalist world, Cuba became heavily reliant on the Soviet Union for goods. By 1968, Cuba was well on its way to becoming completely dependent on the USSR. The year was marked by Fidel Castro's support juxtaposed with Western criticism of the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia, the total nationalization of all property and censorship of cultural actors in the "Revolutionary Offensive", and the 1968 Cultural Congress in Havana which held debates on whether or not Cuban culture should be independent from political ideologies.
In 1970, Cuba set an ambitious goal for sugar production in an attempt to alleviate their economic struggles. Castro aimed for the manufacturing of ten million tons of raw sugar, more than twice the average harvest during that time. Ultimately, the harvest failed to reach its goal. With worldwide contempt growing against Cuba, the nation decided to join COMECON (the Soviet "common market") as a full member and sign a new sugarcane contract with the Soviet Union. This did allow sugar production to steadily increase in Cuba, but also led to a greater reliance on the USSR and paved the way for the mimicry of their censorship policies throughout the decade.
Developments
Origins
The true catalyst of the grey years is widely regarded to be the Padilla affair of 1971. Heberto Padilla was a well-known Cuban poet and author who had sparked controversy with his book of poems Fuera del juego ("Outside of the Game"), which had been awarded the first place prize in the 1968 Cuban Union of Writers and Artists ("Unión Nacional de Escritores y Artistas de Cuba", or UNEAC) poetry contest. The Cuban government found the book's critical remarks to be counter-revolutionary at the time and attempted to dissuade the judges from acknowledging the book, but it was awarded and published nevertheless. Soviet pro-censorship rhetoric strengthened in Cuba over the next two years and consequently, Padilla was arrested in his home under the charge of "misrepresenting the revolution to foreign journalists and intellectuals" in 1971. His arrest sparked international outrage, especially amongst intellectuals, and in 1980 he was granted permission to leave Cuba for the United States where he resided until his death in 2000.
Following the affair, the CNC was reorganized and headed by Luis Pavón Tamayo, who many Cubans consider directly responsible for the grey years. Many intellectuals felt that under Pavón's repressive policies, Cuba shifted from a cultural policy based on discussion and tolerance into one that was enforced via edict. This may be partially due to Cuba's movement away from Marxist progressive nationalism into a more Soviet-oriented Marxism-Leninism approach that centralized power for the Communist Party of Cuba and was cemented into the 1976 version of Cuba's Constitution. The CNC's actions taken against artists who were thought to be counter-revolutionary were mixed; some were barred from spaces where they could create, some were disallowed from exhibiting their work, and some were forbidden from international travel. One of Pavón's victims, Cuban poet and playwright Antón Arrufat, was forced to perform manual labor in a library basement and banned from writing or publishing for over a decade. In Fidel Castro's April 30, 1971 closing speech at the first National Congress of Education and Culture, he criticized pseudo-leftists, "intellectual rats," and homosexuals. The CNC went on to enact policies that targeted and censored "high-risk" arts, specifically those in theatre. Artists who were not trusted ideologically or considered homosexuals were marginalized.
Afro-Cuban culture was also amongst the many movements considered "ideological diversionism", a term used by the Castro government throughout the grey years to describe counter-revolutionary expressions. The First National Congress of Culture and Education in 1971 reported that societies of and for Afro-Cuban individuals were no longer acceptable in Cuba. In addition, the widely popular African-based religions of Santería and Palo Monte were censored by the government on a large scale for the duration of the 1970s. This repression of Afro-Cuban culture and accompanying lack of representation in the public sphere throughout the grey years is generally thought to have contributed to a decline in Cuban social equality; during this time period, speaking out on issues of race was a form of diversionism.
Conclusion
The grey years began to taper off with the foundation of the Ministry of Culture in 1976, with Armando Hart as Minister; however, the situation most drastically improved when esteemed writer Abel Prieto replaced him in 1997.
By the 1980s, the negative consequences of Cuba's "Sovietized" domestic policy became evident: economic failure, high levels of corruption, excessive bureaucratization, and the growing demoralization of the Cuban people. The resulting movement of the Cuban government away from this approach, along with Hart's position as Minister of Culture, sparked a "rectification" process of correcting previous mistakes. These amends included tempering off the repressive policies of the grey years and allowed for a cultural revival during this time. In 1986, Fidel Castro made a speech acknowledging that Cuba had been veering away from the original stated purpose of the 1959 Revolution and into something "worse than capitalism" for several years leading up to that point. The subsequent "Special Period" in Cuban history which took place from 1990 to 2003 attempted to remedy this situation by way of several major institutional changes, such as sweeping renovations to the Cuban legal, political, economic, and civil systems.
The fall of the USSR in 1991 also greatly contributed to ending the repressive policies that characterized the grey years. With Soviet Russia gone, Cuba found itself in an extremely vulnerable financial position; the country experienced a dramatic dip in sugar production that devastated its economy throughout the 1990s. The general consensus among scholars is that the Cuban government was too focused on economic survival during this period to concern itself with censoring intellectuals.
These events, along with the advent of the internet and the accompanying force of globalization, led to a cautious post-Soviet recovery of artistic autonomy throughout the country.
Legacy
Despite the decline of cultural repression in the late 1970s, censorship in Cuba still existed well into the 1980s and 90s. This is illustrated by the 1989 movie Alicia en el pueblo de Maravillas ("Alice in Wondertown"), a comedy that parodied the Cuban government's bureaucracy, inefficiency, and corruption. In the context of the dissolution of the Soviet Bloc and the government's desire to crack down on "ideological diversionism" in an attempt to avoid the same fate, the movie was banned after its award winning debut at the Berlin International Film Festival. Shortly thereafter, the Cuban Film Institute ("Instituto Cubano de Arte e Industria Cinematográficos", or ICAIC) was put on notice that it would be merging with the film and television of the military as a result of the economic crisis of the 1990s. This was seen as a potential "death blow" to the newly-recovered independence of the Cuban film industry, but after intense protests by the Cuban people, the government yielded and reinstated the ICAIC. However, this was not without compromise; the former head of the Institute, Julio García Espinosa, was replaced by Castro ally Alfredo Guevara.
In 2000, on the heels of neoliberal globalization, the Cuban government began to undertake major policy changes in its social sector which it refers to as the "Battle of Ideas", or the "batalla de ideas". The goal of this program was to open cultural opportunities in Cuba and address deepening social inequalities in order to boost the morale of its citizens and push back against American capitalist ideology. The key features of the "Battle of Ideas" included a weighty overhaul of the school system and a renaissance in the production, creation, and dissemination of cultural products with a heavy emphasis on patriotism and internationalism.
In January of 2007, an elderly Luis Pavón Tamayo appeared beside Raúl Castro on a Cuban television program in an interview about his life, which painted his career overall in a positive light and did not acknowledge his role in the grey years. This widely appalled Cubans and ignited a nation-wide fear that the government was taking a renewed hard stance on censorship. In what became known as the "email war" (or the "guerra de los emails"), a chain of email correspondences regarding the scandal was set off by prominent writer Jorge Ángel Pérez and quickly drew national attention. The UNEAC subsequently issued a statement on the front page of Cuba's national newspaper, Granma, assuring Cubans that national policy would not be altered.
See also
Culture of Cuba
Cuba under Fidel Castro
Cuba–Soviet Union relations
LGBT rights in Cuba
References
1960s in Cuba
1970s in Cuba
1980s in Cuba
Cold War history of Cuba
History of Cuba
Political and cultural purges
Persecution of intellectuals
The 2012 WNBA Finals was the series for the 2012 season of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA), and the conclusion of the season's playoffs. The Minnesota Lynx, champions of the Western Conference, faced the Indiana Fever, champions of the Eastern Conference. The Fever defeated the Lynx three games to one becoming only the second Eastern Conference franchise to capture a WNBA title.
The WNBA Finals were under a 2–2–1 rotation. The Lynx held home-court advantage as they had a better regular season record (27–7) than the Fever (22–12). The Lynx were defending their 2011 WNBA Championship. The Fever appeared in the 2009 Finals.
Background
2012 WNBA regular season
2012 WNBA Playoffs
Indiana Fever
The Indiana Fever finished 22–12, good for second place in the Eastern Conference. The Fever lost their first playoff game against the Atlanta Dream, but rallied to win two straight elimination games, setting up a conference final against the Connecticut Sun. Once again, Indiana lost the first game of the series, but rallied to win two straight to reach the finals for the second time in four years.
Minnesota Lynx
The Minnesota Lynx finished with the best record in the WNBA for the second straight year, finishing with a 27–7 record. The Lynx were taken to three games by the Seattle Storm, winning Game 3 by one point. The Lynx then swept the Los Angeles Sparks in the Western Conference Finals, which gave them a chance to defend their 2011 WNBA title.
Regular-season series
The Minnesota Lynx won the season series 2–0:
Series summary
All times are in Eastern Daylight Time (UTC−4).
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
Game 4
Rosters
References
Finals
Women's National Basketball Association Finals
WNBA Finals
WNBA Finals
WNBA Finals
Indiana Fever
Minnesota Lynx
2010s in Minneapolis
2010s in Indianapolis
Sports competitions in Minneapolis
Sports competitions in Indianapolis
Vrmbaje is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 304 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
is a private junior college in Sasebo, Nagasaki, Japan, established in 1966. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1945.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1945
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nagasaki Prefecture
1945 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
"Full of Fire" is a 1975 song written by Al Green, Mabon Hodges, Willie Mitchell and recorded by Al Green. The single has a more up-tempo feel than his previous releases and was Green's last of six number ones on the R&B chart. "Full of Fire" also reached number twenty-eight on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
Chart positions
References
1975 singles
Al Green songs
1975 songs
Songs written by Al Green
Songs written by Teenie Hodges
Songs written by Willie Mitchell (musician)
Jean-Claude Leuyer (born November 30, 1970), or simply Jean Claude, is an American former heavyweight kickboxer. He was a six-time world champion, holding titles in four different organizations, and competing in sixteen world title fights. He holds notable wins over Rob Kaman and Tomasz Kucharzewski in K-1.
Career
Early career
Although a Muay Thai fighter by trade, Leuyer first began practicing martial arts at the age of five with Shotokan karate. He came to prominence in 1994 when he won the USMTA Heavyweight Championship. He then won the ISKA Intercontinental Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship by defeating Hirawi Te Rangi of New Zealand on March 13, 1994. Later in his career, he also held the ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship and ISKA World Super Heavyweight Muay Thai Championship.
Invitation to K-1
In 1996, Leuyer was invited to take part in the K-1 World Grand Prix, the annual gathering of the world's best heavyweight kickboxers in Japan. Billed simply as "Jean Claude" in the promotion, he made his debut against Peter Aerts at the K-1 Grand Prix '96 Opening Battle in Yokohama on March 10, 1996. Towards the end of the first round, Aerts violently knocked Leuyer out with a right high kick.
He returned at the K-1 Grand Prix '96 in a superfight against Aerts' teammate Rene Rooze on May 6, 1996. Rooze knocked Leuyer down little over a minute into the fight before knocking him out with a flurry of punches seconds later.
His third fight in K-1 came against yet another Dutchman, the legendary Rob Kaman, at K-1 Hercules '96 on December 12, 1996 in Nagoya. Kaman dominated the fight until the fifth round, wherein he suffered a cut shin. Leuyer was awarded a technical knockout win.
Following this, he picked up another win over Frenchman Stephane Reveillon when he stopped him in round three at K-1 Kings '97 on March 3, 1997 in Yokohama. He then rematched Peter Aerts at K-1 Braves '97 on April 29, 1997. He was unable to take revenge, however, and was stopped in the second round.
After defeating Achille Roger on May 31, 1997 in San Jose, California, Leuyer returned to Japan to fight for the WKBA World Super Heavyweight Championship against Ray Sefo at K-1 Dream '97 on July 20, 1997. Although good friends, they put on one of the most brutal fights in K-1 history, with Sefo taking the unanimous decision after seven rounds.
He was invited back to the K-1 World GP again in 1997, but once again made it no further than the opening round as he was knocked out in round two by Australia's Sam Greco at the K-1 Grand Prix '97 1st Round on September 7, 1997.
In October 1997, he met Ray Sefo in a rematch only to suffer the same fate once more, losing a decision.
Later career
On May 24, 1998, Leuyer fought Maurice Smith for the Draka World Super Heavyweight Championship in Los Angeles, California, but the bout was ruled a draw. After this, he was invited to the K-1 USA Grand Prix '98 in Las Vegas, Nevada on August 7, 1998. He defeated karateka Tomasz Kucharzewski by TKO in the quarter-finals, only to be KO'd by Curtis Shuster in the semis.
He made a defence of his ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship against Andrei Dudko on May 15, 2000 in San Jose, California, stopping the challenger with a low kick in the fifth round. As the fight was entertaining and evenly-matched, a rematch was scheduled to take place in Moscow, Russia. Leuyer refused, however, and was stripped of his title.
On September 15, 2000, he was eliminated at the quarter-final stage of the K-1 USA Championships 2000 in Las Vegas, when he was TKO'd by Paul Lalonde in round two. Leuyer returned at the K-1 World Grand Prix 2001 Preliminary USA on May 5, 2001, but fared no better and was beaten on decision by Michael McDonald at the opening stage once again.
Leuyer won back his ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle title on September 29, 2001 in San Jose when he defeated Jeff Ford by TKO in round eight.
His last foray into K-1 came the following year on May 3 at the K-1 World Grand Prix 2002 Preliminary USA in Las Vegas where he was defeated via unanimous decision by Dewey Cooper in the quarter-finals.
Personal life
Since his retirement from fighting, Leuyer has appeared in a number of films as an actor and stuntman, including Jet Li's Fearless. He is also a trainer at the American Kickboxing Academy.
Titles
IFCA
IFCA Muay Thai World Championship
International Sport Karate Association
ISKA Intercontinental Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship
ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship
ISKA World Super Heavyweight Muay Thai Championship
USHE
USHE Heavyweight Championship
United States Muay Thai Association
USMTA Heavyweight Muay Thai Championship
Kickboxing record
|-
|
|Loss
| Dewey Cooper
|K-1 World Grand Prix 2002 Preliminary USA
|Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
|Decision (unanimous)
|align="center"|3
|align="center"|3:00
|2002 K-1 USA Grand Prix quarter-final.
|-
|
|Win
| Jeff Ford
|Strikeforce
|San Jose, California, USA
|TKO (corner stoppage)
|align="center"|8
|align="center"|-
|Wins ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship.
|-
|
|Loss
| Michael McDonald
|K-1 World Grand Prix 2001 Preliminary USA
|Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
|Decision (split)
|align="center"|3
|align="center"|3:00
|2001 K-1 USA Grand Prix quarter-final.
|-
|
|Loss
| Paul Lalonde
|K-1 USA Championships 2000
|Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
|TKO
|align="center"|2
|align="center"|2:31
|2000 K-1 USA Grand Prix quarter-final.
|-
|
|Win
| Andrei Dudko
|Strikeforce
|San Jose, California, USA
|KO (low kick)
|align="center"|5
|align="center"|-
|Defends ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship.
|-
|
|Loss
| Cyril Abidi
|
|Marseilles, France
|KO
|align="center"|-
|align="center"|-
|
|-
|
|Loss
| Curtis Shuster
|K-1 USA Grand Prix '98
|Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
|KO (punch)
|align="center"|2
|align="center"|2:29
|1998 K-1 USA Grand Prix semi-final.
|-
|
|Win
| Tomasz Kucharzewski
|K-1 USA Grand Prix '98
|Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
|TKO (corner stoppage)
|align="center"|1
|align="center"|3:00
|1998 K-1 USA Grand Prix quarter-final.
|-
|
|Draw
| Maurice Smith
|Draka V
|Los Angeles, California, USA
|Decision draw
|align="center"|-
|align="center"|-
|For Draka World Super Heavyweight Championship.
|-
|
|Loss
| Ray Sefo
|
|
|Decision
|align="center"|5
|align="center"|3:00
|
|-
|
|Loss
| Sam Greco
|K-1 Grand Prix '97 1st Round
|Osaka, Japan
|KO (right hook)
|align="center"|2
|align="center"|1:55
|1997 K-1 World Grand Prix opening round.
|-
|
|Loss
| Ray Sefo
|K-1 Dream '97
|Nagoya, Japan
|Decision (unanimous)
|align="center"|7
|align="center"|3:00
|For WKBA World Super Heavyweight Championship.
|-
|
|Win
| Achille Roger
|
|San Jose, California, USA
|
|align="center"|-
|align="center"|-
|
|-
|
|Loss
| Peter Aerts
|K-1 Braves '97
|Fukuoka, Japan
|TKO (referee stoppage)
|align="center"|2
|align="center"|2:08
|
|-
|
|Win
| Stephane Reveillon
|K-1 Kings '97
|Yokohama, Japan
|KO (low kicks)
|align="center"|3
|align="center"|2:06
|
|-
|
|Win
| Rob Kaman
|K-1 Hercules '96
|Nagoya, Japan
|TKO (shin injury)
|align="center"|5
|align="center"|0:43
|
|-
|
|Loss
| Rene Rooze
|K-1 Grand Prix '96
|Yokohama, Japan
|KO (punches)
|align="center"|1
|align="center"|1:50
|
|-
|
|Loss
| Peter Aerts
|K-1 Grand Prix '96 Opening Battle
|Yokohama, Japan
|KO (right high kick)
|align="center"|1
|align="center"|2:43
|1996 K-1 World Grand Prix opening round.
|-
|
|Win
| Hirawi Te Rangi
|
|USA
|
|align="center"|2
|align="center"|-
|Wins ISKA Intercontinental Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship.
|-
|
|Win
| Gerold Curray
|
|Phoenix, Arizona, USA
|TKO
|align="center"|2
|align="center"|-
|Defends USMTA Heavyweight Championship.
|-
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
References
External links
Official K-1 Profile
1970 births
Living people
American male kickboxers
Kickboxers from Arizona
Kickboxers from California
Heavyweight kickboxers
American Muay Thai practitioners
Sportspeople from Phoenix, Arizona
Sportspeople from San Jose, California
American male actors
American stunt performers
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1996 federal election in the state of Victoria.
Overall results
Results by division
Aston
Ballarat
Batman
Bendigo
Bruce
Burke
Calwell
Casey
Chisholm
Corangamite
Corio
Deakin
Dunkley
Flinders
Gellibrand
Gippsland
Goldstein
Higgins
Holt
Hotham
Indi
Isaacs
Jagajaga
Kooyong
La Trobe
Lalor
Mallee
Maribyrnong
McEwen
McMillan
Melbourne
Melbourne Ports
Menzies
Murray
Scullin
Wannon
Wills
See also
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1996–1998
References
Victoria 1996
The Lurgi–Ruhrgas process is an above-ground coal liquefaction and shale oil extraction technology. It is classified as a hot recycled solids technology.
History
The Lurgi–Ruhrgas process was originally invented in the 1940s and further developed in the 1950s for a low-temperature liquefaction of lignite (brown coal). The technology is named after its developers Lurgi Gesellschaft für Wärmetechnik G.m.b.H. and Ruhrgas AG. Over a time, the process was used for coal processing in Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, Argentina, and former Yugoslavia. The plant in Japan processed also cracking petroleum oils to olefins.
In 1947–1949, the Lurgi–Ruhrgas process was used in Germany for shale oil production. In Lukavac, Bosnia and Herzegovina, two retorts for liquefaction of lignite were in operation from 1963 to 1968. The capacity of the plant was 850 tons of lignite per day. The plant in Lincolnshire, the United Kingdom, operated in 1978–1979 with capacity of 900 tons of coal per day. In late 1960s and early 1970s oil shales from different European countries and from the Green River Formation of Colorado, the United States, were tested at the Lurgi's pilot plant in Frankfurt. In the United States, the technology was promoted in cooperation with Dravo Corporation. In the 1970s, the technology was licensed to the Rio Blanco Shale Oil Project for construction of a modular retort in combination with the modified in situ process. However, this plan was terminated.
In 1980, the Natural Resources Authority of Jordan commissioned from the Klöckner-Lurgi consortium a pre-feasibility study of construction of an oil shale retorting complex in Jordan using the Lurgi–Ruhrgas process. However, although the study found the technology feasible, it was never implemented.
Technology
The Lurgi–Ruhrgas process is a hot recycled solids technology, which processes fine particles of coal or oil shale sized . As a heat carrier, it uses spent char or spent oil shale (oil shale ash), mixed with sand or other more durable materials. In this process, crushed coal or oil shale is fed into the top of the retort. In retort, coal or oil shale is mixed with the heated char or spent oil shale particles in the mechanical mixer (screw conveyor). The heat is transferred from the heated char or spent oil shale to the coal or raw oil shale causing pyrolysis. As a result, oil shale decomposes to shale oil vapors, oil shale gas and spent oil shale. The oil vapor and product gases pass through a hot cyclone for cleaning before sending to a condenser. In the condenser, shale oil is separated from product gases.
The spent oil shale, still including residual carbon (char), is burnt at a lift pipe combustor to heat the process. If necessary, additional fuel oil is used for combustion. During the combustion process, heated solid particles in the pipe are moved to the surge bin by pre-heated air that is introduced from the bottom of the pipe. At the surge bin, solids and gases are separated, and solid particles are transferred to the mixer unit to conduct the pyrolysis of the raw oil shale.
One of the disadvantages of this technology is the fact that produced shale oil vapors are mixed with shale ash causing impurities in shale oil. Ensuring the quality of produced shale oil is complicated as compared with other mineral dusts the shale ash is more difficult to collect.
See also
Galoter process
Alberta Taciuk process
Petrosix process
Kiviter process
TOSCO II process
Fushun process
Paraho process
KENTORT II
Union process
References
Oil shale technology
Coal
Thermal treatment
Pancit buko (Tagalog "young coconut noodles"; also known as pancit butong in Visayan), is a Filipino dish made from very thin strips of young coconut (buko) meat with various spices, vegetables, and meat or seafood. It is a type of Filipino noodle dish (pancit), even though it does not usually use actual noodles.
The recipes can vary and are often adaptations of other Filipino pancit dishes. It has two main types, a broth version, and a stir-fried (guisado) version. The latter often uses latik and coconut oil derived from coconut cream (kakang gata). Pancit buko is commonly served directly on an opened coconut shell.
The dish originates independently from the Tagalog people (specifically from Quezon and Laguna), and the Visayan people. The Visayan versions of the dish differ from the Tagalog versions in that it sometimes includes wheat noodles.
See also
Batchoy
Cuisine of the Philippines
Ginataan
List of coconut dishes
References
Philippine soups
Philippine noodle dishes
Noodle soups
Rutkowski Glacier () is a glacier which drains the northern part of the Dominion Range icecap eastward of Mount Mills. It descends northeastward into Meyer Desert where it terminates without reaching Beardmore Glacier. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Richard L. Rutkowski, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) meteorologist at the South Pole Station, 1962.
Glaciers of Dufek Coast
The Kavrayskiy Hills () are a line of mostly ice-covered coastal hills in Antarctica, rising south of Rennick Bay and along the west side of the lower end of Rennick Glacier. They were charted by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition (1958) and named after Vladimir V. Kavrayskiy, a Soviet geodesist and cartographer.
See also
Thompson Point (Antarctica)
References
Hills of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The Surfcoast Highway (and its northern section within Geelong as Torquay Road, and its southern section as Surf Coast Highway) is a semi-rural highway in Victoria, Australia, connecting the city of Geelong with the coastal town of Torquay. The highway runs through the Armstrong Creek Growth Area, which is the subject of extensive residential development; closer to Torquay, tourist attractions the Narana Creations indigenous centre, Surf Coast Plaza retail centre, and the Surfworld museum are located along the highway.
Route
Torquay Road starts at the intersection with Settlement Road in Belmont and runs south as a four-lane, dual-carriageway road through the southern Geelong suburb of Grovedale and crossing the Warrnambool railway line, continuing south until it reaches the intersection of Lower Duneed Road in Mount Duneed. It changes name to Surf Coast Highway and continues south, eventually running through central Torquay, before ending at the bridge over Spring Creek, where the road continues west as the Great Ocean Road.
History
Construction to duplicate the Surfcoast Highway, 13.2km total between Grovedale and Torquay, commenced in November 1990, to aid higher traffic levels due to tourism and holidays and the growth of Torquay and neighbouring Jan Juc. Work was completed and opened in June 1993, for a total cost of $13.3 million. A link between Surfcoast Highway and the Geelong Ring Road, named Baanip Boulevard, was completed in June 2015.
Surfcoast Highway was signed as State Route 100 between Grovedale and Torquay in 1986; with Victoria's conversion to the newer alphanumeric system in the late 1990s, this was updated to route B100 in 1996.
The passing of the Road Management Act 2004 granted the responsibility of overall management and development of Victoria's major arterial roads to VicRoads: in 2004, VicRoads re-declared the road as Surfcoast Highway (Arterial #6190), beginning at Corio-Waurn Ponds Road (today Settlement Road) at Belmont and ending at Great Ocean Road in Torquay; this declaration formally includes today's Torquay Road, but signposts along this section have kept its original name.
Major intersections
See also
References
Highways in Victoria (Australia)
The plain-winged antshrike (Thamnophilus schistaceus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
References
plain-winged antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
plain-winged antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
One human poll comprised the 1949 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. The Coaches' Poll began operation in 1950; in addition, the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 28, at the end of the 1949 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
References
College football rankings
Jean-Baptiste Habyalimana (also spelled Habyarimana) (14 March 1950 – 1994) was a Rwandan academic and politician who served as the Prefect of Butare and was killed during the Rwandan genocide in 1994. He was the only Tutsi prefect at the time of the genocide, and also the only prefect belonging to the Liberal Party. He had resisted the genocide.
Early life and education
Jean-Baptiste Habyalimana was born on 14 March 1950 in Runyinya Commune, Ruanda-Urundi. Ethnically, he was Tutsi. He completed his secondary studies at the Groupe Scolaire Officiel de Butare in 1969. He earned a degree in civil engineering from the National University of Rwanda in October 1975. From that December until November 1978 he worked for the university's Centre for the Study and Application of Energy. He was subsequently appointed assistant professor for the university's sciences faculty. In August 1984, the government allowed him to pursue further education at the University of Missouri in the United States, which was rare for a Tutsi. He defended his doctoral thesis in August 1989 and earned a Doctor of Philosophy in engineering.
Academic career
Though he was offered a job in the United States, Habyalimana opted to return to Butare and became a lecturer at the National University. On 22 January 1990 he was elected vice-dean of the faculty of applied sciences. On 3 October he was arrested by the government as part of a wave of detentions meant to target alleged accomplices of the rebel group Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF). He was released without being charged on 25 March 1991. The vice-rector of the National University reinstated him on 9 April, but asked him to "adapt to the arrangements made in his absence", which meant he was deprived of all administrative responsibilities.
The vice-rector and the dean subjected Habyalimana to harassment thereafter, attempting to oust him from his position in the applied sciences faculty and denying him backpay for his time in detention, even though the latter was in contradiction of instructions given by the rector. Habyalimana joined five other teachers in protesting this treatment, and on 5 December 1992 the vice-rector awarded him his full salary following the rector's intervention.
Prefect of Butare
Appointment
In 1992 a coalition government was installed in Rwanda under Prime Minister Dismas Nsengiyaremye. The new government issued instructions that all prefects should be reassigned to their areas of origin. President Juvénal Habyarimana of the ruling National Revolutionary Movement for Development (MRND) was wary of the effect this would have in Butare Prefecture, as it would mean a "strong" prefect from the Social Democratic Party (PSD) then working in Gitarama would assume the office. Butare was home to Hutu and Tutsi populations for centuries. As a Rwandan intellectual centre, it was known for more liberal political tendencies and ethnic tolerance. In electoral politics, it provided a strong base for the PSD. Habyarimana concluded that a new, relatively non-political Tutsi should be appointed to the office, believing this type of person would make for a politically impotent prefect. Lando Ndasingwa, a minister in the new government and vice president of the Liberal Party (PL), suggested that the post be given to Habyalimana, a member of the PL. Habyalimana was viewed favorably by the government as a skilled academic who cared little for ethnic and regional differences and could collaborate with Hutus and northerners. The PSD agreed to the suggestion, as they already controlled other offices in Butare and found Habyalimana to be agreeable to them. He was appointed Prefect of Butare by presidential decree on 14 August 1992.
Tenure
During Habyalimana's two-year tenure as prefect, Butare experienced increasing political disorder as municipal officials were purged and murdered. Habyalimana was able to maintain security in the prefecture for most regular people and commerce, in contrast to the situation in Kigali. He also maintained good relations with many MRND politicians and had the respect of Major Cyriaque Habyarabatuma, the local commander of the gendarmerie. His informal style of leadership and relaxed attitude generated anger in some quarters, and he was politically isolated. His relations with the MRND Burgomaster of Maraba, Jean-Marie Habineza, were more strained, as Habineza faced numerous corruption allegations.
Actions during the Rwandan genocide
On 6 April 1994 President Habyarimana's plane was shot down by unknown assailants over Kigali, killing all aboard. The military subsequently installed a new interim government of Hutu extremists on 9 April. Fearing for his safety, Habyalimana refused to attend the conference of prefects called by the new government in Kigali on 11 April. Two days later the Hutu propagandist broadcaster Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines (RTLM) declared that Tutsis were concealing themselves amongst displaced persons fleeing to Butare Prefecture. In response, Habyalimana ordered communal meetings to be held to urge calm. On 17 April Habyalimana and Major Habyarabatuma visited Cyahinda church in Nyakizu commune. Their arrival allowed for a brief pause in the killings, and Habyalimana pledged to a crowd of Tutsis that he would bring them food and troops to protect them. He also met with the Prefect of Gikongoro to urge him to stop the violence in his jurisdiction and thus prevent further people from fleeing to Butare. When he was returning to Butare town that night, Radio Rwanda announced Habyalimana's dismissal as prefect. The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda later ruled that this was done by the interim government since it concluded that Habyalimana would resist its desire to incite massacres of Tutsis. That day RTLM presenter Valérie Bemeriki accused him of working with the RPF. Habyalimana was present at the inauguration of the new prefect, Sylvain Nsabimana, on the morning of 19 April in Butare town, but fearing for his personal safety he soon went into hiding. In mid-May he was found by gendarmes and only agreed to accompany them when they guaranteed his safety. He was imprisoned in Butare and later taken to Gitarama under the pretext of meeting the interim government where he was probably executed. His wife and two daughters were murdered by the military in late June.
References
Citations
Works cited
1950 births
1994 deaths
Tutsi people
People who died in the Rwandan genocide
University of Rwanda faculty
Liberal Party (Rwanda) politicians
Political office-holders in Rwanda
Erigeron rybius is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names Sacramento Mountain fleabane and royal fleabane. It is native to the western Texas and south-central New Mexico in the southwestern United States. The common name alludes to the Sacramento Mountains just east of Alamogordo in New Mexico.
Erigeron rybius grows in grassy meadows and disturbed sites in coniferous forests. It is an perennial herb up to 35 centimeters (14 inches) tall, spreading by means of underground rhizomes and by leafy stolons that run along the surface of the ground. The inflorescence contains 1-6 flower heads per stem. Each head contains 47–99 white ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in New Mexico in 1981, isotype of Erigeron rybius
rybius
Flora of Texas
Flora of New Mexico
Plants described in 1982
Black Diamond is the fourth studio album by the American singer-songwriter Stan Ridgway, released in 1996.
Production
"As I Went Out One Morning" is a cover of the Bob Dylan song. "Luther Played Guitar" is about the guitar player Luther Perkins. "Gone the Distance" addresses the death of Kurt Cobain.
Critical reception
The Washington Post determined that "the Dylan tune is one indication that Ridgway wants to be taken seriously, and he does tone down his arch vocal style on some of these songs." The Boston Globe wrote that the album, "though quieter and more spare than much of Ridgway's work, continues his pattern of writing moody story-songs, restless character studies imbued with dark, spooky undertones."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Black Diamond liner notes.
Musicians
Stan Ridgway – lead vocals, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, harmonica, recorder, Hammond organ, production
Ted Andersen – drums, percussion
Harlan Boddicker – bass guitar
Larry Grennan – recording, mixing, percussion, backing vocals
Bob Elmo – cello, violin, bass guitar
Todd Sharp – saxophone, woodwind
Pietra Wexstun – keyboards, backing vocals
Production and additional personnel
Ed Colver – photography
Fred Davis – design
Doug Schwartz – mastering
Release history
References
External links
1996 albums
Stan Ridgway albums
Albums produced by Stan Ridgway
Birdcage Records albums
The Lee Plaza (also known as the Lee Plaza Hotel or Lee Plaza Apartments) is a vacant 16-story high-rise apartment building located at 2240 West Grand Boulevard, about one mile west of New Center along West Grand Boulevard, an area in Detroit, Michigan. It is a registered historic site by the state of Michigan and was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on November 5, 1981. Designed by Charles Noble and constructed in 1929, it rises to 16 floors and is an excellent example of Art Deco architecture of the 1920s.
History
The Lee Plaza Hotel was built in 1928 for Ralph T. Lee, a Detroit developer. Noted residential architect Charles Noble designed the building. It was constructed to be an upscale apartment with hotel services. Decorated with sculpture and tile outside, the structure rivaled the Book-Cadillac and Statler Hotels for architectural notice in Detroit during the 1920s. The building opened in 1929, but Lee quickly sold it to the Detroit Investment Co. Like many companies, the Detroit Investment Co. had financial issues at the beginning of the Great Depression, and the Lee Plaza went through a series of owners, some of whom Ralph T. Lee had an interest in. By 1935 both Ralph Lee and the Lee Plaza were bankrupt.
The ownership of the building was tied up in court until 1943. However, in that time luxury apartment living had fallen out of favor, residents left, and the hotel started renting rooms to transient guests. In 1968, the city of Detroit turned the building into a senior citizens' complex. However, in the 1980s, the Lee began losing residents, and the building was finally closed in 1997.
Since that time, the Lee Plaza has been stripped of many of its architectural elements. The city has looked for a redeveloper, and in 2015, developer Craig Sasser, announced a $200 million redevelopment of Lee Plaza and the surrounding area. However, in October 2016, Harold Ince, interim executive director of the Detroit Housing Commission announced that the planned redevelopment appears dead after Sasser failed to purchase the property. In December 2017, the city issued an RFP (requests for proposal) for the 17-story Lee Plaza Tower on West Grand Boulevard at Lawton Street. The city received three proposals to redevelop the historic tower in March 2018 but ultimately decided in July that none were viable reuses of the 1929 building. New proposals for the building, which has undergone a $400,000, two-phase stabilization project, are now being accepted on a rolling basis.
Restoration
In February 2019, the city of Detroit announced plans to sell Lee Plaza to a joint venture of the Roxbury Group and Ethos Development Partners for $350,000, that will redevelop the building into 180 residential units and retail. Construction on the first phase of the $60 million project is expected to start in 2022. This first phase would rehab nine floors into 117 apartments for income-eligible seniors.
On January 20, 2022, a more formal detailed explanation of the restoration of the building was announced. It will be a multi-year, multi-phase development. Phase 1, at $59 million, will restore the first floor main lobby, and create 117 affordable senior apartments on floors 2 through 10, with completion scheduled for 2024. Phase 2, at $20 million, would create 60 to 70 market-rate apartments on floors 11 through 16 with an anticipated 2025 completion date.
Description
The Lee Plaza Hotel is a 15-story, "I" plan, steel and reinforced concrete structure, faced with orange glazed brick, with a steeply pitched roof originally covered in red tile (later replaced with copper, which has been since stripped). The first story of the building forms a terra cotta clad base with molded Palladian windows, from which prominent brick piers rise to the roof, forming strong vertical lines. Decorative details are inset in the form of terra cotta belt courses, spandrel plaques, corbelled friezes and window surrounds.
The interior contains 220 one to four-room apartments. The first floor has a main lobby with a coffered ceiling, east and west lounges, two wood-paneled dining rooms, and a ballroom. The main hallway was dubbed "Peacock Alley," a barrel-vaulted space with coffered ceiling covered in a rich color scheme of blues, golds and greens. The basement originally contained a beauty parlor, a game room, a children's playroom, and a meat market and grocer.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places in Detroit, Michigan
References
Further reading
External links
Kohrman, David. Forgotten Detroit "Lee Plaza Hotel" 2004. (Accessed 19 April 2008)
Lee Plaza Apartments at Emporis.com
Photo gallery at Detroiturbex.com
1928 establishments in Michigan
Apartment buildings in Detroit
Unused buildings in Detroit
Art Deco architecture in Michigan
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Detroit
Residential skyscrapers in Detroit
Head River is an unincorporated community in Dade County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
The first permanent settlement at Head River was made in the 1830s. A post office called Head River was established in 1913, and remained in operation until 1959.
References
Unincorporated communities in Dade County, Georgia
The Venus (German: Die Venus) is a 1922 Austrian silent film directed by Hans Homma and starring Raoul Aslan, Magda Sonja and Nora Gregor.
Cast
Raoul Aslan as Paul Greville
Magda Sonja as Gräfin
Nora Gregor as Yvonne
Louis Nerz as Graf
Franz Everth as Juan Salvador
Robert Balajthy
References
Bibliography
Paolo Caneppele & Günter Krenn. Elektrische Schatten. Filmarchiv Austria, 1999.
External links
1922 films
Austrian silent feature films
Films directed by Hans Homma
Austrian black-and-white films
Films based on works by Prosper Mérimée
Films set in France
A cardenolide is a type of steroid. Many plants contain derivatives, collectively known as cardenolides, including many in the form of cardenolide glycosides (cardenolides that contain structural groups derived from sugars). Cardenolide glycosides are often toxic; specifically, they are heart-arresting. Cardenolides are toxic to animals through inhibition of the enzyme Na+/K+‐ATPase, which is responsible for maintaining the sodium and potassium ion gradients across the cell membranes.
Etymology
The term derives from card- "heart" (from Greek καρδία kardiā) and the suffix -enolide, referring to the lactone ring at C17. Cardenolides are a class of steroids (or aglycones if viewed as cardiac glycoside constituents), and cardenolides are a subtype of this class (see MeSH D codes list).
Structure
Cardenolides are C(23)-steroids with methyl groups at C-10 and C-13 and a five-membered lactone (specifically a butenolide) at C-17. They are aglycone constituents of cardiac glycosides and must have at least one double bond in the molecule. The class includes cardadienolides and cardatrienolides. Members include:
acetyldigitoxins
acetyldigoxins
cymarine
digitoxin
digitoxigenin
digoxigenin
digoxin
medigoxin
neoconvalloside
ouabain
strophanthins
strophanthidin
Bufadienolide and marinobufagenin are similar in structure and function.
Cardanolide is the same core structure, but has a saturated lactone ring instead of one containing an alkene.
As defense mechanism
Some plant and animal species use cardenolides as defense mechanisms, notably the milkweed butterflies. Species such as the monarch, queen, and plain tiger ingest the cardenolides contained in the milkweeds (Asclepias) that they mostly feed on and sequester as larvae for defense as adults. The cardenolide content in butterflies deters most vertebrate predators, except a few which have evolved to become cardenolide-tolerant, such as the black-backed orioles (Icterus abeillei Lesson) and black-headed grosbeaks (Pheucticus melanocephalus Swainson) that account for 60% of monarch butterfly mortalities in the overwintering sites in central Mexico. In addition to milkweeds and other members of the Apocynaceae, plants in at least 12 botanical families have convergently evolved cardenolides, used as a chemical defense mechanism against herbivores. Herbivorous insects in six different orders have evolved resistance to the toxic effects of cardenolides in the food sources that they use. These cardenolide-resistant insect species convergently evolved this resistance through similar amino-acid substitutions in the alpha subunit of the enzyme Na+/K+‐ATPase.
References
Howle, also spelt Howl, is a small village in Shropshire, England, in a rural area some five miles to the north-west of the town of Newport. Although it is part of the civil parish of Chetwynd, the nearest village is Child's Ercall.
The village name has been variously suggested as being derived from the Old English personal name element Hyge- or from a word meaning "hill". In the Domesday Book survey it was recorded as the manor of Hugle.
Howle is on the edge of Ercall Heath, which was largely forested until World War I and has been partly brought into cultivation since; the River Meese flows nearby. There is a holy well, formerly used by those seeking cures, south of Howle near the road to Tibberton.
See also
Listed buildings in Chetwynd, Shropshire
References
Villages in Shropshire
Offsite construction refers to the manufacturing, planning, design, fabrication, and assembly of building elements at a location other than their final installed location to support the rapid speed of, and efficient construction of a permanent structure. Such building elements may be prefabricated offsite in a different location and transported to the site or prefabricated on the construction site and then transported to their final location. Offsite construction is characterized by an integrated planning and supply chain optimization strategy. Offsite manufacturing (OSM), offsite production (OSP) and offsite fabrication (OSF) are used when referring primarily to the factory work proper.
Building configurations
Off-site construction (like on-site construction) can be used for a variety of purposes including residential, educational, health care and commercial applications. Buildings can range from a few modular units to several hundred. They can be arranged in architectural configurations and can be many stories in height.
Similarities
Off-site construction is very similar to modular construction, but it is focused primarily on permanent construction; modular construction can be either permanent or relocatable. Also known as offsite construction, or OSC, and also incorporates many MMC - or Modern Methods of Construction technologies.
See also
Prefabrication
Modular building
Modular classroom
Modular design
Modular home
Open source architecture
Prefabricated Home
References
External links
Design Innovation in Modular Construction
Advanced Offsite Construction in Perth/Australia
Building engineering
Sustainable building
Arthur Mabillon (13 October 1888 – 13 October 1961) was a French archer. He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics, winning three medals, two silver and a bronze.
References
1888 births
1961 deaths
French male archers
Olympic archers of France
Archers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
People from Claye-Souilly
Olympic silver medalists for France
Olympic bronze medalists for France
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Book of Velocities is a solo album by pianist Jon Balke recorded in 2006 and released on the ECM label in 2007.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 3½ stars stating "nothing could have prepared the listener for this gorgeous set of unedited, unprocessed, and undubbed piano pieces... It is very minimal, but also very malleable; change is the order of the proceeding, so a quiet form of delight is given to the listener as the process of discovery unfolds over and over again. Highly recommended".
Track listing
All compositions by Jon Balke
"Chapter 1: Giada" - 3:34
"Chapter 1: Scintilla" - 0:56
"Chapter 1: Spread" - 4:26
"Chapter 1: Castello" - 3:48
"Chapter 1: Resilience" - 3:34
"Chapter 2: Single Line" - 2:34
"Chapter 2: Nyl" - 3:35
"Chapter 2: Double Line" - 3:09
"Chapter 3: Obsidian" - 3:26
"Chapter 3: Sunday Shapes" - 3:19
"Chapter 3: Gum Bounce" - 2:00
"Chapter 3: Finger Bass" - 3:23
"Chapter 3: Contrivance" - 2:45
"Chapter 4: Drape Hanger" - 3:15
"Chapter 4: Septima Llegada" - 2:03
"Chapter 4: Reel Set" - 1:25
"Chapter 4: Scrim Stand" - 3:17
"Epilogue: Sonance" - 4:46
"Epilogue: Nefriit" - 2:58
Recorded at Radio Studio DRZ in Zürich, Switzerland in September 2006.
Personnel
Jon Balke – piano
References
ECM Records albums
2007 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Solo piano jazz albums
Claude Howard Dorgan (July 5, 1932 – July 5, 2012) was an American academic best known for his research and writing on the topic of religion in Appalachia.
Dorgan was a native of Ruston, Louisiana. After study at the University of Texas at El Paso, where he received a bachelor's degree, and the University of Texas at Austin, which awarded him a masters of fine arts degree, he spent nine years as a teacher in secondary schools in Idaho and Texas, followed by three years as a forensics coach at Lamar University in Texas. He then enrolled for further study at Louisiana State University, where he earned his Ph.D. in speech communication in 1971.
After obtaining his Ph.D., Dorgan joined the faculty of the Department of Communication of Appalachian State University, serving there from 1971 until his retirement in 2000. A fascination with the rhythmical style of Appalachia's old-time Baptist preachers led him into more than thirty years of rhetorical and ethnographic research on religion in Appalachia, with a particular focus on traditional Baptist sub-denominations indigenous to the region. He served as editor for the religion section of the Encyclopedia of Appalachia.
He received the 1993 Thomas Wolfe Literary Award for the book Airwaves of Zion: Radio Religion In Appalachia.
Books
The Oratory of Southern Demagogues, with Calvin Logue. Louisiana State University Press, 1981.
Giving Glory To God in Appalachia: Worship Practices of Six Baptist Subdenominations. University of Tennessee Press, 1987.
A New Diversity in Contemporary Southern Rhetoric, with Calvin Logue. Louisiana State University Press, 1987.
The Old Regular Baptists of Central Appalachia: Brothers and Sisters in Hope. University of Tennessee Press, 1989.
Airwaves of Zion: Radio Religion In Appalachia. University of Tennessee Press, 1993.
In the Hands of a Happy God: The No Hellers of Central Appalachia. University of Tennessee Press, 1997.
References
1932 births
2012 deaths
Appalachian State University faculty
Lamar University people
Louisiana State University alumni
People from Ruston, Louisiana
University of Texas at El Paso alumni
University of Texas at Austin alumni
Paul Fournelle (born 11 October 1884, date of death unknown) was a Luxembourgian athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
1884 births
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Luxembourgian male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Luxembourg
Place of birth missing
The ashy thrush (Geokichla cinerea), also known as the ashy ground-thrush, is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to the Philippines in Luzon and Mindoro. Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss, and the illegal wildlife trade.
Description
EBird describes the bird as "A medium-sized bird of lowland and foothill forest. Forages on the ground. Ashy-gray above with black-and-white bars in the wing and the face. Underparts white, with black spots concentrated in the chest. Similar to White's thrush and Sunda thrush, but smaller, with spots rather than scales below and an obvious black vertical bar through the eye. Song is a simple medium-pitched whistled melody. Also gives harsh grating calls."
These are ground birds and eat earthworms and other small insects.
It has been recorded breeding in La Mesa Ecopark where that nest had three chicks
Habitat and Conservation Status
It is found in tropical moist primary and secondary forest with a large majority up to 1,100 meters above sea level with a few records up to 1.560.
IUCN has assessed this bird as Vulnerable with the population estimated to consist of 6,000 to 15,000 mature individuals with it believed to be declining. This species' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging, agricultural conversion, road development and mining activities occurring within the range. It may also suffer from hunting with snares in the Sierra Madre and illicit bird-trapping at Dalton Pass may exert a considerable pressure.
It occurs in the protected areas Angat Watershed Forest Reserve, Quezon Protected Landscape, Mount Makiling National Park and Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park however, like most areas in the Philippines, protection is lax and deforestation and hunting persist even in these areas.
References
ashy thrush
Birds of Luzon
Birds of Mindoro
Endemic birds of the Philippines
ashy thrush
ashy thrush
ashy thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1949–50 FAW Welsh Cup is the 63rd season of the annual knockout tournament for competitive football teams in Wales.
Key
League name pointed after clubs name.
CCL - Cheshire County League
FL D3N - Football League Third Division North
FL D3S - Football League Third Division South
SFL - Southern Football League
Fifth round
Seven winners from the Fourth round and eleven new clubs. Caernarvon Town get a bye to the Sixth round.
Sixth round
One winner from the Fifth round and Caernarvon Town. Seven other clubs get a bye to the Seventh round.
Seventh round
One winner from the Sixth round plus seven clubs who get a bye in the previous round.
Semifinal
Swansea Town and Mertyr Tydfil played at Cardiff.
Final
Final were held at Cardiff.
External links
The FAW Welsh Cup
1949-50
Wales
Cup
Watanabe Shōtei aka was a Nihonga painter and one of the first to visit Europe, attending the 1878 International Exhibition in Paris and being awarded a medal. Shōtei blended Western realism with the delicate colours and washes of the Kikuchi Yōsai school, introducing a new approach to kachōga or kacho (bird-and-flower painting).
Biography
Born as Yoshikawa Yoshimata, he was later adopted by the family of his father's literary friend, Watanabe Mitsue. His early studies were at age sixteen under Kikuchi Yōsai (1788–1878) after which he spent a brief time in the studio of the painter and lacquer artist, Shibata Zeshin (1807–1891).
In 1878 he travelled in the United States and Europe, remaining in Paris for three years and becoming the first Nihonga artist to live in Europe with the aim of studying Western painting.
Travel abroad was extremely difficult for Japanese artists in the early Meiji period (1868–1912), and it is unknown how Shōtei managed this. A few years earlier, in 1875, he had produced designs for an export company, which may have provided him with the necessary contacts. His works have enjoyed great popularity in the West, and a large number are to be seen in both European and American collections.
On his return from Europe, Seitei created designs for ceramics and cloisonné, working with the cloisonné artist Namikawa Sosuke (1847–1910), leading to acclaim from abroad. He maintained a prodigious output of paintings and illustrations, producing three outstanding albums: ('Picture album of Seitei's bird and flower'), 1890–91; ('Bird and flower album'), 1903; and the last series published in 1916 also entitled .
Watanabe Shotei also edited and contributed to the art magazine (The World of Art), of which the first number was published by Wada Tokutaro in the year Meiji 23 (1890) and printed by Yoshida Ichimatsu with the blockcuts carried out by Goto Tokujiro. Besides Watanabe's illustration and that of Yoshitoshi Kyosai, there were ten other artists who contributed. Twenty-two of his bird and flower prints were published by Okura Yasugorō in 1916.
During his life he received many awards, in expositions in and out of Japan. He became a major inspiration to the following generation of Nihonga artists, notably Mizuno Toshikata (1866–1908) and Kaburagi Kiyokata (1878–1973).
Gallery
Notes
References
Conant, Ellen P.; Steven D. Owyoung and J. Thomas Rimer. (1995). Nihonga: Transcending the Past: Japanese-Style Painting, 1868-1968. St. Louis, Missouri: Saint Louis Art Museum.
Merritt, Helen and Nanako Yamada. (1995). Guide to Modern Japanese Woodblock Prints, 1900-1975. Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press. ; ; OCLC 247995392
External links
1851 births
1918 deaths
19th-century Japanese painters
20th-century Japanese painters
Kinsale AFC is a soccer club situated in the town of Kinsale, near the historic site of Charles Fort and within approximately 18 miles from Cork City, Ireland. They play in the Munster Senior League Senior Second 2nd Division, the fifth tier on the Irish football pyramid.
Grounds
Following discussions with the local council in 1985, the club obtained facilities in Charles Fort in Kinsale. The club now has two pitches. The grounds were renamed Madden Park after the Honorary President, Mr. Paddy Madden.
Club background
As well as the successful men's team that compete in the Munster Senior League, there is also a junior programme, founded in 1998, which has 300 participants in U7, U8, U9, U10, U11, U13, U14, U15, and U16 categories. Originally playing in the West Cork League, the underage boys are now part of the Cork Schoolboys League. The girls teams play in the Cork Women's and Schoolgirls Soccer League.
Recent success
Some Kinsale players have represented Cork Athletic Union League in the Oscar Traynor Inter-League Cup. These include;
Derek McCarthy
Stephen O'Donovan
Pat O'Regan
Michael Bradfield
Derek Varian
All of whom received winners medals with in 2009. Additionally, in the same year, Derek Varian and Derek McCarthy represented the Ireland national team at Junior level.
Honours
Cork Athletic Union League
Winners: 2002–03, 2003–04, 2004–05, 2005–06, 2009–10, 2010–11: 6
Runners-up: 2006–07, 2008–09: 2
•Cork Schoolboys league
U12 division 2 runners-up (2015-2016)
References
External links
Official Website
Munster Senior League (association football) clubs
Association football clubs in County Cork
Association football clubs established in 1935
1935 establishments in Ireland
Sport in Kinsale
Former Cork Athletic Union League clubs
The State of Han (), was a minor state that existed during the Western Zhou Dynasty and early Spring and Autumn period, and centered on modern day Hancheng and Hejin. The state was created for a son, known historically as the Marquess of Han (韓侯), of King Wu of Zhou in 11th century BC. The rulers held the rank of marquess and ancestral name of Ji (姬). Han was conquered by the State of Jin and enfeoffed to Wuzi of Han, who was a descendant of Marquis Mu of Jin, in 8th century BC.
References
Ancient Chinese states
Zhou dynasty
Peperomia blanda, the arid-land peperomia, is a species of herb in the family Piperaceae. The species has a natural pan-tropical distribution that encompasses Asia, Africa, Australasia, Polynesia and the Americas. The species typically grows as a perennial, somewhat succulent herb to 30 cm in height, though the form varies from prostrate and creeping to up to 60 cm tall depending on environment and genotype. The typical habitat is damp rock crevices and steep stream banks.
References
External links
https://books.google.com/books?id=cUNCAAAAIAAJ&pg=PA273&lpg=PA273&#v=onepage&q&f=false
http://www.biodiversityexplorer.org/plants/piperaceae/peperomia.htm
http://plantnet.rbgsyd.nsw.gov.au/cgi-bin/NSWfl.pl?page=nswfl&lvl=in&name=Peperomia~blanda~var.+floribunda
blanda
The Erwin W. Schueller House is a historic house in Columbus, Ohio, United States. The house was built in 1909 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The Erwin W. Schueller House was built at a time when East Broad Street was a tree-lined avenue featuring the most ornate houses in Columbus; the house reflects the character of the area at the time. The building is also part of the 18th & E. Broad Historic District on the Columbus Register of Historic Properties, added to the register in 1988.
The house was home to physician Erwin W. Schueller from its completion until 1924. His wife continued living in the home until the 1940s, after which the building was converted for office use.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
Houses completed in 1909
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
Houses in Columbus, Ohio
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Columbus Register properties
King-Lincoln Bronzeville
Broad Street (Columbus, Ohio)
Rani Channamma University is a public university in Belagavi established by the government of Karnataka in 2010 It was created by upgrading Kittur Rani Channamma Post Graduate from Centre at Belagavi which was established by the Karnatak University, Dharwad in 1982. The university is recognised by University Grants Commission and accredited by National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). As of 2021, Rani Channamma University has been awarded "Grade B+" by the NAAC
The main aim of this university is to provide an opportunity to develop access to for higher education for students from North Karnataka Region which is deprived of good educational facilities. Rani Channamma University has the main campus, called "Vidyasangama", as its headquarters, on 172 acres of land near Bhutaramanahatti, adjacent to the Pune–Bangalore National Highway 4 about 18 km from Belgavi city. It has been functioning with the jurisdiction of Belgavi, Bijapur and Bagalkot districts.
References
External links
Official Website
Universities in Karnataka
Educational institutions established in 2010
2010 establishments in Karnataka
Shreemati Rayavva Venkanagoudra Patil Government High School (in Kannada: ಶ್ರೀಮತಿ ಆರ್.ವ್ಹಿ.ಪಾಟೀಲ ಸರ್ಕಾರಿ ಪ್ರೌಢಶಾಲೆ ಕಮಡೊಳ್ಳಿ) is situated at Kamadolli, Kundagol Talluk Dharwad District of Karnataka. The school is located near the Lord Basava Temple. It offers secondary education with state government syllabus. It was established in 1983. The land for the school was donated by its namesake. In 2008, it celebrated its Silver Jubilee.
References
Schools in Dharwad district
Educational institutions established in 1983
Thailand has no nuclear power stations. The Thai Energy Ministry periodically considers plans for nuclear power.
Power demand
Pricha Karasuddhi, technical adviser for the Nuclear Power Programme Development Office stated that power demand will double in the next 12 years. According to him, if the government goes for nuclear power, it must make a decision to do so now to pave the way for preparation. It is crucial to put this on the national agenda, again, according to him, to draw participation from all parties involved and debate the merits of Thai nuclear energy. According to the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand, daily demand for electricity hit 10 new peaks last year. The latest was registered on 10 May 2010 at 24,009 MW, higher than the record of 22,044 MW on 24 April 2009 - due to higher temperatures and economic recovery. EGAT is worried about power blackouts or brownouts in the next 10 years when demand rises against a limited increase in new supply.
Nuclear power is expected to reduce Thailand's natural gas consumption in power generation from 70 percent to 40 percent.
Figures from 2007 reveal that Thailand used natural gas to generate electricity more than any energy source at 66.2 percent, followed by lignite at 12.6 percent. Hydro power accounted for 5.5 percent, bunker oil 2.7 percent, diesel 0.03 percent and renewable energy 1.6 percent. Imported coal accounted for 8.4 percent, while purchased electricity from Laos and Malaysia was at three percent.
Others suggest that power demand can adequately be supplied by cheaper and safer eco-energies.
Fukushima 1 response
Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, on 14 March 2011, Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva ordered the Energy Ministry to review its plan to establish five nuclear power plants. The ministry has been instructed to study two issues in detail:
Emergency measures and nuclear plants
Potential as terrorist targets
Concern is mounting given the problems in Japan, if Thailand is to adopt the Japanese model.
As of 2012, the Thai Energy Ministry is drafting a plan that could see a nuclear facility go into operation in 2026.
Protests
On 3 November 2009 anti-nuclear plant protesters in the Tha Chana District of Surat Thani Province dispersed, but demanded the electricity authority carry out a public hearing before proceeding with the construction plan. More than 500 protesters trespassed into a meeting room of the Tha Chana District office in Surat Thani Province while representatives from the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) were giving a presentation about a site survey for a nuclear power plant in the area.
On 15 March 2011 about 2,000 people from 18 districts of Kalasin Province rallied outside the city hall to protest against the EGAT plan to build a nuclear plant in their province. Banners were raised to denounce some MPs in the province for having asked EGAT to build a nuclear plant in the province and claiming that it was the wish of the people. MPs claimed the people agreed to having the nuclear plant at public hearings which in fact had never been held, they said. The protesters said groundwork for the construction of a nuclear plant had been underway near Non Somboon village in tambon Hua Hin of Kalasin's Huay Mek District. The construction site is less than 10 km from the Lam Pao River, the lifeline of Kalasin.
On 26 March 2011, a poll conducted by Assumption University reported that more than 80 percent of the respondents (83.4 percent) disagreed with the plan to construct nuclear power plants in Thailand. The poll involved 3,807 peopled aged 18 up in 17 provinces, was conducted from 1-25 March 2011. Bangkok residents had the largest percentage of the objection of 95.2 percent followed by those in the southern region (91.5 percent), central (91.1 percent), north (90.0 percent), and northeast (85.8 percent). The poll was conducted during the Fukushima I nuclear accidents in Japan.
See also
Energy in Thailand
Nuclear power
References
Energy in Thailand
Science and technology in Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
One human poll comprised the 1937 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. The Coaches' Poll began operation in 1950; in addition, the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 29, at the end of the 1937 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
References
College football rankings
Bei Yan may refer to:
Northern Yan (407–436), one of the Sixteen Kingdoms
Bei Yan (卑衍, 238), a general under the warlord Gongsun Yuan, see Sima Yi's Liaodong campaign
Chaetopterus variopedatus is a species of parchment worm, a marine polychaete in the family Chaetopteridae. It is found worldwide. However, recent discoveries from molecular phylogeny analysis show that Chaetopterus variopedatus sensu Hartman (1959) is not a single species.
Polychaetes, or marine bristle worms, have elongated bodies divided into many segments. Each segment may bear setae (bristles) and parapodia (paddle-like appendages). Some species live freely, either swimming, crawling or burrowing, and these are known as "errant". Others live permanently in tubes, either calcareous or parchment-like, and these are known as "sedentary".
Description
C. variopedatus builds and lives permanently in a tough, flexible, papery U-shaped tube buried in soft substrate with both ends protruding like little chimneys. The worm itself is segmented, pale coloured and up to twenty-five centimetres long. The anterior end is short and has bristle-bearing segments and a shovel-like mouth. The middle section bears parapodia. On the 12th segment these are modified into long wing-like structures which secrete mucus and form a bag. The parapodia on segments 13, 14 and 15 are fused into three paddle-shaped, piston-like structures, the purpose of which is to pump water through the tube. The water is drawn in through the anterior end and expelled through the posterior end, passing through the fine mesh of the mucus bag where food particles get trapped. The mucus bag is later rolled up and passed by a conveyor belt of whipping hairs in the ciliated dorsal groove to the mouth where it is swallowed whole. The posterior half of the worm is segmented and tapers towards the rear, bearing appendages on each segment.
Distribution and habitat
C. variopedatus has a cosmopolitan distribution, occurring in shallow coastal habitats in both temperate and tropical locations throughout the world. It is plentiful around the coasts of Britain and Ireland but is absent from the east coast of England south of the Tees estuary. The tough permanent tubes are found buried in sand and gravel in the littoral and sub-littoral zones. At greater depths they are found adhering to bedrock, in crevices and under boulders.
In New Zealand there have been many recent reports of the parchment-like tubes of Chaetopterus littering beaches, especially after storms. Since about 1995, large areas of shallow sea have been invaded by the worm, believed to be C. variopedatus. By covering the sandy bottom with a dense mat of tubes, the parchment worm makes life very difficult for the native bottom-dwelling fauna. Other marine worms, clams and starfish have been squeezed out, but the big-belly seahorse (Hippocampus abdominalis) has thrived as it finds extra prey in the tiny mysid shrimps and other crustaceans it finds between the tubes and can anchor itself by its tail to prevent itself being swept away.
Biology
A female C. variopedatus can produce and liberate a batch of 150,000 to 1 million eggs into the sea. After fertilisation, the developing larvae become part of the plankton, drifting and feeding for some weeks until they settle out.
The development of C. variopedatus follows an unusual pattern in that those segments destined to become part of the mid-body region have accelerated development as compared with the anterior segments. This heterochrony is not seen in other polychaete worms.
Ecology
Several species of crabs have adopted the tubes of C. variopedatus as their home with Pinnixa chaetopterana, Polyonyx gibbesi and certain Pisidia species living almost exclusively within the tubes although they do not share a tube with each other. It is likely that the crabs gain protection from predators within the tubes and possibly food from the host worm.
Bottom-feeding fish and crustaceans probably prey on C. variopedatus but the worm is made less accessible by the fact that it never emerges from its tube which is safely buried beneath the surface of the substrate. If it becomes injured, this worm has the ability to regenerate its entire body from a single segment. Another anti-predator strategy involves emitting a luminescent cloud of mucus from its tube.
References
Phyllodocida
Animals described in 1804
My Father and the Man in Black is a 2012 Canadian documentary film directed and produced by Jonathan Holiff about the stormy relationship between country music star Johnny Cash and the filmmaker's father, Saul Holiff, Cash's personal manager. It qualified for Oscar consideration in 2013. Holiff was inspired to produce the film when he stumbled on his father's storage locker filled with audio diaries and a large assortment of other documents relating to his time in the 1960s and 1970s as Cash's manager. The locker also included a framed gold record of "A Boy Named Sue" which went on display at the Grand Theatre during the running of their musical Ring of Fire.
Production
The film employs historically accurate flashbacks, starting with how Holiff met Cash when he hired him to sign autographs at his "Sol's Square Boy" drive-in in London, Ontario. Hollif went on to sign Cash to a number of other music gigs and Cash hired him to be his manager, with a contract written on the back of a paper napkin.
The film is narrated by Jonathan Holiff, interlaced with archival audio by Johnny Cash and Saul Holiff.
The structure of the film interlocks the relationship of Cash and Saul, and often pans to the relationship of Saul with Jonathan. His son often resented his father's time on the road. There is an emphasis of the rift between Cash and Saul, caused by Cash's status as a born-again Christian and Saul as an atheist, and how their relationship spiraled out of control. Variety.com comments on the unique structure of this film:
"Documentaries as expressions of filial trauma usually fail to generate audience empathy. But with its posthumous, anguished, first-person confessional revolving around the larger-than-life Man in Black this one partly transcends its inherent self-indulgence."
Reception and awards
My Father and the Man in Black has had mixed reviews from critics in the United States. The film has a "Fresh" rating (63 percent) on critic review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes. LA Weekly described it as a "fascinating documentary" despite what it called the "warning signs of a vanity project" Metacritic noted the fresh take on a documentary, saying: "Refreshingly, My Father and the Man In Black does not slip into the realm of tabloid. It's an intense personal adventure with universal themes and appeal that just happens to feature one of 20th-century music's great icons" On Roger Ebert.com, the movie was described as "too damn interesting to be maudlin." A review in The Village Voice stated, "heart and feeling is soaked through it like the sweat in Cash's guitar strap."
The film has been nominated and has won a number of awards on the film festival circuit.
Lewiston Auburn Film Festival: Best Documentary 2012
Buffalo Niagara Film Festival: Best Documentary 2013
Tiburon International Film Fedtival: Orson Welles award
Edinburgh documentary Film Festival: Best Feature
Reviews
The film garnered mostly positive reviews in other countries, particularly in the United Kingdom. The Financial Times called it "a non-fiction 'Walk the Line' with script input by Eugene O'Neill." The Guardian said, "finally, a fresh angle on the Cash mythology." A reviewer with The Daily Telegraph commented on the frequent dramatic confrontations between Cash and Holiff revealed in authentic audio of phone exchanges between the two. A reviewer from the UK website Film Forward stated that the movie is a type of answer song to the movie Walk the Line and it covers a number of themes not mentioned in Walk the Line, like Cash's conversion to Christian fundamentalism at the peak of his career, the racism Cash faced by the KKK when they believed Cash's first wife was African American, and the antisemitism Holiff faced both growing up and in the early days of country music.
Historical accuracy
The documentary is considered among the most historically accurate films about Johnny Cash's career in the 1960s and early 1970s, and the often stormy relationship with his manager between 1958 and 1977. This is due to the fact that the film is driven by contemporaneous audio diaries and telephone calls, and hundreds of letters between the two men. A number of the movie props were genuine articles given to Holiff by Cash.
Soundtrack
Lee Harvey Osmond
Michael Timmins of the Cowboy Junkies
References
External links
Show business memoirs
Documentary films about country music and musicians
Films set in the 1960s
Johnny Cash
2012 documentary films
Canadian documentary films
2012 films
Documentary films about businesspeople
2010s Canadian films
Velneshwar is a village on the Western Coast of Maharashtra, India, about 70 km from Ratnagiri.
Velneshwar is reputed for its rock-free beach which facilitates the ease of swimming. There is an old Shiva temple near Velneshwar which is frequently visited by pilgrims. The village follows Smarta Tradition and the people of the village worship Lord Ganesha, Lord Shiva, Lord Vishnu, Lord Surya and Goddess Durga.
This village is considered to be the root of the Gokhale, Raste (Gokhale), Gadgil, Govande, Savarkar, Tulpule, Velankar, Ghag families (now residing at Nayashi, Dahivali & some other villages in Ratnagiri district) and has their family shrine.
Many people who had roots from this village were involved in India's struggle for freedom and have gone on to be one of the greatest individuals in the nation.
Villages in Ratnagiri district
Beaches of Maharashtra
Eduardo José Escobar (born January 5, 1989) is a Venezuelan professional baseball third baseman for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously played in MLB for the Chicago White Sox, Minnesota Twins, Arizona Diamondbacks and Milwaukee Brewers.
Early life
Escobar grew up in the neighborhood of La Pica in Villa de Cura in the Venezuelan state of Aragua with his four siblings. They were raised by a single mother. Escobar began working a job at seven years old and was only able to get an education through the eighth grade.
Professional career
Chicago White Sox
Escobar was a September call-up in 2011, playing in nine games and had two hits in seven at bats. In 2012, Escobar made the 25-man roster out of spring training as a utility infielder. In his first 97 plate appearances of 2012, Escobar had a .207 batting average with three runs batted in (RBIs).
Minnesota Twins
On July 28, 2012, Escobar was traded to the Minnesota Twins with Pedro Hernández for Francisco Liriano. In 49 more plate appearances, Escobar batted .227 with six RBIs. Overall in 2012, Escobar had 146 total plate appearances with a .214 average and nine RBIs.
On April 3, 2013, Escobar hit a walk-off 2-run double off of Phil Coke that lifted the Twins past the Detroit Tigers, 3-2, to its first win of the 2013 season. On April 9, 2013, Escobar hit his first career home run in the top of the 5th inning off of Jeremy Guthrie of the Kansas City Royals. Playing 66 games in 2013, Escobar batted .236 with three home runs, and 10 RBIs.
In 2014, Escobar batted .275 and hit six home runs with 37 RBIs in 133 games. In 2015, Escobar played 127 games batting .262 with 12 home runs and 58 RBIs. In 2016, Escobar played 105 games batting .236 with 6 home runs and 37 RBIs.
On May 7, 2016, Escobar was placed on the 15-day disabled list due to a left groin strain. He avoided salary arbitration with the Twins on December 3, 2016, by agreeing to a one-year, $2.6 million contract for the 2017 season. In 2017, Escobar batted .254 and set career highs with 21 home runs and 73 RBIs.
Arizona Diamondbacks
On July 27, 2018, Escobar was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks for minor leaguers Gabriel Maciel, Jhoan Durán, and Ernie De La Trinidad. He had the highest fielding percentage among major league third basemen, at .983.
On October 23, 2018, the Diamondbacks signed Escobar to a three-year contract worth a reported $21 million. In the 2019 season, he hit 35 home runs and 118 RBIs, batting .269/.320/.511. He also led the majors with 10 triples. In 2020, Escobar struggled offensively throughout the shortened MLB season, hitting just .212 with four home runs and 20 RBIs. Escobar bounced back strongly in 2021, posting a .246 average with 22 home runs and 65 RBIs in 98 games with the Arizona Diamondbacks and earning a trip to the 2021 Major League Baseball All-Star Game.
Milwaukee Brewers
On July 28, 2021, Escobar was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers in exchange for Cooper Hummel and Alberto Ciprian. On October 2, 2021, Escobar collected his 1,000th hit.
New York Mets
On December 1, 2021, Escobar signed a two-year, $20 million contract with the New York Mets.
On June 6, 2022, Escobar hit for the cycle in an 11–5 win over the San Diego Padres, becoming the 11th player in Mets history to accomplish the feat, and the first since Scott Hairston in 2012. He also became the first player to hit for the cycle at Petco Park.
Personal life
Escobar owns a home in Miami and resides there in the offseason with his wife and five children. , his family was living with him in Arizona. He has four boys and a daughter. The oldest, his daughter, was 17 years old and the youngest was six years old.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
References
External links
1989 births
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Birmingham Barons players
Caribes de Anzoátegui players
Charlotte Knights players
Chicago White Sox players
Dominican Summer League White Sox players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Great Falls Voyagers players
Kannapolis Intimidators players
Living people
Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
Major League Baseball infielders
Milwaukee Brewers players
Minnesota Twins players
New York Mets players
Peoria Saguaros players
Rochester Red Wings players
Tiburones de La Guaira players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
Venezuelan Summer League Orioles/White Sox players
Winston-Salem Dash players
Major League Baseball third basemen
People from Villa de Cura
James Alfred Lill (born 4 June 1933) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1933 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
The Fairey G.4/31 was a British single-engined, two-seat biplane contender for an Air Ministry specification for a multi-role or general purpose aircraft. Unsuccessful, only one was built.
Development
In the early 1930s, the Air Ministry sought economies with a specification for a multi-role replacement for the Fairey Gordon and Westland Wapiti. The winner of Air Ministry specification G.4/31 had to be capable at level bombing, army co-operation, dive bombing, reconnaissance, casualty evacuation and torpedo bombing. Since large production numbers were expected, most aircraft companies submitted prototypes, either Ministry or privately funded. Fairey's biplane submission was known only by the specification name. Initially it was a private venture, but Fairey did get a contract for a monoplane competitor which was not completed and the Ministry allowed transfer of funding.
All metal with fabric covering, the G.4/31 was a large single-engined single-bay biplane, with unswept, unequal-span wings of marked stagger. Both wings carried ailerons and the upper planes had leading edge slots; both wings were cut back to the rear spar at the centre section for visibility. A pair of struts braced the two lower wing spars to the upper fuselage, from where another pair braced the upper rear spars; a separate pair of struts linked the forward spars of the upper wings to the forward fuselage. There was a split axle undercarriage, necessary for torpedo launching, with its main legs connected to the front spar below the fuselage struts and braced for and aft to the lower fuselage. Main wheel brakes were fitted.
The fuselage initially carried a flat-topped fin and rudder, the latter with a conspicuous servo tab. The horizontal surfaces were supported by struts to the lower fuselage and there were long, narrow anti-spin strakes along to top of the fuselage in front of them. A tailwheel had a small ventral fin in front of it. The pilot's open cockpit, just behind and below the upper wing, was a little unusual in being offset to port; the lower wing cut out was also asymmetric, longer to starboard. The asymmetry allowed a narrow passageway between the observer/gunner's cockpit behind the pilot to a navigator's/bomb aimer's/ casualty cabin within the fuselage between the wings. This windowed cabin had a starboard side door for ground access. Beyond the cabin the fuselage diameter decreased to the radial engine.
The G.4/31 first flew, powered by an uncowled nine cylinders, 635 hp (474 kW) Bristol Pegasus IIM3 engine on 29 March 1934. Its early form became known as the Mk.I, but by 22 June it was flying as the cleaned-up Mk II. This differed chiefly in having a smaller diameter, double row 750 hp Armstrong Siddeley Tiger IV engine in a long chord cowling, a lengthened fuselage, a more rounded fin and rudder without the servo tab and a spatted main undercarriage without the tail wheel ventral fin.
The G.4/31 did not receive a production order and only one was built; the specification competition winner was the Vickers Type 253, but the Ministry order for 150 examples of that biplane was rapidly replaced by one for Vickers monoplane private venture contender, the Wellesley.
Specifications (Mk. II, bomber configuration)
References
Notes
Bibliography
1930s British military aircraft
G.4 31
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1934
Camp Massad of Canada (, ) is a Zionist Jewish summer camp in Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts, Quebec, with headquarters in Montreal. It was founded in 1947, with the creation of Massad Alef on Lac Quenouille in the Laurentian Mountains. At its peak Massad had nearly 400 campers.
Camp Massad has a long tradition of Hebrew language immersion. It is shomer Shabbat and has a kosher kitchen under the supervision of the Montreal Va'ad Ha'ir. Massad attracts campers of various Jewish backgrounds from Montreal and other parts of Canada, various cities in the United States, Israel, and many other places throughout the world. Camp Massad is a member of the Foundation for Jewish Camp and the Ontario Camps Association.
History
Early history
Camp Massad was founded in 1947 by the Keren Hatarbut Ha'Ivri under the leadership of Aron Horowitz and a small group of Canadian Hebraists. Horowitz had previously founded Camp T'chiyah in Calgary in 1944, the first Hebrew-speaking summer camp in Canada. Massad's first president, Isaac Gold, invested three thousand dollars as a deposit for a camp-site at Lac Quenouille in the Laurentians. With the assistance of Gold and other philanthropists, Massad grew from a small camp-site with no pier, no level ground for sports, few showers, a short supply of drinking water, and one hall for both dining and activities.
In its first summer, Massad had eighty campers. In the camp's second season the number applicants more than doubled, and Massad could only accept 150 campers. Campers were divided into four age groups: Chalutsim, Olim, Bonim, and Shomrim. Following the Histadrut HaNoar Ha'Ivri's American Massad movement, the groups were soon renamed Shoresh (), Geza (), Anaf (), and Tzameret ().
Growth and development
With the success of Massad Alef, a second Massad camp, Massad Bet, was opened by the Keren Hatarbut in 1950 in the Muskoka region north of Toronto under the directorship of David Taub, with the assistance of Massad Alef alumni. The new camp, lacking in funding and witness to constant turnovers of camp directors, was closed in 1977. Massad Gimmel in Winnipeg was officially incorporated as a branch of the Hebrew Camps Massad of Canada in 1962.
In 1955, with backing from the Jewish Agency, Keren Hatarbut established a Machon l'Madrichim (; or ) program for youth leaders from Hebrew high schools across Canada in conjunction with Camp Massad and the Hebrew Youth Movement. The Machon program consisted of three summers of extensive training, along with the requirement of attending the National Leadership Institute in the city throughout the three years. Graduates served as leaders and counsellors in all three Massad camps, and at other Canadian Zionist youth movements. Originally, the first month of the summer program was held at Massad Bet, and the second at Massad Alef. The Machon program was moved to Massad Alef after its first year, primarily because of inadequate facilities at Massad Bet. Registration for the second year had reached fifty. In 1958, Massad held its first trip to Israel, becoming the first Hebrew-speaking youth group from the Diaspora to visit Israel.
In 1959, Aron Horowitz proposed the building of a second unit across the road from the original camp-site for the accommodation of Massad and Machon l'Madrichim's growth. Galil was opened in time for the 1959 season. Camps Emek and Galil were two self-sufficient camps, the former for elementary school students, the latter for high school students, who entered the Machon program at age fourteen. By 1963, Emek and Galil had a total of 249 campers, 108 of whom were members of the Machon l'Madrichim. The number rose to about 370 campers in the mid-1960s.
Late 20th century
In 1964 the Keren Hatarbut was absorbed by the United Zionist Council, and again by the Zionist Organization of Canada under the Canadian Zionist Federation in 1971. Massad, left without the aid of the Keren Hatarbut, lost its financial backing. Massad Alef's enrolment had fallen to sixty children in 1971, though it had picked up to ninety-five in 1973. In 1974 the Zionist Organization of Canada resolved to close Camp Massad, to the shock of camp leadership and the Canadian Jewish community. A group of Massad alumni led by David Finestone and Moe Bauman prevented the closure by incorporating Massad as an independent company, ensuring it would not be included in the Zionist Organization of Canada's take-over of the Keren Hatarbut.
In the mid-1970s, the Galil ulam (named after Isaac Gold) collapsed, fire had taken some bunks, and most of the facilities were in need of repair and renovation. The Canadian Zionist Federation and Allied Jewish Community rejected pleas for assistance. Nonetheless, Massad succeeded in improving its facilities and increasing enrolment. The summer of 1974 saw 143 campers and a staff of 38.
Recent history
Though the camp no longer enforces total immersion of campers in Hebrew, Camp Massad remains a strongly Hebrew-speaking, Zionist camp. Along with Camp Massad in Manitoba (formerly Massad Gimmel), Camp Massad is the only remaining camp of the Massad movement and its American counterpart.
Activities
The summer is climaxed by the Maccabiah colour war, where the camp is divided into two teams competing against each other in sport and spirit, and Ma'apilim, a night-time re-enactment of Jewish immigration during the Aliyah Bet.
Notable alumni
Bernard Avishai (1949– ), writer
Irwin Cotler (1940– ), Minister of Justice
Charles Dalfen (1943–2009), chairman of the CRTC
Gilah Yelin Hirsch (1944– ), artist
Gad Horowitz (1936– ), political scientist
Chaviva Hošek (1946– ), academic and politician
Henry Morgentaler (1923–2013), camp doctor
Allan Nadler (1954– ), academic
Mark J. Poznansky (1946– ), scientist
Linda Rabin (1946– ), dancer and choreographer
Robert Rabinovitch (1943– ), President of the CBC
Victor Rabinovitch, museum director
David Roskies (1948– ), literary scholar
William Shatner (1931– ), actor
Morton Weinfeld (1949– ), sociologist
Ruth Wisse (1936– ), literary scholar
See also
Camp Massad (Manitoba)
Camp Massad (Poconos)
References
1947 establishments in Quebec
Buildings and structures in Laurentides
Montreal
Jewish education in Canada
Jewish organizations based in Canada
Jewish summer camps in Canada
Jewish youth organizations
Jews and Judaism in Montreal
Jews and Judaism in Quebec
Organizations established in 1947
Summer camps in Canada
Zionism in Canada
Zionist youth movements
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1981–82 season.
Overview
Al Arabi Kuwait won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1981–82
1981–82 in Asian association football leagues
1
Asi Bolagh (, also Romanized as Āsī Bolāgh) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 21 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Sabrina Inés Ameghino (born July 6, 1980) is an Argentinian sprint canoeist. She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's K-1 200 metres race, in which she reached the semifinals, and as part of the 13th-place Argentina team in the women's K-4 500 metres race.
In 2019 Panamerican Games celebrated in Lima, Perú, Sabrina won two more medals, including a gold one in Women's K-1 200 metres category.
This way, Sabrina becomes the first Argentinean canoeing woman in history with a gold medal within panamerican games.
References
1980 births
Living people
Argentine female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Argentina
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in canoeing
Pan American Games silver medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Canoeists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Canoeists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Balik is a name.
Balik Name Meaning Polish and Slovak (Balík): from a pet form of Bal, a short form of the personal name Baltazar or of Hungarian Balázs (see Balazs).Hungarian: perhaps from Turkish balyq ‘fish'.
Those bearing it includes:
Balik (died 1347), Bulgarian ruler
Jiri Balik (born 1953), Czech agroscientist
Balık Sisters (born 1974), Turkish twin singers
References
The 2012 Mr. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition and the feature event of Joe Weider's Olympia Fitness & Performance Weekend 2012 held September 27–30, 2012 at the Las Vegas Convention Center and Orleans Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. It was the 48th Mr. Olympia competition. Other events at the exhibition included the 212 Olympia Showdown,
Ms. Olympia, Fitness Olympia, and Figure Olympia contests. The documentary film Generation Iron was filmed while following several Olympia contestants as they prepared for this competition.
Results
A total prize pool of $650,000 was awarded.
Notable events
Phil Heath won his second consecutive IFBB Mr. Olympia title
Kai Greene placed second, his best ever showing after finishing third in the 2011 Mr. Olympia contest
Evan Centopani placed eighth in his Mr. Olympia debut
Toney Freeman, at the age of 46 years, finished in seventh place
Jay Cutler, four-time Mr. Olympia, could not compete after undergoing surgery for a torn left bicep
See also
2012 Ms. Olympia
References
External links
Mr. Olympia
2012 Mr. Olympia Judging Finals (Video)
Mr. Olympia
2012
Mr. Olympia 2012
2012 in bodybuilding
Mr. Olympia 2012
The 1942–43 St. John's Redmen basketball team represented St. John's College of Brooklyn during the 1942–43 NCAA college basketball season. The team was coached by Joseph Lapchick in his seventh year at the school. St. John's home games were played at DeGray Gymansium in Brooklyn and the old Madison Square Garden in Manhattan.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#FFFFFF;"| NIT
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#FF0000; color:#FFFFFF;"| Red Cross Benefit Game
References
St. John's Red Storm men's basketball seasons
St. John's
National Invitation Tournament championship seasons
St Johns
St Johns
Percy Heath (January 30, 1884 – February 9, 1933) was an American screenwriter and playwright.
He was nominated at the 5th Academy Awards in the category of Best Adapted Screenplay for his work on the 1931 version of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. His nomination was shared with Samuel Hoffenstein.
During his career, Heath contributed to 50 films.
Partial filmography
Lasca (1919)
Burnt Wings (1920)
The Chorus Girl's Romance (1920)
The March Hare (1921)
One Wild Week (1921)
Her Face Value (1921)
The Love Charm (1921)
First Love (1921)
Her Gilded Cage (1922)
The Impossible Mrs. Bellew (1922)
Too Much Wife (1922)
The Truthful Liar (1922)
The Huntress (1923)
Girls Men Forget (1924)
Don't Tell Dad (1925)
Good Morning, Madam! (1925)
He Who Gets Smacked (1925)
Let's Go, Gallagher (1925)
A Roaring Adventure (1925)
The Wyoming Wildcat (1925)
The Dice Woman (1926)
Forbidden Waters (1926)
Fashions for Women (1927)
Rolled Stockings (1927)
The Sonora Kid (1927)
Tell It to Sweeney (1927)
Two Flaming Youths (1927)
Half a Bride (1928)
Red Hair (1928)
Three Weekends (1928)
Close Harmony (1929)
The Man I Love (1929)
The Border Legion (1930)
Let's Go Native (1930)
Only Saps Work (1930)
Playboy of Paris (1930)
Safety in Numbers (1930)
Slightly Scarlet (1930)
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1931)
Dude Ranch (1931)
The Gang Buster (1931)
The Stolen Jools (1931)
No One Man (1932)
From Hell to Heaven (1933)
References
External links
1884 births
1933 deaths
People from Ralls County, Missouri
American male screenwriters
American male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Screenwriters from Missouri
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Helluarchus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Helluarchus robustus Sloane, 1914
Helluarchus whitei Lea, 1914
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Jocko River may refer to:
Jocko River (Ontario), Canada
Jocko River (Montana), United States
See also
Little Jocko River, Ontario, Canada
Anthropornis is a genus of giant penguin that lived 45-33 million years ago, during the Late Eocene and the earliest part of the Oligocene.
Description
Anthropornis reached in length from the tip of the beak to the tip of the tail, and in weight. There is also an estimate that one remain of Anthropornis can reach that body length of and in weight. Fossils of it have been found in the La Meseta Formation on Seymour Island off the coast of Antarctica and in New Zealand. By comparison, the largest modern penguin species, the emperor penguin, is just long.
The type species, Anthropornis nordenskjoldi, had a bent joint in the wing, probably a vestigial trait from its flying ancestors.
References
Prehistoric bird genera
Eocene birds
Oligocene birds
Extinct penguins
Priabonian genus first appearances
Rupelian genus extinctions
Prehistoric birds of Antarctica
Paleogene Antarctica
Fossils of Antarctica
Fossil taxa described in 1905
Fossils of New Zealand
The Guadalcanal thrush (Zoothera turipavae) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Guadalcanal thrush
Birds of Guadalcanal
Endemic fauna of the Solomon Islands
Guadalcanal thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of the Solomon Islands
Anders Jan-Erik Sjöberg (born 14 September 1946) is a former Swedish footballer. He made 173 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored 16 goals.
Honours
Club
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan: 1966
References
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Landskrona BoIS players
1946 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Leucopogon cuspidatus is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae and is endemic to the central Queensland coast. It is a shrub with densely hairy young branchlets, egg-shaped to lance-shaped leaves with the narrower end towards the base, and white, bell-shaped flowers that are bearded inside.
Description
Leucopogon cuspidatus is a shrub that typically grows to a height of , its young branchlets densely hairy. The leaves are egg-shaped to lance-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long and wide on a petiole about long. The leaves point upwards and have a sharply-pointed tip. The flowers are arranged in two to four upper leaf axils on a peduncle up to long, with egg-shaped to round bracts about long and bracteoles long. The sepals are lance-shaped, long and the petals white and form a bell-shaped tube long with lobes long and densely hairy inside. Flowering occurs in most months and the fruit is an elliptic drupe long.
Taxonomy
Leucopogon cuspidatus was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen. The specific epithet (cuspidatus) means "cuspidate".
Distribution and habitat
This leucopogon grows in shrubland on hillsides and mountains on the central Queensland coast between Hook Island in the north and Great Keppel Island and Mount Wheeler in the south.
References
cuspidatus
Ericales of Australia
Flora of Queensland
Plants described in 1810
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Raja Rao Ram Baksh Singh was a Bais Rajput Raja Rao of Daundia Khera in Unnao district of Uttar Pradesh in the then Oudh province that was a vassal state of the British East India Company. He was one of the leaders of the Sepoy Mutiny, and a close associate of Nana Sahib. He was hanged by the British on 28 December 1857 for taking part in the revolt and being found guilty of the killing of British soldiers. In 1992, the Government of India built a memorial at the place where he was hanged to honor his death.
The dilapidated remains of his fort - consisting of the ruins of his royal mansion, a huge campus spread over hundreds of acres, a temple to Shiva which has been in use for more than 180 years, and various other structures - have been in the news recently due to an urban legend of gold treasure buried there.
The Archaeological Survey of India, upon excavation his fort in October 2013, discovered a brick wall, sherds, pieces of bangles, hopscotch toys, and a mud floor which could date back to the 17-19th centuries, but no gold treasure or any other valuable materials.
References
`
Revolutionaries of the Indian Rebellion of 1857
1857 deaths
People from Unnao district
Executed revolutionaries
People executed by British India by hanging
Executed Indian people
Year of birth unknown
William Elisha Haynes (October 19, 1829 – December 5, 1914) was an American Civil War veteran who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1889 to 1893. He was a cousin of George William Palmer.
Early life and career
Born in Hoosick Falls, New York, Haynes moved to Ohio with his parents, who settled in Lower Sandusky (now Fremont) in 1839.
He attended the common schools.
Apprenticed as a printer.
He worked at the Sandusky Clarion and the Cleveland Plain Dealer.
He served as clerk on a steamer on Lake Superior in 1848 and 1849.
He engaged in mercantile pursuits at Fremont 1850–1856.
Auditor of Sandusky County, Ohio from 1856 to 1860.
Civil War
Enlisted in the Union Army as a private April 16, 1861, in the Eighth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
Commissioned captain and served in western Virginia, the Shenandoah Valley, and in the Army of the Potomac until November 1862, when he was commissioned lieutenant colonel of the Tenth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and served with it in the Army of the Cumberland until 1864, when he was honorably discharged.
Political career
He served as collector of internal revenue for the ninth district of Ohio in 1866 and 1867.
He again engaged in mercantile pursuits 1866–1873.
He engaged in banking 1873–1914.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1880 and 1884.
Congress
Haynes was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-first and Fifty-second Congresses (March 4, 1889 – March 3, 1893).
He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1892.
Later career and death
He resumed banking in Fremont, Ohio, in which he continued until his death there on December 5, 1914.
He was interred in Oakwood Cemetery (Fremont, Ohio).
Haynes was married to Maria H. Harmon of Fremont on February 8, 1855. They had children named Julia M., William P., and George W. Haynes.
References
Retrieved on 2008-11-11
1829 births
1914 deaths
People from Fremont, Ohio
People from Hoosick Falls, New York
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Alfred Waterhouse (1830–1905) was a prolific English architect who worked in the second half of the 19th century. His buildings were largely in Victorian Gothic Revival style. Waterhouse's biographer, Colin Cunningham, states that between about 1865 and about 1885 he was "the most widely employed British architect". He worked in many fields, designing commercial, public, educational, domestic, and ecclesiastical buildings.
Waterhouse was born in Liverpool of Quaker parents. After being articled to Richard Lane in Manchester, he took a ten-month tour of the Continent, then established his own practice in Manchester. Many of his early commissions came from Quakers and other nonconformist patrons. He came to national recognition when he won a competition for the design of Manchester assize courts. His next major public commissions in Manchester were for Strangeways Gaol and Manchester Town Hall. In 1865 he opened an office in London, which was followed by his first major commission in London, the Natural History Museum. Meanwhile, he was also designing country houses. Here his major work was the rebuilding of Eaton Hall in Cheshire for the 1st Duke of Westminster, which was "the most expensive country house of the [19th] century". He also designed educational buildings including schools and works for the universities of Cambridge, Oxford, Manchester, and Liverpool. In the commercial field, he designed banks, and offices for insurance and assurance companies, especially the Prudential Assurance Company, for whom he built 27 buildings.
Waterhouse's success came from "a thoroughly professional approach rather than on brilliance or innovation as a stylist". He paid particular attention to detail and, although he designed many major buildings, he still accepted smaller commissions. Although most of his work was in the Gothic Revival style, he also employed other styles, including Romanesque and French Renaissance. He used many building materials, but is noted for his use of red brick and terracotta. The use of these materials for many university buildings in the north of England is a major factor in their being termed "red brick universities". In addition to his design work as an architect, Waterhouse was an assessor for about 60 architectural competitions. He was awarded the Royal Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1878 for his design for Manchester Town Hall, and was president of that institution from 1888 to 1891. He was gained international diplomas, and in 1895 was awarded an honorary LL.D by Manchester University. Waterhouse was also a painter, exhibiting 80 watercolours at the Royal Academy. He suffered a stroke in 1901, and died in his home at Yattendon, Berkshire, in 1905. His practice was continued by his son Paul, followed by his grandson, Michael, and his great-grandson. His estate at death amounted to over £215,000 (equivalent to £ as of ).
This list contains the notable commercial buildings designed by Waterhouse, and includes such structures as insurance and assurance offices, legal chambers, banks, shops, farm buildings, and warehouses.
Key
Buildings
See also
List of ecclesiastical works by Alfred Waterhouse
List of domestic works by Alfred Waterhouse
List of educational buildings by Alfred Waterhouse
List of public and civic buildings by Alfred Waterhouse
References
Bibliography
Lists of buildings and structures by architect
Lists of buildings and structures in England
Lists of buildings and structures in Scotland
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by American actor Jeff Bridges. He has received various awards throughout his career spanning over seven decades, including an Academy Award, two Golden Globe Awards, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and two Independent Spirit Awards. In 2019 he received the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award.
He soon gained attention for his role in the Peter Bogdanovich drama The Last Picture Show (1971) earning his first Academy Award nomination. He cemented himself as a leading man earning Oscar nominations for Thunderbolt and Lightfoot (1974), Starman (1984), The Contender (2000), True Grit (2010), and Hell or High Water (2016). He received the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as an alcoholic singer in Crazy Heart (2009).
Bridge's is also known for his work on television receiving a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie for his role in the HBO movie A Dog Year (2009).
Major associations
Academy Awards
British Academy Film Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Primetime Emmy Awards
Screen Actors Guild Awards
Miscellaneous awards
Gotham Awards
Independent Spirit Awards
Saturn Awards
Satellite Awards
Teen Choice Awards
Critic associations
References
Bridges, Jeff
Zoran Ćosić (born 3 December 1963) is a Bosnian biathlete. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Bosnia and Herzegovina male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Yugoslavia
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
People from Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Hays Baxter White (September 21, 1855 – September 29, 1930) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Fairfield, Iowa, White attended the rural schools of his native county. He engaged in agricultural pursuits. He moved to Jewell County, Kansas, in 1875 and engaged in agricultural pursuits near Mankato. He taught school at Mankato in 1876. He served as member of the Kansas House of Representatives from 1888 to 1890, and as a member of the Kansas State Senate from 1900 to 1904. He served as mayor of Mankato in 1914 and 1915. He served as member of the State tax commission in 1915–1918.
White was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1929). He served as chairman of the Committee on Election of President, Vice President, and Representatives (Sixty-eighth through Seventieth Congresses). Election unsuccessfully contested by W.H. Clark. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1928. He died in Mankato, Kansas on September 29, 1930. He was interred in Mount Hope Cemetery.
References
1855 births
1930 deaths
Mayors of places in Kansas
Kansas state senators
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
People from Fairfield, Iowa
People from Mankato, Kansas
19th-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
Birds described in 1871 include Asian ostrich, Père David's snowfinch, Biak lorikeet, Mongolian ground jay, Forest wood hoopoe, Numfor paradise kingfisher, Spot-breasted parrotbill
Events
Death of Paolo Savi and Niels Kjærbølling
Théophile Rudolphe Studer becomes curator of zoological collections at the Natural History Museum of Bern
Publications
Richard Bowdler Sharpe Catalogue of African Birds in the Collection of R.B. Sharpe. London: Self published. 1871.
Henry Eeles Dresser and Richard Bowdler Sharpe A History of the Birds of Europe, Including all the Species Inhabiting the Western Palearctic Region.Taylor & Francis of Fleet Street, London
Frederick Hutton, 1871 Catalogue of the Birds of New Zealand, with Diagnoses of the Species
Ongoing events
Theodor von Heuglin Ornithologie von Nordost-Afrika (Ornithology of Northeast Africa) (Cassel, 1869–1875)
John Gould The birds of Asia 1850-83 7 vols. 530 plates, Artists: J. Gould, H. C. Richter, W. Hart and J. Wolf; Lithographers:H. C. Richter and W. Hart
The Ibis
References
Bird
Birding and ornithology by year
Candy and Cigarettes (stylized as CANDY & CIGARETTES) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tomonori Inoue. It was serialized in Kodansha's seinen manga magazine Young Magazine the 3rd from January 2017 to May 2021.
Publication
Candy and Cigarettes, written and illustrated by , was first serialized in Kodansha's seinen manga magazine from January 6, 2017, to April 6, 2021, when the magazine ceased its publication. The manga was transferred to , where it ran from May 20 to July 19, 2021. Kodansha collected its chapters in eleven tankōbon volumes, released from June 20, 2017, to November 18, 2021.
In December 2021, Seven Seas Entertainment announced that they had licensed the manga for an English release in North America starting in August 2022.
Volume list
See also
Coppelion — Another manga series by the same author.
References
External links
Action anime and manga
Crime in anime and manga
Kodansha manga
Neo-noir comics
Seinen manga
Seven Seas Entertainment titles
Thriller anime and manga
Zona Sur (Southern Zone) is one of the five natural regions on which CORFO divided continental Chile in 1950. Its northern border is formed by the Bío-Bío River, which separates it from the Central Chile Zone. The Southern Zone borders the Pacific Ocean to the west, and to the east lies the Andean mountains and Argentina. Its southern border is the Chacao Channel, which forms the boundary with the Austral Zone. While the Chiloé Archipelago belongs geographically to the Austral Zone in terms of culture and history, it lies closer to the Southern Zone.
Geography
Although many lakes can be found in the Andean and coastal regions of central Chile, the south (Sur de Chile) has the country's most lakes. Southern Chile stretches from below the Río Bío-Bío at about 37° south latitude to below Isla de Chiloé at about 43.4° south latitude. In this lake district of Chile, the valley between the Andes and the coastal range is closer to sea level, and the hundreds of rivers that descend from the Andes form lakes, some quite large, as they reach the lower elevations. They drain into the ocean through other rivers, some of which (principally the Calle-Calle River, which flows by the city of Valdivia) are the only ones in the whole country that are navigable for any stretch. The Central Valley's southernmost portion is submerged in the ocean and forms the Golfo de Ancud. Isla de Chiloé, with its rolling hills, is the last important elevation of the coastal range of mountains.
The lakes in this region are remarkably beautiful. The snow-covered Andes form a backdrop to clear blue or even turquoise waters, as at Lago Todos los Santos. The rivers that descend from the Andes rush over volcanic rocks, forming numerous white-water sections and waterfalls. Some sections still consist of old-growth forests, and in all seasons, but especially in the spring and summer, there are plenty of wildflowers and flowering trees. The pastures in the northernmost section, around Osorno, are well suited for raising cattle; milk, cheese, and butter are important products of that area. All kinds of berries grow in the area, some of which are exported, and freshwater farming of various species of trout and salmon has developed, with cultivators taking advantage of the abundant supply of clear running water. The lumber industry is also important. A number of tourists, mainly Chileans and Argentines, visit the area during the summer.
In terms of tectonics at Zona Sur the South American Plate is experiencing a long-term ENE-WSW shortening. This shortening is accommodated by strike-slip faults. The details of this pattern show significant local variations.
Climate
The climate of Southern Chile is rainy with a Mediterranean precipitation pattern. The windward slopes of the Chilean Coast Range and the Andes receive up to 3000–5000 mm of precipitation annually. Behind the Chilean Coast range there is a weak rain shadow while behind the Andes, in Argentina, precipitation drops sharply. The zone lies in the mid-latitudes and is strongly influenced by the Westerlies. During the summer the South Pacific High moves into the area.
Soils
The main agricultural soils are; red clay soil (rojo arcillosos, ultisols), trumao and ñadi. Some red clay soils are planted with Eucalyptus globulus. In the middle course of Bío Bío River, in the northern part of Zona Sur, soils are sandy with a coarsening trend towards the Andes. Soils of the Chilean Coast Range are mostly derived from metamorphic rock. These soils are usually poor in phosphorus, potassium and have toxic levels of aluminium. Often, these soils have poor drainage and their thickness is highly variable even at scale of tens of meters.
Flora and fauna
The natural vegetation of Southern Chile is mainly the Valdivian temperate rainforests. These forests are characterized by large trees, chiefly evergreen Nothofagus and Conifers plus Myrtles. The understory is made of vines, hanging vines, bushes, small trees, moss, dead trunks and decomposing matter. Despite being largely evergreen the Valdivian temperate rainforests do contain a number of deciduous tree species like Nothofagus obliqua and Nothofagus alpina. Other vegetations types of southern Chile include Fitzroya forests, Araucaria forests and wetlands called ñadis.
A number of small mammals inhabit Southern Chile including the pudú, coypu and Darwin's fox.
History
At the time of the Spanish arrival beans, maize and potatoes are known to have been cultivated in Valdivia and around Bueno River. The cultivation of beans extended likely all the way south to Chiloé Archipelago.
Southern Chile was during the time of Spanish conquest and colony populated by indigenous Mapuches from Toltén River northwards and by Huilliches south of the river, both groups are classified as Araucanian. The mountainous zones in the east were populated by Pehuenches Puelches. Until the Battle of Curalaba and the following Destruction of Seven Cities around 1600 the southern zone was part of the General Captaincy of Chile and Spanish Empire. After 1600, the Spanish settlements were destroyed or abandoned with the exception of Valdivia that was re-founded in 1645 with heavy fortifications. The zone between Valdivia and Chiloé was gradually incorporated into Chile by a series of agreements with local Huilliches and founding of settlements. By 1850 this process was culminated with the immigration of thousands of German immigrants to Valdivia, Osorno and Llanquihue. The zone north of Valdivia was incorporated into Chile in the 1880s during the occupation of the Araucania.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Natural regions of Chile
Geography of Chile
The West Indies cricket team toured Australia from 2 December 2015 to 7 January 2016 to play two tour matches and three Test matches. Australia won the Test series 2–0, retaining the Frank Worrell Trophy.
Adam Voges won the inaugural Richie Benaud Medal as the player of the series.
Squads
West Indies fast bowler Shannon Gabriel was ruled out of the series after sustaining an ankle injury on day one of the Hobart Test. He was replaced by Miguel Cummins. Usman Khawaja and Stephen O'Keefe were added to Australia's squad for the second and third Tests.
Nathan Coulter-Nile was ruled out of the series after he dislocated his shoulder while playing in the Big Bash League. He was replaced by Scott Boland.
Tour matches
First-class match: Cricket Australia XI vs West Indians
Tour match: Victorian XI vs West Indians
Test series (Frank Worrell Trophy)
1st Test
2nd Test
3rd Test
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2015 in Australian cricket
2015 in West Indian cricket
International cricket competitions in 2015–16
2015-16
2015–16 Australian cricket season
Albert Edward "Ab" Hardy (October 6, 1909 – October 2002) was a Canadian speed skater who competed at the 1948 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1909 births
Date of death missing
People from Lévis, Quebec
Sportspeople from Quebec
Canadian male speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Canada
2002 deaths
Abdulla Pashew, or (), is a contemporary Kurdish poet. He was born in 1946 in Hewlêr, Iraqi Kurdistan. He studied at the Teachers' Training Institute in Hewlêr (Erbil), and participated in the Foundation Congress of the Kurdish Writers' Union in Baghdad in 1970. In 1973 he went to the former Soviet Union, and in 1979 he received an M.A. in pedagogy with a specialisation in foreign languages. In 1984 he was granted a PhD in Philology from the Institute of Oriental Studies of the USSR Academy of Sciences. For the next five years he was a professor at al-Fatih University in Tripoli, Libya. He has lived in Finland since 1995. He was a refugee until 1997.
He published his first poem in 1963 and his first collection in 1967. Since then he has published eight collections. The latest, Berew Zerdeper (Towards the Twilight), was published in Sweden in 2001. He is fluent in English and Russian and has translated the works of Walt Whitman and Alexandr Pushkin into Kurdish.
Notes
External links
1946 births
Living people
Iraqi Kurdish poets
Kurdish people
Iraqi expatriates in the Soviet Union
20th-century Iraqi poets
20th-century male writers
21st-century Iraqi poets
21st-century male writers
People from Erbil
University of Tripoli faculty
Vagaria is a genus of Mediterranean plants in the Amaryllis family, widely cultivated as an ornamental because of its attractive white flowers.
Species
Vagaria ollivieri Maire - Morocco
Vagaria parviflora (Desf. ex Delile) Herb. - Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine
References
Amaryllidaceae genera
Acacia verniciflua, commonly known as varnish wattle, is a shrub or small tree species that is endemic to Australia.
It has an erect or spreading habit, growing to between 1 and 6 metres high, The phyllodes are often sticky and lustrous and vary in length, width and shape. The globular pale-yellow flowerheads appear in the leaf axils from July to November, followed by seedpods that are up to 10 cm long and unconstricted. These contain shiny black seeds. It is often found growing alongside Eucalyptus obliqua where it can dominate the understory.
Three forms identified in the Flora of Victoria (1996) have since been assigned to other species as follows:
A. verniciflua (Bacchus Marsh variant) - Acacia rostriformis
A. verniciflua (Casterton variant) - Acacia exudans
A. verniciflua (Southern variant) - Acacia leprosa var. graveolens
The species occurs in dry sclerophyll forest in South Australia, Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland.
References
verniciflua
Flora of Tasmania
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of South Australia
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Fabales of Australia
Montague Garrard Drake (1692–1728), of Shardeloes, near Amersham, Buckinghamshire was a British Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1713 and 1728.
Life
Drake was the only surviving son of Montagu Drake MP of Shardeloes, near Amersham, Buckinghamshire and his wife Jane Garrard, daughter of Sir John Garrard, 3rd Baronet. His father died in 1698 and he succeeded to the estates. He was educated privately under Philip Ayres and matriculated at St John's College, Oxford on 16 July 1706 aged 15 and was awarded MA on 16 July 1709. From 1710 to 1712, he undertook the Grand Tour visiting Netherlands, Italy, Switzerland and France between 1710 and 1712 studying at Padua in 1710.
Drake was returned unopposed as Member of Parliament for Amersham at the 1713 British general election as soon as he came of age. He was re-elected in 1715 and in 1722, but in 1722 decided to sit for Buckinghamshire instead. He voted against the Administration in all recorded divisions. However, at the 1727 British general election, it was said that the populace were mutinous and so exasperated with the great Mr. Drake, [whom] they considered the chief promoter of the compromise and against the rights of the freeholders that he decided to return to Amersham where he was elected in 1727.
Drake's tomb in Amersham was designed and sculpted by Peter Scheemakers.
Family
Drake married Isabella Marshall daughter of Thomas Marshall merchant of St. Michael Bassishaw, London on 13 October 1719. He died at Bath on 26 April 1728. His son William was also MP for Amersham.
References
1692 births
1728 deaths
People from Amersham
Alumni of St John's College, Oxford
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
The Nokia 3500 classic is a mobile phone handset, manufactured by Nokia and was released for sale in 2007. It has 5 colour styles (blue, red, pink, green and black).
Its features include a 2-megapixel camera, an MP3 player, applications, games, a recording option, and an Internet service where you can receive backgrounds, ringtones, and screen savers. The metal frame is supposed to prevent scratches on both display and keypad.
References
External links
Nokia 3500 Classic (Nokia UK)
Nokia 3500 Classic Specifications (Nokia UK)
3500 classic
Mobile phones introduced in 2007
Mobile phones with user-replaceable battery
Evidential decision theory (EDT) is a school of thought within decision theory which states that, when a rational agent is confronted with a set of possible actions, one should select the action with the highest news value, that is, the action which would be indicative of the best outcome in expectation if one received the "news" that it had been taken. In other words, it recommends to "do what you most want to learn that you will do."
EDT contrasts with causal decision theory (CDT), which prescribes taking the action that will causally produce the best outcome. While these two theories agree in many cases, they give different verdicts in certain philosophical thought experiments. For example, EDT prescribes taking only one box in Newcomb's paradox, while CDT recommends taking both boxes.
Formal description
In a 1976 paper, Allan Gibbard and William Harper distinguished between two kinds of expected utility maximization. EDT proposes to maximize the expected utility of actions computed using conditional probabilities, namely
where is the desirability of outcome and is the conditional probability of given that action occurs. This is in contrast to the counterfactual formulation of expected utility used by causal decision theory
where the expression indicates the probability of outcome in the counterfactual situation in which action is performed. Since and are not always equal, these formulations of expected utility are not equivalent, leading to differences in actions prescribed by EDT and CDT.
Thought experiments
Different decision theories are often examined in their recommendations for action in different thought experiments.
Newcomb's paradox
In Newcomb's paradox, there is a predictor, a player, and two boxes designated A and B. The predictor is able to reliably predict the player's choices— say, with 99% accuracy. The player is given a choice between taking only box B, or taking both boxes A and B. The player knows the following:
Box A is transparent and always contains a visible $1,000.
Box B is opaque, and its content has already been set by the predictor:
If the predictor has predicted the player will take both boxes A and B, then box B contains nothing.
If the predictor has predicted that the player will take only box B, then box B contains $1,000,000.
The player does not know what the predictor predicted or what box B contains while making the choice. Should the player take both boxes, or only box B?
Evidential decision theory recommends taking only box B in this scenario, because taking only box B is strong evidence that the predictor anticipated that the player would only take box B, and therefore it is very likely that box B contains $1,000,000. Conversely, choosing to take both boxes is strong evidence that the predictor knew that the player would take both boxes; therefore we should expect that box B contains nothing.
Formally, the expected utilities are
Since , EDT recommends taking only box B.
Twin prisoner's dilemma
In this variation on the Prisoner's Dilemma thought experiment, an agent must choose whether to cooperate or defect against her psychological twin, whose reasoning processes are exactly analogous to her own.
Aomame and her psychological twin are put in separate rooms and cannot communicate. If they both cooperate, they each get $5. If they both defect, they each get $1. If one cooperates and the other defects, then one gets $10, and the other gets $0. Assuming Aomame only cares about her individual payout, what should she do?
Evidential decision theory recommends cooperating in this situation, because Aomame's decision to cooperate is strong evidence that her psychological twin will also cooperate, meaning that her expected payoff is $5. On the other hand, if Aomame defects, this would be strong evidence that her twin will also defect, resulting in an expected payoff of $1. Formally, the expected utilities are
Since , EDT recommends cooperating.
Other supporting arguments
Even if one puts less credence on evidential decision theory, it may be reasonable to act as if EDT were true. Namely, because EDT can involve the actions of many correlated decision-makers, its stakes may be higher than causal decision theory and thus take priority.
Criticism
David Lewis has characterized evidential decision theory as promoting "an irrational
policy of managing the news". James M. Joyce asserted, "Rational agents choose acts on the basis of their causal efficacy, not their auspiciousness; they act to bring about good results even when doing so might betoken bad news."
In addition to causal decision theory, one could instead opt for timeless or functional decision theory.
See also
Causal decision theory
Decision making
Expected utility hypothesis
Game theory
Newcomb's paradox
Superrationality
References
External links
Causal Decision Theory at the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
The 2013 Challenge Chateau Cartier de Gatineau was held October 24 to 27, 2013 at the Buckingham Curling Club in Buckingham, Quebec and the Centre Sportif Robert Rochon in Masson, Quebec as part of the 2013–14 World Curling Tour. The purses for the men's and women's were CAD$42,500 and CAD$15,000, respectively.
2006 Olympic gold medalist Brad Gushue of Newfoundland defeated Guelph, Ontario's Robert Rumfeldt in the men's final. Toronto's Lisa Farnell won the women's event, defeating her third (Erin Morrissey)'s younger sister Katie Morrissey of Ottawa in the final.
Men
Playoffs
Women
Playoffs
External links
Event site
2013 in curling
Bill Aman (born October 5, 1946) is an American politician who served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 14th district from 2005 to 2017.
References
1946 births
Living people
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Connecticut Republicans
Anna Nikolaevna Zemtsova (Russian: Анна Николаевна Земцова (1893–1966), also known as Anna Li (Анна Ли), Anna Pudovkina or Anna Zemcova, was a Soviet silent film actress and film theorist. She was married to Vsevolod Pudovkin.
Career
Anna Zemtsova started her career as an actress in the film of Khanzhonkov Studio Boulevard Slush (1918), directed by Boris Chaikovskii. She used the pseudonym Anna Li.
Remains unknown why Anna Zemtsova used the pseudonym Anna Li. Film historians speculate that she took the name from one of the songs of Alexander Vertinsky that inspired the screenplay of Boulevard Slush. Zemtsova published three articles in the film newspaper Kino, focused on film theory that signed as Anna Li. She polemized with Lev Kuleshov about movement in films.
From 1922 to 1924, Zemtsova supported Vsevolod Pudovkin, which family was succumbing to tuberculosis. Pudovkin assured that she encouraged him for pursuing a career as a filmmaker.
She designed a garment called "The Chameleon" that could transform into twenty outfits, included a coat and a dress. However, Zemtsova stopped her designing activities in 1924.
Anna Zemtsova appeared in the silent short film Chess Fever (1925) as the heroine, the wife of the hero who is chess addicted. The movie was directed by her husband Vsevolod Pudovkin. She played in the later films of Pudovkin Mother (1926) and The End of Saint Petersburg (1927).
She also played in the German film Klippen der Ehe (Dyk Rudensky, 1930), produced by Gestus-Film GmbH.
She married Pudovkin from 1924 until the death of the director in 1953.
Filmography
Chess Fever (1925)
The End of St. Petersburg (1927)
Mother (1926)
References
1893 births
1966 deaths
Soviet silent film actresses
Victoria Rubadiri (born 28 January 1987) is a Kenyan journalist and TV anchor with Citizen TV in Kenya. In 2020, she won the 2020 BBC World News Komla Dumor Award.
Rubadiri earned her bachelor's degree in Arts Broadcast Journalism in 2003 at Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Prior to being a TV anchor, she worked in Public relations in New York State and as a radio presenter in Capital FM in Nairobi.
References
1987 births
Living people
"Burlington Bertie" is a music hall song composed by Harry B. Norris in 1900 and notably sung by Vesta Tilley. It concerns an aristocratic young idler who pursues a life of leisure in the West End of London. Burlington is an upmarket London shopping arcade associated with luxury goods.
This song was parodied in the now-much-better-known "Burlington Bertie from Bow" (1915) credited to William Hargreaves and sung by his wife, Ella Shields, who performed the song whilst dressed in male attire as the sort of character known as a "broken down swell". Unlike the original song, Bertie's pretensions to gentility are belied by his residence in Bow, in the poverty-stricken East End of London, though his status as an idler ironically links him to the leisured aristocratic class, who reside in the West End.
Later renditions
Betty Grable in the part of vaudevillian Myrtle McKinley Burt performed the song in the musical film Mother Wore Tights (1947).
Julie Andrews, also dressed in male attire, gave another rendition of the song in the film Star! (1968).
It was sung on episode 201 of The Muppet Show by a custom Bertie Muppet performed by Jerry Nelson.
It was referenced in the song "My Town" by the Canadian band Glass Tiger.
At the Royal Variety Performance in 1981, it was performed in the customary male evening dress by Anita Harris, who brought the house down with the line "I've just had a banana with Lady Diana" in the Buckingham Palace verse of the song. Although the Diana in the original version was probably Lady Diana Cooper, Prince Charles had married Lady Diana Spencer earlier in the year.
The two songs about Burlington Bertie are both predecessors of Irving Berlin's song "A Couple of Swells". In all three songs, a woman dressed in a ragged form of male finery brags about how well connected in society "he" is, while clearly demonstrating an actual state of poverty.
Gambling terminology
In gambling terminology, or Tic-tac, "Burlington Bertie" is rhyming slang for the fractional odds of 10/3, which is normally referred to as "one hundred to thirty".
In bingo calling "Burlington Bertie" is the call for 30.
Recordings
A CD transfer recording of "Burlington Bertie from Bow" performed by Ella Shields is available from Windyridge.
A recording of "Burlington Bertie from Bow" was also made by Clinton Ford and appears on the collection Run to the Door.
Lyrics of "Burlington Bertie"
<poem>
Burlington Bertie's the latest young jay
He rents a swell flat somewhere Kensington way
He spends the good oof that his pater has made
Along with the Brandy and Soda Brigade.
A girl wants a brooch or a new diamond ring
And thinks a seal jacket is just now the thing
Or sees a new bonnet she likes oh! So much
Her simple remark is, 'Now who can I touch?'
Chorus: What price Burlington Bertie,
the boy with the Hyde Park drawl,
What price Burlington Bertie,
the boy with the Bond Street crawl?
A nice little supper at the Savoy,
Oh! What a duck of a boy,
'So free' says she, 'with L.s.d.,
Burlington Bertie's the boy for me.'
When pretty young dancers are out of a shop;
When sweet little barmaids have just had to hop;
When singers cannot with their agents agree;
When trim little widows want someone for tea,
Who is it that turns up, the lonely girl's friend?
Who is it that nightly his club must attend?
Who is it drinking brandy and smokes strong cheroots?
Who is it that gets into bed with his boots?
Chorus: What price Burlington Bertie,
the boy with the Hyde Park drawl,
What price Burlington Bertie,
the boy with the Bond Street crawl?
He drives from his club; what a lovely sight;
The cabby says Eres a wet night –
But free' says he 'With L.s.d.,
Burlington Bertie's the boy for me.'
When there are symptoms of warlike alarm
And Burlington Bertie sees his brothers in arms,
Altho' absent minded he does not forget
That Englishmen always must pay off a debt.
He drops all his pleasures, the polo, the hunt
And just like the rest he is off to the front;
Altho' he's a johnny, he'll fight in the ruck,
He's wealthy and foolish, but if you want pluck –
Chorus: What price Burlington Bertie,
the boy with the Hyde Park drawl,
What price Burlington Bertie,
the boy with the Bond Street crawl?
He'll fight and he'll die like an Englishman.
Forgive all his folly we can;
Says old John Bull 'I plainly see
These Burlington boys are the boys for me!'
</poem>
Written and composed by Harry B. Norris.
Lyrics of "Burlington Bertie from Bow"
I'm Bert
P'raps you've heard of me
Bert
You've had word of me,
Jogging along
Hearty and strong
Living on plates of fresh air
I dress up in fashion
And when I am feeling depressed
I shave from my cuff all the whiskers and fluff
Stick my hat on and toddle up West
I'm Burlington Bertie I rise at ten-thirty
and saunter along like a toff
I walk down the Strand with my gloves on my hand
Then I walk down again with them off
I'm all airs and graces, correct easy paces
Without food so long, I've forgot where my face is
I'm Bert, Bert, I haven't a shirt
But my people are well off you know.
Nearly everyone knows me from Smith to Lord Rosebr'y,
I'm Burlington Bertie from Bow.
I stroll
With Lord Hurlington,
Roll
In The Burlington
Call for Champagne
Walk out again
Come back and borrow the ink
I live most expensive
Like Tom Lipton I'm in the swim
He's got so much 'oof' that he sleeps on the roof
And I live in the room over him.
I'm Burlington Bertie I rise at ten thirty
And saunter along Temple Bar
As round there I skip
I keep shouting "Pip Pip!"
And the darn'd fools think I'm in my car
At Rothschild's I swank it
My body I plank it
On his front door step with The Mail'' for a blanket
I'm Bert, Bert, and Rothschild was hurt
He said "You can't sleep there" I said "Oh"
He said "I'm Rothschild, sonny!" I said "That's damn'd funny,
I'm Burlington Bertie from Bow"
I smile
Condescendingly
While they're extending me
Cheer upon cheer
When I appear
Captain with my polo team
So strict are my people
They're William the Conqueror's strain
If they ever knew I'd been talking to you
Why they'd never look at me again
I'm Burlington Bertie I rise at ten thirty
And reach Kempton Park around three
I stand by the rail, when a horse is for sale
And you ought to see Wooton watch me
I lean on some awning while Lord Derby's yawning
Then he bids two thousand and I bid "Good Morning
I'm Bert, Bert, I'd buy one, a Cert
But where would I keep it you know
I can't let my man see me in bed with a gee-gee
I'm Burlington Bertie from Bow!
My pose,
Tho' ironical
Shows
That my monocle
Holds up my face, keeps it in place,
Stops it from slipping away.
Cigars, cigars, haha
I smoke thousands,
I usually deal in The Strand
But you have to take care when you're getting them there
Or some idiot might step on your hand.
I'm Burlington Bertie I rise at ten thirty
Then Buckingham Palace I view.
I stand in the yard while they're changing the guard
And the King shouts across "Toodle oo"!
The Prince of Wales' brother along with some other
Slaps me on the back and says "Come and see Mother"
I'm Bert, Bert, and royalty's hurt,
When they ask me to dine I say no.
I've just had a banana with Lady Diana
I'm Burlington Bertie from Bow.
References
Music hall songs
Songs about London
Songs about fictional male characters
1915 songs
J. C. Williamson Film Company was a short-lived Australian film production company in the 1910s. It was part of the theatrical firm J. C. Williamson's, and produced a number of feature films during 1914-1918.
Origins
In 1914, Williamson's became concerned with reports of American films being made from plays which they were producing in Australia, such as Sealed Orders and The Sign of the Cross. Thus they decided to produce their own films.
Production
They bought the studios of Lincoln-Cass Films in Melbourne and hired two of its staff, Maurice Bertel and W. J. Lincoln. The unit was put under the control of visiting American actor and director Fred Niblo. He directed two play adaptations for the company.
Williamsons then decided to produce original stories, starting with Within Our Gates. These were released in advance of the Niblo films.
Their films were shot at the site of the Comedy Theatre in Melbourne in Exhibition Street.
The company eventually lost enthusiasm for filmmaking and decided to concentrate on its theatrical endeavours. The film studio was converted into a scenery dock.
According to writer Ralph Marsden:
The Firm's overall loss on their film program, although probably not too great, was bad enough to deter them from further production investment – apart from a couple of not-too-successful attempts in the early 1930s and again in 1966 as co-producers of They're A Weird Mob... Yet back in 1916 the same Firm had had the advantage – at least in rudimentary form – of ‘vertical integration': they had then had the resources to produce, distribute, promote and exhibit their own films. While they undoubtedly had an appreciation of the commercial value of cinema, what the Firm seemed to lack was a basic understanding of and enthusiasm for the new medium. The late J. C. Williamson himself had had an early association with the ‘bio tableau' yet thought it ‘... derogatory to the dignity of the most important theatrical enterprise in Australia to be mixed up with that form of entertainment'. Despite the Firm's belated involvement in film production, that attitude seems to have prevailed: to make a film was merely a convenient means of recording or ‘cinematographing' a play as quickly and cheaply as possible. There also seems to have been surprisingly little understanding of the need for strong pre-release publicity; once the film was made the reputation of the original stage production was thought sufficient to ensure success. With an enlightened, courageous and persistent production head, it's just possible that
the JCW studio might have endured; as it was, the enterprise quickly became a lost chance, with its lesson and existence soon completely forgotten.
Filmography
(in order of production)
J. C. Williamson Ltd Productions
Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford – first film shot though not released until 1916
Officer 666 (1916)
Within Our Gates (1915)
Within the Law (1916)
For Australia (1915)
Seven Keys to Baldpate (1916)
Films Using the Studio
The Paramount Pictorial (1916) – shorts
Nurse Cavell (1916)
La Revanche (1916)
The Life's Romance of Adam Lindsay Gordon (1918)
His Only Chance (1918)
See also
List of companies of Australia
List of film production companies
List of television production companies
References
External links
J. C. Williamson Ltd at National Film and Sound Archive
J. C. Williamson Ltd at IMDb
Film production companies of Australia
The British Interactive Media Association (BIMA) is a not-for-profit industry body representing the digital industry in the United Kingdom.
Formed in 1985, BIMA is a membership organisation primarily made up of digital agencies. It has offices in England, Scotland and Wales, as well as regional representatives across the UK, and a membership extending to several thousand individual digital professionals.
The organisation is run by an elected Executive Committee of 13 Members who are voted in at the AGM.
Purpose and activities
BIMA's purpose is to represent the interactive media and digital content sector in the UK. Its core objectives are to promote the British digital industry, share knowledge and best practice, recognise excellence and support the next generation of digital professionals. Nationally, BIMA acts as a liaison with academia and the government, acting as a united voice for its members and aiming to drive commercial growth in the sector. Globally it champions the UK's digital industry to foster an internationally competitive industry.
See also
GameLab London
References
External links
BIMA Website
Other International Interactive Media Organisations
International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences (US)
Australian Interactive Media Industry Association
Business organisations based in the United Kingdom
1985 establishments in the United Kingdom
Information technology organisations based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1985
The early 20th century marked a large period of immigration for Argentina. Prostitution became legalized in 1875. Moreover, due to the Great Depression, another large wave of European immigrants came to Buenos Aires looking for better job opportunities. However, there were cases about women who were tricked into coming to Argentina with the promise of a husband and better life, which turned out to be a pimp for brothels called bordellos.
From 1875 to 1936, the “reglamentarismo” laws allowed for legal prostitution that was regulated by the state, where women who sold sexual favours to more than one man had to have biweekly medical examinations and live alone or work in licensed houses. This article primarily focuses on the social and economic situation happening in Argentina (mostly in Buenos Aires) and the concept of “white slavery” in Buenos Aires and why it grew in popularity. Additionally, due to the large emergence of Jewish immigration among the mentioned European immigration, there are more specific relations to prostitution, including the so-called Zwi Migdal.
Historical background
The challenging economic conditions in Europe in the early 20th century triggered a sharp increase in immigration. Many people immigrated to Latin America, particularly to Argentina. In the late 1800s and early 19th century, Argentina saw a rise in economic prosperity. While many women in Europe had work, their jobs were mostly low paying and did not lead to much social mobility, so the idea of moving to another country searching for better and wider opportunities was favourably seen, especially moving to a country that was doing well.
At that time, following the French model, prostitution was legal in Argentina, which included its regulation. Reglamentarismo (regulation laws) laws enacted in 1888 included the Dispensario de Salubridad (or Prostitutes' Registry), and Sifilicomio (the venereal disease hospital), in order to regulate prostitutes and their health, based on European models of the time. However, the Prostitutes' Registry did not include men; these laws only applied to women working in the sex industry. The registry included all women who sold sexual favours to more than one man, and they had to work in a brothel. These laws were later removed, making prostitution illegal after a military coup in 1932.
Additionally, the increase in male immigration to Buenos Aires in the 1880s created a very unbalanced sex ratio, which later led to an increase in pimps coercing women to come to Buenos Aires. In 1927, the League of Nations reported that 75% of the women working in brothels were immigrants. The combination, on the one hand, of the economic hope from immigrants–as well as the legality in comparison to many other countries–led to a rise in people coming to the country, and many of the women coming were working in bordellos. On the other hand, many women, both Argentine and European, were choosing prostitution as a means for more individual freedom over their work.
While there weren't any red-light districts, there were certain areas where one would be most likely to see brothels and streetwalkers; things such as pink or white translucent curtains, rather than traditional lace curtains was one way that individuals could contextually identify where the sex workers lived and worked.
"White slavery"
With the increase in immigration, particularly European immigration, came the issue of sex trafficking. In the case of Argentina, a large number of the women that were brought to Buenos Aires were promised a better life and a husband was then actually placed to work in bordellos. In reality, the instances of this trafficking were not as large of an issue as it was made out to be, mainly because 75% of the women working in brothels were immigrants, but the idea of “white slavery,” the international traffic of women and children, became widely accepted as truth in Europe, and Argentina was seen as a country that struggled with this issue. White slavery was not used in contrast to African chattel slavery, but rather was a term used to talk about coerced prostitution or sex trafficking. “White slavery” was used when Europeans discussed Argentina as a way to distance themselves from the country, and as a way to get public interest in terms of making legislation against prostitution.
Fear of white slavery was so huge in Europe that they actually brought it to the attention of the League of Nations, a global forum for political and economic discussion. However, many of these discussions were excuses for people who wanted to close their borders, particularly to Argentina, because they had a very large immigrant population in their workforce, especially from said outraged countries. Looking back through the details of white slavery and the instances of women being trafficked or tricked into prostitution by pimps in Argentina, there is very little data to show it was a huge problem, but it still sparked a moral panic.
Jewish immigration in Buenos Aires
Many of the immigrants that were arriving in Argentina were of Eastern European descent, and a large number of them were actually Jewish. In many Eastern European countries, Ashkenazi Jews were heavily excluded from labor, primarily in farming. Many of them were escaping situations of religious persecution, as well as looking for work in a country that at the time, was succeeding economically. This led to them immigrating to Argentina in large numbers.
In the late 1920s, Buenos Aires had an entire neighborhood where the majority of the population were Jewish immigrants. One part of those suburbs held what was called the Varsovia Society, which was made up mostly of brothel owners, pimps, and traffickers. The Varsovia Society was an organization for burial rites for those that were excluded from traditional rites owing to their association with sex work.
Owing to fear of being associated with this group, other Jewish people living in Buenos Aires created code words to separate themselves from the group and avoid harmful stereotypes on Jews. For example, when Raquel Liberman went to the police in 1928 claiming that her husband had forced her back into prostitution and was protected by the Varsovia Society, she had a large backing. The Varsovia Society was later renamed the Zwi Migdal, after one of the founders. Unfortunately, this led to a negative view of Jewish immigrants that continues to be a problem in Argentina today.
The main association with Jews, particularly from those coming from Poland, was precisely the relationship between Jewish women that were trafficked into sex work in Buenos Aires. Associations between the Varsovia Society and sex work as the prime leaders in the Argentine underworld led to an increase in anti-semitic attitudes, which spread to the rest of the world as well.
Government and legal repercussions
In 1904, Alberto Palacios was the first socialist elected to the National Chamber of Deputies, and his outrage against white slavery led to sponsoring a campaign that punished pimps. However, it was not until 1913 when Palacios introduced a different version of his bill against pimps that it was considered. This version included a new definition of white slavery, one that included both male and female minors, and would punish the pimps with a jail sentence, and deportation if convicted more than once as a foreign born person.
During this time of turmoil regarding “white slavery,” the only political party interested in the issue was in fact the Socialist Party. With many doctors at the forefront, their goals were to eliminate the spread of diseases, especially venereal disease, or sexually transmitted diseases. To that end, the biggest thing for them was that by legalizing prostitution, that meant that there was space for forced sex labor and therefore venereal disease.
The Sifilicomio laws mentioned above related to health regulation of sex workers was only ever applied to female prostitutes, despite public knowledge of male prostitutes working on the streets and in homes throughout the city. Laws varied from year to year, due to changes in society's outlooks. For example, brothels had tightened legislation on health checks in 1904, but they were later loosened in 1908.
References
Prostitution in Argentina
20th century in Argentina
Social history of Argentina
History of prostitution
Wikipedia Student Program
History of women in Argentina
Nashville (also known as Nashville-on-the-Brazos) was a community, now a ghost town, on the southeast bank of the Brazos River in present-day Milam County, Texas, United States.
The town was surveyed in the fall of 1835, with Sterling C. Robertson as its founder. It was named in honor of Nashville, Tennessee, Robertson's birthplace. The town served as the headquarters for Robertson's Colony. In January 1836, the settlement was attacked by Indians in the area. Two people were killed, which led to the formation of Robertson's Ranger Company. The rangers constructed Fort Milam at the falls of the Brazos and a second at the three forks of the Little River. Nashville was also designated the seat of justice for Milam municipality in 1836.
Following the Texas Revolution, Nashville was considered by the Texas Congress as a possible site for the capital of the Republic of Texas. From 1837 to 1846, the town served as the Milam County seat. It began to slowly decline after 1846, when the state legislature moved the county seat to Cameron. In 1868, the arrival of the Houston and Texas Central Railroad at nearby Hearne provided the remaining residents with the incentive to move. The town's post office closed that same year.
A chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution, with additional funds from Milam County, bought seven acres of the former Nashville site and deeded it to the state of Texas in 1927. Nashville was remembered during the Texas Centennial with the addition of several historic markers along U.S. Highway 79, about 5 miles northeast of Gause and 5 miles west of Hearne.
References
External links
Ghost towns in Central Texas
Ghost towns in Milam County, Texas
Thomas Shaw (1694–1751) was an English cleric and traveller.
Life
He was born about in Kendal, Westmorland. From the grammar school of his native town, he went to The Queen's College, Oxford, where he took his master's degree in 1719.
On entering holy orders, he was appointed chaplain to the factory at Algiers. While in north Africa he traveled through Algiers, Tunisia, Syria, Egypt, and Arabia in the first half of the eighteenth century. He is best known for his account of his travels, first published in Oxford in 1738 and published in a French translation in The Hague by Jean Neaulme in 1743; another translation of J. MacCarthy is published by Marlin in Paris in 1830. The preface of this edition indicates that he would have lived twelve years in Algiers (1720-1732).
He became a Fellow of his college in 1727, in his absence.
During his travels he made crude daily geodetic surveys from which he draws maps attached to his work. he also made use of the Roman Itinerary of Antoninus and the 12th century Arab geographer Al Idrissi in his works.
On his return, in 1733, Shaw took his doctor's degree, and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. In 1740, on the death of Henry Felton, he was nominated principal of St Edmund Hall, with which he held the Greek professorship, and the vicarage of Bramley in Hampshire, till his death in 1751.
In the 19th century, his century-old work again gained favor during the French conquest of Algiers in 1830. In fact, apart from the spy mission in the vicinity of Algiers led by the engineer Vincent-Yves Boutin in 1808, it seems that the France very little information on Algeria more recent than that of Shaw.
Also, the geographical and "sociological" part of his 1830 edition named Historical, statistical and topographical facts on the State of Algiers, and was used of the expeditionary army of Africa.
Works
The first edition of Shaw's Travels in Barbary and the Levant was printed at Oxford, in 1738. Richard Pococke commented unfavourably on parts of the work in his Description of the East (1745), and Shaw published two supplements in vindication, which were incorporated in the edition of 1757.
Today Shaw is better known in France than his native England.
References
External links
A painting of Thomas Shaw, DD, FRS from the official site of the BBC.
People from Kendal
1694 births
1751 deaths
Fellows of the Royal Society
18th-century English Anglican priests
Principals of St Edmund Hall, Oxford
Fellows of The Queen's College, Oxford
People from Bramley, Hampshire
Cape Timberlake () is a bold cape at the west side of the mouth of Skelton Glacier. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1964 for Lieutenant Commander Lewis G. Timberlake, U.S. Navy, public works officer at McMurdo Station, 1962.
Headlands of the Ross Dependency
Hillary Coast
Stephen Edward Whitaker (born May 7, 1943) is an American former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played from 1966-1970 for the New York Yankees, Seattle Pilots and San Francisco Giants. He was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1962. Whitaker was traded by the Kansas City Royals, along with John Gelnar to the Pilots for Lou Piniella at the end of spring training 1969.
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Arizona Instructional League Pilots players
Baseball players from Tacoma, Washington
Columbus Confederate Yankees players
Florida Instructional League Yankees players
Fort Lauderdale Yankees players
Gold Coast Suns (baseball) players
Greensboro Yankees players
Hawaii Islanders players
Idaho Falls Yankees players
Major League Baseball outfielders
New York Yankees players
Phoenix Giants players
San Francisco Giants players
Seattle Pilots players
Shelby Colonels players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Vancouver Mounties players
Henry Gordon Cowans (born 1 October 1996) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cymru Premier club Newtown.
Club career
Cowans joined Aston Villa as a child, his father, Gordon Cowans, had a long association with the club and was a youth coach at the club when his son signed his first youth terms in 2012. Cowans was a regular for the under-18, under-21 and under-23 sides but never made a senior first team appearance and was released in June 2017.
On 24 August 2016, Cowans joined Stevenage of EFL League Two on loan until January 2017. Cowans are named on the bench for Stevenage on 27 August 2016 and given the number 23 shirt but did not start in a 5–2 away loss. He made his professional debut in an EFL Trophy loss to Leyton Orient four days later. On 9 January 2017, Cowans had his loan extended until the end of the season.
On 4 September 2017 Cowans joined A.F.C. Telford United of the National League North. He made 31 total appearances over the season, and scored his first senior goal on 11 November in a 3–1 loss at F.C. United of Manchester.
On 7 March 2019 A.F.C. Telford United confirmed, that Cowans had joined Stratford Town on loan until the end of the season. However, he was recalled early. On 9 December 2019, he was loaned out again, this time to Stourbridge until 6 January 2020.
On 3 August 2021, Cowans was announced to have left Telford.
In September 2021, Cowans joined Cymru Premier club Newtown. It took until 10 December 2021 for Cowans to make his debut, due to the injury problems which had blighted his Telford career, he played the final 9 minutes of a 4–2 away victory over Aberystwyth Town. Cowans went on to make 12 appearances in his first season in Wales, including 8 starts. On 14 July 2022, Cowans scored his first goal for Newtown in the UEFA Europa Conference League against Havnar Bóltfelag.
Career statistics
References
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Birmingham, West Midlands
Aston Villa F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
AFC Telford United players
Stratford Town F.C. players
Stourbridge F.C. players
Newtown A.F.C. players
English footballers
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Cymru Premier players
The Sopi Coalition was the governing political alliance in Senegal during the presidency of Abdoulaye Wade. The alliance is composed of the Senegalese Democratic Party (PDS) and smaller parties. Wade is the Secretary-General of the PDS.
The alliance's name came from large crowds chanting "Sopi! Sopi!" at Wade's rallies during his successful campaign for president in 2000. "Sopi" is the Wolof word for "change."
In the April 2001 parliamentary election, the Sopi Coalition won 49.59% of the popular vote and 89 out of 120 seats in the National Assembly. Six years later, in the parliamentary election of 3 June 2007 (which was boycotted by most of the opposition), the Sopi Coalition 2007 won 69.21% of the popular vote and 131 out of 150 seats.
References
Political parties in Senegal
In probability and statistics, the quantile function, associated with a probability distribution of a random variable, specifies the value of the random variable such that the probability of the variable being less than or equal to that value equals the given probability. Intuitively, the quantile function associates with a range at and below a probability input the likelihood that a random variable is realized in that range for some probability distribution. It is also called the percentile function, percent-point function or inverse cumulative distribution function.
Definition
Strictly monotonic distribution function
With reference to a continuous and strictly monotonic cumulative distribution function of a random variable X, the quantile function returns a threshold value x below which random draws from the given c.d.f. would fall 100*p percent of the time. In terms of the distribution function F, the quantile function Q returns the value x such that
which can be written as inverse of the c.d.f.
General distribution function
In the general case of distribution functions that are not strictly monotonic and therefore do not permit an inverse c.d.f., the quantile is a (potentially) set valued functional of a distribution function F, given by the interval
It is often standard to choose the lowest value, which can equivalently be written as (using right-continuity of F)
Here we capture the fact that the quantile function returns the minimum value of x from amongst all those values whose c.d.f value exceeds p, which is equivalent to the previous probability statement in the special case that the distribution is continuous. Note that the infimum function can be replaced by the minimum function, since the distribution function is right-continuous and weakly monotonically increasing.
The quantile is the unique function satisfying the Galois inequalities
if and only if
If the function F is continuous and strictly monotonically increasing, then the inequalities can be replaced by equalities, and we have:
In general, even though the distribution function F may fail to possess a left or right inverse, the quantile function Q behaves as an "almost sure left inverse" for the distribution function, in the sense that
almost surely.
Simple example
For example, the cumulative distribution function of Exponential(λ) (i.e. intensity λ and expected value (mean) 1/λ) is
The quantile function for Exponential(λ) is derived by finding the value of Q for which :
for 0 ≤ p < 1. The quartiles are therefore:
first quartile (p = 1/4)
median (p = 2/4)
third quartile (p = 3/4)
Applications
Quantile functions are used in both statistical applications and Monte Carlo methods.
The quantile function is one way of prescribing a probability distribution, and it is an alternative to the probability density function (pdf) or probability mass function, the cumulative distribution function (cdf) and the characteristic function. The quantile function, Q, of a probability distribution is the inverse of its cumulative distribution function F. The derivative of the quantile function, namely the quantile density function, is yet another way of prescribing a probability distribution. It is the reciprocal of the pdf composed with the quantile function.
For statistical applications, users need to know key percentage points of a given distribution. For example, they require the median and 25% and 75% quartiles as in the example above or 5%, 95%, 2.5%, 97.5% levels for other applications such as assessing the statistical significance of an observation whose distribution is known; see the quantile entry. Before the popularization of computers, it was not uncommon for books to have appendices with statistical tables sampling the quantile function. Statistical applications of quantile functions are discussed extensively by Gilchrist.
Monte-Carlo simulations employ quantile functions to produce non-uniform random or pseudorandom numbers for use in diverse types of simulation calculations. A sample from a given distribution may be obtained in principle by applying its quantile function to a sample from a uniform distribution. The demands of simulation methods, for example in modern computational finance, are focusing increasing attention on methods based on quantile functions, as they work well with multivariate techniques based on either copula or quasi-Monte-Carlo methods and Monte Carlo methods in finance.
Calculation
The evaluation of quantile functions often involves numerical methods, such as the exponential distribution above, which is one of the few distributions where a closed-form expression can be found (others include the uniform, the Weibull, the Tukey lambda (which includes the logistic) and the log-logistic). When the cdf itself has a closed-form expression, one can always use a numerical root-finding algorithm such as the bisection method to invert the cdf. Other algorithms to evaluate quantile functions are given in the Numerical Recipes series of books. Algorithms for common distributions are built into many statistical software packages.
Quantile functions may also be characterized as solutions of non-linear ordinary and partial differential equations. The ordinary differential equations for the cases of the normal, Student, beta and gamma distributions have been given and solved.
Normal distribution
The normal distribution is perhaps the most important case. Because the normal distribution is a location-scale family, its quantile function for arbitrary parameters can be derived from a simple transformation of the quantile function of the standard normal distribution, known as the probit function. Unfortunately, this function has no closed-form representation using basic algebraic functions; as a result, approximate representations are usually used. Thorough composite rational and polynomial approximations have been given by Wichura and Acklam. Non-composite rational approximations have been developed by Shaw.
Ordinary differential equation for the normal quantile
A non-linear ordinary differential equation for the normal quantile, w(p), may be given. It is
with the centre (initial) conditions
This equation may be solved by several methods, including the classical power series approach. From these solutions of arbitrarily high accuracy may be developed (see Steinbrecher and Shaw, 2008).
Student's t-distribution
This has historically been one of the more intractable cases, as the presence of a parameter, ν, the degrees of freedom, makes the use of rational and other approximations awkward. Simple formulas exist when the ν = 1, 2, 4 and the problem may be reduced to the solution of a polynomial when ν is even. In other cases the quantile functions may be developed as power series. The simple cases are as follows:
ν = 1 (Cauchy distribution)
ν = 2
ν = 4
where
and
In the above the "sign" function is +1 for positive arguments, −1 for negative arguments and zero at zero. It should not be confused with the trigonometric sine function.
Quantile mixtures
Analogously to the mixtures of densities, distributions can be defined as quantile mixtures
,
where , are quantile functions and , are the model parameters. The parameters must be selected so that is a quantile function.
Two four-parametric quantile mixtures, the normal-polynomial quantile mixture and the Cauchy-polynomial quantile mixture, are presented by Karvanen.
Non-linear differential equations for quantile functions
The non-linear ordinary differential equation given for normal distribution is a special case of that available for any quantile function whose second derivative exists. In general the equation for a quantile, Q(p), may be given. It is
augmented by suitable boundary conditions, where
and ƒ(x) is the probability density function. The forms of this equation, and its classical analysis by series and asymptotic solutions, for the cases of the normal, Student, gamma and beta distributions has been elucidated by Steinbrecher and Shaw (2008). Such solutions provide accurate benchmarks, and in the case of the Student, suitable series for live Monte Carlo use.
See also
Inverse transform sampling
Percentage point
Probability integral transform
Quantile
Rank–size distribution
References
Further reading
Abernathy, Roger W. and Smith, Robert P. (1993) *"Applying series expansion to the inverse beta distribution to find percentiles of the F-distribution", ACM Trans. Math. Softw., 9 (4), 478–480
Refinement of the Normal Quantile
New Methods for Managing "Student's" T Distribution
ACM Algorithm 396: Student's t-Quantiles
Functions related to probability distributions
pt:Quantil
Jean-Philippe Séchet (born 16 July 1965) is a French professional football manager and former player who played as an attacking midfielder. As of 2021, he is the manager of Régional 1 club US Saint-Flour.
Personal life
During the 2000s decade, while simultaneously being a football manager, Séchet was the director of a publicity company. He founded the company with an associate and his wife in 2003. He also worked as a commentator on the radio for FC Metz.
Honours
Player
Paris Saint-Germain
Coupe de France: 1994–95
Coupe de la Ligue: 1994–95
Manager
FC Toul
Division d'Honneur: 2006–07
Notes
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from La Tronche
French footballers
Association football midfielders
French football managers
FC Échirolles players
Grenoble Foot 38 players
FC Gueugnon players
AS Nancy Lorraine players
FC Metz players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
AS Saint-Étienne players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
Ligue 2 players
French Division 3 (1971–1993) players
Ligue 1 players
Luxembourg National Division players
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Luxembourg
French expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Luxembourg
French expatriate sportspeople in Germany
French expatriate sportspeople in Luxembourg
FC RM Hamm Benfica managers
Stade de Reims non-playing staff
US Raon-l'Étape managers
UMS Montélimar managers
Footballers from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Mickie Krause (born Michael Engels on June 21, 1970), a native of Wettringen, is a singer of German Schlager. His notoriety exploded in Germany in 1999 with his hit 'Zehn nackte Friseusen' '(Ten nude hairdressers).
Discography
Albums
2000: Ok folgendes - Meine Erfolge größten Teil 2 (2001, 3 We., Place 85)
2003: Krausealarm - Das beste Partyalbum der Welt (2003, 26 We., Place 76)
2006: Wie Blei in den Regalen (2006, 33 We., 33 Place 56)
2007: Vom Mund in die Orgel - Mickie Krause singt die schönsten und Fahrten- Wanderlieder!
Singles
1998: Anita '98
1999: Olé wir fahr'n in Puff nach Barcelona (Olé we're off to a brothel in Barcelona)
1999: Zehn nackte Friseusen (Ten naked hairdressers)
2000: Zeig doch mal die Möpse (Show me the boobs)
2000: Der Ober bricht Megamix (The waiter pukes)
2001: Geh doch zuhause, du alte Scheiße (Just go home, you old shit)
2001: Mallorca Allstars - Sie kommen um deine Party zu retten (with Mirja Boes and Sound Convoy) (Majorca all-stars - they'll come to save your party)
2002: Reiß die Hütte ab (Tear the house down)
2003: Du bist zu blöd um ausm Busch zu winken (You're too stupid to wave from a bush)
2004: Wirft der Arsch auch Falten (Even if your ass has wrinkles)
2005: Alle total versaut (Everyone totally filthy)
2005: Ich will ne Frau ohne Arschgeweih (I want a woman without a tramp stamp)
2006: Laudato si
2006: Kumbaja
2007: Finger im Po, Mexiko (Finger in butt, Mexico)
2008: Wir ham' St. Anton überlebt (with Jürgen Milski) (We survived St. Anton)
2008: Ich glaub hier ist doch wieder Alkohol im Spiel (I think alcohol is involved again)
2008: Orange trägt nur die Müllabfuhr (Only garbage men wear orange) (Go West)
2008: Supa Deutschland (Supa (Super) Germany)
2008: Jan Pillemann Otze (Jan Dick Unt)
2011: Schatzi, schenk mir ein Foto (Honey, send me a photo)
2012: Nur noch Schuhe an (Only wearing shoes)
2014: Geh mal Bier hol'n (GmBh) (Go get beer)
2014: Rot sind die Rosen (feat. Ingrid & Klaus) (The roses are red)
2014: Schalala nach Hause (with Jan Zerbst) (Shalala home)
2014: Die Nummer 1 der Welt sind wir (we are number 1 in the world)
2015: Biste braun, kriegste Fraun (If you're brown you'll get women)
2016: Wir sind die Kinder vom Süderhof (We are the kids from Süderhof)
2019: Eine Woche wach
References
21st-century German male singers
1970 births
Schlager musicians
Living people
Edward L. Deci (; born in 1942) is a Professor of Psychology and Gowen Professor in the Social Sciences at the University of Rochester, and director of its human motivation program. He is well known in psychology for his theories of intrinsic and extrinsic motivation and basic psychological needs. With Richard Ryan, he is the co-founder of self-determination theory (SDT), an influential contemporary motivational theory. Self-determination theory is a macro theory of human motivation that differentiates between autonomous and controlled forms of motivation; the theory has been applied to predict behavior and inform behavior change in many contexts including: education, health care, work organizations, parenting, and sport (as well as many others).
Deci is also Director of the Monhegan Museum in Monhegan, Maine.
Selected works
Deci, E.L. (1975). Intrinsic motivation. New York: Plenum Publishing Co. Japanese Edition, Tokyo: Seishin Shobo, 1980.
Deci, E.L. (1980). The psychology of self-determination. Lexington, MA: D. C. Heath (Lexington Books). Japanese Edition, Tokyo: Seishin Shobo, 1985.
Deci, E. L., & Ryan, R. M. (2000). "The 'what' and 'why' of goal pursuits: Human needs and the self-determination of behavior." Psychological Inquiry, 11, 227-268.
Ryan, R. M., & Deci, E. L. (2000). "Self-determination theory and the facilitation of intrinsic motivation, social development, and well-being." American Psychologist, 55, 68-78.
Ryan, R. M., & Deci, E. L. (2017). Self-determination theory: Basic psychological needs in motivation, development, and wellness. New York: Guilford Publishing. .
See also
Self-determination theory
Organismic theory
Overjustification effect
Motivation
References
External links
University of Rochester faculty page
Self-determination theory website
Living people
University of Rochester faculty
1942 births
American psychologists
Motivation theorists
The Institut national de l'origine et de la qualité (previously Institut National des Appellations d'Origine) (INAO) is the French organization charged with regulating French agricultural products with Protected Designations of Origin (PDOs). Controlled by the French government, it forms part of the Ministry of Agriculture. The organization was co-founded by Châteauneuf-du-Pape producer Baron Pierre Le Roy.
Every Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC), the French term for PDOs, is produced according to rules codified by the INAO. Because its primary purpose is to regulate the use of noteworthy names, one of its primary tasks is to delimit the geographic area entitled to produce a product. For wine this means vineyards, but the INAO also regulates the places of processing and aging.
The INAO, like many organizations charged with regulating and helping producers, is often put in a contradictory position. An individual farmer may want his farm to be included in the limited area, but that might have the effect of diluting the average quality of the area. Rarely is this without controversy, and it is a delicate balancing act.
History
Government control of agricultural products began with the law of August 1, 1905, granting the government authority to define the official boundaries for the production of certain agricultural products. At first, the appellations were not designed as measures of quality of the produce and failed to resolve the problem of over-production of wine, a problem that continues to this day.
A second law, passed on May 6, 1919, gave the courts power to act in cases where the regulations were not being followed. This once again was an initial failure, as the resulting prosecutions proved to be long and fraught with difficulty.
In a further attempt to address problems in the wine industry, the INAO was created by a decree initiated by Joseph Capus and enacted on July 30, 1935.
Under this law the Comité National des appellations d'origine (CNAO) was given the sole authority to rule on matters related to the quality of wine.
The members of the committee included delegates of ministries of agriculture, finance and justice and presidents of viticulture syndicates.
They consulted with the top wine producers in each region to define the boundaries of appellations and the rules for a wine to qualify.
The CNAO was funded by a fee paid by the producers. Many small wine producers were eager to escape the state regulations imposed on bulk winemakers, and sought to join.
However the CNAO enforced high standards and the percentage of French wine designated as AOC actually declined in the first years after the CNAO was formed.
The first AOC laws were passed in 1936, and most of the classical wines from Bordeaux, Burgundy, Champagne and Rhône had their initial set of AOC regulations before the end of 1937.
After World War II the committee became the public-private Institut National des Appellations d'Origine (INAO).
In 1990, the economic success of the appellations led parliament in a law of July 2 to extend the powers of the INAO to cover all agricultural produce.
Since January 1, 2007, the Institute is renamed Institut national de l'origine et de la qualité and also guarantees organic and Label Rouge certifications. In spite of the name change it retains the abbreviation INAO.
See also
René Renou
French wine
Champagne Riots of 1911
References
Sources
External links
INAO - official site
Government agencies of France
Wine industry organizations
The Urucé people were Gê-speaking natives of the São Francisco riverbanks around the current city of Sento Sé in the Brazilian state of Bahia. They are now extinct as a tribe.
These Amerindians where first mentioned by Belchior Dias, the first bandeirante to reach the region of current Sobradinho in 1593 in search of silver. During his journey, he met the Galache in Remanso, the Kariri in Juazeiro, the Massacará in Salitre, the Tamoquim in Sobradinho and the Urucé in Sento-Sé.
Most of the natives of that region were Christianized and assimilated to different degrees by the Portuguese colonists. According to some descendants, the Urucés were a fierce tribe that often engaged in conflicts with their close neighbors, the Centucé. Sento Sé as a name is the modern version of the tribe name Centucé.
The Urucé left a few ancient rock paintings often representing a stylized symbol of water springs, as the surrounding caatinga is a very dry biotop, as a way to help their members to localize sources of water.
References
History of Bahia
Daniel J. Myers (born April 9, 1966, in Xenia, Ohio) is the President of Misericordia University in Dallas, Pennsylvania and a professor of Sociology. His best known research is on the urban unrest of the 1960s and the media coverage of those riots, specializing in identifying the patterns of unrest diffusion. He has written several books and articles, and is co-author of the best-selling sociological social psychology textbook, Social Psychology.
Early life and education
Daniel Myers was born in Xenia, Ohio, a town of approximately 20,000. His father was a Baptist minister. Myers moved throughout the United States during his childhood, including to New York, Pittsburgh, Indiana, Ohio, and West Virginia. Myers graduated from high school in Zanesville, and then graduated from The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, in 1988 with a B.A. in political science and in 1991 with a M.A. in higher education and student affairs. In 1995, Myers graduated from the University of Wisconsin, Madison with a M.S. in sociology, followed by a Ph.D. in sociology in 1997. He wrote his dissertation on 'Diffusion Models for Riots and Other Collective Violence'.
Research areas
Myers' principal research interests are collective behavior and social movements. His most recent work focuses on racial rioting in the 1960s and 1970s, deterministic and stochastic models of diffusion for collective violence, mathematical models of collective action, media coverage of protests, demonstrations, and riots, and game theoretic analyses of small group negotiation.
Former positions
Myers as Provost and Chief Academic Officer at American University in Washington, D.C., Provost and Executive Vice President of Academic Affairs at Marquette University in Milwaukee, WI. Before that he held a number of positions at the University of Notre Dame including Vice President and Associate Provost, Professor of Sociology, and Director of Research and Faculty Development at the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies. He founded the Center for the Study of Social Movements and served as editor of Mobilization: The International Quarterly Review of Social Movement Research. Myers also served as a Senior Fellow for the Phelps-Stokes Fund in Washington, D.C., was vice-president of the Board of the South Bend Symphony Orchestra, and was President of Board of the Good Shepherd Montessori School (South Bend, Indiana).
Honors and awards
Dr. Myers has received the following honors and awards:
Sheedy Teaching Award from the Notre Dame College of Arts and Letters in 2007.
Best Published Article from the American Sociological Association Section on Collective Behavior and Social Movements in 2005, co-authored with Beth Schaefer Caniglia.
Elected to Alpha Kappa Delta in 2004.
Kaneb Teaching Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching from the University of Notre Dame in 2002.
Katherine DuPre Lumpkin Dissertation Award for Outstanding Dissertation in Sociology from the University of Wisconsin, Madison in 1998.
Genevieve Gorst Herfurth Award for the best paper written by a graduate student in the social sciences from the University of Wisconsin, Madison in 1996.
Runner-up for the Graduate Student Paper Competition from the American Sociological Association Section on Collective Behavior and Social Movements in 1995.
Teaching Leadership Award from The Pew Charitable Trusts in 1993.
References
External links
Notre Dame Arts and Letters faculty bio
Center for the Study of Social Movements
Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies
Conant Associates
Mobilization (journal)
Phelps Stokes Fund
Curriculum Vitæ
American sociologists
People from Xenia, Ohio
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
Ohio State University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
1966 births
Living people
University of Notre Dame faculty
American University faculty and staff
Ohio State University College of Education and Human Ecology alumni
Love Toy is a 1968 soft-core exploitation film, produced and directed by Doris Wishman. It stars Pat Happel, Uta Erickson (billed as Willa Mist) and Larry Hunter (billed as Vic Lester)
Plot
Marcus (Larry Hunter) loses all his belongings to Alex (Bernard Marcel) at a game of Gin Rummy. Alex offers to drop all debts in return for one night with Marcus' teenage daughter Chris (Pat Happel). Marcus agrees reluctantly but when he tries to intervene, Alex and his wife Mary (Uta Erickson) bind him to a chair. She stays behind to keep an eye on him.
Alex forces Chris to assume the roles of his childhood cat 'Samuel' (she has to lap up milk from a bowl while nude), his mother (she has to nurse him), his wife, his child (he spanks her), his horse, and finally his mistress.
Therewhile, Mary seems to be burning up in her green dress. She performs an erotic dance for Marcus (who seems to do nothing more than moan in agony or pain throughout most of the film), lapses into a memory of her mother having intercourse with a lover while she was a girl, and finally masturbates while watching Alex and Chris pretend they are lovers.
The film closes on a threesome between Alex, Chris and Mary, Marcus choking Chris to death on her own night gown and finally Chris's awakening from the bad dream she just had. As well as one final surprise...
Cast
Bernard Marcel (Alex)
Pat Happel (Chris)
Uta Erickson (Mary, billed as Willa Mist)
Larry Hunter (Marcus, billed as Vic Lester)
See also
List of American films of 1968
References
External links
1960 films
1960s exploitation films
Films directed by Doris Wishman
1960s pornographic films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
The Duet technical routine competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 17 and 19 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 17 June at 13:00. The final was held on 19 June at 16:00.
Green denotes finalists
References
Duet technical routine
Jozef Klekl or Jozsef Klekl may refer to:
József Klekl (politician) (1874–1948), (Prekmurje) Slovene writer, politician, and Catholic priest
József Klekl (writer) (1879–1936), (Prekmurje) Slovene writer, journalist, and Catholic priest
Pontodoridae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera:
Epitoka Treadwell, 1943
Pontodora Greeff, 1879
References
Phyllodocida
Mark Anthony Breland (born May 11, 1963) is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1984 to 1997. He held the WBA welterweight title twice, having held it in 1987 and between 1989 and 1990. He later became an actor with a wide range of movie and television credits, having made his debut in The Lords of Discipline, and also appeared in the music video for The Pointer Sisters' 1985 hit single, "Dare Me."
Amateur career
Breland, who was born in Brooklyn, New York, began fighting when he was 9 years old, taking on challengers in the lobby and hallways of the housing project which happened to be his home. At 13, he entered the gym and embraced boxing as a way of life. He won five New York Golden Gloves titles, surpassing Sugar Ray Robinson for the most wins in the history of the Golden Gloves. Breland is notably the only amateur boxer to have ever graced the cover of Ring magazine, and the only amateur whose picture hangs in Colorado Springs U.S. Olympic Training Center. The Smithsonian Museum for African American History and Culture in Washington, DC displays an honorary picture of Mark Breland in recognition of his achievements.
Mark Breland won a gold medal at the 1984 Olympics, was awarded the 1982 Boxer of the Year by USAABF, and rated #1 amateur welterweight in the world by AIBA in 1984.
Breland was so exceptional, that he has been having trouble getting sparring partners in the Bedford-Stuyvesant Boxing Association Gym. In June 1984, when he was preparing himself for the forthcoming National Olympic Trials, he went to Grossinger, New York, to train with the Kronks, there he sparred with the Thomas Hearns, who in turn was preparing to fight Roberto Durán. At that time Breland was being trained by Emanuel Steward. At that time he narrowly escaped bigger troubles, falling under destructive influence of his teammate Ricky Womack, who happened to be an authoritative figure for Breland, eventually was sentenced and jailed.
Highlights
Won the 39th Intercity Golden Gloves in the welterweight division, Madison Square Garden, New York City, April 1981:
Defeated Efrain Bennett KO 1
Participated in the United States National Championships, in Concord, California, May 1981:
1/4: Lost to Darryl Anthony by split decision, 2–3
Won the U.S. National Sports Festival (Welterweight) in Syracuse, New York, July 1981:
1/2: Defeated Roman George RSC 3
Finals: Defeated Darryl Robinson RSC 1
United States Welterweight Champion, Charlotte, North Carolina, April 1982:
1/4: Defeated Ron Essett RSC 1
1/2: Defeated Frank Warren by unanimous decision, 5–0
Finals: Defeated Louis Howard RSCH 2
Made the U.S. National Team at the World Champ Box-Offs in Colorado Springs, Colorado, April 1982:
Defeated Louis Howard
at the World Championships (Welterweight) in Munich, West Germany, May 1982:
1/16: Defeated Vesa Koskela (Sweden) RET 2
1/8: Defeated Mihai Ciubotaru (Romania) KO 1
1/4: Defeated Jenő Danyi (Hungary) by unanimous decision, 5–0
1/2: Defeated Manfred Zielonka (West Germany) by unanimous decision, 5–0
Finals: Defeated Serik Konakbayev (Soviet Union) by unanimous decision, 5–0
Won the USA–Poland Duals (Welterweight) in Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, Nevada, October 1982:
Defeated Stanisław Marczyński (Poland) by unanimous decision, 3–0
Withdrew from the United States National Championships, in Indianapolis, Indiana, December 1982:
1/16: Lost to Kurt Whitesell by medical walkover
Won the AIBA International Challenge (Welterweight) in Korakuen Hall, Tokyo, Japan, May 1983:
Defeated Yong Beom Chung (South Korea) by unanimous decision, 5–0
United States Welterweight Champion, Colorado Springs, Colorado, November 1983:
1/16: Defeated Bill Harrington RSC 3
1/8: Defeated Tony Golden RSC 2
1/4: Defeated Larry Gentile by decision
1/2: Defeated Alton Rice by unanimous decision, 5–0
Finals: Defeated James Mitchell RSC 2
Won the AIBA International Challenge (Welterweight) in Los Angeles, California, April 1984:
Defeated Luciano Bruno (Italy) by decision
Qualified as a Welterweight at the National Olympic Trials in Fort Worth, Texas, June 1984:
1/4: Defeated Mylon Watkins KO 1
1/2: Defeated Louis Howard by unanimous decision, 5–0
Finals: Defeated Davey Gutierrez by unanimous decision, 5–0
Made the U.S. National Team at the Olympic Box-Offs in Las Vegas, Nevada, July 1984:
Defeated Louis Howard by unanimous decision, 5–0
at the 1984 Summer Olympics (Welterweight) in Los Angeles, California, July–August 1984:
1/32: Defeated Wayne Gordon (Canada) by unanimous decision, 5–0
1/16: Defeated Carlos Reyes (Puerto Rico) RSC 3
1/8: Defeated Rudel Obreja (Romania) by unanimous decision, 5–0
1/4: Defeated Genaro Leon (Mexico) KO 1
1/2: Defeated Luciano Bruno (Italy) by unanimous decision, 5–0
Finals: Defeated Yong-Su Ahn (South Korea) by unanimous decision, 5–0
Already in 1981, age 18, professional boxing promoters and managers have offered him huge sums up to $300,000 to sign a professional contract. But Breland has turned down these offers, partly by anticipating the 1984 Olympics, and in part because due to the promoters' neglect: "It's not 'cause I need the money. It's 'cause they need the money. Hey, I can get hurt." Planning his professional career, he planned to leave the ring before he's 30.
Breland compiled an impressive amateur record of 110–1 (with 73 knockouts, plus one unaccounted loss by medical disqualification, due to withdrawal because of toxic poisioning, spent most of the week in a New York hospital.)
Professional career
Breland turned professional in 1984. In 1987, Breland won the vacant WBA welterweight title by defeating Harold Volbrecht by seventh round TKO. He lost it in his first defense to Marlon Starling. In 1989, Breland again won the vacant WBA Welterweight Title. He made three successful title defenses before losing it to Aaron Davis in a back-and-forth 9-round contest that was nearly called off twice because of injuries to Davis' eye before Breland was caught and knocked out in round 9.
In 1997, Breland retired with a professional record of 35–3–1 (25 KOs). His record blemishes were a draw with Marlon Starling and losses to Jorge Vaca, Aaron Davis and Marlon Starling.
Breland is currently a boxing trainer, having trained Vernon Forrest and former WBC Heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder among other notable boxers.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
1963 births
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
American male boxers
African-American boxers
Boxers from New York City
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of the United States
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in boxing
World boxing champions
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Welterweight boxers
Living people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Roger Lee Sisson (June 24, 1926 – January 22, 1992) was an early data processing pioneer. Sisson worked on Project Whirlwind while a graduate student at MIT, co-founded the first consulting firm devoted to electronic data processing, and published a number of the earliest books and periodicals on computers and data processing.
Sisson earned his M.S. in electrical engineering from MIT in January 1950. He worked in Jay Forrester's lab on Project Whirlwind. His thesis, written with Alfred Susskind, was on the digital to analog conversion for the cathode ray tube display.
Sisson, with Richard Canning, started one of the first consulting firms devoted exclusively to electronic data processing, Canning, Sisson, and Associates. Canning and Sisson also published one of the earliest computer periodicals, Data Processing Digest, starting in 1955. Sisson went on to write a number of noted books on the subject of EDP, including The Management of Data Processing, and A Manager's Guide to Data Processing. He wrote an early and influential paper in the field of Operations Research, "Methods of Sequencing in Job Shops" in the journal Operations Research in 1959.
Sisson died January 22, 1992 in New York City, of sudden cardiac arrest. He was 65 at the time of his death.
References
External links
Book references for Roger Sisson
Grabbe Automation in Business and Industry Bitsavers references for Roger Sisson
Proceedings of a Second Symposium on Large-Scale Digital Calculating Machinery Bitsavers references for Roger Sisson
MIT School of Engineering alumni
American computer scientists
1926 births
1992 deaths
Philip Pitt Campbell (April 25, 1862 – May 26, 1941) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Biography
Born in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada, Campbell moved with his parents to Neosho County, Kansas, in 1867.
He attended the common schools, and was graduated from Baker University, Baldwin City, Kansas, in 1888.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1889 and commenced practice in Pittsburg, Kansas.
Campbell was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-eighth and to the nine succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1903 – March 3, 1923).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Levees and Improvements of the Mississippi River (Sixty-first Congress), Committee on Rules (Sixty-sixth and Sixty-seventh Congresses).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1922 to the Sixty-eighth Congress.
Parliamentarian of the Republican National Convention in 1924.
He resumed the practice of law in Washington, D.C., with residence in Arlington, Virginia.
He died in Washington, D.C., May 26, 1941. He was interred in Abbey Mausoleum in Arlington County, Virginia.
References
1862 births
1941 deaths
Virginia Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
People from Cape Breton Island
Bro culture is a subculture of young people (originally young men, hence "brother culture") who spend time partying with others like themselves. Although the original image of the bro lifestyle is associated with sports apparel and fraternities, it lacks a consistent definition. Most aspects vary regionally such as in California where it overlaps with surf culture. Oxford Dictionaries have noted that bros frequently self-identify with neologisms containing the word "bro" as a prefix or suffix.
Etymology and history
Bro was originally an abbreviated form of the word brother but began to assume non-familial connotations in the 20th century. In this evolution, it was first used to refer to another man, such as a "guy" or "fellow". In these ways, it was semantically similar to the use of "brother". In the 1970s, bro came to refer to a male friend rather than just another man. The word became associated with young men who spend time partying with others like themselves. Oxford Dictionaries identified the use of the term "bro" as the one "defining feature" of the changing cultural attributes of young manhood. Other variations exist such as brah, breh, bruh (African American Vernacular English), Bruv (British).
The applications of bro subculture correlate with neologisms that include the word. The word is used as a modifier for compound terms such as "brogrammer" and "curlbro". Oxford Dictionaries wrote that the term "lends itself" to compounding and blending, with combinations such as "bro-hug" and "bro-step" and portmanteaux such as "bro-down", "bromance", and "brohemian". This creation of neologisms was called "portmanbros" by 2009. Oxford compared this trend to man- prefixes (e.g., man cave, mansplaining, manscaping) but noted that the bro portmanteaux subset refers to a smaller portion of masculinity, noting that many of the terms were "stunt coinages" with little hope of widespread adoption. However, the term "bromance", whose first usage was recorded in a 2001 issue of TransWorld Surf, entered the Oxford English Dictionary. The term "bro-hug" was used at least eight times in The New York Times between 2010 and 2013 and "brogrammer" once became the center of Silicon Valley gender conversations. In comparison to the "hipster" modifier, Oxford Dictionaries called the "bro" modifier more playful, and responsible for making the subculture "ripe for (often self-inflicted) mockery".
Characteristics
Bro culture is not defined consistently or concretely, but refers to a type of "fratty masculinity," predominantly "if not exclusively" white, associated with frayed-brim baseball hats, oxford shirts, sports team T-shirts, and boat shoes or sandals. NPR also noted that bros could include people of color and women, though that is not the popular conception of bro subculture.
The wide-ranging iterations of bro include "twenty-something investment bankers", fraternity brothers in flannel shirts, and "laconic surfers". NPR identified four types of bros: dudely, jockish, preppy, and stoner-ish. In their description, dudely bros form close and homosocial friendships in a group of bros, jockish bros are defined by ability at team sports tempered by interest in alcohol, preppy bros wear "conservatively casual" clothes such as Abercrombie and Fitch (and are the sons of Brooks Brothers-wearing men) and flaunt "social privilege", and stoner-ish bros may not necessary use cannabis but speak relaxedly and exude the air of surfers. The gay community on Reddit has coined the term "gaybro" to refer to gay men who exhibit bro characteristics in defiance of the usual stereotypes of gay male behavior.
Oxford Dictionaries identify bros metonymously as those who themselves use the word to refer to others, such as in the example of "don't tase me, bro", in which the taserer is not a bro, but the tased is. Oxford also recognized Neil Patrick Harris' character Barney Stinson on the sitcom How I Met Your Mother as "the quintessence of a certain iteration of the contemporary bro," noting how his language uses the word liberally. A survey from NPR's Codeswitch blog named popular figures such as Matthew McConaughey, Brody Jenner, Joe Rogan, Dane Cook, and John Mayer as representative of bro subculture, with Ryan Lochte as their "platonic ideal of bro-dom".
Lacrosse bro (Lax Bro)
Lax bro subculture is defined as a laid-back ("chill") lifestyle associated with lacrosse. The bounds of the subculture are loose, but its character traits include "understated confidence that critics call arrogance", long hair (known as "lettuce"), colorful board shorts, flat-brim baseball hats, and colorful half-calf socks. The bands O.A.R., Dispatch, and Dave Matthews Band are associated with lax bros. Typical lax bro attitude and style are common in middle schools and universities according to a 2012 report in The Boston Globe. Enthusiasts praise the subculture's sense of identity and popularization of a sport indigenous to the United States, while detractors take issue with the "preppie/frat boy image that glories elitism and wealth, and values flash over hard work".
Brogrammer
The phenomenon of the brogrammer sees bro culture take root in the technology industry. The term is almost always applied pejoratively, generally in reference to a workplace culture that undervalues people who do not fit into the bro lifestyle, particularly women. Brogrammer culture can be contrasted with geek culture, which values ability and passion over image.
In 2013, former Microsoft game designer Daniel Cook wrote that the company was responsible for developing the bro subculture within video gaming, explaining that the "Xbox put machismo, ultra-violence and chimpboys with backwards caps in the spotlight. [...] Gamers were handed a pre-packaged group identity via the propaganda machine of a mega corporation." Cook writes that Microsoft has done this in order to distance the Xbox from its console competitors, which were portrayed as "kids platform[s]".
Criticism
Since 2013, the term has been adopted by feminists and the media to refer to a misogynist culture within an organization or community. In a New York Magazine article in September 2013, Ann Friedman wrote: "Bro once meant something specific: a self-absorbed young white guy in board shorts with a taste for cheap beer. But it's become a shorthand for the sort of privileged ignorance that thrives in groups dominated by wealthy, white, straight men." Vox referred to Silicon Valley's "bro culture problem" in its review of Emily Chang's book Brotopia. In 2014 and 2017, Inc published articles using the term in a similarly pejorative manner.
In its coverage of the 2019 Telegramgate scandal, in which investigative journalists published text messages written by the governor of Puerto Rico, The New York Times referred to "an arrogant 'bro' culture of elites who joked about making chumps out of even their own supporters."
See also
Bro Code
Dude
Fratire
Lad culture
References
Adolescence
Drinking culture
Homosociality
Interpersonal relationships
Masculinity
Men in the United States
Men's culture
Men's movement
Pejorative terms for people
Slang terms for men
Social groups
Stereotypes of white Americans
Stereotypes of white men
Subcultures
Youth culture in the United States
Matthew Ling (born 21 April 1999) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the Sydney Swans with the 14th draft pick in the 2017 AFL draft..
After his release from the Swans at the conclusion of the 2021 season, Ling returned to the area he was drafted from to play for the Geelong VFL.
Early football
Ling played for the Geelong Falcons in the NAB League for two seasons, picking up 250 disposals in total for the second season, where he played 14 games. He also played for Vic Country in the AFL Under 18 Championships for the 2017 season.
AFL career
After an injury-plagued first two years which saw Ling limited to just 16 games in the NEAFL for the 2018 and 2019 seasons, Ling debuted in the 8th round of the 2020 AFL season, against the Hawthorn Football Club. Ling picked up 10 disposals, 3 marks and 2 tackles on his debut. Ling was delisted by the Swans at the conclusion of the 2021 season.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of 2021
|- style="background-color: #eaeaea"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2018
| || 19 || 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
| || 19 || 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2020
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 19 || 3 || 0 || 0 || 20 || 6 || 26 || 5 || 2 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 6.7 || 2.0 || 8.7 || 1.7 || 0.7
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2021
| || 19 || 1 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|- style="background:#EAEAEA; font-weight:bold; width:2em"
| scope="row" text-align:center class="sortbottom" colspan=3 | Career
| 4
| 0
| 0
| 20
| 6
| 26
| 5
| 2
| 0.0
| 0.0
| 6.7
| 2.0
| 8.7
| 1.7
| 0.7
|}
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Sydney Swans players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Geelong Falcons players
Sportspeople from Geelong
When I Die, Will I Get Better? is the third studio album from the British post-hardcore band Svalbard. Announced on 7 July 2020, the album was released worldwide on 25 September 2020, through Church Road Records. The album discusses themes of feminism and mental health, with a focus on depression and suicide.
The album was promoted through the release of two singles, "Open Wound" and "Listen to Someone".
Track listing
Reception
When I Die, Will I Get Better? was released to positive reception from critics. Matt Mills of Metal Hammer named it "the most important British metal record of 2020". The music distribution website Bandcamp listed it as the "Album of the Day" on 30 September 2020.
Accolades
References
Further reading
Album Review: Svalbard - 'When I Die, Will I Get Better?'
Hardcore Band Svalbard Interviewed About New Album 'When I Die, Will I Get Better?'
'Listen To Someone': Svalbard tackle depression and mental illness
Album Review: Svalbard – When I Die, Will I Get Better?
Svalbard (band) albums
Black metal albums by British artists
Melodic hardcore albums
2020 albums
Jim Chambers (March 16, 1927 – December 31, 1997) was an award winning halfback who played in the Western Interprovincial Football Union.
A native of Montreal, and a graduate of the Westmount Warriors junior program, Chambers won the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy for Canadian rookie of the year in the west by rushing for 513 yards and an amazing 9.9 yard average for the Edmonton Eskimos in 1951 (coupled with teammate and all-star Normie Kwong).
He played 3 seasons for the Eskimos, rushing for 921 yards and catching 38 passes, but when all-star Rollie Miles joined the team he saw little playing time. He finished his career with the 1954 inaugural BC Lions team, playing 5 games, rushing for 27 yards and catching 4 passes. He died on December 31, 1997 in Toronto, Ontario.
References
External links
1927 births
1997 deaths
Anglophone Quebec people
BC Lions players
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Edmonton Elks players
Players of Canadian football from Quebec
Sportspeople from Montreal
Canadian football running backs
Sondrio Calcio is an Italian football club based in Sondrio, Lombardy. In 2020 the team went bankrupt but was founded again in 2021.
History
Foundation
The club was founded in 1932 as Sondrio Sportiva, in 1985 was renamed Hard Sondrio Calcio and in 1993 Sondrio Calcio.
Due to financial problems, due also to the President's lack of interest, the club officially failed in the summer of 2020. Was founded again in 2021.
Serie D
The team has played in Campionato Interregionale in 1958–1959 season, in Serie D from 1959 to 1966, in Campionato Interregionale from 1981 to 1986 and on 12 September 2014 was admitted in Serie D for the decision of Alta Corte di Giustizia of CONI.
Colors
The club's colors are light blue and white.
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Lombardy
Association football clubs established in 1932
1932 establishments in Italy
Sondrio
The Beijing–Kowloon through train () is an intercity railway service between Hung Hom station (formerly Kowloon station until 1998) in Hong Kong and the Beijing West railway station, jointly operated by the MTRC of Hong Kong and China Railway, China's national rail service. The train runs to Beijing and Hong Kong every other day. Services use the East Rail line in Hong Kong, cross the boundary between Hong Kong and mainland China at Lo Wu and then continue along China's railway network via the Guangshen railway and the Jingguang railway to Beijing. Total journey time is approximately 23 hours, and the train uses 25T class train carriages.
From 28 December 2017, travellers of selected nationalities are able to utilise the 144-hour transit when travelling on this line to or from Beijing, providing that they clear immigration in Beijing.
Carriages
The train operates in two parts, where 11 carriages depart Hong Kong (travelling under number T97B from Beijing and T98B from Hong Kong) with an additional 8 carriages added at Guangzhou East railway station (using number Z97A/Z98A), totalling 19 carriages. Along the route, trains stop at Changsha, Wuhan and Zhengzhou, though only passengers travelling from Guangzhou may disembark due to customs and immigration reasons.
The Hong Kong to Beijing section of the train is divided into three distinct classes – hard sleeper, soft sleeper and luxury soft sleeper (catering only to two persons, with better furnishing and private lavatories). The Guangzhou to Beijing section of the train only have hard sleepers and hard seats.
Dining services are provided by the Guangshen Railway Company. Passengers may choose to buy from carts which are pushed throughout the train at different intervals, or choose to dine in the dining car. The dining car provides a selection of light refreshments, along with two sets of menus (one for breakfast, and one for lunch/dinner) providing a range of cooked, a la carte dishes.
Locomotives
The train changes locomotives once on the way.
Operation
Ticketing
Beijing-bound passengers from Hong Kong may order tickets from an online reservation system operated by the MTR Corporation. The system is limited to the one-way, Hong Kong to Beijing trips only. Ordering of tickets requires extensive registration, including a credit card number, and tickets can only be delivered in the Hong Kong SAR, which makes it impossible for most non-HK resident customers to order. Travellers for Beijing may purchase northbound tickets at a dedicated counter at Hung Hom station, whilst southbound tickets from Beijing to Hong Kong can only be purchased in Beijing or from travel agencies.
Service
Passengers departing from or arriving at Hong Kong can embark or disembark from platforms 5 or 6 of Hung Hom Station, which is restricted to intercity operations. Prior to boarding, passengers must go through Hong Kong immigration counters and cannot exit the restricted area.
Trains use platform 1 of Beijing West railway station, which is connected to the check hall for this particular through train service. Passengers coming from or going to Hong Kong clear Chinese immigration and customs in the hall. The part of the platform between the hall and the passenger cars for Hong Kong is cordoned off
Trains operate from either terminating stations on an alternate schedule, under the following timetable:
See also
Guangzhou–Shenzhen railway
MTR
Beijing–Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong high-speed railway
Shanghai–Kowloon through train
Jingguang Railway
Jingjiu Railway
References
External links
MTRC intercity passenger services
Z
Passenger rail transport in Hong Kong
Rail transport in Beijing
MTR
Luigi Scinti Roger (15 January 1885 – 10 February 1964) was an Italian composer, who emigrated to New York in 1910, and composed music mainly for Italian immigrants in the United States.
Sometimes known as Louis Roger, he was a talented organist, pianist and orchestra leader. He played in several theaters in the United States and Canada including La Sirena Theater, the Verdi Theater and the Naples Garden Theater in Rhode Island and the Columbia Theater in New York. He wrote music for several songs including , and he composed marches, symphonies and musical dramas, among them, , , , .
Biography
Born on the 16th of January 1885 in Santa Maria a Vico, Italy, Luigi Scinti Roger was the son of Baron Tommaso Scinti Roger and Lady Vincenza Petrucci.
He studied music at the San Pietro a Maiella Conservatory in Naples. But he said to be a composer already when he was eleven years old, when he used to be up early on Sundays, singing and playing in several Churches. He was a friend of the famous Italian musician E.A. Mario (real name Giovanni Ermete Gaeta), and also of the famous inventor of the wireless, Guglielmo Marconi. Luigi earned a Certificate of Radio Operator signed by the inventor of wireless, one of the first awarded in this field.
For about 4 years in his youth Luigi travelled on the big liners as a wireless operator, then as chief, but in his free time he liked to play the piano for the ship's passengers. He preferred playing the piano because the wireless work had become monotonous. On one of these trips, Luigi decided not to return to Italy.
In his Document of Request for Certificate of Arrival he declared that he had left Naples in September 1910 and landed in New York from the vessel Duca di Genova. His first American years, at least up to 1914 were spent in Rhode Island. There his first work was as a musician in the local theaters, focal points of entertainment for the Italian immigrant community, and he was Manager of the .
In 1911, in Federal Hill, the Little Italy section of Providence, Rhode Island, Luigi met and married Lucia D'Ambra, a relative of the impresario of “La Sirena Theater”. Their relationship did not last long and in 1914 Luigi moved to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
During the First World War Luigi was leader of the 319th Regimental Band at Camp Lee, Virginia. There he composed music for the troops, including the much loved patriotic song “My Soldier Volunteer”, dedicated to the Homestead boys in Camp Lee.
In Stamford, Connecticut, where he went for a concerto, he met the beautiful soprano Maria Cozza, who he accompanied with his orchestra, and there his courtship began. In 1922 they married. Maria was a talented dramatic soprano with a full rich voice, effective in all registers. She was very proud that her family came from Waterbury, the same town as Rose Ponselle's. After the war he moved from Pennsylvania to Connecticut where he was resident up to 1937. After Luigi moved to New York (Bronx) where he lived up until his death on February 10, 1964.
References
The Bridgeport Post. September 14, 1934
Italian composers
Italian male composers
1964 deaths
1885 births
20th-century Italian male musicians
Ouezzindougou is a small town and seat of the commune of Mandé in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The town lies 17 km southwest of Bamako, the Malian capital, and to the north of the Niger River.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Everett's thrush (Zoothera everetti) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. The name commemorates British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
Distribution and habitat
The thrush is endemic to the island of Borneo where it has been recorded only from the mountains of Sabah and northern Sarawak in eastern Malaysia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Zoothera
Birds of East Malaysia
Endemic birds of Borneo
Birds described in 1892
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gur-e Khar or Gur Khar or Gur-i-Khar () may refer to:
Gur-e Khar, Fars
Gur Khar, Khuzestan
Gurkhar
Easterly Winds is an album by American jazz pianist Jack Wilson featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1967.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine awarded the album 4 stars and stated "Easterly Winds provides an excellent contrast to Jack Wilson's first Blue Note album, Something Personal. Where his label debut was cool and romantic, Easterly Winds is a brassy, funky collection of soul-jazz and hard bop with instant appeal... It's another impressive, enjoyable effort from one of the most underrated pianists on Blue Note's '60s roster".
Track listing
All compositions by Jack Wilson except as noted
"Do It" - 6:25
"On Children" - 5:25
"A Time for Love" (Johnny Mandel) - 5:46
"Easterly Winds" - 5:55
"Nirvanna" - 6:34
"Frank's Tune" (Frank Strozier) - 8:00
Personnel
Jack Wilson - piano
Lee Morgan - trumpet (tracks 1, 2 & 4-6)
Garnett Brown - trombone (tracks 1, 2 & 4-6)
Jackie McLean - alto saxophone (tracks 1, 2 & 4-6)
Bob Cranshaw - bass
Billy Higgins - drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
Jack Wilson (jazz pianist) albums
1968 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Duke Pearson
Gangnam Beauty () is a 2018 South Korean television series starring Im Soo-hyang, Cha Eun-woo, Jo Woo-ri and Kwak Dong-yeon. Based on the webtoon of the same name published in 2016 by Naver WEBTOON, it centers on the life of a college student who went under cosmetic surgery to evade derision from her bullies, yet her decision seems to backfire as her peers ridicule her artificial look. The title of the webtoon and of the TV series alludes to the Korean word gangnammiin (Gangnam beauty), a derogatory term in South Korea for people who are attractive but look as if they went through a number of plastic surgeries for a pretty face, a hot body or both.
The series aired on JTBC from July 27 to September 15, 2018, every Friday and Saturday at 23:00 (KST). It garnered praise for its portrayal of issues affecting South Korean society, particularly on its superficial beauty standards and discrimination on the basis of physical appearance.
Synopsis
Kang Mi-rae (Im Soo-hyang) decides to get plastic surgery after years of being bullied because of her looks. Her "rebirth" seems successful at first, but as her life at the university unfolds, her plan starts to backfire. The pressure of being a "pretty girl" begins to get to her and, worse, those who can see through her surgery ridicule her and tag her as the "Gangnam plastic surgery monster" and as Mi-rae's tries to recover her self-esteem as she gets to know her classmate, and former schoolmate in middle school, Do Kyung-seok (Cha Eun-woo) who is quite cold but very affectionate towards his sister Do Kyung-hee (Kim Ji-min).
Cast
Main
Im Soo-hyang as Kang Mi-rae
Jeon Min-seo as young Kang Mi-rae
A timid and insecure girl who has low self-esteem due to her "ugly" appearance. She desires to live a "normal" life and does not like standing out. After being bullied throughout her middle school and high school, she finally decides to undergo cosmetic surgery prior to starting college. As she enters the university, she starts to feel the pressure of being "beautiful" and "popular" among her peers. She aspires to be a perfumer. A student of Chemistry Department of Korea University Class of 2018.
Cha Eun-woo as Do Kyung-seok
Shin Jun-seop as young Do Kyung-seok
Moon Woo-jin as child Do Kyung-seok
A handsome college student who possesses both intelligence and wealth, but secretly harbors emotional scars from his unhappy home environment. He is indifferent about what others think, thus appearing cold and distant; however, he does have a caring side within him. In particular, he does not care about beauty or physical appearances despite being praised for his good looks. A student of Chemistry Department of Korea University Class of 2018.
Jo Woo-ri as Hyun Soo-ah
Lee Chae-yun as young Hyun Soo-ah
The most popular girl in the chemistry department for her extraordinary natural beauty. She appears pure and kind, but the underlying motives of her actions eventually prove otherwise. She craves attention and adoration, attempting to attain it (or, at times, steal it) with her gentle and innocent persona as she cannot accept the potential for anyone to love other girls more than they admire her. A student of Chemistry Department of Korea University Class of 2018.
Kwak Dong-yeon as Yeon Woo-young
A chemistry graduate and teaching assistant in the chemistry department. He is also Do Kyung-seok's housemate later on. He is popular among the students for his handsome appearance and also his friendly and polite persona. He falls for Kang Mi-rae for her looks but grows to love her personality as they both shares their expertise in perfumes.
Supporting
People around Kang Mi-rae
Woo Hyun as Kang Tae-sik
Kang Mi-rae's father as well as taxi-driver. He is initially against Mi-rae's surgery, but later learns to accept all forms of her.
Kim Sun-hwa as Na Eun-sim
Kang Mi-rae's mother. An insurance planner. She assists Mi-rae in receiving cosmetic surgery without the knowledge of her father.
Min Do-hee as Oh Hyun-jung
A Childhood friend of Kang Mi-rae. A first-year psychology student in Korea University who dreams of being a hip-hop musician. She has a crush on Yeon Woo-young.
People around Do Kyung-seok
Park Joo-mi as Na Hye-sung
Do Kyung-seok's mother and CEO of a cosmetics company. Due to a divorce that resulted from an abusive marriage, she has been separated from her children for years, until she met her son again through Kang Mi-rae.
Park Sung-geun as Do Sang-won
Do Kyung-seok's father as well as a congressman running for mayor. A self-centered and career-oriented man.
Kim Ji-min as Do Kyung-hee
Do Kyung-seok's sister. An internet broadcasting jockey.
Lee Tae-sun as Yoo Jin
Do Kyung-seok's childhood friend. A bar owner.
Chemistry students
Park Yoo-na as Yoo Eun
The freshmen (Class of 2018) representative. Her chic personality makes her popular among the students. She has an innate sense of fairness and takes no sides in any conflict. She encounters Soo-ah in her neighborhood and starts questioning her actual family background.
Jung Seung-hye as Choi Jung-boon
A freshman. A cheerful girl from Busan with a strong accent. She has a crush on Woo-jin.
Jung Hye-rin as Lee Ji-hyo
A freshman who is close friends with Soo-ah. Considered the prettiest in her class after Soo-ah and Mi-rae. She is self-conscious about her physical appearance and what people think of her.
Kim Doh-yon as Jang Won-ho
A freshman. He has a crush on Soo-ah, and treats Kyung-seok as his biggest rival.
Kim Eun-soo as Kim Sung-woon
A freshman. Jung Won-ho's best friend.
Oh Hee-joon as Kim Chan-woo
A student from Class of 2013 is in his third year of repeat studies. He is known as "Master Dog" due to his crude personality. He bullies Mi-rae after she rejected his confession, and develops a crush on Soo-ah. He later gets beat up by Kyung-seok for bullying Mi-rae while Woo-young threatens to ruin his future if he ever does it again.
Ryu Ki-san as Goo Tae-young
A second-year student. President of the student council. He has an indecisive personality and wavers in his decision to date Tae-hee.
Baek Soo-min as Go Ye-na
A sophomore. A student council member in charge of student affairs. She used to be the most popular girl of the Chemistry department till Soo-ah came along. She has a crush on Kyung-seok, but later develops feelings for Jung-ho.
Bae Da-bin as Kwon Yoon-byul
The representative of the sophomores (Class of 2017). Vice president of the student council. She is decisive and responsible, with an honest and blunt personality. Because of her boyish looks, she is popular among women. She later develops a crush on Woo-young, but is rejected.
Lee Ye-rim as Kim Tae-hee
A sophomore. Secretary of the student council. She feels insecure due to her plump body. She likes Tae-young.
Choi Sung-won as Song Jung-ho
A sophomore. A mood maker. He has a crush on Ye-na since the first year. Join the army after his sophomore year.
Seo Ji-hye as Noh Min-a
A sophomore. She likes to gossip.
Kim Il-rin as Yeo-woo
The representative of the third year students (Class of 2016). A superficial person who only cares about physical appearances.
Ham Sung-min as Jung Dong-won
A freshman. He is a motae solo and otaku with a huge presence on the Internet community. He is deluded that Soo-ah likes him.
Kim Min-ha as Sun-mi
A second-year student. She has a great relationship with the juniors.
Others
Jung Myung-hoon as Young-mo
Chief of the National Assembly. Do Sang-won's assistant.
Ji Sang-hyuk as Lee Soo-hyun
Business director of the cosmetics company operated by Nae-seong.
Ha Kyung as Yong Chul
Mi-rae's middle school crush who brutally rejected her, mostly due to her physical appearance.
Yoo In-soo as Park Rae-sun
Cha Bo-sung as Ye Joon, a freshman (Ep. 2-3)
Special appearances
Lee Young-ae
Um Hong-gil
Ahn Sang-tae as Taxi passenger
Junoflo
Jeon Jin-ki as Priest
Yoon Bo-ra
Tiger JK
Bizzy
Han Hyun-min
Abhishek Gupta
Production
The series is written by Choi Soo-young (Cunning Single Lady, 2014).
The first script reading took place on May 30, 2018 at JTBC building in Sangam-dong, Seoul, South Korea.
Reception
The series garnered much praise for its cryptic portrayal of the main character's childhood. Viewers applauded director Choi for his thoughtful representation of the characters.
The series was a commercial success and garnered critical praise for asking questions about the emphasis that society places on appearances and about the true meaning of happiness and beauty.
The cast and staff of the drama went on a reward vacation to Cebu, Philippines for 4 nights and 5 days on October 19, 2018.
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
Part 7
Part 8
Part 9
Viewership
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
2018 South Korean television series debuts
2018 South Korean television series endings
Korean-language television shows
South Korean romantic comedy television series
JTBC television dramas
Television shows based on South Korean webtoons
2010s college television series
South Korean college television series
Kalimanići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 181 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Top Notch is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Fairfield in Herkimer County, southeast of Fairfield.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The Convergence for Renewal and Citizenship (Convergence pour le renouveau et la citoyenneté) is a political party in Senegal.
At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007, the party won 1.78% of the popular vote and 1 out of 150 seats.
References
Political parties in Senegal
Ilkka Pikkarainen (born April 19, 1981 in Sonkajärvi, Finland) is a Finnish ice hockey right winger who last played for IPK in Mestis. Most of his career has been spent in the Finnish Liiga, though he also played 31 games in the National Hockey League with the New Jersey Devils during the 2009–10 season.
Career
Pikkarainen began his professional career in the SM-liiga with HIFK at the end of the 2000–01 season. He played there for two full seasons and was drafted by the New Jersey Devils in the seventh round of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, 218th overall. Pikkarainen came over to North America to play for the Albany River Rats, the Devils' American Hockey League affiliate, starting in the 2003–04 season. After playing in the AHL for three seasons, Pikkarainen returned to play with HIFK for the 2008–09 season, where he played in 54 games and scored 24 goals, leading the team.
The Devils re-signed Pikkarainen at age 28 on July 2, 2009, intending to keep him on the NHL roster. After missing the Devils' first game of the 2009–10 season with the stomach flu, Pikkarainen made his NHL debut on October 5 against the New York Rangers, and later scored his first NHL goal against the Montreal Canadiens on December 16, 2009. In January 2010, Pikkarainen cleared waivers to play in the KHL for CSKA Moscow after the Devils had decided that he was unable to fully adjust to the NHL style, partially due to health reasons.
In May 2010, Ilkka signed with Timrå IK in Sweden.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Albany River Rats players
HC CSKA Moscow players
Expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Finnish expatriate ice hockey people
Finnish ice hockey right wingers
HC TPS players
HIFK (ice hockey) players
Iisalmen Peli-Karhut players
KalPa players
Lahti Pelicans players
New Jersey Devils draft picks
New Jersey Devils players
People from Sonkajärvi
Ravensburg Towerstars players
Timrå IK players
Sportspeople from North Savo
Kristen Øyen (born 14 May 1938) is a Norwegian forester.
He was born in Jostedal, and graduated from the Norwegian College of Agriculture in 1964. From 1984 to 2001 he was the director of the Norwegian Institute of Land Inventory. In 2006 he released a work on the history of the Norwegian Institute of Land Inventory: Kartlegginga av Noregs grøne gull.
References
1938 births
Living people
People from Luster, Norway
Norwegian foresters
Directors of government agencies of Norway
Norwegian non-fiction writers
Norwegian College of Agriculture alumni
is a Japanese former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1955 births
Living people
Japanese male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Japan
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
20th-century Japanese people
The 2014 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women Division C was the 9th edition of the Division C of the FIBA U18 Women's European Championship, the third tier of the European women's under-18 basketball championship. It was played in Andorra la Vella, Andorra, from 22 to 27 July 2014. Cyprus women's national under-18 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
First round
Group A
Group B
Playoffs
Final standings
References
2014
2014–15 in European women's basketball
FIBA U18
Sports competitions in Andorra la Vella
FIBA
Glory by Honor XII was the 12th Glory By Honor professional wrestling event produced by Ring of Honor (ROH). It took place on October 26, 2013, at the Frontier Fieldhouse in Chicago Ridge, Illinois. It was not aired live but it was taped for three episodes of Ring of Honor Wrestling.
Background
Glory by Honor XII featured seven professional wrestling matches, which involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots, and storylines that played out on ROH's television programs. Wrestlers portrayed villains or heroes as they followed a series of events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.
The main event was titled a champion vs. All Stars match, where by if any of the Star team members pinned Adam Cole they will receive a future ROH World Championship title shot. Subsequently, Michael Elgin pinned Cole to win the match for his team.
Results
References
External links
Ring of Honor's official website
2013 in professional wrestling
Professional wrestling in the Chicago metropolitan area
2010s in Chicago
2013 in Illinois
Events in Chicago
12
Dr. Navalar Nedunchezhiyan College of Engineering is a part of Arumugham Group Of Institutions, a social initiative of Arumuga Mudhaliar Sornam Educational Trust, Tittagudi.
History
The college was founded in 1995 by 'Kalvi Kavalar' Thiru.A.Krishnasuwami,M.A.,B.Ed. The chairman of this college is Lion.K.Raja Piradhapan,B.Sc.
Location
It is located west of Vaidhiyanathapuram on Chennai–Trichy National Highway (NH - 45). Vaidhiyanathapuram is south of Chennai and north of Trichy.
Accreditation and certification
This college has been approved by the AICTE and affiliated with Anna University.
Academic departments
B.E - Civil Engineering
B.E – Mechanical Engineering
B.E – Electrical and Electronics Engineering
B.E – Electronics and Communication Engineering
B.E – Computer Science and Engineering
Sister institutions
Sree Arumugam Polytechnic College, Vaidhiyanathapuram
Sree Arumugam Arts and Science College], Vaidhiyanathapuram
Sree Arumugham College of Education, Vaidhiyanathapuram
Sree Arumugam Teacher Training Institute, Vaidhiyanathapuram
Sree Renga Teacher Training Institute, Vaidhiyanathapuram
Dr. Navalar Nedunchezhiyan Matric (Hr.Sec) School, Tittakudi
References
Private engineering colleges in Tamil Nadu
Colleges affiliated to Anna University
Education in Cuddalore district
Educational institutions established in 1995
1995 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Cinema Insomnia is a nationally syndicated American television series presented by horror host Mr. Lobo.
Format
Typically, Mr. Lobo opens each episode by promising to screen a well-known horror or science fiction classic (such as Creature from the Black Lagoon or Alien); however budgetary limitations, acts of God or other circumstances invariably force him to show a much lower quality movie (such as Starcrash or Santa Claus Conquers The Martians).
Unlike the various hosts and robots of Mystery Science Theater 3000, Mr. Lobo does not appear while the movie is playing; instead he appears in brief vignettes in between segments of the movie. Also included are fake commercials (one such was for "Rad Abrams – Skateboard Attorney"), old movie trailers, classic commercials, and footage and interviews shot at horror conventions, science fiction conventions, and film festivals across the country.
Characters
Mr. Lobo always appears on screen with a "70's professional" haircut, wearing "birth control" glasses and a black suit and tie. He acts as a spectral narrator broadcasting from a black void and his only connections to reality are the B-movies he presents. Mr. Lobo has often described himself by saying, "Imagine if you gave Rod Serling's job to someone who is totally incompetent."
Mr. Lobo often has one-sided conversations with Miss Mittens, a houseplant.
Recurring characters
Artie-Deco (Hardware Wars)
Astra Naughty
Chewchilla the Wookie Monster (Hardware Wars)
Dr. Bling Bling
Dr. Loco
Ernie Fosselius
François Fly (Fly By Night Theater)
Lady Skank'nstein (The Horror House of Lady Skank'nstein)
Megafant
Movie Sniffing Tie
Naughty Nurse Batty
Prime-8
Puddles the Super Turtle
Ro-man (Robot Monster)
Robot Seven D 4
Slob Zombie
Super Argo
The Incredibly Strange Creatures (Band)
The Robot Monsters (Band)
The Louisiana Klingons (Trekkies)
The Phantom of Krankor (Prince of Space)
The Queen of Trash
Will the Thrill (Thrillville)
Young Mr. Lobo
Episodes
Broadcast history
Cinema Insomnia began in 2001 when showrunner Mr Lobo was working for KXTV ABC News10 in Sacramento. Inspired by Creature Features horror host Bob Wilkins, Lobo suggested a filler segment for the station's late night 3am movie which ran twenty minutes short. KXTV immediately picked up the show upon submission of the pilot episode. Cinema Insmonia ran for 22 episodes (2001–2002) before the show was put on permanent hiatus. The second version of the show was made for local community television Access Sacramento, and ran for one year on Comcast Channel 17 and 18. This version of the show was also distributed to public-access television cable TV stations across the country via the Horror Host Underground. From 2003 to 2008 Cinema Insomnia was nationally syndicated airing on broadcast stations across the country. In 2008 Apprehensive Films, an indie distribution label, signed the show to release exclusive Cinema Insomnia DVDs. In 2009, Apprehensive Films took over the television distribution of the show as well, which resulted in re-licensing the show to AMGTV.
Cinema Insomnia has aired weekly on over 34 broadcast stations including KXTV ABC News10 (Sacramento, Stockton, Modesto, California), KEJB 43 (Louisiana), KTEH 54 (San Jose, Oakland, San Francisco), WOTH (Cincinnati), and WAOH-LP (Cleveland). It also is shown on hundreds of cable systems via MavTV (national), MATA14 (Wisconsin), Cox 71 (Virginia) and Cox 99 (Indiana).
It is delivered to independent stations via various outlets PMI, Access Media Group, and AMGTV. Several episodes are also available for download on the Internet via BitTorrent as well as on CinemaInsomnia.com. The 2006 Cinema Insomnia Halloween Special was delivered to 45 million households.
A Kickstarter project called "Cinema Insomnia 10-Year Anniversary" was started to help fund $10,000 for the new season to give each episode an additional $384 to help pay for cast and crew as well as other expenses. On December 18, 2010, $11,140 had been raised.
The first film of the 2011–2012 season was Venus Flytrap, it premiered on October 31, 2011. This was followed by Deep Red and War of the Planets which was co-hosted by Northern California horror host legend, John Stanley. A retro version of the show called Insomniac Theater featured the film The Atomic Brain and the Christmas special was the original The Little Shop of Horrors.
On October 30, 2015, Mister Lobo launched OSI74 (Outer Space International), a web television service available on Roku. Since then, Cinema Insomnia has aired 90 episodes over 5 seasons on OSI-74.
Live shows
On August 19, 2006, Cinema Insomnia presented Day of the Triffids Live on KTEH, San Jose, CA.
On August 14, 2010, Cinema Insomnia had their first broadcast taping at the Guild Theater in Sacramento in front of a live audience. The film that was presented was The Undertaker and His Pals. Due to the graphic nature of the film, everyone was given a 'Barf-O-Vision' Audience Sickness Bag.
On June 8, 2019, Cinema Insomnia hosted 2 live shows at the Bal Theater in San Leandro, California. The matinee performance was the film Teenagers From Outer Space and the evening performance was Bride of the Monster. These live shows marked the first new appearances in many years of Cinema Insomnia mainstays Rad Abrams: Skateboard Attorney & "The Queen of Trash" Sara Dunn. The Live Shows were later broadcast on Mister Lobo's streaming channel OSI-74.
Online availability
Livestream
In 2010, Cinema Insomnia episodes began streaming on Livestream.
On July 28, 2021, Mister Lobo ran a 10-day long live marathon of every episode of Cinema Insomnia on the official Cinema Insomnia Twitch channel.
YouTube
In August 2012, Cinema Insomnia's official YouTube channel was terminated due to multiple third-party claims of copyright infringement which came from "dubious sources."
Lobovision
In September 2012, a new service to stream Cinema Insomnia videos called Lobovision was made available starting with the episodes House on Haunted Hill and Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome.
In June 2013, Lobovision was redesigned with a new layout and look.
Roku
In October 2012, Cinema Insomnia debuted on the new Roku horror channel Zom-Bee TV. Zom-Bee TV aired the first HD Cinema Insomnia episode with the 2009 film Maxwell Stein.
OSI 74
Episodes of Cinema Insomnia now air on OSI 74, an online TV channel run by Outer Space International, Mr. Lobo's distribution network featuring "unusual, experimental, and entertaining programs from many different creative worlds". OSI 74 launched on October 30, 2015 on Roku. Cinema Insomnia episodes are also available on OSI74.com.
Slime Line
In 2010, Apprehensive Films introduced a new line of Cinema Insomnia DVDs called the Slime Line. The Slime Line DVDs feature brand-new audio mixes, new retro film-clips, coming attractions for classic B-movie and new indies. The Slime Line DVDs also contain Slime Points which can be collected and mailed into Apprehensive Films for select prizes. Apprehensive Films has also licensed episodes Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome, Gappa: Monsters From a Prehistoric Planet, In Search of Ancient Astronauts, Super Wheels, and Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet to Amazon Video on Demand.
List of Slime Line edition DVDs
Bigfoot: Mysterious Monster
Carnival of Souls
Cinema Insomnia Halloween Special
Creature
Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome
Eegah
First Spaceship on Venus
Gamera: Super Monster
Gappa: Monsters From a Prehistoric Planet
In Search of Ancient Astronauts
Night of the Living Dead
Santa Claus Conquers the Martians
Super Wheels
Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet
The Wasp Woman
Alpha Video
In September 2019, Alpha Video announced the first three of ten newly remastered Cinema Insomnia volumes to be released on DVD, September 17, 2019.
Twenty additional volumes have been released as of mid 2021.
List of Alpha Video DVDs
Cinema Insomnia: 2014 Haunted House Special
Bob Wilkins: The Lost Tapes, a new extended release of the 2002 Bob Wilkins Halloween Special
Eegah!
Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome
Monster from a Prehistoric Planet
Santa Claus Conquers the Martians
The Screaming Skull
The Brain That Wouldn't Die
Horrors of Spider Island
The Wasp Woman
A Hard Day's Nightmare
House on Haunted Hill
Teenagers from Outer Space: Live!
Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet
Mark of the Damned
Xenia: Priestess of Night
Midget Zombie Takeover
Carnival of Souls
Night of the Living Dead
Bloodsuckers of the Atomic Swamp
American Werewolf in the Philippines
War of the Planets
War of the Robots
In popular culture
In the first episode "Beware The Beast from Below" of the 2010 animated series Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated, the unmasked villain Professor Emmanuel Raffalo is inspired by the horror host Mr. Lobo.
References
External links
American horror fiction television series
2010s American television series
2001 American television series debuts
Horror hosts
American horror television films
Midnight movie television series
American motion picture television series
English-language television shows
Carroll-Camden Industrial Area is a neighborhood in southwest Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Southwest Baltimore
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is a 1953 American musical comedy film based on the 1949 stage musical of the same name. It was directed by Howard Hawks and stars Jane Russell and Marilyn Monroe, with Charles Coburn, Elliott Reid, Tommy Noonan, George Winslow, Taylor Holmes and Norma Varden in supporting roles.
The film is filled with comedic situations and musical numbers, choreographed by Jack Cole, while the music was written by Hoagy Carmichael, Harold Adamson, Jule Styne and Leo Robin. The songs by Styne and Robin are from the Broadway show, while the songs by Carmichael and Adamson were written especially for the film. Despite the film's title, Monroe was paid her usual contract salary of $500 a week, while Russell, the better known actress at the time, earned $200,000.
While Russell's down-to-earth, sharp wit has been observed by most critics, it was Monroe's turn as the gold-digging Lorelei Lee for which the film is often remembered. Monroe's rendition of the song "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend" and her pink dress are considered iconic, and the performance has inspired homages by Madonna, Beyoncé, Geri Halliwell, Kylie Minogue, Nicole Kidman, Margot Robbie, Anna Nicole Smith, Christina Aguilera, Ariana Grande, Rachel Bloom, and Miss Piggy.
Plot
Lorelei Lee (Marilyn Monroe) and Dorothy Shaw (Jane Russell) are American showgirls and best friends, although the two are very different. Lorelei thinks more of a man's financial wealth and likes men who can support her passion for diamonds, like her fiancé, Gus, who can provide all of her financial "needs". Dorothy prefers men who are good-looking and fit and doesn't care about their wealth.
Lorelei plans to wed Gus in France, but the two are forbidden to travel together by Gus's strict father, Esmond Sr., who despises Lorelei. Lorelei decides to travel to France with or without Gus, and before she leaves he gives her a letter of credit to cover expenses upon her arrival, and promises to later meet her in France. However, he also warns her to behave, noting that his father will prohibit their marriage if rumors of misdeeds make their way to Esmond Sr. Unbeknownst to both of them, Esmond Sr. has hired a private detective, Ernie Malone, to spy on Lorelei.
During the Atlantic crossing, Malone immediately falls in love with Dorothy, but Dorothy has already been drawn to the members of the (male-only) Olympic athletics team. Lorelei meets the rich and foolish Sir Francis "Piggy" Beekman, the owner of a diamond mine, and is attracted by his wealth; although Piggy is married, Lorelei naively returns his geriatric flirtations, which annoys his wife, Lady Beekman.
Lorelei invites Piggy to the cabin she shares with Dorothy, whereupon he recounts his travels to Africa. While Piggy demonstrates how a python squeezes a goat by hugging Lorelei, Malone spies on them through the window and takes pictures of the two, but is caught by Dorothy as he walks away nonchalantly. She tells Lorelei, who fears for her reputation. They come up with a scheme to intoxicate Malone and then search him to recover the incriminating film while he is unconscious. They find the film in his pants, and Lorelei promptly prints and hides the negatives. Revealing her success to Piggy, she persuades him to give her Lady Beekman's tiara as a thank-you gift. However, Malone reveals he had planted a recording device in Lorelei's cabin, and has heard her discussion with Piggy about the pictures and the tiara. Malone implies that Lorelei is a golddigger and, when Dorothy scolds him for his actions, admits that he himself is a liar. However, Dorothy reveals to Lorelei she is falling for Malone, after which Lorelei chastises her for choosing a poor man when she could easily have a rich one.
The ship arrives in France, and Lorelei and Dorothy spend time shopping. However, the pair discover that Lorelei's letter of credit has been cancelled and are then kicked out of their hotel due to the information Malone shared with Esmond Sr. The duo are forced to find work as showgirls in Paris, headlining a lavish revue. When Gus shows up at their show, Lorelei rebuffs him, after which she performs Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend, the musical number whose lyrics explain why and how women need to pursue men with money. Meanwhile, Lady Beekman has filed charges regarding her missing tiara, and Lorelei is arraigned for theft. Dorothy persuades Lorelei to return the tiara, but the pair discover it is missing from her jewelry box. Piggy tries to weasel out of his part in the affair when Malone catches him at the airport.
Dorothy stalls for time in court by pretending to be Lorelei, disguised in a blonde wig and mimicking her friend's breathy voice and mannerisms. When Malone appears in court and is about to unmask "Lorelei" as Dorothy, she reveals to Malone in covert language that she, Dorothy, loves him but would never forgive him if he were to do anything to hurt her best friend, Lorelei. Malone withdraws his comments, but then reveals Piggy has the tiara, exonerating Lorelei.
Back at the nightclub, Lorelei impresses Esmond Sr. with a speech on the subject of paternal money, and also makes an argument that if Esmond Sr. had a daughter instead of a son, he would want the best for her, to which he agrees and consents to his son's marriage to Lorelei. The film closes with a double wedding for Lorelei and Dorothy, who marry Gus and Malone, respectively.
Cast
Production
Although Hawks is credited as the sole director of the film, Russell and assistant choreographer Gwen Verdon contend that Monroe's iconic musical number, "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend", was actually directed by choreographer Cole. Russell said, "Howard Hawks had nothing to do with the musical numbers. He was not even there." Hawks himself confirmed as much in an interview with author Joseph McBride, "I did a musical called Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, and I didn't do the production numbers. I didn't have any desire to." According to Monroe's last interview before her death, Russell was paid $200,000 for the film, while Monroe was paid her then usual $500-per-week salary.
Reception
Box office
The film earned $5.3 million at the box office worldwide, and was the seventh highest-grossing film of 1953, with $5.1 million grossed in North America, while Monroe's next feature, How to Marry a Millionaire, was the fourth-highest.
Critical reception
The film received positive reviews from critics. Monroe and Russell were both praised for their performances as Lorelei and Dorothy even among those critics who were not otherwise impressed by the film; the characters have entered pop culture. Bosley Crowther of The New York Times called Howard Hawks' direction "uncomfortably cloddish and slow" and found the gags for Russell "devoid of character or charm," but concluded, "And yet, there is that about Miss Russell and also about Miss Monroe that keeps you looking at them even when they have little or nothing to do." Variety wrote that Hawks "maintains a racy air that brings the musical off excellently at a pace that helps cloak the fact that it's rather lightweight, but sexy, stuff. However, not much more is needed when patrons can look at Russell-Monroe lines as displayed in slick costumes and Technicolor." Harrison's Reports wrote: "Both Jane Russell and Marilyn Monroe are nothing short of sensational in the leading roles. They not only act well, but the sexy manner in which they display their song, dance and pulchritude values just about sets the screen on fire and certainly is crowd-pleasing, judging by the thunderous applause at the preview after each of the well-staged musical numbers." John McCarten of The New Yorker wrote that the two leads "have a good deal of enthusiasm, and occasionally their exuberance offsets the tedium of one long series of variations on the sort of anatomical joke that used to amuse the customers of Minsky so inordinately." Britain's Monthly Film Bulletin praised Jane Russell for her "enjoyable Dorothy, full of gusto and good nature," but thought that the film had been compromised from the play "by the casting of Marilyn Monroe, by the abandonment of the 20s period and the incongruous up-to-date streamlining, by inflating some bright, witty songs into lavish production numbers, and by tamely ending the whole thing by letting two true loves conventionally come true. There is too, a lack of grasp in Howard Hawks' handling, which is scrappy and uninventive."
On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 98% based on 41 reviews, with an average rating of 7.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Anchored by Marilyn Monroe and Jane Russell's sparkling magnetism, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is a delightfully entertaining 1950s musical." German film director Rainer Werner Fassbinder declared it one of the ten best films ever made.
Recent criticism has noted the film is groundbreaking for its depiction of female friendships and agency. Writing for Bust magazine, Samantha Mann wrote, “Throughout the entire film, the main characters Lorelei (Marilyn Monroe) and Dorothy (Jane Russell) display consistent loyalty to one another. There is no back-stabbing, shit-talking, or degrading one another to come out on top or gain the affection of a man. The women remain steadfast in their loyalty to one another, and tolerate no one speaking ill of the other. Providing support and comfort to one another takes priority over finding ways to secure their desired men.” Caroline Siede of The A.V. Club wrote the story may appear to be a “90-minute misogynistic punchline about the desperate schemes of two devious social-climbing showgirls, ditzy Lorelei Lee (Monroe) and witty man-eater Dorothy Shaw (Jane Russell). Thankfully, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is quite the opposite. It's a cheeky social satire about gender and class that doubles as a celebration of female ingenuity and solidarity, all glammed up in a ballgown and diamonds.”
Accolades
Monroe and Russell were accorded the honor of putting their hand and footprints in cement in the forecourt of Grauman's Chinese Theatre, a spectacle that got a lot of publicity for both actresses and for the film.
See also
Gentlemen Marry Brunettes, a 1955 musical film based on But Gentlemen Marry Brunettes starring Russell and Jeanne Crain playing completely new characters
References
External links
Blondes Prefer Gentlemen - (1961 US Navy training film)
1953 musical comedy films
1953 romantic comedy films
1950s English-language films
1950s satirical films
1950s sex comedy films
1953 films
20th Century Fox films
American musical comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American romantic musical films
American satirical films
American sex comedy films
1950s feminist films
1950s female buddy films
Films based on American novels
Films based on musicals
Films based on romance novels
Films directed by Howard Hawks
Films set on ships
Films scored by Lionel Newman
Films with screenplays by Charles Lederer
Films produced by Sol C. Siegel
1950s American films
Wester Aberchalder is a small village, situated on the south shore of Loch Mhòr, lying on the Aberchalder Burn, which flows into the loch, in Gorthleck, Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. The village of Easter Aberchalder lies approximately one mile to the 0.5 miles to the east.
References
Populated places in Inverness committee area
Racine Nunatak is a nunatak, 960 m, located 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of the lower part of Reedy Glacier and 7 nautical miles (13 km) east-southeast of Berry Peaks. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Edward J. Racine, a member of the crew of the icebreaker Eastwind in Operation Deep Freeze 1967.
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
This is a summary of the year 2016 in British music.
Events
10 January – Rock icon David Bowie passes away of liver cancer, two days after the release of his final album; Bowie's illness had not been disclosed to the public until his death. Having stipulated that he did not want a funeral ceremony, Bowie is cremated two days later in New Jersey, USA, with arrangements for his ashes to be scattered in accordance with Buddhist rituals on the island of Bali.
13 January – Chetham's School of Music announces the appointment of Alun Jones as its new Head, effective September 2016.
28 January – Wigmore Hall live-streams performances for the first time.
4 February – The City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra announces the appointment of Mirga Gražinytė-Tyla as its next music director, effective September 2016, with an initial contract of 3 years. She is the first female conductor to be named music director of the CBSO.
19 February – The Royal Philharmonic Society announces Sir Peter Maxwell Davies as the recipient of its 102nd Gold Medal.
24 February – The 2016 Brit Awards ceremony takes place at The O2, presented by Ant & Dec. David Bowie is awarded the "Brits Icon" award, a few weeks after his death. Actor Gary Oldman accepts the award on Bowie's behalf.
2 March – The Bridgewater Hall announces the appointment of Andrew Bolt as its new chief executive.
21 March – The Gloucester Cathedral Choir announces that it is to recruit girl choristers for the first time in its history, in April 2016.
22 March – Mark Wigglesworth announces his resignation as music director of English National Opera, effective at the end of the 2015–2016 season.
18 April – The Royal Northern College of Music announces the appointment of Sir John Tomlinson as its next president, for a term of 5 years, effective January 2017.
23 April – The London Woodwind Orchestra, the first professional woodwind orchestra in the UK, gives its debut performance at St John's Smith Square.
29 April – English National Opera announces the appointment of Daniel Kramer as its next artistic director, effective 1 August 2016.
12 May – The Stone Roses release their first new single in 21 years, "All For One", their first new material since their 2011 reformation.
14 May – The United Kingdom will compete in the final of this year's Eurovision Song Contest in Stockholm, Sweden. This year's Joe and Jake will represent the United Kingdom with their song, You're Not Alone
15 May – Sheku Kanneh-Mason wins the 2016 BBC Young Musician of the Year award.
10–12 June – Download Festival 2016 takes place at Donington Park in Leicestershire. The Lemmy stage (named in honour of late Motörhead frontman Lemmy Kilmister) was headlined by Rammstein, Black Sabbath and Iron Maiden, the Zippo encore stage by All-Time Low, NOFX and Jane's Addiction, the Maverick stage by the Gutterdämmerung project by Bjorn Tagemose, Pennywise and Saxon, and the Dogtooth stage by Raging Speedhorn, Municipal Waste and Napalm Death.
12 June – Queen's Birthday Honours
Rod Stewart is made a Knight Bachelor.
Alison Balsom is awarded an Order of the British Empire (OBE).
Brian Lang, Colin Lawson, Paul Lewis, John McLeod are each made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
13 June – The Royal Albert Hall announces that Chris Cotton, its current chief executive, is to retire.
24 June – Never heard during the composer's lifetime, Still Point by Daphne Oram receives its world premiere at St John's Smith Square, London, 67 years after Oram composed the work.
11 July – Release of Stand As One – Live at Glastonbury 2016, an album of live performances from the 2016 Glastonbury Festival in memory of Jo Cox, the MP recently killed in a violent attack; proceeds from the album will go towards helping Oxfam's work with refugees, Cox having worked for the charity for some years.
13 July – The Guildhall School of Music and Drama announces the appointment of Lynne Williams as its next principal, effective in 2017.
2 August – The BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra announces the appointment of Dominic Parker as its new Director, in succession to Gavin Reid.
12 September – The Royal Opera House, Covent Garden announces the appointment of Oliver Mears as its next Director of Opera, effective March 2017.
8 October – The Wind in the Willows, a musical by Julian Fellowes with music and lyrics by George Stiles and Anthony Drewe, receives its world première at the Theatre Royal, Plymouth.
16 October – Singer-songwriter Peter Skellern, suffering from an inoperable brain tumour, is ordained as an Anglican priest by the Bishop of Truro.
21 October – English National Opera announces the appointment of Martyn Brabbins as its new music director, with immediate effect, with an initial contract through October 2020.
24 October – The Royal Albert Hall announces the appointment of Craig Hassall as its next chief executive, effective 2017.
4 November – The UK government announced withdrawal of funding support for the proposed new London Concert Hall.
7 December – Northern Ireland Opera announces the appointment of Walter Sutcliffe as its next artistic director, effective February 2017.
13 December – The Queen's Hall, Edinburgh announces that its chief executive, Adrian Harris, is to retire at the end of December 2016.
30 December – New Year's Honours 2017
Dame Evelyn Glennie is made a Companion of Honour.
Ray Davies, Jeffrey Tate and Bryn Terfel are each made a Knight Bachelor.
Lennox Mackenzie and Stephen Maddock are each made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire.
Iestyn Davies and Anthony Forbes are each made a Member of the Order of the British Empire.
Television series
8 January – Launch of the first series of Lip Sync Battle: UK on Channel 5, a British version of the American musical comedy television show where celebrities lip sync battle each other to various popular songs.
9 January – Launch of the fifth series of The Voice UK, the last to be broadcast by the BBC.
Artists and groups reformed
Arab Strap
Bentley Rhythm Ace
Meet Me in St. Louis
Spice Girls – GEM
Super Furry Animals
The Vapors
The Zutons
Groups on hiatus
Bombay Bicycle Club
One Direction
Groups disbanded
Allo Darlin'
The Bad Shepherds
Bolt Thrower
The Business
Cherry Ghost
Dead or Alive
Funeral for a Friend
FVK
The Enemy
Kosheen
Lush
Maybeshewill
Palma Violets
Viola Beach (all lost their lives in a road accident)
Vondelpark
Wodensthrone
Classical works
Julian Anderson – Incantesimi
Sally Beamish
Chaconne (for organ)
A Shakespeare Masque (text by Carol Ann Duffy)
Luke Bedford
Three Caves
In Black Bright Ink
Judith Bingham – The Orchid and Its Hunters
Harrison Birtwistle – Five Lessons in a Frame
Mark David Boden – Ghyll
Charlotte Bray
Agnus Dei
Stone Dancer
Falling in the Fire (for cello and orchestra)
Diana Burrell – Concerto for Brass and Orchestra
Paul Carr – Violin Concerto
Chiu-yu Chou – Tongue
Desmond Clarke
Viola Concerto
Xyla
Anna Clyne – This Lunar Beauty
Ronald Corp – "Behold, the sea"
Tom Coult
Sonnet Machine
Spirit of the Staircase
Laurence Crane – Cobbled Section After Cobbled Section
Stephen Deazley (music) and Martin Riley (text) – The Rattler
James Dillon – The Gates for string quartet and orchestra
Richard Emsley – Strange Attractor
Edmund Finnis – Parallel Colour
Alissa Firsova
Paradisi Gloria
Bride of the Wind
Cheryl Frances-Hoad – Game On (for piano and Commodore 64)
Michael Zev Gordon – In the Middle of Things
Tom Harrold
Nightfires
Raze
Malcolm Hayes – Violin Concerto
Morgan Hayes – Overture: The Kiss
Piers Hellawell – Wild Flow
Thomas Hyde – Piano Trio: after Picasso
Patrick John Jones – Locks of the approaching storm
Mica Levi – Signal Before War
Zoë Martlew – Broad St. Burlesque
Christian Mason – Isolarion III
Benedict Mason – Horns Strings and Harmony
David Matthews – Norfolk March
Bayan Northcott – Concerto for Orchestra
Ben Palmer – Flying in the Fire
Roxanna Panufnik – Kyrie after Byrd
Owain Park – Upheld by stillness
Aaron Parker – After sunset fades
Anthony Payne – Of Land, Sea and Sky
Joseph Phibbs – Partita
John Pickard – Symphony No 5
Michael Pisaro – fields have ears (10)
Sophya Polevaya – Carousel
Francis Pott – Laudate Dominum
John Powell – A Prussian Requiem
Alwynne Pritchard – Rockaby
Ryan Probert – Mattei
Derek Rodgers – Clarinet Concerto
Matt Rogers – We Happened to Travel
David Sawer – April\March
Frederick Scott – Toccata seconda
Percy Sherwood – Concerto for violin and cello
Howard Skempton – Piano Concerto
Mark-Anthony Turnage – Strapless (ballet in one act, choreography by Christopher Wheeldon)
Roderick Williams – Ave verum corpus re-imagined
Scott Wilson – head-neck-chest-four-five-six-thing
John Woolrich – Swan Song
Opera
Figaro Gets a Divorce by Elena Langer (libretto by David Pountney) is premièred on 21 February 2016 by Welsh National Opera in Cardiff.
Found and Lost by Emily Hall is premièred at the Corinthia Hotel London in January 2016.
Other premieres:
Thomas Adès and Tom Cairns – The Exterminating Angel
Iain Bell (music), David Antrobus and Emma Jenkins (libretto) – In Parenthesis
David Bruce and Glyn Maxwell – Nothing
Nicholas Jackson – The Rose and the Ring
Hannah Kendall and Tessa McWatt – The Knife of Dawn
Stuart MacRae and Louise Welsh – The Devil Inside
Sir Peter Maxwell Davies – The Hogboon
Mark Simpson and Melanie Challenger – Pleasure
Philip Venables – 4.48 Psychosis
Musical theatre
Fantastic Mr Fox by Sam Holcroft, with music by Arthur Darvill.
Half a Sixpence, co-created by Cameron Mackintosh with book by Julian Fellowes and music and lyrics by George Stiles and Anthony Drewe (also including several songs by David Heneker from the 1963 musical based on the same story.
The Wind in the Willows by Julian Fellowes, with music and lyrics by George Stiles and Anthony Drewe
Musical films
Sing Street
Film scores and incidental music
Film
Erran Baron Cohen & David Buckley – Grimsby
Charlie Mole – Dad's Army
Rachel Portman – Their Finest
Television
Debbie Wiseman – Dickensian
British music awards
Brit Awards – see 2016 Brit Awards
Charts and sales
For the first time in the history of the singles chart, the top three positions were occupied by the same artist. In the chart ending 14 January 2016, Justin Bieber was at number one with "Love Yourself", number two with "Sorry" and number three with "What Do You Mean?".
In the chart ending 4 February, David Bowie matched an album chart record of having 12 albums simultaneously in the top 40, a record set by Elvis Presley following his death in 1977. His album Best of Bowie also became the first ever album to reach number one due to streaming.
In the chart ending 3 November, Elvis Presley broke a record for most number-one albums for a solo artist when his album The Wonder Of You reached number one.
Number-one singles
The singles chart includes a proportion for streaming.
Number-one albums
The albums chart includes a proportion for streaming.
Number-one compilation albums
Best-selling singles
Best-selling albums
Notes:
Deaths
4 January – Robert Stigwood, Australian-born band manager (Bee Gees, Cream) and film producer (Grease, Saturday Night Fever), 81 (death announced on this date)
10 January – David Bowie, singer-songwriter and actor, 69
17 January – Dale Griffin, drummer (Mott the Hoople), 67 (Alzheimer's disease)
24 January – Jimmy Bain, Scottish bassist (Rainbow, Dio), 68
26 January – Colin Vearncombe (aka Black), singer-songwriter, 53 (head injuries sustained in a traffic collision)
28 January
Paul Kantner, singer-songwriter, guitarist (Jefferson Airplane), 74
Signe Anderson, singer-songwriter (Jefferson Airplane), 74
9 February – Roy Harris, folk singer, 82
13 February – Members of Viola Beach:
Kris Leonard, 20, singer and guitarist
Jack Dakin, 19, drummer
Tomas Lowe, 27, bassist
River Reeves, 19, guitarist
Craig Tarry, 32, manager (road accident)
16 February – Gwyneth George, concert cellist and music academic, 95
18 February – Brendan Healy, 59, actor and musician
19 February – Vi Subversa, musician (Poison Girls), 80
25 February – John Chilton, jazz musician and writer, 83
1 March – Louise Plowright, musical theatre actress, 59 (pancreatic cancer)
8 March – Sir George Martin, Grammy-winning producer and composer, 90
9 March – Jon English, English-born Australian musician and actor, 66 (complications from surgery)
10 March – Keith Emerson, keyboardist (Emerson, Lake and Palmer), 71 (self-inflicted gunshot wound)
14 March – Sir Peter Maxwell Davies, composer and conductor, Master of the Queen's Music (2004–2014), 81
4 April – Royston Nash, conductor, 82
12 April – Alan Loveday, violinist, 88
15 April – Guy Woolfenden, composer and conductor, 78
25 May – Peggy Spencer, dancer and choreographer, 95
31 May – Tim Feild, musician (The Springfields), 82
3 June – Dave Swarbrick, folk musician and singer-songwriter (Fairport Convention), 75
14 June – Henry McCullough, guitarist (Paul McCartney & Wings), 72
22 June
Mike Hart, singer-songwriter, 72
Harry Rabinowitz, composer and conductor, 100
2 July – David Patrick Gedge, organist, 77
13 July – Steven Young, musician (Colourbox, M/A/R/R/S), 53
17 July – Fred Tomlinson, singer (The Two Ronnies, Monty Python's Flying Circus), composer ("The Lumberjack Song") and critic, 88
24 July – Keith Gemmell, saxophonist, clarinetist (Audience), 68
26 July – Paul Robertson, violinist and leader of the Medici String Quartet, 63
29 July – Ken Barrie, voice actor and singer, 83
30 July – Nigel Gray, record producer (Outlandos d'Amour), 69
14 August – Neil Black, oboist, 84
19 August – Derek Smith, jazz pianist, 85 (death announced on this date)
22 August – Gilli Smyth, singer (Gong), 83
28 August – John Stenhouse, orchestral bass clarinetist, 74
12 September – Hidayat Inayat Khan, composer and conductor, 99
30 September – Michael Casswell, guitarist, 53
2 October
Sir Neville Marriner, conductor and violinist, 92
Thomas Round, opera singer, 100
5 October – Rod Temperton, songwriter, producer and musician (Heatwave), 68
7 October – Anne Pashley, Olympic athlete and opera singer, 80
23 October – Pete Burns, singer (Dead or Alive), 57 (cardiac arrest)
7 November – Sir Jimmy Young, singer and DJ, 95
11 November – George Reynolds, orchestral trumpeter, 78
22 November – Craig Gill, drummer (Inspiral Carpets), 44
1 December – Micky Fitz, punk singer (The Business) (death announced this date)
7 December – Greg Lake, singer, musician, producer (King Crimson), (Emerson, Lake & Palmer), 69 (cancer)
24 December – Rick Parfitt, singer, musician, (Status Quo), 68 (septicaemia)
25 December – George Michael, singer, 53
See also
2016 in British radio
2016 in British television
2016 in the United Kingdom
List of British films of 2016
References
2016
VB 10 or Van Biesbroeck's star is a very small and very dim red dwarf located in the constellation Aquila. It is part of a binary star system.
VB 10 is historically notable as it was the coolest, least massive and least luminous known star from its discovery in 1944 until the discovery of LHS 2924 in 1983. VB 10 is the primary standard for the M8V spectral class.
Although it is relatively close to Earth, at about 19 light years, VB 10 is a dim magnitude 17, making it difficult to image with amateur telescopes as it can get lost in the glare of the primary star.
History
VB 10 was discovered in 1944 by the astronomer George van Biesbroeck using the Otto Struve reflector telescope at the McDonald Observatory. He found it while surveying the telescopic field of view of the high-proper-motion red dwarf Gliese 752 (Wolf 1055), for companions. Wolf 1055 had been catalogued 25 years earlier by German astronomer Max Wolf using similar astrophotographic techniques. It is designated VB 10 in the 1961 publication of Van Biesbroeck's star catalog. Later, other astronomers began referring to it as Van Biesbroeck's star in honor of its discoverer. Because it is so dim and so close to its much brighter primary star, earlier astronomical surveys missed it even though its large parallax and large proper motion should have made it stand out on photographic plates taken at different times.
Characteristics
VB 10 has an extremely low luminosity with a baseline absolute magnitude of nearly 19 and an apparent magnitude of 17.3 (somewhat variable), making it very difficult to see.
Mathematical formulae for calculating apparent magnitude show that, if VB 10 occupied the place of the Sun, it would shine on Earth's sky at a magnitude of −12.87—approximately the same magnitude of that of the full moon.
Later researchers also noted that its mass, at 0.08 solar mass (), is right at the lower limit needed to create internal pressures and temperatures high enough to initiate nuclear fusion and actually be a star rather than a brown dwarf. At the time of its discovery it was the lowest-mass star known. The previous record holder for the lowest mass was Wolf 359 at .
VB 10 is also notable by its very large proper motion, moving more than one arc second a year through the sky as seen from Earth.
Flare star
VB 10 is a variable star and is identified in the General Catalogue of Variable Stars as V1298 Aquilae. It is a UV Ceti-type variable star and is known to be subject to frequent flare events. Its dynamics were studied from the Hubble Space Telescope in the mid-1990s. Although VB 10 has a normal low surface temperature of 2600 K it was found to produce violent flares of up to 100,000 K.
Binary star
VB 10 is the secondary star of a bound binary star system. The primary is called Gliese 752, and hence VB 10 is also referred to as Gliese 752 B. The primary star is much larger and brighter. The two stars are separated by about 74 arc seconds (~434 AU).
Claims of a planetary system
In May 2009, astronomers from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California, announced that they had found evidence of a planet orbiting VB 10, which they designated VB 10b. The Hale telescope at the Palomar Observatory was used to detect evidence of this planet using the astrometry method. The new planet was claimed to have a mass 6 times that of Jupiter and an orbital period of 270 days. However, subsequent studies using Doppler spectroscopy failed to detect the radial velocity variations that would be expected if such a planet was orbiting this small star. The claimants of VB 10b note that these Doppler measurements only rule out planets more massive than 3 times the mass of Jupiter, but this limit is only half the reported best-fit mass of the planet as originally claimed. The claims for this planet thus fall into a long history of claimed astrometric extrasolar planet detections that were subsequently refuted.
By 2016, it was suspected that the asymmetric debris disk signal was mistaken for the long-period planet.
See also
List of the least massive stars
List of stars named after people
References
External links
Aquila (constellation)
M-type main-sequence stars
Binary stars
Flare stars
0752
Aquilae, V1298
Hypothetical planetary systems
J19165762+0509021
Dikmen is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 108 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Kōbe Rapid Transit Railway Company, Limited (神戸高速鉄道株式会社 Kōbe kōsoku-tetsudō) is a railway company in central Kobe, Japan.
Lines
Kobe Rapid Railway owns two lines.
Tozai Line (east-west)
Namboku Line (north-south)
The Tozai and Namboku lines have been operated since the founding of the railway company while the Hokushin Line is a recent addition to its business. The company is a under the 1986 Railway Business Act of Japan in respect to all three lines.
Tozai Line and Namboku Line
The company does not run its own services on these lines, but provides the necessary infrastructure for four private railway lines (Hankyu Kobe Line (Hankyu), Hanshin Main Line (Hanshin), Shintetsu Arima Line (Shintetsu) and Sanyo Electric Railway Main Line (Sanyo) to be able to run trains through Kobe.
The company operated and administered the stations on the Tozai Line and the Namboku Line (except for Sannomiya Station operated by Hankyu, Motomachi Station operated by Hanshin, Nishidai Station operated by Sanyo and Minatogawa Station operated by Shintetsu) until September 2010, when the operation of the stations on the Tozai Line were transferred to Hanshin and Hankyu, and Shinkaichi Station on the Namboku Line to Shintetsu.
Hokushin Line
The Hokushin Line was formerly owned by the operator Hokushin Kyuko Electric Railway. When Hokushin Kyuko suffered financial difficulties in 2002, Kobe Rapid Railway purchased the assets of the railway trackage from Hokushin Kyuko.
Unlike the Tozai Line and the Namboku Line stations, the stations of the Hokushin Line are operated and administrated by Hokushin Kyuko (Tanigami Station) and Kobe Municipal Subway (Shin-Kobe Station). On 1 June 2020, the operation of the line was transferred to Kobe Municipal Subway.
References
External links
Official site
Transport in Kobe
Railway companies of Japan
Underground rapid transit in Japan
The Tanzanian Constitutional Review Commission is the national commission established as per the Constitutional Review Act of 2011 for the collection of public opinion on the review of the Constitution of Tanzania and its validation via a referendum. Key aspects of the review were legal frameworks for the State of the Union, the presidency and the contentious aspect of human rights, which were included in an amendment after public protests. On 6 April 2012 President Jakaya Kikwete appointed the former Attorney General and Prime Minister Joseph Warioba as its chairman and the former Chief Justice Augustino Ramadhani as its vice chairman. The Commission was expected to complete its task by October 2013, with an estimated cost of TSh 40 billion during the 2012/13 fiscal year.
The commission collected views from citizens of different regions within the country and prepared two constitutional drafts for discussion and vote by the National constituent assembly. The assembly was divided on the core issues of union framework and Zanzibar autonomy. After missing the deadline and the extension, the process was stalled by the walkout of the Ukawa party from the constituent assembly and also the Government of National Unity (GNU) in 2015. The process was expected to restart after the elections of 2020 but the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party (CCM) has not committed to a constitutional amendment so far.
Members
References
External links
Official website
Constitutional commissions
Tanzanian commissions and inquiries
The Cary Baronetcy, of Withington in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 12 July 1955 for the Conservative politician Sir Robert Cary, Kt. He represented Eccles and Withington in the House of Commons. As of 2010 the title is held by his son, the second Baronet, who succeeded in 1979.
Cary baronets, of Withington (1955)
Sir Robert Archibald Cary, 1st Baronet (1898–1979)
Sir Roger Hugh Cary, 2nd Baronet (1926–2011)
Sir Nicolas Robert Hugh Cary, 3rd Baronet (born 1955)
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
Cary
The Kpelle syllabary was invented c. 1935 by Chief Gbili of Sanoyie, Liberia. It was intended for writing the Kpelle language, a member of the Mande group of Niger-Congo languages spoken by about 490,000 people in Liberia and around 300,000 people in Guinea at that time.
The syllabary consists of 88 graphemes and is written from left to right in horizontal rows. Many of the glyphs have more than one form.
It was used to some extent by speakers of Kpelle in Liberia and Guinea during the 1930s and early 1940s but never achieved popular acceptance. It has been classed as a failed script.
Today Kpelle is written with a version of the Latin alphabet.
References
Kpelle people
Writing systems of Africa
Writing systems introduced in 1935
Jasna Koteska (born 1970, Skopje) is a Macedonian writer, philosopher and academic.
She is a Professor (Tenure) in humanities at the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje. Koteska works with 19th-century philosophy, Psychoanalytic Theory, and Gender studies. She has published books on Søren Kierkegaard, Sigmund Freud, and on a variety of topics related to psychoanalytic theory and gender studies. Her books have been published in Washington, D.C., Toronto, Ljubljana, Belgrade, Sofia and Skopje.
Her book Kierkegaard on Consumerism (Toronto & Ljubljana, 2016) received a 2017 Macedonian State Award for outstanding contribution in the field of science in the interest of the Republic of Macedonia. Her book Communist Intimacy (Washington, 2014) made it on to the European Society (Berlin and Paris) Author's Finnegan's List of 30 books for 2015. Her academic articles have been translated in several languages, including English, German, Slovenian, Serbian, Turkish, Bulgarian, Albanian, Hungarian, Greek, Slovakian, and Romanian. Koteska is editor for Kierkegaard Circle/Collection Aut at Trinity College Toronto, Canada and Central European Research Institute Soren Kierkegaard (CERI-SK), Ljubljana. She is coordinator of the Study Circle 8, Futures of Education in the Anthropocene (2021-2023) for the Nordic Summer University.
Selected works
Books
Kierkegaard on Consumerism. The Aesthetic, The Ethical and the Religious Reading, Toronto and Ljubljana: Kierkegaard Circle/Collection Aut, 2016.
The Freud Reader. Early Psychoanalysis 1983-1899, Skopje: Kultura, 2013.
Communist Intimacy, Washington: New Academia Publishing, 2014.
Sanitary Enigma, Skopje: Templum, 2006. (Bulgarian translation Sofia: KX Critique and Humanism, 2012. ) (Reprint, Skopje: Antolog, 2020. )
Intimist, Ljubljana: Apokalipsa, 2008.
Macedonian Women's Writings, Skopje: Makedonska kniga, 2003.
Postmodern Literary Studies, Skopje: Makedonska kniga, 2002.
As editor
The Ethnologist as a Writer: The Writer as an Ethnologist, (co-editor with Ilina Jakimovska), Skopje: Tabahon, 2020.
Representation of Gender Minority Groups in Media: Serbia, Montenegro and Macedonia, (co-editor with Tatjana Rosic-Ilic and Janko Ljumovic), Belgrade: Faculty of Media and Communication, 2015.
Veseliot den ili Maticek se zeni, (editor), Skopje: Faculty of Philology, 2008.
References
External links
Official Faculty Page at the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje
Jasna Koteska Blog
Texts in the Journal Sarajevo Notebook (Bosnian/Serbian/Croatian)
1970 births
Living people
Macedonian women writers
Macedonian philosophers
Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje faculty
The culture of music in Rome is intensely active. The venues for live music include:
Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, is a theater built in the 1880s in the "building boom" to expand the capital of the new nation-state of Italy. The theater has hosted the premieres of many famous works, including Tosca and Cavalleria rusticana, and other memorable events such as Visconti's staging of The Marriage of Figaro. The theater has a permanent orchestra, choir and ballet company, and today also includes a multimedia historical archive.
The Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, an academy authorized by Pope Gregory XIII in 1566, has remained one of the most prestigious musical organizations in the world.
The Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia is a permanent orchestra associated with the academy, and over the years has found a home in various auditoriums in the city, the most recent move (2003) being to the premises of the Parco della Musica, a vast new auditorium complex. The full orchestra and the Santa Cecilia chamber ensembles perform 200 concerts per year in Rome.
The Accademia Filarmonica Romana performs at the Teatro Olimpico and has, besides an active concert season, a long history of promoting music education and community and amateur music.
Lazio Symphony orchestra performs in Rome as well as elsewhere in the region of Lazio.
The Youth Symphony of Rome
Parco della Musica opened in 2002 as a large musical complex featuring three separate auditoriums. It is located between the Olympic Village and the Parioli Quarter. It hosts an ongoing series of classical, popular, and jazz music events, featuring national as well as international musicians and groups.
The Aula Magna of the Sapienza University sponsors an active musical season.
The city of Rome has the National Museum of Musical Instruments, one of the largest such institutions in the world.
Rome is considered the jazz capital of Italy, with an average of 350 jazz concerts scheduled each month. The city also plays host to several jazz festivals each year, including the Roma Jazz Festival, Casa del Jazz Festival, and the Villa Celimontana Jazz Festival.
See also
Music of Lazio
References
Guide Cultura, i luoghi della music (2003), ed. Touring Club Italiano.
External links
Santa Cecilia Academy
Parco della Musica auditorium
Conservatorio Santa Cecilia
National Museum of Musical Instruments
Concerts today in Rome, at Concertoggi.it
Roma Jazz – Complete jazz concert listing for Rome
Hildegard Joos (7 May 1909 in Sieghartskirchen, Lower Austria – 17 January 2005 in Vienna) was an Austrian painter and is known as the "Grande Dame" of geometric abstraction and constructivism in Austria.
Life
Hildegard Joos spent her childhood in Lower Austria. After the Second World War, she studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna.
In 1955, she became a member of the Vienna Secession and, in 1958, was the first female artist whose work was presented in a solo exhibition in the main room of the Vienna Secession. Three other individual exhibitions took place there in 1964, 1967 and 1980. From 1959 onwards, together with her husband Harold Joos, Hildegard Joos had a studio in Paris. There she achieved great recognition with her monistic paintings. She participated in the international development of geometric abstraction and in numerous exhibitions such as the "Salon des Indépendants" and the "Salon des Réalités Nouvelles". She was coined by the Paris Salon of Réalités Nouvelles since she became a member there in 1972.
Joos was referred to as the "Grande Dame" of abstract painting in Austria. Checkerboard and raster images were an important part of her artistic work. Her first works, on the other hand, were figurative, colorful and expressive.
Initially, the artist couple signed their collaborations with "Hildegard Joos", and from 1980 with "H + H Joos".
Hildegard Joos died in Vienna in 2005, aged 95 years old.
In 2014, Viennese gallerist and art dealer Martin Suppan organized a retrospective of Hildegard Joos in the Vienna Künstlerhaus with more than 140 works on display.
Solo exhibitions (selection)
1958 First Solo Exhibition in the Vienna Secession
1960 Wiener Konzerthaus
1961 Junge Generation Vienna
1962 Hildegard Joos, Main room of the Vienna Secession
1964 Hildegard Joos, Main room of the Vienna Secession
1965 Galerie Jeunes, Paris
1966 Hildegard Joos Oeuvres récentes. Peintures-Gouaches, Amsterdam, Prinzengracht, Anne Frank Stichting
1967 Hildegard Joos, Oil Paintings, Gallery of the Vienna Secession
1968 Palazzo Artelli, Triest
1969 Brücke, Bielefeld
1971 C. R. D. P Orleans, Frankreich
1972 Galerie Stubenbastei Vienna
1975 Galerie Grohmann Munich
1978 Galerie Modern Art Vienna
1980 Hildegard Joos, Painting and Graphic 1959–1979, Main room of the Vienna Secession
1984 Hildegard & Harold Joos, MUMOK Museum Vienna
1984 Monochrome Bilder der 60er Jahre, Schloss Buchberg am Kamp, NÖ
1989 Hildegard & Harold Joos, Narrative Geometrismen, Museum moderner Kunst Linz
1994 H + H Joos, Narrative Geometrismen, Raumnarrative Bilder und Colour Field 1990–1993, NÖ Landesmuseum
1996 H + H Joos, Serie Rot-Blau, Internationales Kulturzentrum Egon Schiele, Krumau
1997 H + H Joos, Von den Anfängen bis heute, Österreichische Galerie Belvedere
2005 „In Memorian Hildegard Joos“ Österreichische Galerie Belvedere
2014 Hildegard Joos Retrospektive im Künstlerhaus Wien, Suppan Fine Arts
2015 H+H Joos, abstrakt • konstruktiv • narrativ, ɑrbeiten auf papier 1952 and 2000, Suppan Fine Arts
2017 H+H Joos, works on paper, Suppan Fine Arts
Public collections (selection)
Galerie Belvedere, Vienna
Niederösterreichisches Landesmuseum, St. Pölten
MUMOK, Vienna
Albertina Museum, Vienna
Lentos Museum, Linz
Museum Liaunig, Neuhaus
Artothek des Bundes, Vienna
NÖ Landesmuseum, St.Pölten
Awards
1987: Preis der Stadt Wien für Bildende Kunst
External links
Hildegard Joos Retrospektive at the Künstlerhaus Vienna
H+H Joos. Monoɡraph to the Retrospective. Viennaː Edition Suppan Fine Arts, 2014, (Online)
1909 births
2005 deaths
20th-century Austrian women artists
Austrian painters
Austrian women painters
Constructivism (art)
Artists from Vienna
Cameraria arcuella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Québec in Canada and Virginia and Maine in the United States.
The wingspan is about 10 mm.
The larvae may feed on Quercus species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Moths described in 1908
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
Lepidoptera of the United States
The MRT Yellow Line is an elevated mass rapid transit line currently under construction in Bangkok and Samut Prakan Province, Thailand. The 30.4 km line will have 23 stations and cost 55 billion baht. The line was originally proposed in 2005 by the Office of Transport and Traffic Policy and Planning to be a heavy rail underground line along Lat Phrao rd and then elevated from Lam Sali junction to Samrong. However, it was decided in 2012 to build an elevated monorail line for the whole length in order to reduce construction costs.
The MRT Yellow Line will provide mass transit along the heavily congested Lat Phrao road and Srinagarindra road corridors. The line will link 6 other lines; the MRT Blue Line, interchange with the MRT Orange Line (which is under construction), the planned MRT Grey Line and MRT Brown Lines, the Airport Rail Link (Bangkok) and finally the BTS Sukhumvit Line. As such, it will be an important cross city link in the middle north-eastern and eastern areas of Bangkok.
Preliminary site works began in late 2017 with major construction work starting from March 2018. In October 2020, the BSR stated that they plan to open the first section of the MRT Yellow Line by October 2021 with initial operations running from Samrong to Si Iam. The line was then planned to fully open in July 2022. However, due to COVID-19 outbreaks in Bangkok delaying construction with sites closed, the BSR stated that the first section of the line will not open until July 2022. On 29 November 2021, daily testing began on a 6 km section of the line between the depot at Si Lam and Srinagarindra 38 station. Testing will then be expanded after a 3-month period.
In mid April 2022, the Director of EBM/BSR, Mr Surapong Laoha-Unya, stated that further labour & installation delays would mean that the line would now not open until September 2022 from Samrong(YL23) to Phawana(YL2). The short section from Phawana to Lat Phrao would then open in early 2023.
By the end of March 2022, construction had progressed to 91.70%.
Route Alignment
The line starts at the intersection of Ratachadapisek and Lat Phrao roads where it interchanges with the MRT Blue Line at Lat Phrao station. The line then heads east along Lat Phrao road to Bangkapi junction and south to Lam Sali station to interchange with the MRT Orange Line and the future MRT Brown Line. The line continues further south along Srinagarindra Road to Hua Mark where it will interchange with the Airport Rail Link at Hua Mak station.
From Hua Mark, the route continues south along Srinagarindra Road past Bangna-Trat Road all the way to Thepha Rak Road in Samut Prakan Province, then heading west along Thepha Rak Road where it terminates at Samrong and interchanges with Samrong of the BTS Sukhumvit Line.
The line will be built from Lat Phrao (YL1) to Samrong (YL23) and the depot will be located at Debaratana Road adjacent to Si Iam station (YL17).
History
The MRT Yellow line was first proposed in the mid 1990s as a monorail line by Japanese consultants with little or no progress for 10 years. In 2004, the Office of Transport and Traffic Policy and Planning (OTP) reworked the proposal as a heavy rail line with underground and elevated sections as part of the 10 line metro plan which was taken to the February 2005 election. In 2009, it was suggested to change the line to an elevated monorail line as a cost saving measure. In December 2011, the MRTA was instructed by the MOT to divide the MRT Yellow Line into two phases for tender and construction purposes and to reduce land appropriation costs. In June 2012, the MRTA contracted consultants to undertake detailed designs of the line. In February 2013, OTP stated that the tender for the MRT Yellow Line should be ready by late 2013 for tender in early 2014. By August 2013, this timeline had changed to a mid 2014 tender date.
However, similar to the MRT Pink Line, delays in finalising the technical requirements of the tender in relation to the selection of monorail rolling stock which determines the type of track to be constructed resulted in further delays. The subsequent political turmoil of late 2013 and early 2014 caused even more delays. Thereafter, a coup in May 2014 resulted in a new military administration and the tender being deferred while a review of all mass transit projects was undertaken for a period of 18 months. The MRTA was instructed by the junta government to change to a PPP tender process which was subsequently not released until mid-2016. In early December 2016, The BSR consortium consisting of BTS Group Holdings (75% majority stake) with Sino-Thai Engineering and Construction (STEC), and Ratchaburi Electricity Generation Holding (RATCH), won the bid construct and operate the MRT Yellow Line. The BSR also won the bid to build and operate the MRT Pink Line.
On June 16, 2017, the contract was signed for the project between the Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand and BSR consortium. The BSR established the Eastern Bangkok Monorail Company Limited (EBM) to operate the line. A proposed 2 station extension of the route north from the Lat Phrao terminus to link to the BTS Sukhumvit Line at Ratchayothin station has also been proposed by the BSR Joint Venture. However, this extension is opposed by the MRT Blue Line operator BEM due to concerns regarding loss of revenue.
Construction Progress
Construction of the MRT Yellow Line began in March 2018 with the BSR consortium establishing a number of preparation work sites along the Lat Phrao rd with the closure of lanes along this traffic dense east–west corridor. By August 2018, construction had expanded to along the Srinakarin rd section which is also where the depot will be built. By 30 September 2018, overall construction had progressed to 9.61%. At the end of March 2019, construction has progressed to 30.40%. By the end of July 2019, civil construction had further advanced to 39.92%. At the end of October 2019, construction had progressed to 45.88%. By the end of January 2020, construction had progressed to 51.81%. By the end of May 2020, construction had progressed to 59.42%. At the end of July 2020, construction had progressed to 62.44%. At the end of September 2020, progress was at 66.31%. By the end of 2020, 1549 guide beams had been installed of the project total of 2388 individual guides beams. At the end of November 2020, construction had progressed to 70.64%. Construction progress was 77.97% complete by the end of February 2021. Construction progress had advanced to 82.46% complete by the end of April 2021. Construction progress was 85.53% by the end of July 2021. Construction progress was 88.14% by the end of October 2021.
On 29 November 2021, daily testing began on a 6 km section of the line between the depot at Si Lam and Srinagarindra 38 station. Testing will be conducted at a maximum speed of 25 km/h. After 3 months, testing will be undertaken at higher speeds and expanded to a longer section of the line.
By the end of March 2022, construction had progressed to 91.70%.
Rolling stock
BSR selected Bombardier Innovia Monorail 300 rolling stock for the MRT Yellow line. The BSR has announced that they will purchase 28 4-car sets to operate the MRT Yellow line. These trains will be manufactured by CRRC Puzhen Bombardier Transportation Systems (joint venture of Bombardier Transportation and CRRC Nanjing Puzhen) in Wuhu, Anhui, China. The first set has been assembled and was shipped on 4 September 2020 with delivery to Thailand at the end of September 2020. The first set arrived in Thailand on 1 October 2020 at Laem Chabang port with a handover ceremony attended by the Thai Prime Minister, BTSC Chairman, MRTA and Canadian Ambassador. Two more sets arrived in mid December 2020 for a total of 5 sets by the end of 2020. By July 2021, 8 sets had been delivered and were being tested. As of the end of October 2021, 12 sets had been delivered. By the end of November 2021, the BSR stated that 20 sets had been delivered with the remaining sets expected to be fully delivered by the end of March 2022. However, as of mid April 2022 only 26 sets had been received and were progressing undergoing testing.
The remaining sets are expected to be delivered by July 2022.
Technical Characteristics
Low profile vehicles/low floor height above beam
Distinct sloped nose/end-cap
Inter-car walkthrough
Rubber-tires and permanent magnet motor
Aluminium body, steel underframe, composite end cap
4-car sets have a capacity of 24,100 pax p/h each way and 8-car sets a capacity of 49.600 pax p/h each way with a 75-second headway.
Innovia Monorails are all fully automated and are equipped with CITYFLO 650 communications-based train control for driverless operation to increase reliability, shorten head ways between trains and lower maintenance costs.
The BSR has stated that the pax capacity for 4-car sets will be 17,000 p/h each way.
Guidebeams
The Bombardier Innovia Monorail 300 operates on a narrow, elevated guidebeam. Pre-cast, post-tensioned guidebeams are constructed at an off-site location and later installed on the system. The guidebeams are 690 mm (27 in) wide. The Innovia Monorail 300 was designed to navigate curves as tight as 46 m and a maximum grade of 6%. Monorail switches are either beam replacement or multi-position pivot switches. The system will have evacuation walkways down the entire length of the guidebeam. These walkways allow passengers to escape any onboard hazard. The maintenance crew also uses these walkways for repairs and general maintenance to the system.
List of planned stations
The 30.4 km Yellow Line will have 23 stations (with a proposed extension of two stations):
Potential future extension
A proposed 2 station extension of the route north from the current Ratchada terminus to link to the BTS Sukhumvit Line Extension at Ratchayothin station has also been proposed by the BSR Joint Venture. However, this extension is opposed by the MRT Blue Line operator BEM, estimating about 988 million baht loss on the extension's first year of service and 2.7 billion baht throughout the 30-year concession period.
The extension was approved in February 2021, with construction set to be completed in 2024. However, EBM has repeatedly denied MRTA's request to provide a compensation for BEM, which may result in a cancellation of the extension if no decision has been made.
When completed the Yellow Line will terminate at Samrong. A future extension from Samrong across the Chao Phraya River to link with the MRT Purple Line at Rat Burana was canvassed by the OTP in the early 2010s. However, the location and design of Samrong station excludes any further extension of the line west of Sukhumvit rd.
Network Map
See also
Mass Rapid Transit Master Plan in Bangkok Metropolitan Region
MRT (Bangkok)
MRT Blue Line
MRT Brown Line
MRT Grey Line
MRT Light Blue Line
MRT Orange Line
MRT Purple Line
MRT Pink Line
BTS Skytrain
BTS Sukhumvit Line
BTS Silom Line
Airport Rail Link (Bangkok)
SRT Light Red Line
SRT Dark Red Line
Bangkok BRT
BMA Gold Line
References
External links
"MRTA Yellow Line website
Airport Rail Link, BTS, MRT & BRT network map
MRTA
Yellow line
Proposed public transport in Thailand
2023 in rail transport
Monorails in Thailand
Monorails
Cheema may refer to:
People
Cheema (surname) (including a list of people with the name)
Places
Punjab, India
Cheema, Sangrur, a town in Sangrur district
Cheema, Dhuri, a village in Dhuri, Sangrur district
Cheema, Gurdaspur, a village in Gurdaspur district
Cheema, Barnala, a village in Barnala district
Pakistan
Banka Cheema
Dilawar Cheema
Dilawar Cheema Kalan
Wadala Cheema
Kalaske Cheema
Jamke Cheema
Shamsa Cheema
Adamke Cheema
Baddoke Cheema
Sui Cheemian
See also
Chima (disambiguation)
John Michael Prodger (born 1 September 1935) is an English former cricketer. He played in first-class and List A cricket matches for Kent County Cricket Club between 1956 and 1967 as a right-handed middle-order batsman.
Prodger played in 161 matches for Kent, scoring three centuries and taking 175 catches for the county. He made his highest score when he opened the innings against Essex in 1961 and scored 170 not out before Kent declared at 377 for 5. Regarded as an excellent fielder, Prodger took eight catches in a match against Gloucestershire in 1961, the record for catches in a match by a Kent outfielder. In a match in 1963 he had the distinction of taking a catch whilst fielding as a substitute fielder for Middlesex and later scoring a half-century in the same innings, the only player known to have done so in first-class cricket. He was awarded his county cap in 1965.
Prodger also played football as a goalkeeper. He began his career at Charlton but did not play a match for the side in the football league before moving to Dartford in 1953, playing for the side whilst he completed his national service. He moved to Margate where he played the majority of his career, making 102 appearances for the side. He also played in short spells at Gravesend and Northfleet and Sittingbourne in the Kent league and finished is career with Dartford in 1965.
Prodger worked as a draughtsman at en engineering company in Dartford.
References
1935 births
Living people
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Forest Hill, London
Footballers from the London Borough of Lewisham
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Dartford F.C. players
Margate F.C. players
Ebbsfleet United F.C. players
Sittingbourne F.C. players
Independent Socialists of Extremadura (, SIEx) was a centre-left regionalist political party in the Spanish Autonomous Community of Extremadura.
In 2018, the majority of the party chose to join the Extremaduran PSOE
References
Political parties in Extremadura
Political parties established in 1994
Regionalist parties in Spain
Agra katewinsletae is a species of carabid beetle named after English actress Kate Winslet.
The holotype was collected in Costa Rica and first described to science in 2002. The species' discoverer, Terry Erwin, wrote: "The specific epithet, katewinsletae, is the Latinized genitive form of the combined name of the actress Kate Winslet, starlet of the movie Titanic. Her character did not go down with the ship, but we will not be able to say the same for this elegant canopy species, if all the rain forest is converted to pastures."
Agra katewinsletae is a small beetle measuring in length and in width.
See also
List of organisms named after famous people (born 1950–present)
References
Lebiinae
Beetles of Central America
Endemic fauna of Costa Rica
Beetles described in 2002
Taxa named by Terry Erwin
Mena is a small town and seat of the commune of N'Dolondougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
A special pleader was a historical legal occupation. The practitioner, or "special pleader" in English law specialised in drafting "pleadings", in modern terminology statements of case.
History
Up to the 19th century, there were many rules, technicalities and difficulties in drafting pleadings and claims and defences could be dismissed for trivial errors. As an extreme instance, a learned judge in the 19th century challenged a pleading for putting the year without adding A.D., on the ground that "non constat that A.D. might not be intended".
Some practitioners made it their business to frame pleadings, rather than to appear in court or to write legal opinions, and were called special pleaders. They were not necessarily barristers, but might be licensed to practise under the bar. At one time it was usual to practise for a time as a special pleader before being called to the bar. The system had largely fallen into disuse as a speciality by the beginning of the 20th century, although it continues to exist in India.
Notes
References
Further reading
English law
Legal history of England
Historical legal occupations
The Kelso Mountains are located just north of the small community of Kelso and the Kelso Dunes, in the Mojave National Preserve in southeastern California. The town of Baker, near Interstate 15, lies approximately 18 miles (29 km) to the northwest of the mountain range. Kelso Peak, at 4,764 feet (1,452 m), is the principal peak of the range. Like most of the Mojave Desert, the range is characterized by little rainfall, and usually receives less than 5–6 inches (125–150 mm) of precipitation in a normal year.
References
Mojave National Preserve
Mountain ranges of the Mojave Desert
Mountain ranges of Southern California
Mountain ranges of San Bernardino County, California
The following Union Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Raymond of the American Civil War. The Confederate order of battle is listed separately.
Abbreviations used
Military rank
MG = Major General
BG = Brigadier General
Col = Colonel
Ltc = Lieutenant Colonel
Maj = Major
Cpt = Captain
Lt = 1st Lieutenant
Other
w = wounded
k = killed
Union Forces
XVII Corps
MG James B. McPherson
See also
Mississippi in the American Civil War
American Civil War orders of battle
Jeffrey Lynn Feltner (November 21, 1962 – March 17, 1993) was an American serial killer and former nurse's aide who smothered seven patients to death from 1988 to 1989 at the hospitals he worked at. After initially confessing but later recanting his statements, he pleaded guilty to two of the murders in exchange for a 25-to-life sentence and no further charges in the other murders. A few years after his conviction, he died behind bars from AIDS complications.
Early life
Jeffrey Lynn Feltner was born on November 21, 1962, in Miami, Florida. His parents split up three months before his birth, with his father Kasper moving to Michigan while Feltner remained with his mother, Shirley. The pair moved to Melrose in 1979, where Feltner attended and later graduated from the Interlachen High School. Considered a loner by most of his peers, he started spending a majority of his time visiting gay bars and similar establishments around the area. During one sexual encounter, he contracted HIV, which progressively worsened over time.
In 1986, Feltner's mother helped him get a job at the New Life Acres nursing home in Melrose, where she worked as a nursing assistant. After only a few months on the job, he was promoted to supervising other nurses' aides and was greatly respected by both patients and staff. In 1987, Feltner temporarily quit his job for two months so he could locate his birth father, and after succeeding in doing so, he returned to Melrose and was rehired.
Murders
From February to April 1988, five patients died at the New Life Acres nursing home under what were assumed to be natural circumstances. In July of that same year, Feltner anonymously contacted a crisis hotline and confessed to the five killings, claiming that he had an uncontrollable impulse to end their suffering and would probably kill again. These victims were the following:
Bernie "Berniece" Katherine Olsen, 69 - retired schoolteacher who had moved to Florida to be closer to her sister. Died on February 7, in what was thought to be the result of Alzheimer's disease.
Lathan Thornton, 82 - retired U.S. Navy veteran from Gainesville. Died on February 8.
Sarah F. Abrams, 75 - died on February 10. At the time of her death, family members noticed suspicious bruises around her nose and mouth and requested an autopsy, but their request was dismissed by coroners who thought that the death was the result of a heart attack. In contrast to Feltner's later claims, she was neither bedridden nor suicidal, and her only notable issues were due to old age.
Rita May Sugrue, 63 - died on February 18.
William H. James, 73 - retired war veteran from Jacksonville. Died on April 6, having been suffocated by Feltner.
Despite these confessions and Feltner being questioned by police, no charges were brought due to a lack of evidence. In the midst of the investigation, Feltner called anonymously again and claimed he had attempted to kill another patient, but his claims were found to be contradictory and he was dismissed as a crank. In order to prevent him from repeating this, he was charged and found guilty of making harassing phone calls, trespassing and filing a false report, receiving a four-month sentence at a local prison.
After his release on November 19, Feltner moved to Daytona Beach, where he lived in an apartment above a bar on Main Street. He soon found work at the Clyatt Memorial Center, where he was again hired as a supervisor for the nurse's aides. On July 11, 1989, 83-year-old Doris Moriarty, a longtime resident of the center, died suddenly. Her death was not considered suspicious at the time, as she had been in ill health for the past few years. A few days later, Feltner was fired for failing to show up at work, but soon found employment at the Bowman's Nursing Home in Ormond Beach. On July 27, a patient living in the nursing home, 81-year-old Ruby P. Swisher, died in what was originally considered a natural death.
Arrest, trial and death
On August 9, Feltner suffered a mental breakdown and sought help from a mental health centre before calling the offices of the local WESH TV station and confessing to his crimes. A day later, the administrator of the Clyatt Memorial Center, William Powell, called the police and informed them that a former employee of his had supposedly confessed to killing several patients at the places he worked at, which included Moriarty. The authorities soon arrested and charged Feltner with her murder. During subsequent interrogations, he openly admitted to the crimes, exclaiming that he had done them to put his victims out of their misery. In the aftermath of this, the bodies of Abrams, Thornton and James were exhumed for testing, as the other victims' bodies had been cremated.
Soon after his arrest, he was charged with the killings and put on trial for them in January 1990. To the investigators' surprise, Feltner recanted his testimony and claimed that he falsely confessed to the killings in order to bring attention to the appalling conditions and abuse that occurred at the nursing homes. This statement was supported by his parents, who voiced their belief that their son would never commit such a horrendous crime.
While he continued to deny the murder charges, Feltner nonetheless pleaded guilty to two of the murders in order to avoid a potential death sentence. As part of the plea bargain, he would not be charged with the remaining murders and would serve a 25-years-to-life sentence at the Florida State Prison in Raiford. His mother later claimed that the sole reason he confessed was that his life could end quickly, as Feltner's AIDS had been getting progressively worse despite treatment with Aztreonam. As a result of this, he died on March 17, 1993.
See also
List of serial killers in the United States
References
Bibliography
External links
FindAGrave
1962 births
1993 deaths
20th-century American criminals
American male criminals
Male serial killers
American serial killers
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Florida
Nurses convicted of killing patients
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Florida
Prisoners who died in Florida detention
Serial killers who died in prison custody
AIDS-related deaths in Florida
LGBT people from Florida
Criminals from Florida
People from Miami
Ascute is a genus of calcareous sponges. It contains two species, both found in Australia:
Ascute asconoides (Carter, 1886)
Ascute uteoides (Dendy, 1893)
References
Taxa named by Arthur Dendy
Helen Lake Kanahele (May 26, 1916 – June 12, 1976) was an American labor organizer. She was president of the Women's Auxiliary of the International Longshoreman's and Warehousemen's Union (ILWU) and worked with the United Public Workers union. Due to her labor organizing and opposition to the death penalty, Kanahele was subpoenaed by the Territorial Committee on Subversive Activities in the 1950s.
Early life and family
Helen Lake was born on May 26, 1916 in Kona, Hawaii to a Hawaiian mother and an English father. She recounted that her father died when she was five followed by her mother the following year. She was raised by Irene Woods as a hānai child.
Lake was formally educated at Honolulu's Central Intermediate School up through the eighth grade. She had a talent for singing and hula. She was recruited by a professional troupe and toured the world three times with the E.K. Fernandez Shows. She was considered ready for the shows at the age of six and a half. During one of the later tours, she was dismayed at the "no colored" signs the troupe encountered throughout the Southern United States. At the age of 12, she assisted in the political campaigns of Democratic Party candidates.
Lake married Alfred Kanahele when she was in her 20s. She had two daughters, Mary Jane and Helen. Alfred abandoned the family in a few years.
Career
In 1947 Kanahele was working for the Democratic Party when she met labor organizer Henry Epstein, who was working with the United Public Workers.
Kanahele started work in Maluhia Hospital's laundry in Honolulu in 1948. The next year she lived in Papakolea in a Hawaiian Homestead house with her hānai brother and her two daughters. Her brother was participating in a strike by International Longshore and Warehouse Union (ILWU) dockworkers. She visited him at the union's headquarters at Pier 11 and encountered a group of two hundred haole women who were against the strike. She joined the counterpicket line of union women. In the following days, she joined the Women's Auxiliary's pickets. She cooked food in the strike kitchens and delivered it to the homes of strikers. By 1951 she was elected president of the Women's Auxiliary.
Kanahele joined the United Public Workers in 1949. She became the Territorial secretary-treasurer of UPW in 1952. She signed up the second most members for the union in a Territory-wide organizing drive in 1955.
During the summer of 1951, Kanahele's focus turned to the death penalty with the looming hanging of John Palakiko and James Majors for the Morgan's Corner murder. She compared the case with the Massie Trial and thought of how there were separate systems of justice for native Hawaiians and the upper crust haoles. She sought the assistance of attorney Harriet Bouslog and made an appeal on the radio on behalf of the men days before their scheduled execution.
Death
Following a long illness, Kanahele died in Honolulu on June 12, 1976.
In March 2017, Hawaiʻi Magazine ranked her among a list of the most influential women in Hawaiian history.
References
Further reading
Peterson, Barbara Bennett. Notable Women of Hawaii. Honolulu, HI: University of Hawaii Press, 1984.
1916 births
1976 deaths
Trade unionists from Hawaii
People from Hawaii (island)
Women trade unionists
International Longshore and Warehouse Union people
Socrates Café are gatherings around the world where people from different backgrounds get together and exchange philosophical perspectives based on their experiences, using the version of the Socratic Method developed by founder Christopher Phillips. The groups model their discussions from the 2001 book of the same name by Christopher Phillips and a guide he also developed. Today, there are hundreds of such gatherings, coordinated by volunteers, worldwide.
History
Socrates Cafés began in 1996, when Christopher Phillips, then a freelance writer and editorial consultant, desired to in some way build on the legacy of historical thinkers. He proposed Socratic dialogues with anyone who wished to become more empathetic, and more objectively critical and creative philosophical inquirers. Phillips' idea of having open-invitation meetings at cafes and other public places and spaces was inspired by Matthew Lipman, the founder of the Institute for the Advancement of Philosophy for Children who advocated introducing philosophy into schools and under whom Phillips studied, as well as by Marc Sautet, whose Café Philosophique Phillips became aware of after reading an article about Sautet in 1995. According to Phillips, his version of the Socratic Method was inspired not only by the Greek interrogative elements practiced by Socrates of the elenctic (Greek for 'cross-examination,' 'encounter,' 'inquiry'), aporia (Greek for 'doubt') and maieutic (Greek for 'midwifery,' in this case giving birth to ideas one harbors from within), but by the philosopher Justus Buchler's notions of human judgment and query, by philosopher Walter Kaufmann's notion of the "Socratic type" and view that the Socratic Method boils down to the sustained consideration of objections and alternatives to any given way of seeing things, as well as by Hannah Arendt's notion of the Socratic persona and performativity. A typical Socrates Cafe group meets in a public place, is open to anyone who wishes to attend, and Socratically explores a question which is chosen by vote or which is announced shortly in advance. Typically there are no prerequisites, and no reading or other preparation is required.
Socratic method
Janet Sisson, a philosophy professor at Mount Royal College, has questioned the appropriateness of identifying the methods and goals practiced by Phillips with those of the historical Socrates: "...the background for this enterprise [Socrates Café] is very different from that for the conversations of Socrates. Plato uses the figure of Socrates as a way of introducing the idea of intellectual discussion in order to promote the pursuit of truth, not as a path for personal discovery. ...To treat opportunities for dialogue as a means of self-discovery is a modern attitude, not the aim of Socrates own original dialectic. American scholars have sometimes encouraged this reading of Socratic endeavors; Phillips' fondness for this line of argument perhaps owes more to idealist or existentialist thinking than to Socrates himself." Sisson goes on to stress that "(t)his does not undermine the aim of Phillips' cafes..."
Philosopher Thomas Morris has praised the Socrates Cafe concept of good discussion about important topics by common people. David Blacker, professor of Philosophy of Education and Legal Studies at the University of Delaware, writes in Democratic Education Stretched Thin: How Complexity Challenges a Liberal Ideal (2007), that "one can...only applaud the efforts initiated by Christopher Phillips... In very much an extra-academic (but not anti-academic) spirit, Phillips has inspired individuals to create in their own communities voluntary groups who convene to discuss philosophical questions they themselves have chosen." (p. 146) Blacker considers the Socrates cafe endeavor to be a critical effort for evolving a democracy, the essential function and mission of which to him is for its citizens "to think for themselves about the lives they want to lead" (p. 146).
See also
Society for Philosophical Inquiry
Philosophy For All
References
External links
Socrates Café Official Website
Deliberative groups
Philosophical societies
Public philosophy
Kalateh-ye Hajji Nasir (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Naṣīr; also known as Kalāteh-ye Shāh Moḩammad) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. In 2006, its population was 264, in 71 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Gregorio di Montelongo (or da Monte Longo; c. 1200 – 1269) was the Bishop of Tripoli from 1249 until 1251 and the Patriarch of Aquileia from 1251 until his death.
Gregorio was born in Ferentino into a family related to the counts of Segni, original of Montelongo in Molise. He was a papal legate in Lombardy since 1238, where he led the Guelph coalition against emperor Frederick II. In 1247 he was sent by Pope Innocent IV to Parma, to lead the city's defense during the imperial siege. In 1251 he was named patriarch of Aquileia, but was consecrated only five years later. He also led the anti-Hohenstaufen party in the region when Frederick's heir, Conrad IV of Germany, incited the Istrian communes to revolt.
Gregorio also participated in the "crusade" against Ezzelino III da Romano, leading personally the defense of Padua in September 1255 and sending troops to the Guelph faction until 1257. He was also able to occupy the Austrian enclave of Pordenone in 1262. Once the Ghibelline menace of Ezzelino had disappeared, he attacked Ulrich III of Carinthia and Albert I of Gorizia. He was however captured by the latter at Villanova dello Judrio of 20 July 1267, being freed only after he promised to sign a treaty of peace (1269). Nevertheless, Gregorio resumed the military operations, but died before he could launch another attack.
Previously, Gregorio had signed a treaty with the Republic of Venice which set the respective areas of influence in the contented Istrian region.
Sources
Further reading
1200s births
1269 deaths
People from Ferentino
Patriarchs of Aquileia
Hòa Xuân Stadium () is a football-specific stadium in Da Nang, Vietnam. It is located in Cam Le District, just outside of the main city centre. The stadium has been the home of football team SHB Đà Nẵng F.C. since 2016. The stadium has a capacity of 20,500.
Construction
Construction began in 2013 and was completed in 2016 at an estimated cost of 281 billion Vietnamese đồng.
The stadium replaced the previous stadium of SHB Đà Nẵng F.C., Chi Lăng Stadium from the beginning of the 2016/17 V.League 1 season.
References
Football venues in Vietnam
Buildings and structures in Da Nang
Multi-purpose stadiums in Vietnam
SHB Da Nang FC
Sports venues completed in 2016
2016 establishments in Vietnam
Chaemoptera is a genus in the Nemopteridae (the spoonwing family of insects). The genus, which consists of three species, is wholly confined to Western Australia.
The genus was first described by William Forsell Kirby in 1900, and the type species is Chasmoptera huttii.
A key feature of Chasmoptera is the "elaborate extended hindwings, with apical dilations arranged in a “ribbon” or “spoon” shape".
Description
Kirby describes the genus as follows (but only lists the one species, Chasmoptera huttii):
Later work uses both wing and genital morphology to distinguish both species and genera.
Species
Chasmoptera huttii (Westwood, 1848)
Chasmoptera mathewsi Koch, 1967
Chasmoptera superba Tillyard, 1925
Further reading
References
Neuroptera
Taxa described in 1900
The Sanctuary of St. Gabriel of Our Lady of Sorrows () is located at the foot of the Gran Sasso, in the municipality of Isola del Gran Sasso, in Teramo province, Abruzzo region, Italy. The shrine receives an average of 2 million visitors a year and is thus one of the 15 most visited sanctuaries in the world.
The sanctuary of St. Gabriel of Our Lady of Sorrows includes four main facilities:
the monastery, which houses the headquarters of the Passionists, where St. Gabriel died in 1862;
the old church, built in 1908 in honor of St. Gabriel;
the new church of reinforced concrete, glass and steel, from 1970, which is usually open on holidays to accommodate the large number of pilgrims (may contain 5/6 000 people);
the press that publishes the Eco of Saint Gabriel, the monthly magazine linked to the activity of the sanctuary.
History
Towards 1215, St. Francis of Assisi he founded a convent for his Franciscan order, in the municipality of Isola del Gran Sasso of Italy, which remained there until the time of the Napoleonic suppressions; This monastery is the present Sanctuary of St. Gabriel.
Apparently the patron of Assisi found himself at the foot of the Gran Sasso shrine dedicated to Our Lady Annunziata from which, probably in 1216, began the construction of a monastery and a church dedicated to the Immaculate.
In 1809 the monastery was abandoned by the followers of Saint Francis, following the suppression of the religious orders of the Napoleonic period, and their place was taken in 1847 by Passionists.
Remains today of the original building, the "Pozzo di San Francesco" and, on the ground floor of what was once the convent, the dining hall and monastery with the stone portals of the 16th century and with a series of 17th century frescoes depicting scenes from the life of St. Francis.
The urn containing the mortal remains of St. Gabriel, formerly preserved in the old church, has been translated into the new sanctuary. Pope John Paul II opened the crypt and tomb 30 June 1985.
In July 1929, Pope Pius XI raised the old sanctuary to the dignity of minor basilica.
Description
Old Sanctuary
The church has a basilica plan with a monumental facade made up un.ripiano punctuated complaint double column group containing three each arranged in a triangle. The entry into marble has three portals whose major center topped by a painted architrave.
The real facade is decorated with statues of saints on a side porch from which there is the body of architecture punctuated large central arch complaint. Alongside arch, used to the blessings, they are portrayed two important scenes from the life of St Gabriel. The architrave of the façade is styled Greek temple, with painted San Gabriel surround by angels. Three other statues decorate the architrave.
At the side of the facade there are two buildings that house the Brotherhood of San Gabriel and cover the church proper. Appears only a bell tower, while to the right, looking towards the façade, there is the modern steeple. Above the transept is a slender and slim celestial dome in diameter. A second dome of the church is in the original temple, one used by St. Gabriel in life. He Baroque appearance. Between the left building the façade of the sanctuary is the body there is a garden with a porch.
The interior has three naves and baroque aspects. The vaults are painted in light blue, while the chapels there are no relevant artistic elements. The apse is decorated in the style early Christian with the saints portrayed in false recesses. San Gabriel on the top bezel is between two archangels: Saint Gabriel and Saint Michael. The columns are decorated with Ionic capitals.
At the bottom of the church, the ground floor there is the crypt with the body of the saint. The crypt is built in Gothic style with fake marble narrow and high arches, arabesques in gold out praying angels portraits.
New sanctuary
The sanctuary is made like a Greek cross with four slender arms, but that connect by way of amp fans each end of the other arm. The roof is made of iron and rests above the entrance of the building that has a square concrete. Above this is the Iron Cross. The windows are green, placed in.maniera rhythmic and are rectangular.
The interior has lgnea cover on the roof and is very geometrically, since all three main enteate brought to the altar. It is located in the center of the church, resting on a marble platform that has diamond-shaped; while the apse is recognizable from a reddish glass decoration. At the altar, there are marble Baroque décor of the Crucified Jesus and the Holy Spirit venerated by two women, including Mother Teresa of Calcutta.
Pipe organ
The Church has been deprived of a pipe organ from the year of completion until 2012, when it was decided to provide the structure with a tool that was also adapted to the large size of the Church itself. The renowned house organ Claudio Anselmi Tamburini was in charge of the work.
The installed organ is an instrument used, manufactured in 1961 by the German company Späth (Opus 737); It is located in one body, on corner between nave and choir transept right. The instrument has 3,200 pipes for a total of 49 registers on three manuals, the transmission is electric.
There have been various interventions to allow installation in the Sanctuary and to get to the phonic available today. After the purchase by the famous retailer of used Ladach organs, the organ was dismantled and shipped from Germany to the organ workshop in Asciano (SI) where he was put back on track the phonic material, restored the bellows and changed windchests . Furthermore, given a poor supply of reed stops and flying the registers to the third manual, three new records were added, including oboe 8 'and Item Celeste 8'.
The console has also been completely redone, has three manuals of 56 notes each (C1-Sol5) and concave-parallel pedal of 30 notes (C1-Fa3).
Devotion
The urn with the remains of St. Gabriel in the modern sanctuary
The sanctuary of St. Gabriel is a very dear place of pilgrimage for young people. Two main events: one in March, one hundred days was an examination, to take a high school diploma, in which thousands of students from Abruzzo and Marche, arriving to the sanctuary, to pray for a Following the successful outcome, and in which the feathers are blessed; and another in the last week of August, it is celebrated the tent city during which hundreds of young people (but also not so young) camp for five days, giving life to a religious meeting.
Among the famous visitors of the shrine, Pope John Paul II and the then prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, Joseph Ratzinger. The memory of these visits is demonstrated by the photos shown in the new sanctuary.
Art
The modern sanctuary, to a design school and completed by the architect Gio Ponti Eugenio Abruzzini, houses fine examples of sacred art contemporary artists such as Enrico Accatino, Ugolino da Belluno, Guido Strazza, Tito Amodei, Nino Di Simone.
References
Churches in the province of Teramo
Saint Gabriel
Bruno Araújo dos Santos (born 7 February 1993), simply known as Bruno Santos, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right back for AEL Limassol.
Career
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Bruno Santos started his first experience abroad, when he signed for Campeonato Nacional de Seniores side Sourense in the summer of 2013. One year later, he moved to Freamunde.
On 29 June 2015, Bruno Santos signed a three-year deal with Paços de Ferreira.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Cypriot First Division players
G.D. Sourense players
S.C. Freamunde players
F.C. Paços de Ferreira players
AEL Limassol players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
The Asian Football Confederation's 1993 AFC Women's Championship was held from 3 to 12 December 1993 in Kuching, Malaysia. The tournament was won for the fourth consecutive time by China in the final against North Korea.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Semi-final
Third place match
Final
Winner
External links
RSSSF.com
Women's Championship
AFC Women's Asian Cup tournaments
International association football competitions hosted by Malaysia
Afc
AFC Women's Championship
AFC Women's Championship
AFC Women's Championship
Tihāmiyyah (Arabic: تهامية Tihāmiyyah; also known as Tihamiyya, Tihami) is the variety of Arabic originally spoken by the tribes, that belongs to the historic region of Yemeni Tihamah (Yemeni part only), although the term Tihamah refers to the Red Sea coastal plain of Arabia from the Gulf of Aqaba to the Bab el Mandeb Strait, including the Saudi (Hejazi) Coast.
Pronunciation
The Tihami Arabic or Tihamiyya dialect has many aspects which differentiate it from all other dialects in the Arab world. Phonologically Tihami is similar to the majority of Yemeni dialects, pronouncing the () as and the () as a velar plosive (the pronunciation is also shared with Egyptian Arabic) unlike San'ani and Hadhrami Arabic which pronounce the () as . Grammatically all Tihami dialects also share the unusual feature of replacing the definite article (al-) with the prefix (am-). The future tense, much like the dialects surrounding Sanaa, is indicated with the prefix (š-), for all persons, e.g. ša-būk am-sūq "I will go to the Souq". Some Tihami dialects, such as that spoken in Al-Hodeida, are otherwise fairly similar to other Yemeni dialects in grammar and syntax, differing mainly in vocabulary, while others can be so far from any other Arabic dialect that they are practically incomprehensible even to other Yemenis.
See also
Varieties of Arabic
Yemeni Arabic
Nemadi dialect
Zabid
References
External links
Shaghi, Abdullah and Imtiaz Hasanain (2009). Arabic Pausal Forms and Tihami Yemeni Arabic pausal /u/: History and Structure. In Hasnain S. Imtiaz (ed.) Aligarh Journal of linguistics. Department of Linguistics, Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh, India. Vol. 1, January- December 2009, 122-139.
Arabic languages
The 2007 ECM Prague Open was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was part of the 2007 ATP Challenger Series and of the 2007 WTA Tour as a Tier IV tournament. It took place in Prague, Czech Republic between 7 and 13 May 2007.
The tournament included tennis exhibition involving Goran Ivanisevic and Richard Krajicek.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
Players
Men's singles
Seeds
All rankings correspond to the ATP Challenger Tour
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Martin Durdík
Dušan Karol
Dušan Lojda
Félix Mantilla Botella
The following players received entry via a special exempt into the singles main draw:
Bohdan Ulihrach
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Mathieu Montcourt
Andis Juška
Peter Wessels
Timo Nieminen
Withdrawals
Bohdan Ulihrach (Left leg)
Jan Hájek (Left knee)
Men's doubles
Seeds
All rankings correspond to the ATP Challenger Tour
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Ivo Minář / Jiří Vaněk
Ladislav Chramosta / Filip Zeman
Women's singles
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Iveta Benešová
Karolína Plíšková
Kristýna Plíšková
The following players received an entry into the singles main draw as lucky losers:
Renata Voráčová
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová
Klára Zakopalová
Andrea Hlaváčková
Dominika Cibulková
Withdrawals
Renata Voráčová
Victoria Azarenka (Right hip strain)
Women's doubles
Seeds
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Kristýna Plíšková / Karolína Plíšková
Withdrawals
Arantxa Parra Santonja (Abdominal strain)
Finals
Men's singles
Dušan Lojda defeated Jiří Vaněk, 6–7(3–7), 6–2, 7–6(7–5)
Men's doubles
Tomáš Cibulec / Jordan Kerr defeated Leoš Friedl / David Škoch, 6–4, 6–2
Women's singles
Akiko Morigami defeated Marion Bartoli, 6–1, 6–3
Women's doubles
Petra Cetkovská / Andrea Hlaváčková defeated Ji Chunmei / Sun Shengnan, 7–6(9–7), 6–2
References
External links
Men's Singles draw
Men's Doubles draw
Women's Singles Qualifying and Main Draw, Women's Doubles draw
ITF Women's tournament draw
Prague Open
Prague Open
Prague Open
Prague
John Thomson (November 20, 1780December 2, 1852) was a United States Representative from Ohio.
Born in the Kingdom of Ireland, Thomson immigrated with his parents to the United States in 1787. He completed preparatory studies. He studied medicine, and in 1806, he moved to New Lisbon, Ohio, and practiced. He served in the Ohio Senate in 1814, 1815, and 1817–1820 and in the Ohio House of Representatives in 1816.
Thomson was elected to the Nineteenth Congress (March 4, 1825 – March 3, 1827). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1826 to the Twentieth Congress.
Thomson was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-first and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1829 – March 3, 1837). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1836. He resumed the practice of medicine.
He died in New Lisbon (now Lisbon), Columbiana County, Ohio, December 2, 1852. He was interred in New Lisbon Cemetery.
Sources
1780 births
1852 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
People from Lisbon, Ohio
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Physicians from Ohio
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
William Edward Bond (June 22, 1942 – August 18, 2013) was an American tennis player.
He entered high-level competition at an early age, reaching the second round of the 1958 U.S. National Championships. He continued to meet with success while attending the University of Southern California. He was a three-time All-American as part of a USC tennis team which won three consecutive NCAA Championships. In 1964, he and Dennis Ralston won the NCAA doubles title. William Kellogg, president of the La Jolla Beach and Tennis Club, later said "Bill was No. 7 in the all-time Boys' junior tennis rankings in Southern California (1960–1995). Other players ranked behind him included Jimmy Connors, Stan Smith, Michael Chang, Raúl Ramírez, and even Pete Sampras. Bill was a player!"
He was a member of the United States Junior Davis Cup team for three years, and of the United States Davis Cup team in 1963. He was ranked in the top 10 nationally as a singles player and played in 10 Grand Slam events.
Bond became the head teaching pro at the La Jolla Beach and Tennis Club and remained in the position for 34 years. His students included Terry Holladay, Alex O'Brien, Raúl Ramírez, and Chico Hagey. He and his father H. William Bond won the USTA National Father & Son Hard Court Championships five times.
Bill Bond retired in August 2005 and moved to Kauai with his wife Suzie. He died on August 18, 2013 at age 71.
References
External links
1942 births
2013 deaths
USC Trojans men's tennis players
American male tennis players
People from San Diego
Tennis people from California
Crazy Town is an American rap rock band.
Crazy Town or Crazytown may refer to:
"Crazy Town", a song by Velocity Girl from their album Copacetic
"Crazy Town" (song), a 2010 song by Jason Aldean
Crazy Town (film), a 1932 short animated film
Crazy Town: The Rob Ford Story, a 2014 book by Robyn Doolittle
Crazytown, a 1953 Harvey Films cartoon
"Crazytown" (Diesel song), 2006
Jojo Chintoh (born 1944) is a Ghanaian-Canadian television journalist who worked as a feature and documentary reporter for Citytv in Toronto until 2009–10.
Biography
Born in Ghana, Chintoh moved to Canada in 1969. He became editor of several newspapers, including Contrast, before joining Citytv in 1978. He was hired at a time when Moses Znaimer was making efforts to have television personalities reflect the diverse cultures of the city, and Chintoh was the first black reporter on the station. He focused on crime reporting for the station in the early 1990s.
In 1985, Chintoh received a CanPro award and a Gemini award nomination for his series Down-and-Out in Parkdale. He received the 1984 Sovereign Award from the Canadian Racing Community for his Quest for the Plate series.
References
External links
1940s births
Ghanaian emigrants to Canada
Canadian television journalists
Black Canadian broadcasters
Living people
The Ken is an Indian business news website based out of Bangalore, India. It was launched in 2016 as a premium subscriber-only platform that publishes one article per day. Till 2018, the website raised and in 2018, it raised from several investors including the Omidyar Network. Its founders include Rohin Dharmakumar, Seema Singh, Sumanth Raghavendra and Ashish Mishra. PayTM founder Vijay Shekhar Sharma is an investor.
After leaving The Ken, Ashish Mishra started a rival online publication called The Morning Context. The Ken has filed a lawsuit against Mishra. The Ken responded to a defamation notice from The Morning Context. The Ken withdrew its lawsuit against The Morning Context, Ashish Mishra and others on 24 May, 2022.
See also
Online journalism in India
References
External links
The Ken
The Ken on Twitter
Indian news websites
Mass media in Bangalore
Online journalism
The fish species of Hawaii inhabit the Hawaiian archipelago in the central North Pacific Ocean, southwest of the continental United States, southeast of Japan, and northeast of Australia. The islands are part of the State of Hawaii, United States. The state encompasses nearly the entire volcanic Hawaiian Island chain, comprising hundreds of islands spread over .
At the southeastern end of the archipelago, the eight "main islands" are (from the northwest to southeast) Niihau, Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lānai, Kahoolawe, Maui, and Hawaii. The Northwestern Hawaiian Islands include many atolls, and reefs. Due to Hawaii's isolation 30% of the fish are endemic (unique to the island chain).
In total the Hawaiian Islands comprise a total of 137 islands and atolls, with a total land area of . This archipelago and its oceans are physiographically and ethnologically part of the Polynesian subregion of Oceania.
The climate of Hawaii is typical for a tropical area, although temperatures and humidity tend to be a bit less extreme than other tropical locales due to the constant trade winds blowing from the east.
The surrounding waters are affected by effluents generated and released from the islands themselves. Floating plastic garbage is a problem, and refuse from the Great Pacific Garbage Patch affects its beaches. Other pressures on Hawaii's fish population are its fishing industries and whaling until IWC's moratorium in 1986. In the last century, some commercially fished stocks have decreased by 80-85%.
Due to its isolation, very few native freshwater fish species are found in Hawaii, and none are entirely restricted to freshwater (all are either anadromous, or also found in brackish and marine water in their adult stage).
The seven native fish species regularly seen in fresh water are the flagtail Kuhlia xenura, the mullet Mugil cephalus, the gobies Awaous stamineus, Lentipes concolor, Sicyopterus stimpsoni and Stenogobius hawaiiensis, and the sleeper goby Eleotris sandwicensis. Three of the gobies, A. stamineus, L. concolor and S. stimpsoni, are famous for their ability to climb waterfalls to reach higher sections of freshwater streams. Several other species have been introduced to the freshwater habitats of Hawaii and some of these are invasive.
Species of fish
Images
References
Further reading
- Total pages: 256
External links
huiwaa.org
Fish
Hawaii
HK Medvjedi, previously HK Alfa, is an ice hockey club from Sarajevo, Bosnia. The club was founded in 2003 and plays in the Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League.
History
HK Alfa was founded in 2003 but did not enter an active league until 2009 when they joined the Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League which had returned after a six year hiatus. HK Alfa finished the 2009–10 regular season in last place, winning only three of their ten games. During the season the team played under the name of Medvjedi iz Novog Sarajeva. The following season HK Alfa improved their performance after finishing second in the 2010–11 regular season and qualified for the best of three playoffs with HK Bosna who finished in first place. HK Alfa lost the playoff over two games, with HK Bosna going on to win their second league title. During the 2010–11 season HK Alfa also competed in the Jaroslav Jandourek Cup. Alfa was drawn against HK Ilidža 2010 for the first game. Alfa lost the game 3–6 and were knocked out of the competition. For the start of the 2011–12 season HK Alfa continued the use of playing under a nickname, this season playing as HK Medvjedi.
Season by season record
Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League
Jaroslav Jandourek Cup
2011 Jaroslav Jandourek Cup — Lost semi-final 3–6 vs. HK Ajkule Ilidža 2010
References
2003 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Alfa
Sport in Sarajevo
Ice hockey clubs established in 2003
WBPZ-TV, UHF analog channel 32, was a television station licensed to Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, United States. The station was owned by the Lock Haven Broadcasting Corporation.
History
WBPZ-TV began broadcasting in March 1958, from its transmitter atop Sugar Lusk Mountain. Channel 32's establishment made Lock Haven the smallest city in the United States with its own television outlet—and WBPZ-TV the smallest station in the United States. The station would operate as an ABC affiliate, with some NBC programs, by rebroadcasting the output of Wilkes-Barre television station WILK-TV (channel 34). The radio station added five employees in anticipation of the new television operation. Soon after launching, WBPZ-TV appeared on cable systems from State College to Williamsport.
WBPZ-TV ceased operating on September 4, 1959, citing financial pressures; the radio station continued operating. The next year, the Lock Haven Broadcasting Corporation reached an agreement to sell channel 32 to Scranton Broadcasters, owners of WDAU-TV (channel 22) in Scranton; under the proposal, which never became reality, Scranton Broadcasters would have leased the equipment for three years with an option to buy, and channel 32 would have repeated channel 22 for Williamsport, Lock Haven and State College. An agreement was reached to donate equipment used by the television station to Lock Haven State College in 1962; the college lacked interest in operating a broadcast facility, and a second offer was made to the local school board in 1965. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) canceled WBPZ-TV's license in 1965 as part of a purge of unbuilt or non-operational UHF television stations.
References
Television channels and stations established in 1958
Television channels and stations disestablished in 1959
BPZ-TV
Defunct television stations in the United States
BPZ-TV
1958 establishments in Pennsylvania
1959 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Lock Haven, Pennsylvania
"St. John's Eve" (; translit. Večer nakanune Ivana Kupala), also known as "The Eve of Ivan Kupala," is the second short story in the collection Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka by Nikolai Gogol. It was first published in 1830 in the literary Russian periodical Otechestvennye Zapiski and in book form in 1831.
Plot summary
This story is retold by Rudy Panko from Foma Grigorievich, the sexton of the Dikanka church. Rudy is in the middle of reading the story to the reader when Foma interrupts and demands to tell it his way. His grandfather used to live in an old village not far from Dikanka that no longer exists. There lived a Cossack named Korzh, his daughter Pidorka, and his worker Petro. Petro and Pidorka fall in love. One day, Korzh catches Pidorka and Petro kissing and is about to whip Petro, but he stops when his son Ivas pleads for his father not to beat the worker. Korzh instead takes Petro outside and tells him to never come to his home again, and the lovers are distraught. Petro is willing to do anything to see Pidorka again, so he meets with Basavriuk, a stranger who frequents the village tavern and who is believed by the villagers to be the devil himself. Basavriuk tells Petro to meet him in Bear's Ravine in order to obtain the treasure that will allow him to reunite with Pidorka.
When Petro arrives at the location, he is instructed to find and pluck a fern that blooms on Kupala Night. When Petro picks the flower, a witch appears and hands him a spade. Petro digs up the treasure, but he cannot open it until blood has been shed. He is prepared to use his own blood but is presented with Ivas who has been captured. Petro is initially reluctant, but overcome by uncertainty, he decapitates the child and obtains the gold. He then immediately falls asleep for two days, and when he awakens, he sees the gold but cannot remember where it came from. Petro appeases Korzh with the gold, and he marries Pidorka. After they are married, Petro becomes increasingly distant and insane, constantly obsessing over what he has forgotten. As a last resort, Pidorka is convinced to visit the witch for help, and she brings her to their home. Upon seeing the witch, Petro regains his memory of the night and hurls an axe at the witch, who disappears. Ivas appears at the door covered in blood, and Petro is carried away by the devil. All that remains is a pile of ashes where he once stood, and the gold has turned into pieces of broken pottery.
After this, Basavriuk begins to appear in the village again and Pidorka goes on a pilgrimage. Foma's grandfather's aunt still had problems with the devil however; a party is ruined when a roast lamb comes alive, a chalice bows to his grandfather, and a bowl begins to dance. Even after sprinkling the entire area with holy water the tavern remains possessed, so the village becomes abandoned.
Background
The story takes place in a Ukrainian village; as such, Gogol uses gastronomy to portray Ukrainian customs, including during the wedding of Petro and Pidorka, the narrator's prayer for his grandfather, and the description of the witch's face ("like a baked apple"). St. John's Eve further reflects Ukrainian traditions in the complicated wedding rites described in the story. The temporal setting is the holiday season, which plays a role in the plot of the story.
The story is considered a Kunstmarchen, a fairy tale that is based in reality or folk tale told by a subjective narrator. Foma Grigorievich, the narrator, describes his grandfather's stories as themselves magically efficacious. In St. John's Eve, as in Gogol's other stories, the laws of nature are often broken; for instance, the devil's gifts float in water.
The genre of the story, much like the characterization of the devil character Basavriuk, is initially romantic comedy and ends as "romantic horror."
Influences
St. John's Eve is considered to contain allusions to E.T.A. Hoffman's Der Sandmann and Ignaz Denner.<ref name=":0">{{Cite journal|last=Krys|first=Svitlana|date=2009-06-01|title=Allusions to Hoffmann in Gogols Early Ukrainian Horror Stories|url=https://doi.org/10.1080/00085006.2009.11092612|journal=Canadian Slavonic Papers|volume=51|issue=2–3|pages=243–266|doi=10.1080/00085006.2009.11092612|s2cid=194072348|issn=0008-5006}}</ref> It also has similarities to Liebeszauber by Ludwig Tieck. The all-powerful demon character has been compared to the occult elements in the works of Hieronymus Bosch.
Gogol used motifs and descriptions of folk customs found in the poetry of Nikolai Markevich, including the descriptions of witches who conceals the stars and of the fern that should be found on Kupala night.
Significance
This short story was famously the main inspiration for the Russian composer Modest Mussorgsky's tone poem, Night on Bald Mountain, made known to the wider international audience by its use in Disney's Fantasia. Mussorgsky had abandoned an earlier project, an opera based on the short story.
Nikolai Gogol's work has been compared to that of Oscar Wilde; the beheading of Ivas parallels the murder by Savile in Lord Arthur Savile's Crime''. In both stories, the sacrifice of the blood of an innocent is a prerequisite for marriage.
Adaptations
The story was adapted in an eponymous movie from the Ukrainian SSR directed by Yuri Ilyenko, featuring Larisa Kadochnikova and Boris Khmelnitsky in lead roles that was released in the Soviet Union in February 1969.
References
External links
Short stories by Nikolai Gogol
Short stories set in the Russian Empire
1830 short stories
Short stories adapted into films
Eve
The 1994–95 Lebanese Premier League season was the 35th season of the Lebanese Premier League, the top Lebanese professional league for association football clubs in the country, established in 1934.
Ahli Saida and Harakat Shabab joined as the promoted clubs from the 1993–94 Lebanese Second Division. They replaced Shabab Sahel and Riada Wal Adab who were relegated to the 1994–95 Lebanese Second Division. Ansar, the defending champions, won their seventh consecutive—and overall—Lebanese Premier League title.
League table
Top scorers
References
External links
RSSSF
Leb
1994–95 in Lebanese football
Lebanese Premier League seasons
Kaushal Kishore Mishra (also Koushal Kishor Mishra) (born 1957) is a retired professor of political science at the Banaras Hindu University (BHU). He was formerly the Dean (27th) of the Faculty of Social Sciences, Banaras Hindu University, preceding Arvind Kumar Joshi. Previously, he has been the head of the department of Political Science at Faculty of Social Sciences, Banaras Hindu University from 2014 to 2017. He has been the chair(professorship) of the Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay Chair. He edited the Indian Journal of Political Science from 2016 to 2018.
K.K. Mishra has been in media because of a number of controversial statements.
Education
K.K. Mishra is a 1977 graduate of political science from the Banaras Hindu University, from where he also got his M.A. in political science with gold medal for first position in 1979. He earned his PhD from his alma mater Banaras Hindu University in the year 1984 on the topic ().
Controversies
Cow dung cake 'training'
In February 2022, a video was posted on Twitter by the Dean, Faculty of Social Science (Mishra), with caption "Students learning the skill of making Upla from cow dung". In the video posted by Mishra's official account, he was seen sitting among students of the Integrated Village Development Centre at a workshop on the subject. This drew flak from social media users as the art of making Upla from cow dung has already been prevalent in the rural parts of India, and as they criticized the "wasteful expenditure" of taxpayer's money on "futile deeds".
On 11 February 2022, Sanghmitra Maurya, BJP, the ruling party's Member of Parliament raised in Lok Sabha to question and condemn this conduct of K.K. Mishra, without naming him, as per parliamentary rules. She also demanded action against him.
Nita Ambani Professorship
In March 2021, a controversy stirred when some local media reported quoting Koushal Kishor Mishra that Nita Ambani shall be joining the Banaras Hindu University as a visiting professor. However, as the news gained popularity, Nita Ambani's Reliance Industries issued a press statement saying that they have not received any such proposal, nor any such decision has been made. Simultaneously, Banaras Hindu University's Public Relations Office issued a press release denying local news reports. It was later clarified by Kosuhal Kishor Mishra, with evidence of communication with the Reliance Industries that a proposal in this regard was indeed sent from his office, i.e. the Office of Dean.
Ravish Kumar's Allegations
In February 2019, Mishra was accused by journalist Ravish Kumar for allegedly publishing his and others' mobile number publicly on social media with a malicious intention. In his facebook post, Koushal Kishor Mishra had shared number and asked his followers to 'congratulate them' for being 'anti-India'.
GST in Kautilya's Arthashashtra
In 2017, Mishra introduced a question in postgraduate semester examination asking students to write an essay on the nature of GST in Kautilya's Arthashastra. This was objected by some students and public, however, Mishra defended himself by saying "So what if these are not in the textbook? Isn't it our job to find newer ways to teach?"
Attack on Somnath Bharti
Koushal Kishor Mishra was arrested in May 2014 for allegedly instigating attack on Aam Aadmi Party leader Somnath Bharti. He was later released on two personal surety bonds on the same day.
Books
K.K. Mishra has authored several books on political science, some of which are:
Rāmacaritamānasa Mein Rāma-rajya ()
Mahabharat Mein Raj-Dharma ()
Manusmriti Mein Rajtantra ()
भारतीय राजनीति में: पं दीनदयाल उपाध्याय और भारतीय जनता पार्टी का योगदान ()
References
Banaras Hindu University faculty
1957 births
Living people
The 2020 Lehigh Mountain Hawks football team represented Lehigh University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Mountain Hawks were led by second-year head coach Tom Gilmore and played their home games at Goodman Stadium. They competed as a member of the Patriot League.
On July 13, 2020, the Patriot League announced that it would cancel its fall sports seasons due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The league announced a spring schedule on February 5, with the first games set to be played on March 13.
Schedule
Lehigh had games scheduled against Columbia, on September 19 and Yale, on October 3, which were later canceled before the start of the 2020 season.
References
Lehigh
Lehigh Mountain Hawks football seasons
College football winless seasons
Lehigh Mountain Hawks football
Anthonia Marie "Anke" Rijnders (born 23 August 1956) is a former butterfly and freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics. As a member of the Dutch relay teams she finished in fifth place, both in the 4 × 100 m medley and the 4 × 100 m freestyle. On her personal starts, Rijnders finished in seventh (200 m freestyle) and eighth (400 m freestyle) place.
The same year she set three European records, in the 200 m and 400 m freestyle and 4 × 100 m medley relay.
She married the water polo player Wouter Gerritse and changed her last name to Gerritse. Their son, Willem Wouter Gerritse, is also a water polo player.
References
1956 births
Living people
Dutch female butterfly swimmers
Dutch female freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the Netherlands
Swimmers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Sportspeople from Amersfoort
Doctor is a 1963] Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by M. S. Mani and produced by H. H. Ebrahim. The film stars Sathyan, Sheela, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and T. S. Muthaiah. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan. The film received a certificate of merit at the National Film Awards.
Cast
Sathyan as Rajendran
Sheela as Jayasree
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Madhava menon
T. S. Muthaiah as Alex
Adoor Pankajam
J. A. R. Anand
Kottayam Chellappan
Nellikode Bhaskaran
O Madhavan
S. P. Pillai
K. V. Shanthi as Seetha
Susheel
Shyam
Usha
Shantha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1963 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Schizolaena is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Sarcolaenaceae. They are endemic to Madagascar.
Species
The genus includes the following species:
Schizolaena capuronii
Schizolaena cauliflora
Schizolaena cavacoana
Schizolaena charlotteae
Schizolaena elongata
Schizolaena exinvolucrata
Schizolaena gereaui
Schizolaena hystrix
Schizolaena isaloensis
Schizolaena manomboensis
Schizolaena masoalensis
Schizolaena microphylla
Schizolaena milleri
Schizolaena noronhae
Schizolaena parviflora
Schizolaena parvipetala
Schizolaena pectinata
Schizolaena raymondii
Schizolaena rosea
Schizolaena tampoketsana
Schizolaena turkii
Schizolaena viscosa
References
Malvales genera
The women's masters competition for bowling at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines was held on 7 and 8 December 2019 at Coronado Lanes, Starmall EDSA-Shaw.
Schedule
All times are Philippine Standard Time (UTC+8).
Results
Preliminary
Detailed result as in below:
Stepladder finals
References
Women's masters
Diploastrea is a genus of corals. It is the only genus in the monotypic family Diploastreidae.
Species
The following species are recognized in the genus Diploastrea:
Diploastrea heliopora (Lamarck, 1816)
†Diploastrea polygonalis (Martin, 1880)
References
Scleractinia genera
Diploastreidae
Hong Hu (; born June 1940) is a Chinese politician who served as governor of Jilin from 1999 to 2004. He was a delegate to the 9th, 10th, and 11th National People's Congress. He was a member of the 14th CCP Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. He was a member of the 15th and 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.
Biography
Hong was born in Jinzhai County, Anhui, in January 1940, to Hong Xuezhi (1913–2006), a general in the People's Liberation Army, and Zhang Wen (). In 1958, he entered Beijing Institute of Technology, majoring in the Department of Chemical Engineering. After graduating in 1963, he was assigned to Jilin Chemical Industrial Company, and then the Qinghai Liming Chemical Plant in October 1965. He worked there for 12 years.
Hong joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in June 1965, and got involved in politics in December 1977, when he was appointed director of the Comprehensive Planning Division of the Second Bureau of the Ministry of Chemical Industry. He became a director in the newly founded National Machinery Industry Committee in March 1980, and a director in the newly founded State Commission for Restructing Economy in May 1982. In November 1984, he became deputy secretary-general of the State Commission for Restructing Economy, rising to secretary-general in February 1991. He also served as a deputy director from February 1991 to December 1994. In March 1988, he was chosen as deputy director of the Economic Restructuring Office of the State Council, but having held the position for only five months.
In August 1999, he was transferred to northeast China's Jilin province and appointed deputy party secretary. In September, he was named acting governor, confirmed in February 1999.
In February 2005, he took office as vice chairperson of the National People's Congress Constitution and Law Committee, a post he kept until March 2013.
References
1940 births
Living people
People from Jinzhai County
Beijing Institute of Technology alumni
Governors of Jilin
People's Republic of China politicians from Anhui
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Anhui
Delegates to the 9th National People's Congress
Delegates to the 10th National People's Congress
Delegates to the 11th National People's Congress
Members of the 15th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Trnje (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Črenšovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia. Črnec Creek, a tributary of the Ledava, flows through the settlement.
References
External links
Trnje on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Črenšovci
Chittenden Corporation was a banking company founded in Burlington, Vermont. The stock was traded on the New York Stock Exchange from 1974 to 2007. The company merged on January 1, 2008, with People's United Bank in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Chittenden Corporation was a bank holding company that provided financial services through its banking subsidiaries. The company was the holding company parent and owned 100% of the common stock of Chittenden Trust Company (doing business as Chittenden Bank), Flagship Bank and Trust Company, The Bank of Western Massachusetts, Maine Bank & Trust, and Ocean National Bank. Through its subsidiaries, Chittenden offered a variety of lending services, with loans totaling approximately $4.7 billion during the year ended December 31, 2006. Chittenden's largest loan categories were commercial loans and residential real estate loans. Commercial loans included commercial, municipal, multi-family residential real estate, commercial real estate and construction. Chittenden owned banks in Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and Massachusetts.
People's United Bank
As of July 2010, all seven banks were integrated under the People's United Bank brand, and no longer are referred to as divisions of the organization.
References
External links
Chittenden Bank Website, Internet Archives 1996-2011
Defunct banks of the United States
Defunct companies based in Vermont
Banks established in 1947
1947 establishments in Vermont
Banks disestablished in 2008
2008 disestablishments in Vermont
2008 mergers and acquisitions
United Nations Security Council resolution 1575, adopted unanimously on 22 November 2004, after recalling previous resolutions on the conflicts in the former Yugoslavia, including resolutions 1031 (1995), 1088 (1996), 1423 (2002), 1491 (2003) and 1551 (2004), the council defined the role of EUFOR Althea in Bosnia and Herzegovina as a legal successor to the Stabilisation Force (SFOR).
Resolution
Observations
The security council emphasised the importance of the implementation of the Dayton Agreement (General Framework Agreement) and welcomed contributions from SFOR, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and other international organisations. The situation continued to constitute a threat to peace and security and the council was determined to promote a peaceful resolution of the conflict. Furthermore, it noted that the European Union was intending to launch a follow-on mission with a military component from December 2004.
Acts
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the council reminded the parties to the Dayton Agreement of their responsibility to implement the agreement. It emphasised the role of the High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina to monitor its implementation. It also attached importance to co-operation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
The security council commended the countries participating in SFOR and welcomed the establishment of a follow-on mission from December 2004 by the European Union. It also authorised the use of necessary measures, including that of the use of force and self-defense, to ensure compliance with the agreements and the safety and freedom of movement of SFOR personnel. All agreements would apply to the follow-on mission.
The resolution further welcomed the deployment of the European Union's Police Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina since 1 January 2003, which had replaced the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Finally, it requested the Secretary-General Kofi Annan to report on progress the parties had made towards the implementation of their peace agreements.
See also
Bosnian War
Dayton Agreement
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1501 to 1600 (2003–2005)
Yugoslav Wars
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
1575
1575
2004 in Bosnia and Herzegovina
1575
November 2004 events
The Berkeley Poetry Conference was an event in which individuals presented their views and poems in seminars, lectures, individual readings, and group readings at California Hall on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley during July 12–24, 1965.
The conference was organized through the University of California Extension Programs. The advisory committee consisted of Thomas Parkinson, Professor of English at U.C. Berkeley, Donald M. Allen, West Coast Editor of Grove Press, Robert Duncan, Poet, and Richard Baker, Program Coordinator.
Roster
The roster of scheduled poets consisted of:
Robin Blaser, Robert Creeley, Richard Duerden, Robert Duncan, Allen Ginsberg, Leroi Jones (Amiri Baraka), Joanne Kyger, Ron Loewinsohn, Charles Olson, Gary Snyder, Jack Spicer, George Stanley, Lew Welch, and John Wieners. Leroi Jones (Amiri Baraka) did not participate; Ed Dorn was pressed into service.
Seminars
July 12 – July 16, Gary Snyder
July 12 – July 16, Robert Duncan
July 19 – July 23, LeRoi Jones (scheduled)
July 19 – July 23, Charles Olson
Poets
July 12, New Poets
July 13, Gary Snyder
July 14, John Wieners
July 15, Jack Spicer
July 16, Robert Duncan
July 17, Robin Blaser, George Stanley and Richard Duerden
July 19, New Poets
July 20, Robert Creeley
July 21, Allen Ginsberg
July 22, LeRoi Jones
July 23, Charles Olson
July 24, Ron Loewinsohn, Joanne Kyger and Lew Welch
Lectures
July 13, Robert Duncan, Psyche-Myth and the Moment of Truth
July 14, Jack Spicer, Poetry and Politics
July 16, Gary Snyder, Poetry and the Primitive
July 20, Charles Olson, Causal Mythology
July 21, Ed Dorn, The Poet, the People, the Spirit
July 22, Allen Ginsberg, What's Happening on Earth
July 23, Robert Creeley, Sense of Measure
Readings
July 13, Gary Snyder, introduced by Thomas Parkinson.
July 14, John Wieners, introduced by Robert Creeley.
July 15, Jack Spicer, introduced by Thomas Parkinson.
July 16, Robert Duncan, introduced by Thomas Parkinson.
July 17, Robin Blaser, George Stanley, Richard Duerden, introduced by Robert Duncan.
July 18, Young Poets: Jim Boyack, Robin Eichele, Victor Coleman, Bob Hogg, Stephen Rodefer, David Franks, introduced by Victor Coleman.
July 19, Special Poetry Reading: John Sinclair, Lenore Kandel, Ted Berrigan, Ed Sanders, introduced by Allen Ginsberg.
July 20, Ed Dorn, introduced by Robert Creeley.
July 21, Allen Ginsberg, introduced by Thomas Parkinson.
July 22, Robert Creeley, introduced by Robert Duncan.
July 23, Charles Olson, introduced by Robert Duncan.
July 24, Ron Loewinsohn, Joanne Kyger, Lew Welch, introduced by Robert Duncan.
July 25, Young Poets from the Bay Area: Gene Fowler, Jim Wehlage, Eileen Adams, Doug Palmer, Sam Thomas, Gail Dusenbery, Drum Hadley, Lowell Levant, Jim Thurber, introduced by Gary Snyder.
There was a reading by David Bromige, David Schaff, James Koller and Ken Irby, but the tape has been lost.
Among the younger poets who attended the conference but did not perform were Maria Damon, Ron Silliman, Anne Waldman, and Lewis Warsh. Louis Simpson cited the conference when he resigned his position at Berkeley.
During this event, Charles Olson was designated President of Poets, and Allen Ginsberg, Secretary of State of Poetry. Robert Creeley remarked, "There will never be another poetry conference in Berkeley; Berkeley is too bizarre."
External links
There are sound recordings archived at the U.C. Berkeley Language Center.
U.B. Poetics discussion group
See also
Poetry
List of years in poetry
Poetry organizations
University of California, Berkeley
Savitar is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. An immensely powerful speedster that leads a cult dedicated to the Speed Force, he has battled Wally West, Jay Garrick, and Barry Allen.
A variation of the character appeared in the third season of The CW's live-action television series The Flash, voiced by Tobin Bell and portrayed by Grant Gustin.
Publication history
Savitar first appeared in Flash (vol. 2) #108 (December 1995), and was created by Mark Waid and Oscar Jimenez.
Fictional character biography
Savitar was originally an unnamed pilot for a third-world nation that was to test a supersonic fighter jet during the Cold War. As he reached top speed, his plane was struck by what appeared to be lightning and he went down in hostile territory. Discovering he could defeat the enemy by moving at super-speed, he became obsessed, naming himself after the Hindu "god of motion" Savitar and dedicating his life to unlocking its secrets. As he studied, Savitar discovered new powers that no other living speedster has mastered. He can protect himself in a null-inertia force field, give speed and kinetic energy to objects or people, even those in a "rest state", and he could also heal his own injuries almost instantly.
Savitar's obsession gained followers, and he became the leader of a cult. In search of more knowledge, he sought out the only super-speed hero operating at the time: Johnny Quick. This encounter became a battle, the tide of which was turned with Max Mercury's arrival leading Savitar toward the Speed Force, but causing him to bounce off, both speedsters being thrown forward in time. Emerging from the timestream before Savitar, Max Mercury became a mentor to the Flash family's various members and other speedsters, secretly preparing them against the day Savitar would exit the timestream.
Reappearing decades later, Savitar found that his cult had grown in his absence, awaiting his return. He recruited former Blue Trinity member Lady Flash (Christina Alexandrova), and discovered a way to use the woman's speed to divert all energy from the Speed Force to his own army of ninjas. He then sought to eliminate the competition: The Flash (Wally West), Impulse, Golden Age Flash (Jay Garrick), Johnny Quick, Jesse Quick, XS and Max Mercury.
Wally's direct Speed Force connection prevented Savitar from stealing Wally's speed, and a coalition of just about every speedster (except for Red Trinity) foiled his plans. Hell-bent on at least destroying the Flash's world in retribution, Savitar led Wally on a worldwide race of destruction, until the Flash chose to give Savitar what he wanted: union with the Speed Force. His earlier encounter had shown him that the others who had arrived before would deal with Savitar as they saw fit.
In The Flash Rebirth mini-series, Savitar was able to escape from the Speed Force. He was run down by the Flash (Barry Allen) but Savitar disintegrates when the Flash touches him, leaving only a pile of bones. It is revealed that Professor Zoom altered Barry's Speed Force connection to make the Flash shift in reverse, cursed to kill every Speed Force user with a single touch until a conflict between the Flash and Zoom. Savitar, Lady Savitar (Christina Alexandrova) and Johnny Quick have been killed by this effect.
In DC Rebirth, Troia (a version of Donna Troy from an alternate future) recalls that Wally was killed by either Savitar or Brother Blood from that time.
A retcon following Infinite Frontier establishes that Savitar, escaping his imprisonment at Barry's hands in the Speed Force, was responsible for the deaths at Sanctuary in Heroes in Crisis, not Wally West as originally believed. The explosion was caused as the Speed Force attempted to eject Savitar at various points along the timeline, succeeding at Sanctuary. Battling Wally during a frozen moment in time, Wally brings him back to the present, leaving recorded history untouched, before defeating Savitar and adding his power to his own.
Powers and abilities
Savitar can move at super-speed, and is able to lend or steal speed from moving objects. He has accelerated healing due to increased metabolism and can generate a null Inertia force field.
In other media
Television
An amalgamation of Savitar and the Future Flash appears in the third season of The CW's live-action television series The Flash, voiced by Tobin Bell and portrayed by Grant Gustin while stuntman Andre Tricoteux portrayed Savitar's powered armor. Savitar's origins are a predestination paradox; he is a temporal duplicate of the Flash's future self using time travel in order to defeat Savitar. Although Savitar is ultimately defeated, the time remnant is spared but shunned by the rest of his friends and family for being an aberration. As a result, he goes back in time to set in motion the events that led to his own creation, including the death of Iris. Savitar's presence is "chronologically" the multiverse's first metahuman with speed. Naming himself after the Hindu god of motion, he is worshipped by his own cult. Long-held myths referenced Savitar throughout the multiverse with even Jay believing these stories, and with Savitar regarded as a worse nemesis than the Reverse-Flash, Zoom and the Thinker. From his prison, Savitar manipulates Julian Albert into acquiring the Philosopher's Stone, through which Doctor Alchemy can re-empower metahumans from the Flashpoint timeline. After manipulating Kid Flash into freeing him from his prison, Savitar next convinces Killer Frost to be his personal enforcer. When Savitar reveals his true identity to Barry, it forces his younger self to confront his own dark impulses and temptations that plagued him. Savitar's plan of Iris' murder before Barry (which would lead to his own creation), however, is ruined with the sacrifice of Earth-19's H.R. Wells by impersonating Iris. To save himself, Savitar manipulates Vibe to fragment himself throughout all time and then goad his original self to give in to dark impulses as Savitar himself. However, both efforts are foiled by Team Flash and Savitar is erased from existence after being shot by Iris. In season five, Savitar has a cameo appearance when Barry and Nora time travel to season three and observe his final battle.
Video games
Savitar appears in DC Legends.
References
External links
Characters created by Mark Waid
Comics characters introduced in 1995
DC Comics martial artists
DC Comics metahumans
DC Comics supervillains
DC Comics characters who can move at superhuman speeds
DC Comics characters with accelerated healing
Fictional characters with dimensional travel abilities
Fictional characters who can manipulate time
Fictional characters with electric or magnetic abilities
Fictional characters with absorption or parasitic abilities
Fictional aviators
Fictional fighter pilots
Flash (comics) characters
Time travelers
Ostatnia misja ("The Last Mission") is a Polish film directed by Wojciech Wójcik. It was filmed in 1999, from 6 January to 1 March.
The band O.N.A. created the music for the film.
Cast
Peter J. Lucas – Andrzej Kostynowicz
Janusz Gajos - police officer Piotr Sobczak
Ewa Gorzelak - Monika Górska
Piotr Fronczewski - Józef Muran
Mirosław Baka - Bruno Wiśniewski, Muran's man
Artur Żmijewski - Krzysztof Myszkowski
Piotr Rzymyszkiewicz - agent
Tomasz Białkowski - Colonel Tremiere
Paweł Wilczak - aspirant Kowal, Sobczak's man
Joachim Lamża - David, an FBI agent resident in Poland
Wojciech Kalarus - police officer I
Jan Kozaczuk - police officer II
Bartłomiej Świderski - police officer III
Mirosław Zbrojewicz - Sztych
Sławomir Orzechowski - Rekord
Sebastian Nietupski - Makumba, Bruno's man
Zbigniew Dziduch - Rekord's guard
Krzysztof Szczerbiński - drug dealer
Antoni Wilkoński - Mateusz, Sobczak's grandson
Zuzanna Wojtal - Ewa, Sobczak's grandson
Małgorzata Foremniak - Sobczak's daughter
Maria Pakulnis - Dr Sawicka
Sybilla Rostek - Kałużyńska's secretary
Borys Jaźnicki - Muran's secretary
Jacek Braciak - courier company worker
Jerzy Kamas - Stefan Dębowski
Lech Łotocki - police specialist I
Igor Sawin - police specialist
Krzysztof Kalczyński - president of Biznes Klub
Zbigniew Geiger - Farina
Sławomir Tomczak - man on the street
Danuta Stenka - Kałużyńska
Andrzej Piszczatowski - Prefekt
Marek Barbasiewicz - Paweł Górski, Monika's stepfather
Andrzej Żółkiewski - police officer in hotel reception I
Wojciech Majchrzak - police officer in hotel reception II
Grzegorz Miśtal - receptionist in hotel
Michał Grudziński - Kostynowicz's doctor
Maciej Kozłowski - Cortez
Janusz Nowicki - General Winkler
External links
Ostatnia misja at filmweb.pl
Ostatnia misja at imdb.com
Ostatnia misja at filmpolski.pl
Ostatnia misja at stopklatka.pl
Polish drama films
Rudenz Castle is a ruined castle atop a hill in the municipality of Giswil in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. The castle and surroundings are a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
Rudenz Castle is the easternmost of three ruined castles in Giswil. Traditionally thought to be part of a defensive line due to their proximity and that they lay in a straight line, they are now generally believed to be three separate castles built for different purposes. The westernmost, Rosenberg Castle was built by the bailiff of Murbach-Lucerne Abbey in 12th century. It lies about from Rudenz. The center castle, Hunwil Castle was completely demolished to provide stone for the parish church which was dedicated in 1635.
The Rudenz family were a knightly family in the Haslital in the Canton of Bern. They were in the service of the Freiherr of Brienz-Ringgenberg and around 1200 crossed over into Unterwalden, where they established the castle in Giswil. The Unterwalden branch of the family spread in central Switzerland, eventually marrying into local noble families, such as the Attinghausen, and acquiring Rudenz Castle in Uri. Eventually the family split into two separate branches, one in Bern and the other in central Switzerland. Under Johann II von Rudenz, the family's power reached its pinnacle. However, he was last of the Rudenz family, and with his death in 1383 the castle passed through the hands of several local noble families.
Very little is recorded about the castle after 1383. In 1478 the Landammann Heinrich Bürgler was mentioned as the castle owner. His son also owned it and probably lived there in 1501. The southwest entrance, which is still visible today, was probably added to the castle around this time. The castle continued to be occupied at least through the mid 16th century. At some point, the castle was abandoned and partially demolished, probably to provide building material.
In 1850 the ruins were excavated discovering arrows, lance tips and stirrups. Additional artifacts were discovered in 1887 during construction of the Brünig railway line near the castle. In 2008 the castle was cleaned and repaired and in 2010 it became the property of the Canton.
Castle site
The castle is a slightly rectangular tower of about . The walls are up to thick and today stand no more than high. The original high entrance and wooden external stairways were both demolished. The low entrance was probably added in the early 16th century and is located on the south west corner.
See also
List of castles and fortresses in Switzerland
References
Castles in Obwalden
Cultural property of national significance in Obwalden
"In Memoriam: President Garfield's Funeral March" is a funeral dirge composed by John Philip Sousa in 1881, while serving as director of "the President's Own" United States Marine Band, for the state funeral of President of the United States James Garfield. It was debuted during the committal of Garfield's remains and, 51 years later, was performed at Sousa's own funeral by the Marine Band. It is one of only two compositions Sousa dedicated to an American president, the other one being "President Garfield's Inauguration", both of which were made to Garfield.
Background
On July 2, 1881 at the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Station in Washington, D.C., President of the United States James Garfield was shot at close range by Charles J. Guiteau who, upon being apprehended by police, yelled, "Arthur is now President"! Garfield, then the third youngest president in American history, died 79 days later in Elberon, New Jersey where he had been taken to recover. The announcement of Garfield's death came as a surprise to the public as news accounts prior to that point had reported he had been recovering satisfactorily.
Both John Philip Sousa and Garfield were members of the same Masonic lodge. While reclining in bed, Sousa heard newspaperboys shouting the news of Garfield's death. Shocked, he left his bed and went for a long walk through Washington. By the next morning he had composed the melody for what would be called "In Memoriam: President Garfield's Funeral March". On returning home, he committed it to paper. "In Memoriam" was one of only two compositions Sousa dedicated to American presidents, the other was "President Garfield's Inauguration March", composed earlier in the year 1881 for the occasion of Garfield's inauguration.
Performances
"In Memoriam" was performed by "the President's Own" United States Marine Band, under Sousa's direction, as Garfield's body arrived in Washington for the lying in state. The Marine Band's first trip outside of Washington, under Sousa, occurred the following week when it traveled to Cleveland, Ohio for the funeral where the dirge was again performed during funeral rites.
Fifty-one years later, "In Memoriam" was performed for Sousa's own funeral by the Marine Band as his remains were escorted to the Congressional Cemetery for interment.
See also
Assassination of James A. Garfield
Funeral Sentences and Music for the Funeral of Queen Mary
James A. Garfield Memorial
References
Sousa marches
James A. Garfield
1881 compositions
David Odell (born July 8, 1943) is an American screenwriter and film director.
Odell was nominated in 1980 for an Emmy for Outstanding Writing in a Variety or Music Program for The Muppet Show alongside Jim Henson, Don Hinkley, and Jerry Juhl. He won the award the following year with co-nominees Jerry Juhl and Chris Langham.
Filmography
Cry Uncle! (1971)
Between Time and Timbuktu (with Fred Barzyk and David R. Loxton) (1972) (TV)
Dealing: Or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues (with Paul Williams) (1972)
The Muppet Show (1979–1981) (TV)
The Muppet Movie (with Jack Burns and Jerry Juhl) (1979) (uncredited)
Running Scared (1980)
The Dark Crystal (1982)
Nate and Hayes (with John Hughes) (1983)
Supergirl (1984)
Masters of the Universe (1987)
Tales from the Darkside (1987) (TV)
Monsters (1988–1990) (TV)
Martians Go Home (1990) (Director)
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
American film directors
American male screenwriters
American television writers
Emmy Award winners
American male television writers
Egindikol District (, ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Egindikol. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Peter Willett is an Emeritus Professor of Information Science at the University of Sheffield, England.
Life and education
Willett was born 20 April 1953, obtained an Honors degree in Chemistry from Exeter College, Oxford in 1975 and then went to the Department of Information Studies, University of Sheffield where he obtained an MSc in Information Studies in 1976. He obtained a PhD in the same department in 1979.
Career
His entire career has been in the Information School, where he heads a research group studying computational techniques for the processing of chemical and biological information, and has over 480 publications describing this work. Measured in 2020, he had an h-index of 86.
Work
Willett is best known for his contribution to information retrieval and cheminformatics.
Honours
He was the recipient of the 1993 Herman Skolnik Award of the American Chemical Society, of the 1997 Distinguished Lecturer Award of the New Jersey Chapter of the American Society for Information Science, of the 2001 Tony Kent Strix award of the Institute of Information Scientists, of the 2002 Lynch Award of the Chemical Structure Association Trust and of the 2005 Award for Computers in Chemical and Pharmaceutical Research of the American Chemical Society (ACS) Willett was only the 2nd non-US recipient of the ACS award, which was given "for his diverse contributions to the fields of chemoinformatics and computer-assisted molecular discovery; his novel algorithms and software; and his contributions to the literatures of those fields". He was awarded a DSc by the University of Sheffield in 1997.
References
Academics of the University of Sheffield
Living people
1953 births
SV Türkspor Bremen-Nord is a German association football club from the district of Blumenthal in the city of Bremen. It was founded by Turkish immigrants.
History
The club was established in 1977. The club won its way into the Landesliga Bremen (V) in 2004, and after finishing as runners-up in 2008, advanced to the Bremen-Liga (VI). The team's best result there to date was a 6th-place finish in 2010. After finishing last in the league in 2014–15, the club was relegated from the Bremen-Liga.
Honours
The club's honours:
Landesliga Bremen
Runners-up: 2008
References
Football clubs in Germany
1977 establishments in Germany
Turkspor
Association football clubs established in 1977
Migrant workers football clubs in Germany
Turkish association football clubs outside Turkey
This is a list of seasons played by VfL Wolfsburg Frauen, VfL Wolfsburg's women's section, in German and European football, from the foundation of the first German championship, one year after the creation of the original incarnation of the team, Eintracht Wolfsburg, to the latest completed season. Eintracht was absorbed by VfL Wolfsburg in 2003.
Summary
Top scorers in bold were also the top scorers in the Frauen-Bundesliga that season.
References
women's seasons
Wolfsburg Women
Wolfsburg
The Oakland Raiders season was the franchise's 26th season in the National Football League, the 36th overall, and their first back in Oakland since 1981. The Raiders announced their return to Oakland on June 25, 1995, and the Alameda County Board of Supervisors approved it the next month. While the Raiders raced out to an impressive 8–2 start, a number of key injuries (including the loss of starting quarterback Jeff Hostetler) caused them to lose their final six games and miss the playoffs. The Raiders, for the first time since 1962 (and joining the NFL), finished at the bottom of their division, the AFC West, ending a streak of 32 consecutive non-last place finishes. It was also the solitary season from 1963 to 2003 where they finished last place in their division.
Offseason
NFL draft
Roster
Schedule
Game summaries
Week 1
Standings
References
Oakland
Oakland Raiders seasons
Oakland
Treutlen County is a county located in the east central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 6,885. The county seat is Soperton. It is hosted to the Million Pines Arts and Crafts Festival which occurs during the first weekend in November.
History
The state constitutional amendment to create the county was proposed by the Georgia General Assembly on August 21, 1917, and ratified November 5, 1918. The county is named for John A. Treutlen, Georgia's first state governor following adoption of the state Constitution of 1777.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water.
The western portion of Treutlen County, west of Soperton, is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The eastern portion of the county is located in the Ohoopee River sub-basin of the larger Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 16
U.S. Route 221
State Route 15
State Route 29
State Route 46
State Route 56
State Route 78
State Route 86
State Route 171
State Route 199
State Route 199 Spur
State Route 227
State Route 297
State Route 298
State Route 404 (unsigned designation for I-16)
Adjacent counties
Emanuel County (northeast)
Montgomery County (southeast)
Wheeler County (southwest)
Laurens County (west)
Johnson County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,854 people, 2,531 households, and 1,824 families living in the county. The population density was 34 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 2,865 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 65.67% White, 33.10% Black or African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.32% from other races, and 0.58% from two or more races. 1.15% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,531 households, out of which 33.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.20% were married couples living together, 17.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.90% were non-families. 25.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.05.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.00% under the age of 18, 11.90% from 18 to 24, 27.20% from 25 to 44, 21.70% from 45 to 64, and 13.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 98.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $24,644, and the median income for a family was $32,762. Males had a median income of $26,476 versus $20,286 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,122. About 20.80% of families and 26.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 31.80% of those under age 18 and 33.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 6,885 people, 2,543 households, and 1,770 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,992 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 65.2% white, 32.6% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.8% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 22.3% were English, 14.3% were American, and 8.2% were Irish.
Of the 2,543 households, 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were married couples living together, 18.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.4% were non-families, and 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 36.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,467 and the median income for a family was $48,110. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $23,807 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,710. About 23.2% of families and 24.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.1% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 6,406 people, 2,490 households, and 1,654 families residing in the county.
Politics
Communities
Lothair
Soperton (county seat)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Treutlen County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1918 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1918
The Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation is given each year for theatrical films, television episodes, or other dramatized works related to science fiction or fantasy released in the previous calendar year. Originally the award covered both works of film and of television but since 2003, it has been split into two categories: Best Dramatic Presentation (Long Form) and Best Dramatic Presentation (Short Form). The Dramatic Presentation Awards are part of the broader Hugo Awards, which are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. The awards are named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the first science fiction magazine, Amazing Stories, and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award. The award has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction".
History
The award was first presented in 1958, and with the exceptions of 1964 and 1966 was given annually through 2002 when it was retired in favor of the newly created Dramatic Presentation (Long Form) and Dramatic Presentation (Short Form) categories, which divided the category depending on whether the work was longer or shorter than 90 minutes. In the 1964 and 1966 awards there were insufficient nominations made to support the category. Prior to 1971, the category was defined as including works from "radio, television, stage or screen", and thereafter was expanded to "any medium of dramatized science fiction or fantasy", resulting in the nomination of recorded songs and other works. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, since 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or "Retro Hugos", have been available to be awarded for years 50, 75, or 100 years prior in which no awards were given. To date, Retro Hugo awards have been awarded for 1939, 1941, 1943–1946, 1951, and 1954; the 1946 and 1951 awards were for the Best Dramatic Presentation category while the 1939, 1945, and 1954 awards were for the Short Form category. There were insufficient nominations to support an award in the Long Form category for those years. The 1941 and 1944 awards were for both Long and Short Form.
Hugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon) and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with six nominees, except in the case of a tie. The works on the ballot are the six most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of works that can be nominated. The 1958 awards did not include any recognition of runner-up magazines, but since 1959 all six candidates were recorded. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of six nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Prior to 2017, the final ballot was five works; it was changed that year to six, with each initial nominator limited to five nominations, and no more than two works per series allowed on the final ballot. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year. Members are permitted to vote "no award", if they feel that none of the nominees is deserving of the award that year, and in the case that "no award" takes the majority the Hugo is not given in that category. This has happened in the Dramatic Presentation category four times, in 1959, 1963, 1971, and 1977.
The award is typically for television and film presentations, but occasionally rewards works in other formats: in 1970 it was awarded to news coverage of the Apollo 11 moon landing, while in 1971 a concept album and a comedy album were nominated. Another comedy album was nominated the following year, and a slideshow was nominated in 1976. A radio play was nominated in 1979, and all of the 1939 Retro Hugo awards were for radio plays. In 2004, an acceptance speech from the 2003 MTV Movie Awards won the award, while in 2006, a skit from the opening of the previous year's award ceremony (pretending to be for the "Victor Hugo Award") was nominated. An audiobook was nominated in 2009, another acceptance speech was nominated in 2012, a concept album was nominated in 2017, and a song was nominated in 2018.
During the 72 nomination years, 43 awards for Best Dramatic Presentation, 21 awards each for Short Form and Long Form, and 11 Retro Hugo awards have been given. The individual franchises with the most awards are the revived 2000s-era Doctor Who with 6 Short Form awards out of 35 nominations, Star Wars with 3 Best Dramatic Presentation awards out of 3 nominations as well as 4 Long Form and 3 Short Form nominations, The Twilight Zone with 3 Best Dramatic Presentation awards out of 4 nominations, Game of Thrones with 3 wins out of a Long Form and 5 Short Form nominations, The Good Place with 4 wins out of 6 Short Form nominations. Other shows or series with multiple awards or nominations include the original Star Trek series with 2 wins out of 8 nominations, Star Trek: The Next Generation with 2 wins out of 3 nominations, The Expanse with 2 wins out of 5 Short Form nominations, and Babylon 5 with 2 wins out of 4 nominations. Less successful were the Marvel Cinematic Universe with 1 win out of 13 Long Form and 2 Short Form nominations, Buffy the Vampire Slayer with 1 out of 6, Battlestar Galactica (2004) with 1 of 5, and Harry Potter with no awards after 7 nominations. The members of the hip hop group Clipping are the only musical artists to have earned two nominations for their works, first for their 2016 album Splendor & Misery and then for their 2017 song "The Deep".
Winners and nominees
In the following tables, the years correspond to the date of the ceremony, rather than when the work was first published. Entries with a blue background and an asterisk (*) next to the work's name have won the award; those with a white background are the nominees on the short-list. Entries with a gray background and a plus sign (+) mark a year when "no award" was selected as the winner. In the case of television presentations, the award is generally for a particular episode rather than for a program as a whole; however, sometimes, as in the case of The Twilight Zone, it was given for the series' body of work that year rather than for any particular episode.
1958–2002
* Winner(s)
+ No winner selected
2003–present
Starting with the 2003 awards, the Dramatic Presentation award was split into two categories: Best Dramatic Presentation (Long Form) and Best Dramatic Presentation (Short Form). The Long Form award is for "a dramatized production in any medium, including film, television, radio, live theater, computer games or music. The work must last 90 minutes or longer (excluding commercials)" in the official Hugo Award rules. The Short Form award is for "a dramatized production in any medium, including film, television, radio, live theater, computer games or music. The work must last less than 90 minutes (excluding commercials)" in the official Hugo Award rules. An individual work such as a television show can be nominated for a season in the Long Form category or for individual episodes in the Short Form, though not for both in the same year; as of 2017, a single show is additionally limited to two nominations in the Short Form category per year.
Long Form
Short Form
Retro Hugos
Beginning with the 1996 Worldcon, the World Science Fiction Society created the concept of "Retro Hugos", in which the Hugo award could be retroactively awarded for 50, 75, or 100 years prior. Retro Hugos may only be awarded for years in which a Worldcon was hosted, but no awards were originally given. The 1939, 1941, and 1943—1945 awards were given 75 years later; the other three awards were given 50 years later. In 1946 and 1951, an award was given for Best Dramatic Presentation, as the category had not yet been split, while in 1939, 1943, 1945, and 1954 an award was given for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form. The Long Form category did not receive enough nominations for an award to be given in those years. The 1941 and 1944 Retro Hugos awarded both Long and Short Forms.
See also
Nebula Award for Best Script
Ray Bradbury Award for Outstanding Dramatic Presentation
List of joint winners of the Hugo and Nebula awards
Notes
References
External links
Hugo Award official site
Dramatic Presentation
The Connecticut School of Broadcasting was founded in 1964 by Dick Robinson as a small, private school in Connecticut. Known now as the CSB Media Arts Center, it is the largest group of Digital Media Arts Schools (Broadcast Media School, Code School, Social Media Marketing School, and Film Schools) that trains students for careers in emerging technologies.
The Web Developer Program prepares students for entry level work as a Jr. Web Developer. Learn to Code. The full stack course is taught by industry professionals and the curriculum was chosen specifically to suit the needs of the local job market. Students learn to understand coding logic using PHP and JavaScript, web design using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and relational databases using SQL.
The Social Media Marketing Specialist Program teaches students how to use social media as a tool to increase brand awareness, obtain leads, and increase sales.
The Digital Filmmaking Program trains students how to write, shoot, direct, and edit their own short, character-driven comedy, drama, or horror short films. Students can also have the option of creating a television pilot. Students will shoot on HD cameras, learn industry standard lighting techniques, and edit on Adobe Premiere Pro. Students train in small group classes and are taught by industry professionals. The training program has four main components: screen-writing, pre-production, production, and post-production. The CSB Media Arts Center has five campuses in CT, NJ, NC, and FL of the United States. Not all campuses offer the same programs.
Overview
Founded in 1964 by Dick Robinson as a small, private school in Connecticut, now has 5 campuses along the east coast and has grown to become the CSB Media Arts Center offering programs in Broadcast Media (Broadcast Media School), Web Development (Code School), Social Media Marketing (Social Media Marketing School), Digital Filmmaking (Film School), Mobile Application Design and Development. CSB Media Arts Center is the nation's largest group of Digital Media Arts Schools.
Instructional methods
Day and evening classes are offered. Classes are taught by industry professionals who work in the business and become network sources for students and grads. CSB Media Arts Center uses a seasonal semester schedule, providing 8-week day and 16-week evening classes in March, July and November. The Charlotte campus has an extended curriculum lasting eight months. All schools teach in either a hybrid model (Broadcast Media Program and Digital Filmmaking) where a portion of the program is taught online and hands-on training happens on-site at the campus studios. Some programs are offered 100% online. Inquire within your local campus. Most Schools are VA Approved and our FL Campus is a partner with Career Source Broward, and Career Source Palm Beach County
Facilities
CSB Media Arts Center has multiple campuses in the continental United States, primarily in larger cities, offering its students and alumni, in good standing, use of their equipment and labs/studios, for the life of the school. Programs are offered in the following cities:
Farmington, Connecticut [Hartford area]
Stratford, Connecticut [Bridgeport–New Haven area]
Cherry Hill, New Jersey [Philadelphia area]
Charlotte, North Carolina
Palm Beach, Florida [West Palm Beach area]
References
External links
Broadcasting schools
Education companies of the United States
Education companies established in 1964
Educational institutions established in 1964
Farmington, Connecticut
Organizations based in Connecticut
Private universities and colleges in Florida
Private universities and colleges in Georgia (U.S. state)
Universities and colleges in Charlotte, North Carolina
1964 establishments in Connecticut
Universities and colleges in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Universities and colleges in Hartford County, Connecticut
Universities and colleges in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Universities and colleges in Nassau County, New York
Universities and colleges in Bergen County, New Jersey
Universities and colleges in Camden County, New Jersey
Universities and colleges in Palm Beach County, Florida
Universities and colleges in Broward County, Florida
Private universities and colleges in Connecticut
Film schools in the United States
Digital media schools
Podcasting companies
In the Battle of al-Sannabra (1113), a Crusader army led by King Baldwin I of Jerusalem was defeated by a Muslim army sent by the Sultan of the Seljuk Turks and commanded by Mawdud ibn Altuntash of Mosul.
Background
Beginning in 1110, the Seljuk Sultan Muhammad I in Baghdad ordered invasions of the Crusader states for six successive years. "In 1110, 1112, and 1114 the city of Edessa was the objective; in 1113 Galilees was invaded, and in 1111 and 1115 the Latin possessions which lay east of the Orontes between Aleppo and Shaizar."
The attack on Edessa in 1110 failed to take the city. In 1111, Mawdud of Mosul led a host which fought Baldwin I's Frankish army to a draw in the Battle of Shaizar. Afterward, the Muslim leader's army dispersed because of its lack of success and plunder. In 1112 and 1114, the Muslim counterattack against Edessa was weak. In the other four years, the Crusader states - the Kingdom of Jerusalem, Principality of Antioch, County of Tripoli and County of Edessa - joined forces in defense.
Battle
In 1113, Mawdud joined Toghtekin of Damascus and their combined army aimed to cross the Jordan River south of the Sea of Galilee. Baldwin I offered battle near the bridge of al-Sannabra. Mawdud used the device of a feigned flight to entice Baldwin I into rashly ordering a charge. The Frankish army was surprised and beaten when it unexpectedly ran into the main Turkish army.
The surviving Crusaders kept their cohesion and fell back to a hill west of the inland sea where they fortified their camp. In this position they were reinforced from Tripoli and Antioch but remained inert. A number of Christian pilgrims also rallied to the army after al-Sannabra.
Unable to annihilate the Crusaders, Mawdud watched them with his main army while sending raiding columns to ravage the countryside and sack the town of Nablus. In this, Mawdud anticipated the strategy of Saladin in two later campaigns that were marked by the Battle of Belvoir Castle (1182) and the Battle of Al-Fule (1183). As in these campaigns, the Frankish field army could oppose the main Muslim army, but it could not stop raiding forces from doing great damage to crops and towns.
While the Turkish raiders roamed freely through Crusader lands, the local Muslim farmers entered into friendly relations with them. This deeply troubled the Frankish land magnates, who ultimately depended upon rents from cultivators of the soil.
Aftermath
Mawdud was unable to make any permanent conquests after his victory. Soon afterward, he was assassinated and Aq-Sunqur Bursuqi took command of the failed attempt against Edessa in 1114. Roger of Salerno routed the last Seljuk invading army at the Battle of Sarmin after a protracted campaign in 1115.
References
Smail, R. C. Crusading Warfare 1097-1193. New York: Barnes & Noble Books, (1956) 1995.
Battles involving the Seljuk Empire
1110s in the Kingdom of Jerusalem
Conflicts in 1113
1113 in Asia
Battles involving the Kingdom of Jerusalem
Martin Kosleck (born Nicolaie Yoshkin, March 24, 1904 – January 15, 1994) was a German film actor. Like many other German actors, he fled when the Nazis came to power. Inspired by his deep hatred of Adolf Hitler and the Nazis, Kosleck made a career in Hollywood playing villainous Nazis in films. While in the United States, he appeared in more than 80 films and television shows in a 46-year span. His icy demeanor and piercing stare on screen made him a popular choice to play Nazi villains. He portrayed Joseph Goebbels, Adolf Hitler's propaganda minister, five times, and also appeared as an SS trooper and a concentration camp officer.
Early life
Kosleck was born in Barkotzen in Pomerania, Germany, the son of a forester. His family was "German-Russian". He became interested in acting at an early age. He spent six years in the Max Reinhardt Dramatic School, particularly excelling in Shakespearian roles, and working in revues and musicals in Berlin.
At the age of 23, he appeared in his first film, a silent movie directed by Johannes Brandt called Der Fahnenträger von Sedan. Two years later, he appeared in Lupu Pick's Napoleon at Saint Helena. Kosleck appeared in two more films in Germany in 1930, the science-fiction thriller Alraune (his first sound film) and The Singing City.
Hollywood
In the early 1930s, Hitler and the Nazi Party were growing in power. Kosleck spoke out against both and decided to leave Germany in 1931 for Britain. The following year, he arrived in New York City and then traveled west to Hollywood. In 1933, when Hitler and the Nazi Party came to power, because of his opposition to the Nazis, Kosleck was placed on the Gestapo list of "undesirables".
He appeared in his first American film Fashions of 1934 starring Bette Davis. However, he found little work in Hollywood, so he returned to New York and the stage. While Kosleck was acting in The Merchant of Venice on Broadway, Anatole Litvak invited him to Hollywood for a role in a Warner Bros. film. The highly controversial Confessions of a Nazi Spy, starring Edward G. Robinson, Francis Lederer, Paul Lukas, and George Sanders, was based on The Nazi Spy Conspiracy in America, a book by Leon Turron, an FBI agent who had uncovered the network of Nazi organizations throughout the United States. Kosleck, in a small role playing Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels, revealed a sinister streak of evil that was sought after in wartime movies to come.
Many other German actors at the time resented being typecast as Nazis; Kosleck, though, reveled in it as a way to get back at the Nazis. He appeared in numerous anti-Nazi films of the early 1940s: Nurse Edith Cavell, Espionage Agent, Underground, Berlin Correspondent, Bomber's Moon, and Chetniks! The Fighting Guerrillas. However, it was his impression of Goebbels that will remain in the memories of moviegoers, especially in Paramount's 1944 pseudo-documentary The Hitler Gang.
With the end of the Second World War, roles as Nazis declined. Kosleck then moved into horror B movies, such as The Frozen Ghost and The Mummy's Curse (both starring Lon Chaney Jr., whom Kosleck disliked intensely), House of Horrors, and She-Wolf of London, starring June Lockhart. The House of Horrors gave him his best-remembered role beyond Goebbels, as an insane sculptor, Marcel De Lange, who saves a monster from drowning and gets revenge by having the monster kill his critics.
Television
With fewer film opportunities presenting themselves, Kosleck returned to New York City with his wife, the German-born actress Eleonore von Mendelssohn, a great x3 grand daughter of Moses Mendelssohn. Kosleck appeared on Broadway in The Madwoman of Chaillot in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He also appeared on television in episodes of numerous shows. In 1951, he appeared in the "I Lift Up My Lamp" episode of Hallmark Hall of Fame, a television anthology of plays and books, and episodes of The Motorola Television Hour, where he played Goebbels again, Studio One, Thriller, The Rifleman, Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, The Outer Limits, Get Smart, Batman (playing Professor Avery Evans Charm), The Man from U.N.C.L.E., The F.B.I., The Wild Wild West, Mission: Impossible, It Takes a Thief, and Sanford and Son.
In 1970, Kosleck played (Gestapo) General Mueller in the television comedy Hogan's Heroes, episode: "The Gestapo Takeover". He suffered from a heart attack in the 1970s, and thereafter worked only occasionally, mostly in television. During this time, he appeared in Love, American Style; Banacek; and Sanford and Son. In 1980, he appeared in his last film, The Man with Bogart's Face.
Aside from acting, Kosleck was an accomplished painter who supported himself through his work as a portrait artist while waiting for a movie role. An impressionist-style portrait-painter, he painted both Bette Davis and Marlene Dietrich.
Personal life
Kosleck was in a relationship with fellow actor and German emigrant Hans Heinrich von Twardowski from the early 1930s until Twardowski's death in 1958. Their sometimes turbulent relationship is discussed in many letters between Twardowski and his close friend Marlene Dietrich. In 1947, Kosleck married in an unexpected act the German actress Eleonora von Mendelssohn (her only film is Black Hand, 1950), who committed suicide in 1951.
Kosleck died at age 89, following abdominal surgery, in a Santa Monica convalescent home.
Filmography
Der Fahnenträger von Sedan (1927)
Napoleon at Saint Helena (1929)
Alraune (1929) - Wolfgang Petersen
The Singing City (1930) - Bobby Bertling - Claires Verehrer
Fashions of 1934 (1934) - Dance Director (uncredited)
Confessions of a Nazi Spy (1939) - Joseph Goebbels (uncredited)
Nurse Edith Cavell (1939) - Pierre
Espionage Agent (1939) - Karl Mullen
Nick Carter, Master Detective (1939) - Otto King
Calling Philo Vance (1940) - Gamble
Foreign Correspondent (1940) - Tramp
The Mad Doctor (1941) - Maurice Gretz
Underground (1941) - Heller
International Lady (1941) - Bruner
The Devil Pays Off (1941) - Grebb, Henchman
All Through the Night (1942) - Steindorff
Fly-by-Night (1942) - George Taylor
Nazi Agent (1942) - Kurt Richten
Berlin Correspondent (1942) - Captain von Rau
Divide and Conquer (1942) - German Officer (uncredited)
Manila Calling (1942) - Heller
Chetniks! The Fighting Guerrillas (1943) - Col. Wilhelm Brockner
Bomber's Moon (1943) - Luftwaffe Maj. von Streicher
The North Star (1943) - Dr. Richter
The Great Alaskan Mystery (1944, Serial) - Dr. Hauss
The Hitler Gang (1944) - Joseph Goebbels
Secrets of Scotland Yard (1944) - Josef
The Mummy's Curse (1944) - Ragheb
Strange Holiday (1945) - Examiner
The Frozen Ghost (1945) - Rudi Poldan
Gangs of the Waterfront (1945) - Anjo Ferreati
Pursuit to Algiers (1945) - Mirko
The Spider (1945) - Mihail Barak
Crime of the Century (1946) - Paul
Just Before Dawn (1946) - Karl Ganss
House of Horrors (1946) - Marcel De Lange
The Wife of Monte Cristo (1946) - Edmund Dantes, Count of Monte Cristo
She-Wolf of London (1946) - Dwight Severn
The Beginning or the End (1947) - Dr. O.E. Frisch (uncredited)
Half Past Midnight (1948) - Cortez
Assigned to Danger (1948) - Louie Volkes
Smugglers' Cove (1948) - Count Boris Petrov
Spion für Deutschland (1956) - Griffins
Something Wild (1961) - Landlord
Hitler (1962) - Joseph Goebbels
The Flesh Eaters (1964) - Prof. Peter Bartell
36 Hours (1965) - Kraatz
Morituri (1965) - Wilke
Agent for H.A.R.M. (1966) - Basil Malko
Wake Me When the War Is Over (1969, TV Movie) - Butler
Which Way to the Front? (1970) - Captain Schmidt (uncredited)
Longstreet (1971, TV Movie) - Von Marks
The Man with Bogart's Face (1980) - Horst Borsht (final film role)
References
External links
German male film actors
German male television actors
German male stage actors
American male film actors
American people of Russian descent
German emigrants to the United States
1904 births
1994 deaths
20th-century American male actors
20th-century German male actors
People from Bytów County
People from the Province of Pomerania
Alfred Callick may refer to:
Alf Callick (footballer, born 1908), Australian rules footballer for South Melbourne and Fitzroy
Alf Callick (footballer, born 1925), Australian rules footballer for South Melbourne
A Second Knock at the Door is a documentary on friendly fire in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The film follows military families after they are told their family member died in a "fratricide" incident.
All the families profiled in the film only learned their family member was killed by a comrade, not an enemy, months after they first learned of their death.
Director Christopher Grimes has described being inspired by the official coverup of former sport star Pat Tillman being killed by his comrades.
The film was screened at the Flyway Film Festival in 2011, and the East Lansing Film Festival in 2012.
Notes
External links
Documentary films about war
2011 films
2011 documentary films
Friendly fire incidents
Guilinggao (), also known as tortoise jelly (though not technically correct) or turtle powder, is a jelly-like Chinese medicine, also sold as a dessert. It was traditionally made from the gao, or paste of the plastron (bottom shell) from the turtle Cuora trifasciata (commonly known as "three-lined box turtle", or "golden coin turtle", 金錢龜) and a variety of herbal products, in particular, China roots Smilax glabra (土伏苓, Tu fu ling).
Although the golden coin turtle (Cuora trifasciata) is commercially farmed in modern China, it is extremely expensive; therefore, even when turtle-derived ingredients are used in commercially available guilinggao, they come from other, more commonly available, turtle species.
More often, commercially available guilinggao sold as a dessert does not contain turtle shell powder. They share the same herbal additives as the medicine and are similarly marketed as being good for skin complexion when ingested.
History
According to a legend, the Tongzhi Emperor nearly cured his smallpox by taking guilinggao. However, Empress Dowager Cixi believed his disease could be cured by worshipping a smallpox idol. She succeeded in convincing the emperor to quit his guilinggao regimen. The emperor died soon after.
Guilinggao is thought to be good for the skin, allowing for a healthier complexion upon repeated consumption. Other supposed positive effects of the jelly includes improving circulation, assisting muscle growth, relieving itching, reducing acne, and kidney restoration.
Variety
Regular guilinggao jelly is black in appearance; however, the actual color is more of a dark brown. Naturally, it is not sweet, but slightly bitter, although sweeteners such as honey can be added to make it more palatable.
Availability
Relatively inexpensive canned guilinggao jelly with poptop lids and plastic spoons for immediate consumption can be found in many East and Southeast Asian countries, as well as Chinatowns in the United States and Canada. It is also available for purchase in England and New Zealand. There are two varieties, one of them containing Lingzhi powder.
Preparation
Traditional guilinggao recipes require boiling turtle shell for many hours, first by itself, then with a variety of herbal ingredients, so that the liquid is gradually evaporated and a jelly-like residue forms. Rice flour and corn starch are added to thicken the product.
Guilinggao jelly can be prepared at home from commercially sold powdered concentrate (the "guilinggao powder"), similarly to how Jello is made. When it is prepared, other herbal substances, such as ginseng, are added to the jelly to give it certain tastes and medicinal values.
See also
Grass jelly
List of Chinese desserts
List of desserts
References
See in particular:APPENDIX 1: "Golden Coin Turtle" (A report dated April 27, 2002 by ECES News (Earth Crash Earth Spirit)),APPENDIX 2: "Softshell Turtle Farming", andAPPENDIX 3: "Tortoise Jelly (Turtle Jelly)"
External links
Gui-ling-gao, a traditional Chinese functional food, prevents oxidative stress-induced apoptosis in H9c2 cardiomyocytes on PubMed
Chinese desserts
Traditional Chinese medicine
Turtle dishes
Lee Jang-soo (; born October 15, 1956) is a South Korean association football manager and a former player. As a player, he had the distinction of being one of the first fully professional footballers to play in the newly formed Korean Super League in the inaugural 1983 league season, however it has been as a manager where he has distinguished himself particularly within China where he has gone on to twice win the Chinese FA Cup with Chongqing Lifan and Qingdao Beilaite. He has also achieved a successful spell back home within South Korea with FC Seoul when he won the K-League Cup, however he has continued to return to China where he was the manager of Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande whose appointment also makes him the longest serving foreign coach within Chinese football.
Playing career
Lee Jang-soo was one of the first players to play professional football in South Korea when he started his professional football career at Yukong Elephants in 1983 with the formation of the K-League. Despite already being in his late twenties he would eventually play in 53 league games in his professional career which ended in 1986.
Coaching career
After his football career he became a coach at Honam University before being offered the chance to become a trainer with the newly formed Ilhwa Chunma team in the K-League. He was offered a promotion as a coaching in 1992 where he was part of the team that took them second in the league. The next few seasons saw him as part of the coaching team that would establish Ilhwa Chunma as a successful team within the K-League by winning the league for three consecutive seasons. In the 1996 league season when Ilhwa Chunma decided to rename themselves as Cheonan Ilhwa Chunma, Lee Jang-soo was again promoted to the Head coach position after the previous manager Park Jong-hwan left, however after a disappointing season where they were never in the title challenge Lee Jang-soo left.
Throughout 1997 Lee Jang-soo went to Brazil to study coaching abroad until 1998 when Lee Jang-soo would move to China and manage Chongqing Lifan for four seasons. While he was there he managed to twice take Chongqing Lifan to fourth in the league in the 1999 and 2000 league season. However it wasn't until 2002 when Lee Jang-soo had moved to Qingdao Beilaite that he rose to prominace within China and won the Chinese FA Cup with them. The following season though Qingdao Beilaite were to have a disappointing season when they finished the league in eleventh and Lee Jang-soo would return to Korea. Back in South Korea Lee Jang-soo would quickly find a team to coach with Chunnam Dragons and subsequently FC Seoul where he led them both to a Championship playoffs spot.
At the beginning of the 2006 league season Lee Jang-soo returned to China with Beijing Guoan who required a manager after Shen Xiangfu left after a disappointing season. Under Lee Jang-soo, Beijing Guoan immediately improved by coming third in the league. Despite the team's continued improvement within the league and a successful start in the 2009 Chinese Super League season where the club were currently leading the table on September 16, 2009, Lee was fired by Beijing Guoan for not using particular players that were favored by the club directors.
On 25 March 2010, Lee was hired by Guangzhou Evergrande, who was newly relegated to China League One for match-fixing scandal, as the team's new manager. He led Guangzhou to finish first place in the 2010 League One season and won promotion back to the top flight at the first attempt. In his second season, Guangzhou Evergrande won the Super League title for the first time in the club's history. He also set the club's record for longest unbeaten streak in the league with 32 wins and 12 draws, which was ended on 18 September after losing to Changchun Yatai 2–1.
Lee achieved the Chinese FA Super Cup winner in 2012 for his third time to pursue this trophy. He led the team to beat Tianjin Teda 2–1 at Guangzhou University City Stadium. On 16 May 2012, after sealing a place in the 2012 AFC Champions League knockout stage for Guangzhou by beating Buriram United on the previous day, it was reported that Guangzhou Evergrande held several talks with Lee and announced Lee's dismissal within the club. On 17 May 2012, Guangzhou Evergrande officially announced Marcello Lippi replacing Lee as the new manager of club.
On 12 February 2022, Lee was appointed as the head coach of Chinese Super League club Shenzhen F.C.
On 1 September 2022, Lee was sacked by Shenzhen.
Club career
1981 Daewoo - amateur
1981–1983 Sangmu - army
1983–1986 Yukong Elephants
Honours
Managerial
Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma
Asian Super Cup: 1996
Afro-Asian Club Championship: 1996
Chongqing Lifan
China FA Cup: 2000
Qingdao Hademen
China FA Cup: 2002
FC Seoul
League Cup: 2006
Guangzhou Evergrande
China League One: 2010
Chinese Super League: 2011
Chinese FA Super Cup: 2012
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Association football defenders
South Korean footballers
South Korean football managers
South Korea international footballers
South Korea B international footballers
Gimcheon Sangmu FC players
Seongnam FC managers
Jeonnam Dragons managers
FC Seoul managers
K League 1 players
Sportspeople from South Gyeongsang Province
Qingdao Hainiu F.C. (1990) managers
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. managers
Beijing Guoan F.C. managers
Guangzhou F.C. managers
Yonsei University alumni
Expatriate football managers in China
K League 1 managers
Chinese Super League managers
People from Haman County
William McKinley "Sug" Cornelius (September 3, 1906 –October 30, 1989) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues. He played from 1929 to 1946 with several teams, playing mostly with the Chicago American Giants. He played in several East-West All-Star Games.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
1906 births
1989 deaths
Birmingham Black Barons players
Chicago American Giants players
Kansas City Monarchs players
Baseball players from Atlanta
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Baseball pitchers
Petra is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.
A post office called Petra was established in 1864, and remained in operation until 1904.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
John Bardon (born John Michael Jones, 25 August 1939 – 12 September 2014) was an English stage and screen actor. He was awarded the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical in 1988 (1987 season) for Kiss Me, Kate, sharing the award with co-star Emil Wolk. He was best known for playing the patriarch of the Branning family, Jim Branning, in the BBC soap opera, EastEnders, for 13 years from 1996 to 2011.
Early life and amateur acting
John Michael Jones was born in Brentford, Middlesex; his father was a shipping clerk who formerly ran a building business. "Bardon" was his grandmother's maiden name. His early acting experience was with a group called The Taverners, who played in pubs. He then appeared in productions by the Civil Service drama group, which toured theatres in Germany and Austria.
Acting career
Bardon became a professional actor in 1970 at the age of 30, joining a repertory company in Exeter. He may be best known for having played Jim Branning in EastEnders. His character, the father of established character Carol Jackson, first appeared briefly in 1996. The character of Jim returned to the series in 1999 and this time became a regular character, later marrying Dot Cotton (June Brown). Bardon filmed his final scenes for EastEnders in March 2011 after years of poor health.
He also was a regular in Rumpole of the Bailey, as a member of the "clan Timson, a family of South London villains", as described by Rumpole. He had made notable guest appearances in Dad's Army in 1975 in the episode "Ring Dem Bells" (in addition to this, he played Private Walker in the 1975–76 stage adaptation of Dad's Army, as original television actor James Beck had died in 1973) and Are You Being Served? in 1976 in the episode "No Sale". He also starred in the British police drama The Sweeney, in which he played villain Doc Boyd in the episode "Faces", first broadcast on Monday 8 September 1975. In the same year, he also appeared as a bookmaker in the film One of Our Dinosaurs is Missing. In 1978 he was cast as Del Rogers in G. F. Newman's Law and Order on BBC2. In 1980 he appeared in an episode of Hi-de-Hi!.
In 1982 he appeared on Channel Four as legendary comedian Max Miller in Here's a Funny Thing in a reprise of the role from the stage version of the production which had been seen at Liverpool Playhouse, the Edinburgh Fringe and the Fortune Theatre in L in the much-acclaimed BBC drama, Johnny Jarvis (Nigel Williams).Also appeared as a Children Film Foundation (CFF) Friend or Foe as In 1984, he had a guest role as "Constable Palk" in The Body in the Library, and appeared as a night porter in the film version of Ordeal by Innocence the following year. In 1986 he played the Head of Security for a supermarket in an episode of Only Fools and Horses from series five called "The Longest Night", in the same year he appeared as a Railway ticket collector in the film Clockwise. In 1989, he appeared in Agatha Christie's Poirot in the episode "Four and Twenty Blackbirds". The same year he also appeared in an episode of the TV series Minder, playing a gambling villain.
He was a guest star in two episodes of Coronation Street in the early 1990s. He appeared as the father of Daryl Stubbs in Birds of a Feather (in 1991 and again in 1998), and played an asylum warden in the 1996 TV adaptation of Gulliver's Travels. In 1997, he appeared briefly as one of the zoo customers in the film comedy Fierce Creatures, and 2 years later he appeared in the film East Is East as Mr. Moorhouse.
Other appearances
Bardon appeared on the BBC show Just the Two of Us. His singing partner was Jocelyn Brown and the pair finished fourth. Bardon also made an appearance in the sitcom Desmond's, in a two part episode of the second series in which he played a police officer.
He was the subject of This Is Your Life in 2003 when he was surprised by Michael Aspel on the EastEnders set.
Personal life
Prior to his work in EastEnders, Bardon worked as a shuttle driver at Heathrow Airport. In June 2002, he married Enda Gates.
On 14 June 2007, Bardon was admitted to hospital after suffering a major stroke at home. In November 2007, it was reported that he was making steady progress, when he opened a new stroke ward at the Queen Elizabeth II Hospital in Welwyn Garden City. It was reported on 27 December 2007 that Bardon had walked for the first time in six months.
On 8 August 2008, Bardon was rushed to hospital with a second suspected stroke. It was confirmed on 5 October 2008 that Bardon had returned home. On 9 November, June Brown confirmed that he would appear in EastEnders again on Christmas Day. Jim was seen on screen briefly on 4 December 2008, when his son Jack went to see him in the care home. Bardon returned to work at EastEnders full-time in June 2009 and was on screen from 20 August 2009.
Bardon's last appearance was aired on 26 May 2011, when his character Jim left Albert Square to move into a care home. On the morning of 12 September 2014, Bardon died of a stroke at the Romford Grange Care Home, in Collier Row, Romford. News of his death was announced later that day, and the episode of EastEnders that was broadcast that evening was dedicated to his memory.
References
External links
EastEnders cast – John Bardon
1939 births
2014 deaths
People from Brentford
People from Hitchin
English male stage actors
English male soap opera actors
English male film actors
Laurence Olivier Award winners
Male actors from Hertfordshire
The Dayton Ducks were a minor league baseball team that played in the Central League in 1932 and then the Middle Atlantic League from 1933–1942. The team took its name from their owner and field manager, former St. Louis Cardinals player Ducky Holmes. They were affiliated with the Brooklyn Dodgers from 1934–35, 1938–1942 and the Chicago White Sox in 1937. The team was briefly known as the Dayton Wings from 1939–1940, when Holmes was not involved with the club.
The ballparks
The team played at North Side Field and then Hudson Field. North side field was located at Leo Street and Troy Pike. Hudson Field was located at West Third Street and was near the Soldiers Home.
Notable alumni
Como Cotelle (1940)
Rod Dedeaux (1935) Manager: 11 x NCAA College World Series Champion USC Trojans
Frank McCormick (1935) 9 x MLB All-Star; 1940 NL Most Valuable Player
Dick Siebert (1932, 1934) MLB All-Star
Phil Weintraub (1932)
References
External links
Dayton Baseball History
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Defunct baseball teams in Ohio
Baseball in Dayton, Ohio
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Chicago White Sox minor league affiliates
1932 establishments in Ohio
1942 disestablishments in Ohio
Baseball teams established in 1932
Baseball teams disestablished in 1942
Central League teams
Middle Atlantic League teams
Heaven Bound is a morality play staged annually at the Big Bethel AME Church in Atlanta, Georgia.
The play debuted on February 17, 1930; as of 2019, it had been performed for 89 years, with the church claiming it to be the longest-running musical in North America.
It was co-written by Nellie Lindley Davis, a chorister at the church and teacher.
References
1930 musicals
1930 plays
American musicals
American plays
QUP or qup may refer to:
Queensland United Party, a defunct political party in Queensland, Australia
QUP, the FAA LID code for Saqqaq Heliport, Greenland
qup, the ISO 639-3 code for Southern Pastaza Quechua, Ecuador
The Korean spice sancho () is made from Zanthoxylum schinifolium, which is less bitter than chopi made from Zanthoxylum piperitum. In Korean cuisine, sancho is often used to accompany fish soups such as chueo-tang.
References
Spices
Korean condiments
The Battle of Barranca Seca was a battle of the Second French intervention in Mexico and took place right after the Battle of Puebla on 18 May 1862. Contrary to the latter it was won by the unified reactionist Mexican-French forces. The battle was preceded by a coup de chef of the reactionist forces, which was heated by the intrigue of the Spanish high command against Almonte and Márquez and French pressure towards the replacement of Zuloaga. After the battle Almonte remained the only contender for the Commander-in-Chief office within the reactionist party and Márquez as acting General; both of them serving French interests.
Preparation for the battle
On 5 May General Ignacio Zaragoza ordered them to march from Atlixco to Izúcar de Matamoros to fill in for the departure of reactionist General Leonardo Márquez and prevent him from joining the French. The next morning, Tomás O'Horán Escudero and Antonio Carbajal brigades of the Eastern Army entered Puebla. In the evening, arrived the brigade Antillón, composed of the Guanajuato National Guard sent by the government, to strengthen the body of the Eastern Army. On the 7th The French was still residing at Amalucan Zaragoza ordered the brigade of Carbajal and Miguel Ameche's cavalry to march to Amozoc taking the rear-guard of the French Army. However this plan was double-crossed by Ignacio Echegaray, from the fort San Carlos de Perote, who imprisoned his commander Francisco Paz and defected to the French Army with the garrison of 300 men and joined reactionist general José Gálvez. General Zaragoza decided to change the orders given to Carbajal and direct him after the defectors, who on the 8th caught up with the deserted troops and after a two-hour fight at the Ixtapa valley dispelled them and took possession of the stolen equipment from fort Perote.
On the night of May 8, reactionist General D. Florentino Lopez arrived in Amozoc, after escaping from the division commanded by Spanish General José M. Cobos. Lopez met with pro-French General Juan Almonte, already residing in the French camp, and told him that General Márquez was removed as the commander of the reactionist army by Félix María Zuloaga who was pretending to be president of the Republic, based on the old Plan de Tacubaya. This commandment was also given to General Cobos, who signed a secret agreement with republican Minister of Foreign Affairs Manuel Doblado, with the consent of the Chief of the Spanish Intervention Army, General Juan Prim, and lent that one million francs, which he was previously offered by the republican government of president Benito Juárez to maintain mutual neutrality during the intervention (thus General Prim had all the grounds to tell on a conference on 9 April that the reactionist generals betrayed Almonte, but he hid the fact that he was involved the betrayal of the aforementioned generals). At the moment General Almonte had become convinced of this plot against him and immediately sent to Márquez to adhere his orders, take command of the army, disregard the authority of general Zuloaga and Cobos and to come to unify with the French Army without delay. Herran, who was at Atlixco with all the cavalry and infantry corps, was ordered to submit himself to Márquez and place his troops to the general's disposition.
.
The French Army led by Charles de Lorencez felt the consequences of the defeat at Puebla. He reorganized his troops and was about to get 2,500 cavalry as reinforcements at Orizaba from the pro-conservative Mexicans. He was accompanied and assisted by Alphonse Dubois de Saligny and Juan Almonte. The army left the camp to meet Leonardo Márquez' auxiliaries on the 9th and arrived to Tepeaca on the 11th. On 12th they moved to Acatzingo. The following day they relocated to Quecholac and then advanced to Palmar and Cañada the next two days. They took 22 cavalrymen prisoners in the former village. Meanwhile, Márquez was on his way to join the French but was blocked at the passage to Barranca Seca by Santiago Tapia of the "Álvarez" Brigade who controlled the Acultzingo-Orizaba road. Lorencez stopped at Acultzingo on the 17th and sent General Edmond-Aimable L'Hériller of the 99th Infantry Regiment of the Line to Orizaba next morning with two pieces of artillery to make contact with the reactionists and guard the Rio Blanco-Puebla route at Ingenio. On the Republican side Tapia also sent for another 1,000 soldiers from the main Estaren Army of Zaragoza to prevent this fusion. As he expected at 3 p.m. on the day of the battle further 1,400 infantrymen incorporated into his army to equal the reactionists.
Márquez headed his troops for Rancho del Potrero on the 17th, from where he continued his trip alone to Tecamalaca to personally meet the French officers leaving his command to José Domingo Herran, who was about to join him the next day with the army. There General Márquez, presented himself as the de facto elected interim supreme leader of Mexico as per the Treaty of Córdoba. He also confirmed that he arrested Generals Zuloaga and Cobos and brought them to Orizaba as prisoners(prior to this meeting Cobos tried to clear his name and change sides. He showed up to Almonte and offered him the same bribe money he received - worth of 200,000 piasters and one million francs in the form of U.S. treasury bill of exchange. He was hoping to get a presidential pardon in return but was rejected). General Almonte, enraged by the development of the events and the involvement of Zuloaga and Gobos he warned them that the best they could do was to leave the territory of Mexico. This is what they did, and both sailed from Vera Cruz to Havana after the battle (Cobos then left for the United States with the intention of getting his exchange bills cashed in, but the agreement with the United States Minister to Mexico Thomas Corwin, by which the U.S. pledged to pay eleven million dollars to Juarez, was not ratified by the U.S. Senate, Cobos returned unpaid to Havana and ended up being shot in Matamoros).
While negotiating with the French high command on the day of 18th Márquez was informed that at the road crossing at Barranca Seca the Republicans and the reactionists were facing each other already in battle order and within firing range of each other. He immediately rode back to take charge of his forces and start the battle.
Battle
The Republicans were divided into four columns covering the road between the flanks of two opposite hills of the valley. The center was defended by the infantry, which numbered 662 men and the dismounted Carabinier Corps of the "Álvárez" Brigade. General Márquez's units were split in two divisions; one, made of the combined brigades of Ponciano Castro and Juan Vicario commanded by and named after the latter as Division "Vicario" and the second, also a joint division of "Márquez" was put together of the brigades of Herrán and José G. Campos (although the troops were tired after a four-day 150 km march to Potrero. Herrán held the bridge on the Rio Blanco on the right flank with 50 fusiliers and had two columns as rear guard. The center was the same riflemen as the Republicans had led by Vicario covered by two columns of skirmishers and Campos guarded the left wing with one line of backup. The battle started slowly with none of the parties taking any risk and pushing back-and-forth within the firing range until finally at 5 p.m. the Republicans received major support from the main Eastern Army. Infantry Colonel José Mariano Rojo reached the battlefield with 1,100 fresh soldiers and launched a mixed frontal assault breaking the center of Márquez involving the "Hidalgo Battalion" and the Sappers Bataillon of San Luis. Herrán on the right was able to hold his position against a smaller mixed division of the Morelia pickets and repulse the attack. At this moment Eugène Lefèvre and his 99th Regiment from Ingenio ran 20 km within four hours in a hurry to intervene just in time. The French plunged into the Republican left wing and crushed it. General Vicario had already been wounded in the struggle and Herran was reinvigorated by the presence of the 99th Regiment that helped to hold the bridge. The three companies on the right, preceded by skirmishers pushed the center and left of the enemy vigorously with a bayonet charge and drove away his cavalry while the three companies heading to the left flank climbed the slopes despite the brisk fire. This momentum relieved the cavalry of General Marquez, who passed behind the French infantry and charged vigorously the enemy's left. The success of the fight was already assured, but this maneuver did fall into hands of the French and their auxiliaries a considerable number of prisoners. The pursuit of the withdrawing Republicans distracted by an unexpected infantry offense from the left. Afraid of being cut off and surrounded the French coloumn stopped and initiated a bayonet raid. Captain Herran and his French brigades passed the bridge and chased the Republicans to their camp. They reunited with the reactionist left wing who also pursued the remnants of the Eastern Army and taking the place of the center only stopped at Venta of San Diego when the night came. After one hour of fight hostilities were terminated at 6:15, the Mexicans were in full retreat, along with the main Republican Army, with whom they retired to San Agustín del Palmar.
Mexican battle of order
The Mexican National Eastern Army counted 7,500 but only 2,000 participated in the battle.
First Command
Commander-in-chief, Brigadier General Ignacio Zaragoza
Quartermaster, Brigadier General Francisco Mejía
Commander of the Artillery, Coronel Zeferino Rodríguez
Commander of the Engineers, Coronel Joaquín Colombres
Général de Division "Berriozábal"
1st Division d'Infanterie (Felipe B. Berriozábal)
1st Brigade "Antillón" (Florencio Antillón)
1st Light Infantry Battalion of Guanajuato
3rd Light Infantry Battalion of Guanajuato
6th Light Infantry Battalion of Guanajuato
2nd Brigade "O'Horán" (Tomás O'Horán)
1st Light Infantry Battalion of Toluca
2nd Light Infantry Battalion of Toluca
3rd Light Infantry Battalion of Toluca
Bataillon of fixed infantry of Veracruz
3rd Brigade "Díaz" (Porfirio Díaz)
"Guerrero" Battalion of Oaxaca
"Morelos" Battalion of Oaxaca
1st Battalion of the National Guard of Oaxaca
6th Battalion of the National Guard of Oaxaca
2x Marine artillery batteries
2nd Infantry Division (Miguel Negrete)
1st Brigade "Lamadrid" (Francisco Lamadrid)
Riflemen Bataillon of San Luis
"Réforma" Bataillon
Sappers Bataillon of San Luis
1st Light Battalion of San Luis
2nd Light Battalion of San Luis
2nd Brigade "Rojo" (José Mariano Rojo)
Picket of the Battalion of Morelia
Picket of the Fusilier Battalion of Morelia
Picket of the Jäger Battalion of Morelia
Riflemen Battalion of Mexico
Battalion "Hidalgo" of Morelia
4th Battalion of the National Guard of Puebla
3rd Brigade "Alatorre" (Francisco Alatorre)
Picket of the Battalion of Morelia
Mixed Battalion of Querétaro
Picket of the Jäger Battalion of Morelia
6th Battalion of the line
2nd Battalion of the National Guard of Puebla
6th Battalion of the National Guard of Puebla
1st Cavalry Brigade "Álvarez" (Antonio Álvarez)
Carabinier Corps
Lancer Squadron of Toluca
Lancer Squadron of Oaxaca
2nd Cavalry Brigade "Carbajal" (Antonio Carbajal)
1st Lancer Corps of Morelia
Lancer Squadron of Quezada
5th Police Corps
1st Carabinier Corps
Scout Corps
Bolded units actually participated in the battle
See also
List of battles of the French intervention in Mexico
References
Conflicts in 1862
1862 in Mexico
Battles involving France
Battles of the Second French intervention in Mexico
Battles involving Mexico
May 1862 events
Prospect Heights High School, formerly The Girls' Commercial High School, is a defunct comprehensive high school that served the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City from the 1920s to 2006. Prospect Heights Campus is the collection of educational buildings that housed Prospect Heights High School until its closure in 2006. Despite its name, the school was south of Eastern Parkway, the commonly accepted southern border of the Prospect Heights.
History
The Girls' Commercial High School, later to become Prospect Heights High School, was built in the 1920s. The school's exterior was designed to harmonize with the environment, while the interior was made to accommodate 3,500 students in fifty regular classrooms and other specialized laboratories and working rooms. Around 1947, it was renamed Prospect Heights High School as the curriculum encompassed college preparatory academic courses as well as those in fine arts and fashion along with the traditional commercial course. Later the all-girls high school became coeducational. After many years of decline and falling academic levels, the school graduated its last class in June 2006 and was closed. The Prospect Heights building now houses four small high schools: the Brooklyn School for Music and Theater, Brooklyn Academy for Science and the Environment, International High School at Prospect Heights, and the High School for Global Citizenship.
The main reasons for Prospect Heights High school's closure were overcrowding and consistently low performance grades received from the New York City Department of Education. The building was broken down into four smaller high schools, each with a specific focus and a cap on students.
Violence was also an issue within Prospect Heights High School. Its neighborhood saw a rise in gang activities in the 1980s, which seeped into the school and caused problems. Prospect Heights High School was ranked the twelfth most violent high school among New York City's 125 high schools in 1990 by the Board of Education, and became an example used by advocates for more metal detectors in New York City schools.
Recently police involvement in the neighborhood has reduced the violence.
Notable graduates
Susan Hayward, actress
Rhea Perlman, actress
Anne Klein, American Fashion Designer
Kitty Genovese, murder victim
Current schools on campus
Brooklyn Academy of Science and the Environment
Brooklyn Academy of Science and the Environment (BASE) is a three-campus school, created in 2003 in partnership with the Prospect Park Alliance and the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.
Brooklyn School for Music and Theatre
High School for Global Citizenship
International High School at Prospect Heights
School demographics
Sources:
Number of students per school:
International High School at Prospect Heights: 410
High School For Global Citizenship: 207
Brooklyn School for Music and Theater: 322
Brooklyn Academy of Science and the Environment: 394
Here is the racial breakdown of each school in Prospect Heights:
The International High School at Prospect Heights is composed of 12.2% White, 23% Black, 45.6% Hispanic, 15% Asian, and 1.5% American Indian students.
The High School for Global Citizenship is composed of 3% White, 72.5% Black, 18.3% Hispanic, 3.3% Asian, and 1.5% American Indian students.
Brooklyn School of Music and Theater is composed of 1.2% White, 81% Black, 15.8% Hispanic, 0.9% Asian, and 0.3% American Indian students.
Brooklyn Academy of Science and the Environment is composed of 3% White, 80% Black, 9.6% Hispanic, 5% Asian, and 0.8% American Indian students.
Student to teacher ratio per school:
INT: 16.5:1
HSGC: 14.3:1
BSMT: 14.9:1
BASE: 15.7:1
% of students at each school that receive free or reduced lunch:
INT: 320 (97%)
HSGC: 285 (88%)
BSMT: 297 (73%)
BASE: 371 (82%)
Safety and security issues
Every morning students have to enter the building from the backdoor of the cafeteria, where they pass through scanning, remove their belts, and swipe their ID cards to indicate each school's attendance. Electronic devices are allowed in the building. Students must come early to get scanning, because there are four schools in Prospect Heights Campus.
The Safe Schools Against Violence in Education Act (SAVE) was passed by the New York State Legislature and signed by Governor George Pataki on July 24, 2000, in response to issues of school safety and violence prevention.
Prospect Heights High School was ranked twelfth most violent among New York City's 125 high schools in 1990 by the Board of Education, rating not only all the security hardware, but also a special full-time security coordinator, a retired police detective.
In 2019, it was reported that the campus had the highest number of “major crimes” of any public NYC high school in the 2017-18 school year, although it was not the most violent.
References
Defunct high schools in Brooklyn
New York City Department of Education
Public high schools in Brooklyn
Prospect Heights, Brooklyn
Sunnyside is a rural locality in the local government area (LGA) of Kentish in the North-west and west LGA region of Tasmania. The locality is about east of the town of Sheffield. The 2016 census recorded a population of 104 for the state suburb of Sunnyside.
History
Sunnyside was gazetted as a locality in 1957.
Geography
Most of the boundaries are survey lines.
Road infrastructure
Route B13 (Railton Road) runs along the north-east boundary. From there, Maloneys Road and Sunnyside Road provide access to the locality.
References
Towns in Tasmania
Localities of Kentish Council
The Archdeacon of Buckingham is the senior ecclesiastical officer in charge of the Church of England in Buckinghamshire.
The archdeacon has statutory oversight over the ancient Archdeaconry of Buckingham, which has existed since (at latest) the 11th century and was, until 1837, in the Diocese of Lincoln. On 18 August 1837, an Order in Council transferred the archdeaconry to the Diocese of Oxford. The archdeacon has some disciplinary supervision and pastoral care of the clergy in the archdeaconry.
List of archdeacons
References
Sources
GenUKI – early Archdeacons of Sutton-cum-Buckingham
Lists of Anglicans
The 1892 Pittsburgh Athletic Club football season was their second season in existence. The team finished with a record of 3–3–1. This season also marked the first recorded accounts of professional players being used in American football.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Pittsburgh Athletic Club
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football seasons
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football
Jugurtha Meftah (born July 28, 1990 in Tizi Ouzou) is an Algerian football player. He currently plays for JS Kabylie in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Personal
Meftah was born on July 28, 1990 in Tizi Ouzou. He comes from a long family of footballers, with three of his cousins having already played for JS Kabylie: Mahieddine Meftah, Mohamed Rabie Meftah and Rahim Meftah. Two of them, Mahieddine and Rabie, also played for the Algerian National Team. Another cousin, Chaâbane Meftah, is also a footballer and currently plays for JS Kabylie as well.
Club career
On May 24, 2011, Meftah made his professional debut for JS Kabylie in a league match against ASO Chlef as a 49th-minute substitute for Ibrahim Amada.
References
External links
DZFoot Profile
1990 births
Living people
Algerian footballers
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
JS Kabylie players
Kabyle people
Footballers from Tizi Ouzou
Association football defenders
21st-century Algerian people
The barka indigobird (Vidua larvaticola) is a species of bird in the family Viduidae. It is found in Cameroon, Ethiopia, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Nigeria, Sudan, and South Sudan. It is also known as the baka indigobird but the spelling "barka" is more correct; the word is a greeting in the Hausa language.
References
barka indigobird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
barka indigobird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
W. Timothy Simms (born April 9, 1943) is a former Republican member of the Illinois General Assembly, representing the 34th District from 1971 to 1983.
Career
Simms was born April 9, 1943 in Morrison, Illinois. He was educated at Parsons College in Fairfield, Iowa and the Worsham College of Mortuary Science. At age 23, he was elected to the City Council in Rockford, Illinois. From 1966 to 1976, Simms' served as both a precinct committeeman and alderman for the second ward of Rockford, Illinois.
In 1970, Simms was elected to represent the 34th District in the Illinois House of Representatives. During his first term in office, Simms sponsored the United States' first prescription drug labeling law, and was assigned to the General Assembly's Legislative Investigative Commission, where he served until 1983.
Owing to his early success in both politics and business, Simms was selected as 1 of 20 Outstanding Young Men of America in 1970 by the United States Junior Chamber of Commerce.
After being elected to serve a sixth term in the House of Representatives, one of which saw him serve as House Minority Whip, Simms was appointed by the 34th District Republican Legislative Committee to fill the vacancy left when Lynn Morley Martin was elected to the United States House of Representatives from Illinois's 16th congressional district. The committee then chose James Kelley to the Illinois House of Representatives to replace Simms. In the 1982 general election, Simms lost to Joyce Holmberg.
Following his career in the Illinois General Assembly, Simms became a two-time delegate for Ronald Reagan, and served as president of the Illinois Funeral Directors Association.
References
Illinois Republicans
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
1943 births
Illinois state senators
Politicians from Rockford, Illinois
Living people
In Britain, the National Union of Labour and Socialist Clubs (NULSC) is a socialist society representing Working men's clubs affiliated to the Labour Party (many are also affiliated to the Working Men's Club and Institute Union).
References
Clubs and societies in the United Kingdom
Working men's clubs
Labour Party (UK) socialist societies
Vranići () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 456 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The 1917–18 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 10th since its establishment.
Overview
Royal Garrison Artillery won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1917-18
1917–18 domestic association football leagues
1917 in Hong Kong
1918 in Hong Kong
La pâque socialiste (The Socialist Passover) is a play by Emile Veyrin among the most popular in the 1890s social theater genre.
Synopsis
La pâque socialiste is a five-act play set in Rouen. It opens with the textile factory owner Gilbert Lemoine contemplating his father's deathbed confession of an illegitimate daughter, Micheline, who works the factory's payroll. Lemoine informs her of their relation and her share of the inheritance. In discussing her socialist beliefs, which she credited to Gospel teachings, he shares his plans to bequeath his factory and wealth to the workers. They both share commitment to humanity and disdain for egoism.
When other bosses planned to shutter their factories to avoid losses, Lemoine refuses. The calculating capitalist Rousselot threatens Lemoine's ruin, which comes in Acts 2 and 3. Micheline offers her inheritance to save him from bankruptcy but Lemoine is arrested for fraud, his sharing of inheritance seen as concealment of assets. His suicide attempt by pistol is interrupted by Micheline who says even if he must martyr himself in prison, he cannot abandon the cause.
In Act 4, Rousselot, bragging with egotism, is declared an enemy by Lemoine's factory foreman, Ardouin. The factory reopens, Micheline having given her inheritance to the workers, who promise to restore Lemoine's honor and repay his debts. Micheline shares bread and wine while delivering a catechism on collectivism and morality, the workers echoing her as a chorus. She removes her cloak, revealing a white dress, and extols future social redemption.
Productions
Its cast included Firmin Gémier.
The play was one of two selections in the Opéra Bastille's traditional Bastille Day free theater celebration in 1895. It performed in suburban settings followed by the Montmartre Maison du Peuple in 1897.
Reception
The play had moderate success. The writer Richard Auvray condemned the play's affiliation with a single class.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
https://books.google.com/books?id=CU0BDgAAQBAJ&pg=PA166
1890s plays
Socialism in France
Tommaso Gabrielli (born 13 October 1992) is an Italian motorcycle racer who has competed in the 125cc World Championship and the FIM Superstock 1000 Cup. His brother, Matteo Gabrielli, is also a motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
Italian motorcycle racers
Living people
1992 births
People from Bassano del Grappa
125cc World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Sportspeople from the Province of Vicenza
John Smith (born 1901) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.
Career
Born in Eccleshill, Smith moved from Harrogate Amateurs to Bradford City in August 1923. He made 38 league appearances for the club, scoring 6 goals, before signing for Blackburn Rovers in August 1926.
Sources
References
1901 births
Date of death missing
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
was a monthly magazine of conservative opinion published by Bungeishunju Ltd. It normally went on sale on the first day of each month though at the end of the year it was released on the 25th or 26th and in the past it had been released on the second or third day. The chief editor of the final issue was Hiroto Uchida who headed an editorial staff consisting of a small group of only five to seven highly active editors. The number of copies circulated was about 60,000 in September 2008 but actual sales were about 40,000 copies. The magazine ceased publication with the June 2009 issue.
Founding of Shokun
At the time disturbances by radical groups on university campuses were intensifying and the president of the Bungeishunju corporation Shinpei Ikejima was coming to the conclusion that perhaps the media also were too solidly left-wing. Therefore, he tried to create a magazine that would be able to carry conservative articles “proudly befitting the Japanese people” which were hard to deal with in the company's star publication of Bungeishunju. Regarding the launch of Shokun, Ikejima stated that “Bungeishunju was no longer a magazine in which I was able to say the things I wanted to say and we were able to sell more than enough of it, so I sought to create a magazine, even if it was much smaller circulation, in which I would say what I wanted to say.”
The first issue was printed in May but published as the July issue. The first chief editor, later President and Chairman, was Kengo Tanaka. It was considered as an offshoot of Bungeishunju and was also called the “Editorial Bunshun”. The contents of Shokun came to adhere to and strongly reflect the intentions of the Chief Editor Tanaka. It was a conservative and right-wing literary magazine like Seiron, Voice, and WiLL, and was a counterpart to magazines such as Ronza owned by the Asahi Shimbun Company, which ceased publication in 2008, and Sekai owned by the liberal and left-wing-aligned Iwanami Shoten.
Influence in literary circles
In the magazine's early days among the conservative literary critics who contributed articles were Tsuneari Fukuda, Kobayashi Hideo, Michio Takeyama, Shichihei Yamamoto, Jun Eto, Kentaro Hayashi, Michitaro Tanaka, Masataka Kosaka, and Takeshi Muramatsu.
At their own request Ikejima said that he had plans to publish Shokun as the bulletin of the Japanese Cultural Conference, a conservative group formed the year before centering on Yukio Mishima and Tsuneari Fukuda who shared Ikejima's sense of crisis about Japan's future, However, he settled on the magazine's current form due to strong opposition within his company, though the Japanese Cultural Conference continued to operate until the spring of 1994.
Immediately before his suicide Mishima dictated the essay Kakumei no Tetsugaku Toshite no Yōmeigaku ("Yangmingism as a philosophy of revolution") in the presence of Chief Editor Tanaka, which became his only essay in the publication and can now be read in the anthology Kōdōgaku Nyūmon ("An Introduction to Action Philosophy"). The entire February 1971 issue of Shokun is a special issue about the death of Yukio Mishima.
In 1980 Ikutarō Shimizu, who was left-wing until the start of the 1960s, cemented Shokun's status as a core monthly magazine of conservative literati through articles on his widely talked about ideological conversion and his advocating that Japan acquire nuclear weapons. What's more, Shimizu serialized his memoirs, Waga Jinsei no Danpen ("Fragments of my Life"), in Shokun which he then published in two volumes.
Serialized columns
Starting at the magazine's inception with the article Jidai to Watashi ("The Times and I") by Michitaro Tanaka, Shokun serialized the memoirs of famous scholars including Tsuneichi Miyamoto and Mitsusada Inoue.
In addition, throughout the 1980s the writer Jun Henmi serialized her face-to-face interviews with then-active scholars and men of letters born in the Meiji Period including Kinji Imanishi, Tetsuzo Tanikawa, and Bunmei Tsuchiya. Afterwards these were published as the book Hajimete Kataru Koto ("Things I Will Say For The First Time").
Starting with the January 1980 issue the opening column was Shinshi to Shukujo ("Ladies and Gentlemen") the author of which was revealed in the final issue to be Takao Tokuoka. The ending column Waranudemonashi ("Not Without Laughter") by Natsuhiko Yamamoto was also famous. Yamamoto wrote it about 350 times up until shortly before his death in 2002.
Shokun also dealt with science-related projects in columns by, initially, Takashi Tachibana, and later by authors like Fujio Nakano.
Shokun criticized heavily the Shinpoteki Bunkajin, the mostly left-wing so-called “progressive intellectuals” who published many books with Iwanami Shoten and wrote essays for the magazine Sekai. Particularly after the dissolution of the Soviet Union there was the widely discussed serial column Akumabarai no Sengoshi ("A post-war history of demon exorcism") written by Takeshi Inagaki. Each column was introduced with the name of the intellectual and appropriate citations followed by a wide variety of his past statements unconditionally praising the personality cult of Kim Il-sung or the Chinese Cultural Revolution or the dictatorship of the Soviet Union, which were exhumed by Inagaki from old magazines and newspaper articles. Inagaki won the Yamamoto Shichihei Award for his work.
Other editorial stances and policies
Shokun was critical of New Komeito and Soka Gakkai just like its sister publications Bungeishunju and Shukan Bunshun. In addition to the lead column Shinshi to Shukujo, which frequently brought to attention the words and deeds of Soka Gakkai President Daisaku Ikeda, the part of the magazine which took the harshest stance towards the organization was a series of editorials entitled Gekkan Soka Gakkai Mondai ("This Month's Soka Gakkai Problem") which were written by Kunio Naito, a former member of the Mainichi Shimbun editorial team, over a period of more than 10 years until his death in 1999.
Shokun published essays directly confronting issues relating to wartime and pre-war Japan and warning of rising nationalism in neighbouring countries such as China, South Korea, and North Korea. Shokun's editorial line had adamantly advocated worship at Yasukuni Shrine but after the 2006 discovery of the memo of Tomohiko Tomita they put together a special issue softening their hardline stance.
In the 1990s the pages of Shokun became the principal base for development of Nobukatsu Fujioka's “liberal view of history” and together with their main rival magazine Seiron it was deeply involved with the Japanese Society for History Textbook Reform formed in 1996, though Seiron was even more proactively connected with the Society.
Above all, since the first issue, criticism of the Asahi Shimbun was something akin to the magazine's lifework and it put together many special issues staking out a firmly critical stance against the newspaper. When left-wing media outlets like Asahi remained silent on the issue of abductions by North Korea Shokun was right from the start covering the issue heavily. Into the 21st century, Shokun made sweeping criticism of Asahi Shimbun's 2005 attack on NHK for allegedly censoring parts of the proceedings of the Women's International War Crimes Tribunal on Japan's Military Sexual Slavery and like Shinzo Abe accused the newspaper of fabrication.
Shokun was also critical of Asahi Shimbun journalist Katsuichi Honda. Especially well-known was the debate in the pages of the magazine between Honda and Japanese Jew Isaiah Ben-Dasan, which was actually the secret alter ego of Shichihei Yamamoto, who was the famous author of the bestselling Nihonjin to Yudayajin ("The Japanese and the Jews") and who strongly objected to the factual validity of Honda's description of the Nanjing Massacre in his column series entitled Chūgoku no Tabi ("Travels in China"). The fact that Shokun carried Honda's responses, which they decided would take the form of multiple back-and-forth correspondence, is said to have greatly contributed to the growth of the magazine's circulation. Though Honda had always doubted Ben-Dasan's existence, Shichihei Yamamoto, who translated Ben-Dasan's articles and claimed to be his “representative”, never admitted the truth. The full text of the debate is recorded in Honda's book Korosu Gawa no Ronri ("The Logic of the Killers").
When Shinzo Abe was prime minister Shokun ran many special editions about his “Beautiful Country” book and his policies under that slogan featuring contributions by right-wing advocates, but following the LDP's sound drubbing in the upper house elections of 2007 Shokun replaced their chief editor shortly before Abe resigned as prime minister and sought to change their editorial positions.
Though there were also times in the past that Shokun let people not affiliated with the conservative camp contribute articles including Yoshiaki Kobayashi, Akira Asada, Jiro Yamaguchi, Eiji Otsuka, and Masaru Kaneko, in the magazine's final years non-right-wing controversialists such as Chizuko Ueno, Yasuaki Onuma, Shinichiro Inaba, and Shoichi Inoue made appearances in varied formats including interviews and editorials. On this point they were different from Seiron which only ran conservative authors. Also, Shokun sometimes made special issues where they listened to the opinions of intellectuals in all walks of life in the form of a questionnaire and on these occasions the honour of appearing was broad from the left-wing to those with little in the way of political affiliation. In the February 2001 issue they published the results of a diverse questionnaire for participants in the debate on the Nanjing Massacre, and organized and printed a roundtable discussion moderated by then Sankei Shimbun editorial writer Mizuho Ishikawa between Kenichi Matsumoto, Ikuhiko Hata, and Shudo Higashinakano who represented the so-called “three schools of thought” on the massacre.
Criticism
In 2005 special editions were made with such titles as “When the Asahi Shimbun is after you” and “When China is after you”, but these seemingly provocative titles are a so-called Shokun tradition.
In 2006 the journalist Takao Saito slammed Shokun by saying that in the past the magazine's characteristic was “anything goes except speaking ill about the Emperor”, and also by likening the current magazine to a “monthly 2channel”, in that the political positions of the magazine were of the same stock as the forum posts that were made daily on 2channel under the headings of Anti-Tokutei Asia, Anti-Liberalism, and Reviving Conservatism, plus the very way Shokun kept on putting together monthly special editions was similar to the style of 2channel. In the August 2006 issue of Shokun social philosopher and former Unification Church member Masaki Nakamasa hit back at Saito in the article Sayoku no Saigo no Toride: Kakusa Shakai Aikokushin Kyobozai Hantai ("The Last Bastions of the Left-Wing: Opposition to the Rich-Poor Divide, Patriotism, and the Proposed Anti-Conspiracy Bill"), but Saito said that he was dismayed at the response by Shokun's editors limiting him to the readers' section when he requested that they let him rebut Nakamasa in at least two pages. It was in the past a tradition of Shokun that they devote two pages to publishing rebuttals by people of the press to any critical article over several pages, and even Kotaro Tawara, a critic who worked for the Sankei Shimbun, was given the opportunity to rebut in two pages in the March 2004 issue criticism by columnist Hideo Ishii. In the end, Saito did not make a rebuttal.
Demise of the magazine and after
The magazine Seiron, affiliated with Sankei Shimbun, was considered a second tier conservative magazine, but due to an increase in their readership, as of the latter half of the 1990s Seiron and Shokun were ranked equally on sales pages. The two magazines ended up dividing readers who wanted the leading conservative monthly magazine.
Shokun's annual average circulation was a little over 80,000 copies up to August 2005 and hit a peak at 85,000 copies in 2006, but then fell to about 65,000 copies by September 2008. Actual sales were reportedly less than 40,000. On March 2009 it was announced that Shokun would cease publication with the June 2009 issue which would go on sale on 1 May 2009, the magazine's 40th anniversary. There was also a drop in advertising revenue in the whole Bungeishunju corporation and putting an end to Shokun became part of a complete overhaul of the company's business. In the last issue Shokun, like another defunct magazine Hatsugensha, put out advertisements recommending Seiron magazine. Currently, there are no plans for publication of a successor magazine.
On 31 January 2012 after an absence of about three years Shokun was revived for a single special issue about North Korea in the format of a supplementary edition of the February 2012 issue of the magazine Bungeishunju.
See also
Historiography of the Nanking Massacre
Japanese history textbook controversies
Controversies surrounding Yasukuni Shrine
References
External links
1969 establishments in Japan
2009 disestablishments in Japan
Conservatism in Japan
Conservative magazines
Defunct political magazines published in Japan
Magazines established in 1969
Magazines disestablished in 2009
Magazines published in Tokyo
Monthly magazines published in Japan
Suicide in Nepal () has become a minor national issue highlighted by a series of high-profile suicides in recent years. Ranked 126th by suicide rate globally by the 2015 World Health Organization report, Nepal has an estimated 6,840 suicides annually, or 8.2 suicides per 100,000 people. Suicide is currently the leading cause of death for Nepalese women aged 15–49.
Underreporting
The rate of suicide in Nepal has been reported to be as low as 3.7/100,000 as a result of underreporting caused by issues of legality, social stigma, and logistical problems.
Suicide is illegal in Nepal and is punishable by fines and imprisonment. According to the director of Samanta, a Nepalese organization for women's rights, "most families will never report suicide cases as they are afraid of being entangled in police cases." In attempts to avoid legal trouble, suicidal patients and their families may avoid going to hospitals for treatment. Even after death, victims of suicide may have their deaths misattributed to avoid legal problems for their families.
Families may also avoid reporting suicides due to social stigma and discrimination against people with mental health problems. Despite the recent abundance of articles discussing suicide in Nepal, issues related to suicide are largely avoided, both as the result and perpetuation of a powerful social stigma against mental illness. For women in particular, the underreporting of suicides and suicide-attempts may be caused in part by a "culture of silence", especially in cases related to domestic abuse.
Finally, logistical issues pose a threat to accurate reporting and record keeping. According to the Nepal Health Sector Support Programme, due to "poor record keeping by police and hospitals" as well as the fact that "registration systems are inaccurate and of poor quality," suicide may continue to be underreported even if social and legal issues were to be resolved.
Gender
In 2009, the Nepalese Family Health Division's Maternal Mortality and Morbidity Study published the "shocking finding" that suicide was the leading cause of death for women of reproductive age (15-49). According to the report, "analysis of verbal autopsy data indicates mental health problems, relationships, marriage and family issues are key factors" with 21% of suicides among women of reproductive age consisting of women 18 or younger, "indicating that youth is a factor to be investigated." Although the suicide rate for men remains higher almost universally as well as in Nepal (30.1/100,000 for men, 20.0/100,000 for women), Nepal has a relatively high ratio of female:male suicides and stands out as being ranked 17th for male suicide rates but 3rd for female suicide rates. It's worth noting that while male suicide rates are higher, it is estimated that Nepalese women attempt suicide three times more than men do. Additionally, the tie ins to maternal health, domestic violence, and youth have made female suicide a prominent issue. A case study published in the same mortality report exemplifies the type of problems that women may face:
Sanju was a 21 years old, illiterate and mother of two children. By her third pregnancy she was anaemic and malnourished, feeling dizzy and weak, but she received no antenatal care. In her third month of pregnancy she was about to travel to her maternal home with her husband, but her relatives stopped her as there was a flood. She went to her room to rest, but when her mother-in-law went to her room an hour later she said she had eaten some medicine for killing lice. Her husband, mother-in-law and neighbour took her to the local medicine shop in their cart, and the pharmacist immediately referred her to the district hospital. The family borrowed money and took her to hospital in a private van, a 25 minute journey. She was admitted to the emergency ward and attended to by the doctor immediately, but died within a few hours. The above account was given by her mother-in-law. However, the female community health volunteer said Sanju suffered from hysteria and was being forced to have an illicit relationship with her father-in-law. She was treated for her hysteria but forced to continue the relationship, and therefore was tense. The FCHV and VHW felt this may have been the reason she committed suicide.
More indirectly, gender based inequality in Nepal has been suggested as the cause of female suicide in Nepal. The prominence of suicide among women of reproductive age may be as a result of unwanted pregnancies and early marriages. For Nepalese women, being married can come with the cost of leaving one's family and friends, creating a "perennial cycle of dependence, which may lead some to view suicide as their only option.
Notable cases
Vishvajit Malla, Malla Dynasty King of Kantipur
Yogmaya Neupane, Women's Right Activist
Sungdare Sherpa, Mountaineer
Bhimsen Thapa, Prime Minister of Nepal
Bharat Raj Upreti, Supreme Court Justice
Alok Nembang, Nepali Movie director
Anil Adhikari (Yama Buddha), Nepali Rapper
Rahul Rai, Nepali Singer
References
Health in Nepal
Women in Nepal
Death in Nepal
Nepal
Suicide in Nepal
James Taylor may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
James Taylor (born 1948), American singer/songwriter and guitarist.
James Taylor (album), American folk singer's debut album
James Taylor (author), American fiction writer
James Taylor (British author and historian) (born 1963), British writer on maritime art
James Taylor (tenor) (born 1966), American opera singer
James Arnold Taylor (born 1969), American voice actor
James J. Taylor (1931–2005), videographer
James "J.T." Taylor (born 1953), lead singer with the band Kool & the Gang
James Taylor Move, Australian psychedelic rock band
James Taylor Quartet, led by the British acid jazz musician James Taylor
James S. Taylor, of the UK house band Swayzak
Government and politics
Australia
James Taylor (New South Wales politician)
James Taylor (Queensland politician) (1820–1895), Queensland politician
James Taylor (Victorian politician) (born 1934), Victorian politician
Canada
James Taylor (1761–1834), farmer, merchant and political figure in New Brunswick
James Taylor (d. 1856), businessman and political figure in New Brunswick
James Taylor (Nova Scotia politician) (1771–1801), merchant and politician in Nova Scotia
James A. Taylor (1928–2020), Ontario legislator who represented the Prince Edward—Lennox district
James Davis Taylor (1863–1941), Canadian Member of Parliament
James H. Taylor (born 1930), Canadian ambassador to Japan
James Samuel Taylor (1872–1960), Canadian politician, printer and publisher
United Kingdom
James Alastair Taylor (born 1951), Sheriff Principal of the Sheriffdom of Glasgow and Strathkelvin
James Banks Taylor (died 1884), British businessman and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong
United States
J. Alfred Taylor (1878–1956), U.S. Representative from West Virginia
J. Will Taylor (James Willis Taylor, 1880–1939), US congressman from Tennessee
James Taylor (New Mexico politician) (born 1966), New Mexico State Senator
James Andrew Taylor (1835–1906), Wisconsin politician
James C. Taylor (1930–1999), Illinois state legislator
James Craig Taylor (1826–1887), Virginia lawyer, newspaper publisher and politician
James Knox Taylor (1857–1929), Supervising Architect of the United States Department of the Treasury
James Wickes Taylor (1819–1893), American diplomat
Military
James Taylor (Alamo defender) (c. 1814–1836), soldier
James Taylor Jr. (banker) (1769–1848), American Quartermaster General and banker, War of 1812, founder of Newport, Kentucky
James Allen Taylor (born 1937), U.S. Army officer and Medal of Honor recipient
James E. Taylor, U.S. Navy admiral
Religion
James Taylor (minister) (1813–1892), Scottish Presbyterian minister and historical author
James Taylor Jr. (Exclusive Brethren) (1899–1970), New York leader of Raven-Taylor Exclusive Brethren assemblies
James Hudson Taylor (1832–1905), British Protestant Christian missionary to China, founder of the China Inland Mission (aka OMF Intl.)
James Ignatius Taylor (1805–1875), Irish priest and educator
Sports
Cricket
James Taylor (cricketer, born 1809) (1809–?), English professional cricketer
James Taylor (cricketer, born 1846) (1846–1915), English cricketer
James Taylor (cricketer, born 1974), English cricketer
James Taylor (cricketer, born 1990), English Test cricketer
James Taylor (cricketer, born 2001), English cricketer
James Taylor (Scottish cricketer) (1929–2019), Scottish cricketer
James Taylor (sportsman) (1917–1993), English-born Scottish cricketer, umpire
Other sports
James Taylor (cyclist), British track cyclist
James Taylor (sports administrator) (1871–1944), Australian sports administrator
Jay Taylor (placekicker) (James Taylor, born 1976), American football kicker
Candy Jim Taylor (James Allen Taylor, 1884–1948), player and manager in Negro baseball league
Zack Taylor (baseball) (James Wren Taylor, 1898–1974), player and manager in Major League baseball
James Taylor, British race car driver, see 1998 International Formula 3000 season
James Taylor (footballer)
Other
James Taylor (lawyer), American lawyer who works for the Heartland Institute
James Taylor (neurologist) (1859–1946), British neurologist
James Taylor (tea planter) (1835–1892), in Sri Lanka
James Braid Taylor (1891–1943), governor of the Reserve Bank of India
James Haward Taylor (1909–1968), British geologist
James Henry Taylor (1893–1972), American mathematics professor
James M. Taylor (1930–1970), astronaut
James Madison Taylor, known as Matt Taylor, early settler of southeastern Idaho
James R. Taylor (born 1928), communications professor at University of Montreal
See also
Jamie Taylor (born 1982), footballer
Jim Taylor (disambiguation)
James Taylor Jr. (disambiguation)
James Bayard Taylor
James Chapman Taylor
James Monroe Taylor
Christopher Rasheed Jones (born July 3, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for the London Lightning of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL).. After two years at Northwest Florida State and two years at Louisville Jones entered the 2015 NBA draft but was not selected in the draft's two rounds.
High school career
Jones played high school basketball at Melrose High School in Memphis, Tennessee where he was the Co-Star a long the side of Adonis Thomas Chris was a top 50 prospect as a senior at Melrose (Tenn.) High School, Jones originally signed with Tennessee in the same class as former Cardinal Kevin Ware before opting for the junior college route. He was rated as the nation's 10th-best point guard in high school by ESPN, Rivals and Scout, and the No. 39 prospect overall by Rivals. He also averaged 20.5 points, 6.8 rebounds and 6.1 assists per game as a junior in helping lead Melrose to a 26-7 overall record and the Tennessee Class AAA state title and a No. 15 finish in the ESPN Rise Fab 50 national rankings. He earned first-team all-state honors and was the state tournament MVP after scoring 35 points in the championship game. He scored 1,402 in three high school seasons. Transferred for his senior year to Oak Ridge (N.C.) Military Academy, where he averaged 22.5 points, 5.1 rebounds, 5.0 assists and 2.8 steals. Also considered Memphis, Kansas, Baylor, Florida State and Oklahoma State before his commitment to the Cardinals.
College career
A 6'0" point guard, Jones was a junior college star at Northwest Florida State, where he was voted as the Division III NJCAA Player of the Year. After considering offers from major conference schools, he signed with Louisville and coach Rick Pitino.
He had been suspended from the Syracuse game on February 18 after having sent a threatening text message to a woman he had previously dated, after that woman went into his apartment when Jones was not present and "messed up" his room but was reinstated several days later. After playing against Miami on February 21, he missed that night's curfew, leading to his dismissal. He was dismissed from Louisville on February 22, 2015. Several days after that, Jones was charged with rape stemming from an incident that allegedly occurred the night of the Miami game. In late April, a grand jury chose not to indict Jones and his two co-defendants in the case. Chris Jones and the two co-defendants were exonerated of the all charges after the grand jury heard 2 days of testimony from the two co-defendants and witnesses. Also worthy of note the lead investigator for the University of Louisville Police Lt. John Tarter, was lead detective on 3 other rape cases in which 3 other defendants were convicted and then later exonerated. In one of those cases, the city paid a $3.9 million settlement to William Gregory, who was cleared by DNA evidence.
Professional career
Jones began his pro career in the 2015–16 season in Turkey, with the Yeşilgiresun Belediye. He left the club after some days and joined BG Goettingen. On October 20, 2015, he moved to Paris-Levallois
On August 23, 2016, Jones signed in Greece with Apollon Patras of the Greek Basket League. Jones was released from the Greek team on October 11, 2016 due to Club payment issues. On March 16, 2017, he signed with French club Antibes Sharks as an injury replacement player. On April 10, 2017, he parted ways with Antibes after appearing in two games.
Jones signed with Úrvalsdeild karla club Valur prior to the 2019–20 season. In his debut, Jones scored a season high 31 points in a victory against Fjölnir. On October 31, he refused to play the second half of Valur's game against Keflavík, effectively ending his stay with the club. Valur officially terminated its contract with Jones the following day. In five games for Valur, Jones averaged 19.0 points and 3.8 assists.
References
External links
Eurobasket.com profile
RealGM.com profile
Louisville Cardinals bio
1991 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Apollon Patras B.C. players
Basketball players from Memphis, Tennessee
Belfius Mons-Hainaut players
BG Göttingen players
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball players
Metropolitans 92 players
Northwest Florida State Raiders men's basketball players
Olympique Antibes basketball players
Point guards
Úrvalsdeild karla (basketball) players
Valur men's basketball players
Universe In Reverse is the second album by London-based rock band Infadels. It was released on 23 June 2008.
The first single "Make Mistakes" was released on 21 April 2008 and the second single "Free Things" was released on 16 June 2008. "A Million Pieces", the third single, was released on 1 September 2008.
Track listing
"Circus of the Mad"
"Make Mistakes"
"Play Blind"
"Free Things for Poor People"
"Code 1"
"A Million Pieces"
"Universe in Reverse"
"Don't Look Behind You"
"Chemical Girlfriend"
"How to Disappear"
References
Musicmeter.nl
2008 albums
Infadels albums
Wall of Sound (record label) albums
The Empresa Interbancária de Serviços S.A. (EMIS - English: Interbank Service Company) is the operator of the Angolan interbank network for the network of ATMs and Point-of-Sale (POS) terminals for automatic payments under the brand name of Multicaixa. EMIS is also the clearing house for those payments and for direct debit and funds transfer operations (Giro) for all banks in Angola.
The legal basis for EMIS' existence and activity is the national law on Angolan payment systems, the BNA directive No. 9/2011 of 13 October on the regulation of bank payment cards, and various other laws and directives regulating the Angolan financial system.
The main shareholder of EMIS S.A. is the Angolan central bank, the Banco Nacional de Angola (BNA) with initially 51%, now reduced to 45%. The actual banks participating in the interbank network hold participations from 1.97% (four banks) up to 6.5% of the shares (Banco do Fomento de Angola).
EMIS prepares a system of mobile payment, i.e. transferring money via mobile phone, whereby EMIS intends to play the role of what they call an MVPO - Mobile Virtual Processor Operator. and describe as an entity which acts as the processor of the mobile payment services in the name of the banks being represented, using the technology and infrastructure of the Mobile Network Operators. EMIS would provide the direct interface to the user, acting in a collaborational model for the participating banks.
See also
Multicaixa
Banco Nacional de Angola
List of banks in Angola
References
External links
EMIS website
BNA on "Sistema de Pagamentos de Angola"
Banks of Angola
A shotgun start is a golf tournament format in which all groups of players tee off simultaneously from different holes. A shotgun is shot into the air to signal the start of the tournament. Each hole on a course will be the tee off hole for each foursome. Group 1 would start from hole 1, Group 2 from hole 2, etc. Each group starts play at the same time. A shotgun start will allow a tournament to end at the same time it takes the slowest foursome to finish a full round or 18 holes of golf. If there are more than 18 teams, some double up at the 4 and 5 par holes as A & B teams.
The December 2004 issue of Golf Digest reported that in May 1956, Jim Russell, the head pro at Walla Walla Country Club in Walla Walla, Washington, fired a shotgun to sound the start of play. This is purportedly the first time a tournament used such a starting format. Today, a siren is used so that golfers all over the course can hear the signal to start, or a specific time is designated.
This starting format is popular for charity events, as everyone starts and finishes at the same time. This allows for a post-event meal where the prizes can be awarded. It can also be used for large group and corporate tournaments as well as events where the participants arrive at the venue together on a bus.
Most golf courses have strict rules and policies when booking this type of tournament (as the number of players involved essentially closes the course to other golfers), which may include one or more of the following:
There must be a minimum number of players. If this minimum cannot be met, the course may revert the tournament to a first tee or split tee start.
Deposits for this type of event may be higher than normal first tee starts. Cancellation notices may also have to be presented further in advance.
These events may be restricted to being held on weekdays or specific days of the week. Most courses do not allow this type of event on weekends.
A surcharge may apply to quoted rates.
Starting times are usually restricted to either 8 a.m. or 1 p.m. at most courses.
The club usually requires the tournament to have a post-event meal at the clubhouse.
The club may require a minimum prize purchase from the club pro shop.
The course may require the tournament carry weather insurance.
The course may require mandatory carts for all participants, even if the host organization traditionally prohibits carts at their events.
Some clubs subject these tournaments to membership approval.
European Tour
Because of weather issues, the European Tour of professional golf has used the format three times to play ahead of the weather; the final round of the 1994 Czech Open, the final two rounds of the 2015 Portugal Masters and the final round of 2018 Alfred Dunhill Links Championship all used shotgun starts in order to beat the weather. The lead group teed off at the first hole, with groups going by order, with the first golfers on the 18th, then the second group on the 17th, and so forth. There were two groups at some holes, with six of the 18 holes featuring two groups. In those cases, the second group teed off five minutes after the first group.
References
Golf terminology
The 1875 NYU Violets football team represented New York University in the 1875 college football season.
Schedule
References
NYU
NYU Violets football seasons
College football winless seasons
NYU Violets football
Richard Elual Kerrin (4 July 1898 – 4 November 1988) was Dean of Aberdeen and Orkney from 1956 to 1969.
The son of a clergyman, he was educated at Robert Gordon's College and the University of Aberdeen. After wartime service with the Artists' Rifles he was ordained in 1923. Following a curacy at Old Saint Paul's, Edinburgh he held Incumbencies at Inverurie, Stirling and Fraserburgh He then served as Rector of St John's Aberdeen from 1954 to 1969 during which he was appointed as Dean of the Diocese between 1954 and 1969. After retirement from the full-time ministry, he served at Alford until ill-health forced him to retire permanently.
Notes
1898 births
1988 deaths
People educated at Robert Gordon's College
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Artists' Rifles soldiers
British Army personnel of World War I
Alumni of Edinburgh Theological College
Deans of Aberdeen and Orkney
Chah Ab (, also Romanized as Chāh Āb) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. The current Agha of the village is Tilar Reeze Hossein who began his reign in 1999. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 15 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Julio Meléndez Calderón (born April 11, 1945 in Lima) is a retired Peruvian football defender.
Career
Meléndez was one of South America's most recognized defenders of his time, and was a great success in Argentine football, to the point of being considered an all-time first team member at Boca Juniors.
Meléndez played a total of 156 games for Boca in all competitions.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Footballers from Lima
Association football defenders
Peruvian footballers
Peru international footballers
1975 Copa América players
Club Universitario de Deportes footballers
Sport Boys footballers
Boca Juniors footballers
Atlético Chalaco footballers
Juan Aurich footballers
Peruvian Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Peruvian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Copa América-winning players
Metopism is the condition of having a persistent metopic suture, or persistence of the frontal metopic suture in the adult human skull. Metopism is the opposite of craniosynostosis. The main factor of the metopic suture is to increase the volume of the anterior cranial fossa. The frontal bone includes the forehead, and the roofs of the orbits (bony sockets) of the eyes.
The frontal bone has vertical portion (squama) and horizontal portion (orbital part). Some adults have a metopic or frontal suture in the vertical portion. In uterine period in right and left half of frontal region of the fetus there is a membrane tissue. On each half a primary ossification center appears about the end of the second month of the fetus. Primary ossification center extends to form the corresponding half of the vertical part (squama) and horizontal part (orbital part) of the frontal bone.
At birth the frontal bone contains two portions, separated by the metopic (frontal) suture. Metopism is the condition of having a persistent metopic suture. Metopic suture is regularly obliterated, except at its lower part, by the eighth year, but infrequently persists throughout life. There is no single proven cause of metopism. The occurrence is from mild to serious situations. Visional, learning, and behavioral problems may happen in serious metopism. Some don't need any medical treatment. Surgery is a successful approach for those who need it. Treatment teams include: neurosurgeons, plastic surgeons, neurologists, oral and maxillofacial surgeons, audiologists, neuroscience nursing professionals, speech therapists, physical therapists, dentist, otolaryngologists, ophthalmologists, psychiatrists, psychologists and social workers.
Additional image
References
Sources
Online version of Gray's Anatomy — The complete 20th U.S. edition of Gray's Anatomy of the Human Body, published in 1918. NB: This is the most recent American version that is in the public domain.
First edition of Gray's Anatomy, 1858 (direct PDF link)
Congenital disorders of musculoskeletal system
Longhoughton Quarry is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in north Northumberland in North East England. The site is a now disused quarry which yielded whinstone, a hard dark rock associated in Northumberland with the Whin Sill.
Location and natural features
Longhoughton Quarry is situated west of Longhoughton, a coastal village in Northumberland. The SSSI covers an area of . The quarry displays intrusions of the igneous rock dolerite beneath a Great Limestone stratum, and shows variously the incorporation of blocks of sedimentary rock; baking of sedimentary rock, and the delineation of ancient watercourses.
The condition of Longhoughton Quarry was judged to be favourable in 2009.
See also
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northumberland
References
External links
Natural England SSSI record for Longhoughton Quarry
Quarries in England
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northumberland
Sites of Special Scientific Interest notified in 1987
Quarry
"Reflections" is a 1967 song recorded by The Supremes for the Motown label. It was the first Supremes record released under the new billing, Diana Ross & the Supremes, and is among their last hit singles to be written and produced by Motown's main production team Holland–Dozier–Holland (H–D–H).
It peaked at number 2 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart and number 5 on the UK Singles Chart in September 1967.
Background
This single, released at the height of the Summer of Love of 1967 and the Vietnam War, was the first Supremes' release to delve into psychedelic pop; H–D–H's production of the song, influenced by the psychedelic rock sounds of bands such as The Beatles and The Beach Boys, represented a shift in Motown's pop sound during the latter half of the 1960s. The psychedelic influence is apparent in the song's arrangement. Although it is sometimes cited as one of the first mainstream pop recordings to feature a Moog synthesizer, the unusual sounds on the track were generated on a test oscillator and treated with effects. The Supremes' label Motown did eventually purchase a Moog III synthesizer in December 1967.
Release and reception
"Reflections" peaked during the late summer and early fall of 1967. Making the highest debut on Billboard Hot 100 on the week of August 6, the song reached number 2 on the week ending September 9, 1967. One place short of being the group's 11th American number 1 single, "Reflections" stalled at the penultimate position for two weeks behind Bobbie Gentry's "Ode to Billie Joe", which Diana Ross re-recorded as a solo for the Reflections album. The single peaked at number 5 on the UK Singles Chart.
Cash Box said that "electronic effects are put to much use on this new outing from the Detroit mill, and the feedback play adds a cute appeal to the steady throbbing blues lament for an old love."
The first nationally televised performance to feature Ballard's replacement Cindy Birdsong as a member of The Supremes on American television, now billed as "Diana Ross & the Supremes," was on an episode of the ABC variety program The Hollywood Palace. The episode was hosted by entertainer Sammy Davis Jr. and first broadcast on September 26, 1967.
A 2003 remix of the song, running 3:16, contains the looped section that closes the 2:50 hit version in the fade-out, features a cold closing as originally recorded.
The first part of this song was used in the title sequence of China Beach that ran in the US from 1988 to 1991. It was also sampled in "Uh Huh Oh Yeh," the opening track on Paul Weller's eponymous debut solo album released in 1992.
Track listing
7-inch single (July 24, 1967) (North America/United Kingdom)
"Reflections" – 2:50
"Going Down for the Third Time" – 2:30
Personnel
Lead vocals by Diana Ross
Background vocals by Mary Wilson and Marlene Barrow
Instrumentation by the Funk Brothers
Earl Van Dyke – Wurlitzer electric piano, Hammond organ, test oscillator
James Jamerson – bass guitar
Richard "Pistol" Allen – drums
Joe Messina – guitar
Jack Ashford – percussion
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
1967 singles
The Supremes songs
Songs written by Holland–Dozier–Holland
Motown singles
Psychedelic soul songs
1967 songs
Song recordings produced by Brian Holland
Song recordings produced by Lamont Dozier
Television drama theme songs
The 2018–19 film awards season began in November 2018 with the Gotham Independent Film Awards 2018 and ended in February 2019 with the 91st Academy Awards. Major winners for the year included Roma, Green Book, Bohemian Rhapsody, and The Favourite, among others.
Award ceremonies
References
American film awards
Bratyajon is a Bengali theatre group of Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
History
The director of the group Bratyajon is Bratya Basu. The first play staged by Bratyojon was Ruddhasangeet (2009). In August 2012, the opened 4 franchisees in West Bengal. In November 2013, Bratyajan opened 7 franchisees.
Productions
Ruddhasangeet (2009)
Byomkesh
Sinemar Moto(2013)
References
External links
Theatre companies in India
Bengali theatre groups
Organizations with year of establishment missing
JD Moller (born 22 October 1982 in Carnavon) is a South African rugby union footballer.
External links
Stormers profile
1982 births
Living people
South African rugby union players
Rugby union props
Afrikaner people
Stormers players
Western Province (rugby union) players
Stellenbosch University alumni
Alumni of Paarl Boys' High School
Rugby union players from the Northern Cape
John Monyn (before 1376 – 1419 or after) of Dover, Buckland and Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician.
Family
At some point before 1380, Monyn married a woman whose name is unrecorded. Together they had two children, Isabel and Thomas, who also represented Dover in Parliament. Before April 1405, Monyn's first wife had died and he married again. His second wife's name is also unrecorded, but they had one daughter, Alice.
Career
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Dover in ?1376, 1378, May 1382, September 1388, January 1390, January 1397, September 1397 and for Canterbury in 1419. He was Mayor of Canterbury in September ?1386–87, 1387–88, 1395–96 and 1403–04.
References
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
English MPs 1376
English MPs 1378
Members of the Parliament of England for Dover
Mayors of Canterbury
English MPs May 1382
English MPs September 1388
English MPs January 1390
English MPs January 1397
English MPs September 1397
English MPs 1419
Johannes Teutonicus Zemeke (died 1245), also Joannes Simeca Teutonicus and John Zimeke, was a Decretist glossator, best known for his glosses on Gratian's Decretum in collaboration with Bartholomew of Brescia. He also is known for his theory that a woman who had sex with 23,000 men was a prostitute, whether or not she accepted money for the act.
References
1245 deaths
13th-century scholars
Year of birth unknown
13th-century German writers
13th-century Latin writers
Canon law jurists
Barrett is an independent advertising agency headquartered in San Francisco, California, and founded in December 2012.
The agency is led by President and Chief Strategist Matt Hofherr, Creative Directors Jamie Barrett and Todd Eisner, Head of People Molly Warner, and Head of Production Conor Duignan.
Barrett is a three-time honoree in the Advertising Age Small Agency Awards, and was named West Coast Small Agency of the Year in 2018.
Barrett clients include Walmart, Chime, Marvel, ASICS, World Market, 2K Games, Bleacher Report, and Sutter Health.
Prior to opening the agency, founder Jamie Barrett worked as a writer and creative director at agencies including Wieden + Kennedy, Goodby Silverstein & Partners, Fallon, and Chiat Day. He is a former Adweek National Creative Director of the Year and was named one of Creativity's Top 50 creatives in 2006, 2007 and 2008.
References
External links
Barrett SF official website
Digital marketing companies of the United States
Companies based in San Francisco
Marketing companies established in 2012
Advertising agencies of the United States
2012 establishments in California
Gisèle Halimi (born Zeiza Gisèle Élise Taïeb; 27 July 1927 – 28 July 2020) was a Tunisian-French lawyer, politician, essayist and feminist activist.
Biography
Zeiza Gisèle Élise Taïeb was born in La Goulette, Tunisia, on 27 July 1927 to a practicing very modest Jewish Berber family (to Edouard et Fortunée dite "Fritna" Taïeb). She was educated at a French lycée in Tunis, and then attended the University of Paris, graduating in law and philosophy. Her childhood and the ways in which she blends a Jewish-Muslim identity are discussed in her memoir, Le lait de l'oranger. She was first married to Paul Halimi, and then to Claude Faux. She died the day after her 93rd birthday, on 28 July 2020.
Career
In 1948, Halimi qualified as a lawyer and, after eight years at the Tunis bar, moved to practise at the Paris bar in 1956. She acted as a counsel for the Algerian National Liberation Front, most notably for the activist Djamila Boupacha in 1960, who had been raped and tortured by French soldiers, and wrote a book in 1961 (with an introduction by Simone de Beauvoir) to plead her case. She also defended Basque individuals accused of crimes committed during the conflict in Basque Country, and was counsel in many cases related to women's issues, such as the 1972 Bobigny abortion trial (of a 17-year-old accused of procuring an abortion after having been raped), which attracted national attention.
In 1967, she chaired the Russell Tribunal, which was initiated by Bertrand Russell and Jean-Paul Sartre to investigate and evaluate American military action in Vietnam.
In 1971, she founded the feminist group Choisir () to protect the women who had signed the Manifesto of the 343 admitting to having illegal abortions, of which she was one. In 1972 Choisir formed itself into a clearly reformist body, and the campaign greatly influenced the passing of the law allowing contraception and abortion carried through by Simone Veil in 1974.
In 1981, she was elected to the French National Assembly, as an independent Socialist, and was Deputy for Isère until 1984. Between 1985 and 1987 she was a French legate to UNESCO.
In 1998, she was a founding member of ATTAC.
Works
Footnotes
References
An unlikely alliance. The Guardian, 12 August 2003. Accessed 2011-01-15.
Further reading
General Paul Aussaresses, The Battle of the Casbah: Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism in Algeria, 1955-1957. (New York: Enigma Books, 2010) .
Natalie Edwards, The Autobiographies of Julia Kristeva, Gisèle Halimi, Assia Djebar and Hélène Cixous : beyond "I" versus "we". (Chicago: Northwestern University, 2005) .
1927 births
2020 deaths
People from Tunis Governorate
Jewish activists
French essayists
French feminists
French abortion-rights activists
French socialists
Tunisian emigrants to France
Tunisian feminists
Tunisian Jews
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
20th-century French women lawyers
20th-century French women writers
French women essayists
20th-century French lawyers
20th-century French women politicians
20th-century Tunisian women writers
20th-century Tunisian writers
Tunisian socialist feminists
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
Berber feminists
Mizrahi feminists
French socialist feminists
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission (LPC), formed in 1965, is the New York City governmental commission that administers the city's Landmarks Preservation Law. Since its founding, it has designated over a thousand landmarks, classified into four categories: individual landmarks, interior landmarks, scenic landmarks, and historic districts.
The New York City borough of Manhattan contains a high concentration of designated landmarks, interior landmarks and historic districts. The section of Manhattan between 14th Street and 59th Street includes Midtown Manhattan and other neighborhoods, and includes numerous individual landmarks, interior landmarks, and historic districts, as well as two scenic landmarks. The following is an incomplete list. Some of these are also National Historic Landmark (NHL) sites, and NHL status is noted where known.
source: ; ; date listed is date of designation;
Historic districts
Individual landmarks
1–9
A–L
M–Z
Interior landmarks
Scenic landmarks
See also
List of New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan below 14th Street
List of New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan from 59th to 110th Streets
List of New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan above 110th Street
National Register of Historic Places listings in New York County, New York
List of National Historic Landmarks in New York City
References
External links
NYC Landmarks Preservation Commission
NYC Landmarks Designation Reports
New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission flickr Group
Locally designated landmarks in the United States
New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission
Manhattan 14th to 59th
The Undeclared War is a British near-future thriller television series, aired from 30 June 2022 on Channel 4. The series is written by Peter Kosminsky.
Plot
The series follows two main characters, Saara Parvin in the UK and Vadim Trusov in Russia, during a cyber and misinformation attack upon the UK.
Parvin has just started a one-year student-placement at GCHQ when a cyber-attack takes down some of the UK-internet and she joins the team examining the code of the malware. She is praised when she discovers a second attack within the code and a diligent search for a third attack doesn't find one.
Meanwhile, she feels alienated within GCHQ but makes friends with John Yeabsley who spends his lunch-time correcting the grammar of other people's blogs. He, in turn, says how alienating it is to not be able to talk about his work outside. We later find that Parvin hasn't told her family where she is working and her brother is appalled when she finally tells him.
Trusov had attended a class with Parvin in London and when he returns to Russia he starts working for Russia's twitter-misinformation campaign but when the UK crash the facility as reprisal for the malware he reluctantly joins the offensive malware department.
Russia escalates the attack and incites unrest in the UK by interfering with the reporting of a general election whereupon the UK remotely destroys some Russian arms dumps. Russia exaggerates the damage and uses it as a pretext for isolating GCHQ from NSA by leaking NSA software from a UK site.
Trusov eventually reveals that this was all planned by Russia and he deliberately and openly leaks all the Russian software to GCHQ as a gift that the UK can use to appeal for help from the USA just as the tit-for-tat reprisals become overtly physical. In the last scene, Parvin stands stricken with grief because Trusov has sacrificed himself.
Cast
Hannah Khalique-Brown as Saara Parvin
Simon Pegg as Danny Patrick
Maisie Richardson-Sellers as Kathy Freeman
Edward Holcroft as James Cox
Adrian Lester as Andrew Makinde
Alex Jennings as David Neal
Mark Rylance as John Yeabsley
Alfie Friedman as Gabriel Davies
Kerry Godliman as Angie McMurray
German Segal as Vadim Trusov
Joss Porter as Phil
Tinatin Dalakishvili as Marina Veselova
Episodes
Reception
Critical response
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 82% of 11 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 5.6/10.
Controversy
The show's adverts were inspired by the panic-provoking 1938 radio adaption of The War of the Worlds, and subject to complaints to the UK broadcasting regulator Ofcom due to the adverts being broadcast as if they were live news broadcasts.
Technical accuracy
The global cyber-security firm NCC Group were consultants to the show. They developed the on-screen code whilst advising on and producing the mock-ups for the wider technical visuals.
References
External links
2022 British television series debuts
2022 British television series endings
2020s British drama television series
2020s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
Intelligence agencies in fiction
GCHQ
Serial drama television series
Channel 4 television dramas
Television series set in 2024
Television series by Universal Television
Peacock (streaming service) original programming
Helcystogramma juventellus is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1897. It is found in Jamaica and Mexico (Tabasco).
The wingspan is about 7 mm. The forewings are whitish on the costal half towards the base, becoming greyish towards the dorsum and brownish ochreous about and beyond the end of the cell. There is a slender black streak at the extreme base of the costa, followed by a very short oblique black streak at one-fourth and a broader oblique black streak at the middle. This is separated by a narrow oblique white streak from an elongated blackish costal blotch, which is somewhat triangular and terminates in a curved reduplicated blackish line in the apical cilia. This blotch contains an outwardly oblique slender line, pointing to a small black spot in a white patch before the apex, another slender white line meeting it at an angle from the dorsum. There is a small pale space on the fold at about half the wing-length, containing a few blackish scales. The terminal cilia are hoary, speckled with greyish fuscous. The hindwings are greyish brown.
References
Moths described in 1897
juventellus
Moths of Central America
Moths of the Caribbean
Kamakshipalya is a neighbourhood located in the western part of the city of Bangalore. Located along the Magadi Road, it is bound by Basaveshwaranagar, Vijayanagar and Nagarbhavi. The Outer Ring Road lies to the west of Kamakshipalya.
Kamakshipalya features in the list of ten traffic "black spots" of Bangalore compiled by the city traffic police, with the Nagarbhavi Ring Road–Magadi Road–Sumanahalli Flyover (Outer Ring Road) stretch witnessing large number of traffic accidents and deaths.
References
External links
Neighbourhoods in Bangalore
Willem Van Lancker is an American entrepreneur and product designer, who is best known for being the co-founder and Chief Product Officer of ebooks company Oyster.
Biography
Willem Van Lancker was born in Providence, Rhode Island. He attended the private high school Moses Brown School, graduating in 2006. Van Lancker received a BFA degree in Graphic Design in 2010 from Rhode Island School of Design. He briefly attended Harvard Business School for graduate courses but did not complete his degree. It was at grad school where he met Eric Stromberg, one of the future co-founders of Oyster.
He began his career at Adidas in 2008 as an intern. Van Lancker later interned at Apple in 2009 where he helped create Apple's emoji. From 2010 until 2012, Van Lancker was a user experience designer for Google Maps where he worked on Google Maps for iOS and "The New Google Maps." Oyster was founded in 2012 by Van Lancker, Eric Stromberg and Andrew Brown. After Oyster was acquired by Google in 2015, Van Lancker and the rest of the staff moved to Google.
Van Lancker was named one of Forbes Magazine's 30 Under 30 in 2015.
On April 6, 2022, Rhode Island Governor Daniel McKee announced that Rhode Island's new license plate was designed by Van Lancker. The design features 5 waves.
References
External links
Personal website
Living people
Rhode Island School of Design alumni
American businesspeople
Year of birth missing (living people)
American designers
Moses Brown School alumni
Lauren Smith-Fields (January 23, 1998 — December 12, 2021) was an African-American woman living in Bridgeport, Connecticut. On the morning of Sunday, December 12, 2021, she was allegedly found unresponsive in bed by her Bumble date.
Background
Smith-Fields was aged 23 and on a date with Matthew LaFountain at the time of her death. LaFountain, 37 year old white man found her unresponsive at around 6 a.m. Immediately calling 9-1-1, the man started chest compression as advised by the operator. These efforts would prove to be unsuccessful and she was pronounced dead at the scene. First responders noted that her date seemed "shaken up" and in a state of shock. Her death was ultimately ruled an accidental overdose caused by Fentanyl and alcohol mixing.
Controversy
Many people, including Smith-Fields' family believe that the police department in charge of handling the case did not do enough or conduct a proper investigation. Some believe her date may be responsible for her death but he was cleared upon questioning, still Smith-Fields family feels the police department did explore her date as a suspect far enough. Many say this incident did not receive as much attention or care as it would have if Smith-Fields were a white woman, calling this situation another example of institutionalized racism and a lack of care for black lives.
Aftermath
Smith-Fields' family organized a protest outside of Morton Government Center and the detectives in charge of her case were put on leave and/or resigned. The case is still open and has be reassigned to other officers.
References
2021 deaths
Deaths in Connecticut
Unsolved deaths
FC Avers Bakhmach was a Ukrainian football club from Bakhmach, Chernihiv Oblast.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!Notes
|-
|1996–97
|4th
|2
|20
|13
|4
|3
|21
|15
|43
|
|Group 5
|-
|1997–98
|3rd "C"
|17
|34
|9
|11
|14
|29
|43
|38
|3rd round
|Group C
|}
References
Avers Bakhmach, FC
Football clubs in Chernihiv Oblast
Association football clubs disestablished in the 1990s
1990s disestablishments in Ukraine
Greatham railway station served the village of Greatham in the Borough of Hartlepool, North East England, from 1841 to 1991 on what became the Durham coastline.
History
The station was opened on 10 February 1841 as a stop on the Stockton and Hartlepool Railway, originally a branch line linking West Hartlepool to main line of the Clarence Railway near . Under the direction of the North Eastern Railway, a successor to the S&HR, a new line was constructed at Hartlepool in 1877 to provide a direct connection to the former Hartlepool Dock & Railway network operating northwards from the town, thus allowing through running towards and beginning the process of integrating the S&HR into what would become the Durham coastline.
The station survived the Beeching cuts but was later downgraded to an unstaffed halt. It was ultimately closed to all traffic on 24 November 1991, after having its service reduced to minimal levels for much of the previous decade.
The disused station platforms remain at the site, but all station buildings have been demolished and the signal box will be demolished in October 2020.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in the Borough of Hartlepool
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1841
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1991
1841 establishments in England
1991 disestablishments in England
Greatham, County Durham
Tyler Nelson may refer to:
Tyler Nelson (dancer)
Tyler Nelson (basketball)
See also
Nelson Tyler, engineer and inventor
Thomas Jefferson Hudson (October 30, 1839 – January 4, 1923) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Jamestown, Indiana, Hudson attended Lebanon (Indiana) Academy and Wabash College, Crawfordsville, Indiana. He moved to Nodaway, Missouri, in 1854. He spent much of the Civil War on an unexplained mission in Nevada. He moved to Coyville, Kansas, in 1866 and taught in the first county school. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar in Iola, Kansas, in June 1869. He moved to Fredonia, Kansas, in 1869 and commenced practice. Aided in the adoption of the Fifteenth amendment. Treasurer and member of the first Fredonia school board in the early seventies. He served as a member of the State house of representatives in 1870. He served as mayor of Fredonia in 1871. Organized the Wilson County Bank in Fredonia in 1871. He was graduated from the law department of the University of Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1874. He served as prosecuting attorney for Wilson County 1884-1886. He served as a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1884, 1888, 1896.
Hudson was elected as a Populist to the Fifty-third Congress (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1895). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1894. He resumed the practice of law in Fredonia. He served as a Regent of the State college of agriculture in 1897 and 1898. He died in Wichita, Kansas on January 4, 1923. He was interred in Fredonia Cemetery, Fredonia, Kansas.
References
External links
Thomas J. Hudson in Kansas: A Cyclopedia of State History. Volume III (Supplementary Volume). Part 1. 1912. Standard Publishing Company (Chicago, IL), publisher.
1839 births
1923 deaths
People from Boone County, Indiana
People's Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Mayors of places in Kansas
Wabash College alumni
People from Wilson County, Kansas
Kansas Democrats
Kansas Populists
People from Andrew County, Missouri
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Portello is a district ("quartiere") of Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 8 administrative division of the city, located north-west of the centre. It is best known as a car-manufacturing area, as it used to house facilities of Alfa Romeo (now dismissed), Darracq, Citroën, and Fiat. The district also includes one of the major shopping malls in north-western Milan. It is crossed by the Circonvallazione ring road. Portello is adjacent to the new CityLife district.
History
Portello was one of the major urban requalification process in Milan, as the former Alfa Romeo area (385,000 m²) is now being restructured. The project includes a major park called Parco Vittoria and what will become the largest plaza in Milan (20,000 m²), as well as commercial, service and housing infrastructures.
The name of the district comes from the "Strada del Portello" (Portello road), an ancient rural road that used to connect Milan to Rho, and that was later replaced by the new Strada del Sempione ("Simplon Road") leading to the Simplon Pass; the old Portello road is now known as "Via Traiano". In turn, the road was named after the Portello city gate, that was part of the city walls and that was located in the surroundings of the modern Cadorna railway station.
Parco Vittoria
The design of Parco Vittoria, by architects Charles Jencks and Andreas Kipar, includes several unusual elements, and it is based on the general theme of time. It will comprise a large round lake, with a strip-shaped promontory that will allow pedestrians to walk to the center of the lake itself. A helix shaped hill (called "The Spiral of Time") will provide a panoramic view of the city; an artistic representation of the double DNA helix will be placed on top of the hill. Both the lake and the hill will be part of a park section called "Time Garden", partitioned into three areas dedicated to prehistory, history and present times.
Grand Prix racing
The district hosted a city circuit in which 1947 Italian Grand Prix was held.
See also
Alfa Romeo Portello Plant
Footnotes
Districts of Milan
The W.C. Beattie House is a historic house located at 289 West Brittania Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
Description and history
The house was built in 1882 for W.C. Beattie, a designer at Reed & Barton. It is among the best extant examples of a large-scale builder-produced Queen Anne residence in the city. The -story building has a hipped-roof projecting, gable sections, and porch with a decorated gabled portico.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5, 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1882
Queen Anne architecture in Massachusetts
The Epistles of Manushchihr (Minocher) () are a response to comments made by the author's brother on the subject of purification in Zoroastrianism.
When Zadsparam, who was the high priest of Sirjan which is located near Kerman, proposed certain new precepts, the public were not ready for change and were very unsatisfied. Therefore, they decided to complain to the high priest's older brother Manuschchihr, who was the high priest of Kerman.
In response, Manushchihr issued three epistles in the issue:
A reply to the complaining people
an expostulation with his brother
a public decree condemning the new precepts of his younger brother as unlawful innovations.
The first epistle is dated March 15, 881; the third is dated June–July 881. This book contains almost 9000 words. Manushchihar is the author of another major Pahlavi book named the 'Dadestan-i Denig'.
External links
English translation
Pahlavi original
Zoroastrian texts
9th-century books
Nemophila pedunculata is a common annual wildflower found throughout western North America. Its common names include littlefoot nemophila and meadow nemophila.
Nemophila pedunculata grows low to the ground, with a fleshy stem and thick, bristly leaves. The flowers are tiny, only about a centimeter wide. They are a broad bell shape and they vary widely in color. Some are blue, but most are white with a variety of markings, including small blue streaks or speckles, or an eye-catching purple spot at the tip of each petal. Its native habitats include ocean bluffs, moist open places, and grasslands.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment — Nemophila pedunculata
Calflora Database: Nemophila pedunculata (littlefoot nemophila, meadow nemophila)
Nemophila pedunculata — UC Photo gallery
pedunculata
Flora of the West Coast of the United States
Flora of California
Flora of Idaho
Flora of Nevada
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Cascade Range
Flora of the Great Basin
Flora of the Klamath Mountains
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the San Francisco Bay Area
Natural history of the Santa Monica Mountains
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The women's 10,000 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 11 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
10,000 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
The women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held on 24 June 2018 at the Campclar Aquatic Center.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Mediterranean Games records were as follows:
The following records were established during the competition:
Results
The final was held at 19:06.
References
Women's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay
Medit
"King of the Kerb" is the second single from Echobelly's On released by the Britpop band Echobelly in 1995.
The song was included on both of the greatest hits albums that Echobelly have released; I Can't Imagine The World Without Me and The Best Of Echobelly. All b-sides were re-released on the expanded edition of On.
It also reached 25 in the UK Singles Chart.
Track listing
UK CD 1
All songs produced by Echobelly and recorded at Marcus a part from "King of the Kerb", produced by Paul Kolderie and Sean Slade and Recorded at Konk Studios and Fort Apache.
"Natural Animal" and "Car Fiction" were originally released on On.
UK CD 2
All songs recorded live at wetlands preserve
"Insomniac" was originally released on Everyone's Got One
"Great Things" was originally released on On.
European CD
Australian CD
Japanese CD
Released on 24 April 1996
Atom was re-released on the greatest hits compilation I Can't Imagine The World Without Me.
Released on the label Epic/Sony.
Credits
Bass – Alexander Keyser
Drums – Andy Henderson
Guitar – Glenn Johansson
Voice – Sonya Madan
Engineer – Dick Meaney
Cover Photography – Kevin Westenberg
Producer – Echobelly
References
1995 singles
Echobelly songs
1995 songs
Helcystogramma victrix is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1911. It is found in southern India.
The wingspan is 10–12 mm. The forewings are blackish fuscous with violet-blue-metallic markings and with a streak along the costa from the base to one-third, then continued obliquely downwards to below the middle of the disc. There is a subdorsal streak from the base to near the middle and there is a spot on the dorsum at two-thirds, as well as a somewhat oblique slightly curved irregular fascia from two-thirds of the costa, reaching two-thirds of the way across the wing. There is an irregular fascia immediately before the termen, tending to be broken into three or four spots and the termen is tinged with fulvous, with a black marginal line. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1911
victrix
Moths of Asia
The Alfred Fagon Award is granted annually for the best new play by a Black British playwright of the Caribbean or African descent, resident in the United Kingdom. It was instituted in 1996 and first awarded in 1997, to recognise the work of Black British playwrights from the Caribbean, and named in honour of the poet and playwright, Alfred Fagon. Its scope was broadened in 2006, to include those of African descent. The award is given with the support of the Peggy Ramsay Foundation.
Winners
Past winners include:
2019: Jasmine Lee-Jones, for seven methods of killing kylie jenner
2020: Juliet Gilkes Romero, for The Whip
2021: Mojisola Adebayo, for Family Tree
Other awards
In 2014, additional awards were instigated, including one for the "outstanding contribution to writing" and an "audience award".
References
External links
Dramatist and playwright awards
Black British culture
Theatre in the United Kingdom
Black theatre
Awards established in 1996
1996 establishments in the United Kingdom
The white-throated thrush (Turdus assimilis) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found in Mexico and Central America, ranging south to central Panama. This species has been referred to in some literature as "white-throated robin." However, that name is now more usually applied to the Old World species Irania gutturalis.
Subspecies
There are 13 subspecies, and the Dagua thrush (East Panama and coastal South America) and white-necked thrush (South America) have sometimes also been included as subspecies.
Description
The white-throated thrush measures about . It features a distinctive black and white streaked throat bounded by a solid white crescent. Breast is light gray to gray-brown, back is dark gray to gray-brown. It also has bold yellow eyerings, bill and feet.
Habitat, status and vagrancy
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is common in its range and an extremely rare vagrant into Texas and Arizona; 3 sightings have been recorded (1990 and 1998 in Texas and 2019 in Arizona).
References
Further reading
External links
white-throated thrush
Birds of Central America
white-throated thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vinesh Antani is Gujarati novelist, short story writer and essayist from Gujarat, India.
Life
Vinesh Dinkarrai Antani was born on 27 June 1946 at Navavas near Mandvi (in Kutch district, Gujarat) India. His father was primary school teacher and his mother was interested in literature. He completed his secondary school from Nakhatrana and SSC in 1962. He completed Bachelor of Arts in Gujarati-Hindi from Bhuj in 1967 and Master of Arts in Gujarati-Sanskrit in 1969. He taught Gujarati at Commerce College of Bhuj for five years. In 1975, he joined Akashvani as a Programme Director and voluntarily retired as Station Director. Later he edited Gujarati edition of India Today magazine.
Works
He has written several novels including Nagarvasi (નગરવાસી, 1974), Ekantdvip (એકાંતદ્વીપ, 1975), Palashvan (પલાશવન, 1979), Priyajan (પ્રિયજન, 1980), Asopalav (Ane Chotha Male Piplo) (આસોપાલવ (અને ચોથા માળે પીપળો), 1980), Anurav (અનુરવ, 1983), Biju Koi Nathi (બીજું કોઈ નથી, 1983), Soorajni Par Dariyo (સુરજની પાર દરિયો, 1984), Jivanlal Kathamala (જીવણલાલ કથામાળા, 1986), Fans (ફાંસ, 1987), Kaflo (કાફલો, 1988), Sarpadansh (સર્પદંશ, 1989), Nirvansh (નર્વંશ, 1990), Patalgadh (પાતાળગઢ, 1992), Luptanadi (લુપ્તનદી, 1993), Anhi Sudhinu Akash (અહીં સુધીનું આકાશ), Sarovar, Dhundhabhari Khin (ધૂન્ધભરી ખીણ, 1996), Dhaad (ધાડ, 2003), Antargat (અંતર્ગત, 2002), Sarovar (ane Farm House) (સરોવર (અને ફાર્મ હાઉસ)) and Ame Ajanya (અમેં અજાણ્યાં, 2006), Bije Kyank (બીજે ક્યાંક), Jindgi Aakhi (જિંદગી આખી), Ketan Ane Sulabhani Premkatha (કેતન અને સુલભાની પ્રેમકથા). His Dhundhabhari Khin described people living amid political disturbances in Punjab. His novels are translated in Hindi as Nagarvasi, Kafila and Dhundhbhari Vadi and in Odia as Dhumrabha Upatyaka.
Antani has started his career with short stories. Holarav (1983), Ranzanavu (1989), Ahin Koi Rahetun Nathi, Pachha Valvu and Tane Khabar Nathi, Niru (2008) are his collections of short stories. Potpotano Varsad (1992), Tya Maru Ghar Hatu (2004), Atmani Nadina Kanthe and Dhumadani Jem are his collections of essays. His essays under Doobaki series include Doobki, Marjeeva, Koik Smit, Sugandh ane Smriti, Saat Secondnu Ajavalu, Soneri Bund. He edited Gujarati Navalikachayan: 1994-95 (on short stories), 2005 ni Shreshth Vaartao (Best Stories of 2005) and Gamvato (Essays of Manilal H. Patel).
He translated Hindi author Nirmal Verma's works as Ek Chinthru Sukh (1997) and Kagado ane Chhutkaro. He also translated Erich Segal's Love Story in Gujarati.
He has written radio plays, Leela Vansno Tahuko and Malipa. He translated Hindi playwright Mani Madhukar's play as Andhrei Nagari in Gujarati. His absurd play Himmatlal Himmatlal is also performed for audience.
Awards
He was awarded Dhanji Kanji Gandhi Suvarna Chandrak (1993) and K. M. Munshi Suvarna Chandrak. His works have received prizes of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad and Gujarat Sahitya Akademi. He received Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati writers in 2000 for his work Dhundhabhari Khin.
References
External links
Vinesh Antani on Google Books
Interview in Gujarati on WebGurjari
1946 births
Living people
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Gujarati
People from Mandvi
20th-century Indian novelists
20th-century Indian translators
20th-century Indian short story writers
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Gujarat
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Prize for Translation
Helcystogramma thiostoma is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found in southern India.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are dark purplish fuscous, with the stigmata blackish, the first discal and plical minute, indistinct, with the plical slightly posterior, the second discal distinct. The veins are posteriorly slightly streaked darker. The hindwings are grey.
References
Moths described in 1929
thiostoma
Moths of Asia
Philo Paz Patric Armand (born 12 March 1996) is an Indonesian former racing driver.
Career
Karting
Born in Jakarta, Armand began karting in 2006, winning the Formula Cadet class of the Indonesian Karting Championship the following year. In 2009, he won the Junior class of the Indonesian Karting Championship and finished 13th in the Asia-Pacific KF3 Championship. In 2011, he finished 4th in the Asia-Pacific KF1 Championship, and during the year he also became an official driver of the Tony Kart Racing Team.
During his final year of karting in 2012, Armand finished 14th in the CIK-FIA KF1 Karting World Championship, a title won by teammate Flavio Camponeschi.
Formula Renault 2.0
After making his single-seater debut in the Formula Renault BARC Winter Series in late 2012, Armand joined Fortec Motorsports to contest the 2013 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season. He finished 28th in the championship, with the best race result of eleventh coming in the final round in Zandvoort. He also contested four races of the Formula Renault 2.0 Alps championship as a guest driver with Tech 1 Racing.
Armand switched to Formula Renault 2.0 Alps for a full-time campaign with Tech 1 Racing for the 2014 season. He finished 18th in the championship, with the best race result of fourth coming at the second round in Pau. He also took part in two rounds of the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 season with the team.
Formula Renault 3.5 Series
In 2015, Armand graduated to the Formula Renault 3.5 Series, racing alongside Roberto Merhi at Pons Racing.
GP2 Series
He joined Trident Racing for the 2016 GP2 Series.
Racing record
Career summary
† As Armand was a guest driver, he was ineligible for championship points.
Complete Formula Renault 3.5 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete GP2 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Indonesian Christians
Sportspeople from Jakarta
Indonesian racing drivers
Moluccan people
Formula Renault 2.0 Alps drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
Formula Renault BARC drivers
Karting World Championship drivers
World Series Formula V8 3.5 drivers
GP2 Series drivers
Pons Racing drivers
Tech 1 Racing drivers
Trident Racing drivers
Fortec Motorsport drivers
The Wiseman hypothesis, sometimes called the tablet theory, is a theory of the authorship and composition of the Book of Genesis which suggests that Moses compiled Genesis from tablets handed down through Abraham and the other patriarchs. Originally advocated by P. J. Wiseman (1888–1948) in his New discoveries in Babylonia about Genesis (1936) and republished by Wiseman's son, Donald Wiseman, as Ancient records and the structure of Genesis: A case for literary unity in 1985, the hypothesis received some support from R. K. Harrison (1969) but otherwise remained without acceptance in scholarly circles.
History
P. J. Wiseman
Air Commodore P. J. Wiseman, a British officer who visited many active archaeological sites during his career in the Middle East, found that ancient narrative tablets usually ended in colophons which had a very specific format consisting of three parts; 1) "this has been the history/book/genealogy of...", 2) the name of the person who wrote or owned the tablet, and 3) a date (such as "in the year of the great earthquake," or "the 3rd year of king so-and-so", etc. Wiseman noted that there are eleven phrases in Genesis which have the same colophon format, which have long been identified as the (Hebrew for "generations") passages; the Book is generally divided thematically along the lines of the . What Wiseman brought new to the table was the idea that these apparent colophons indicated that Genesis had originally been a collection of narrative clay tablets written in cuneiform, like the ancient tablets he had seen, which Moses had edited into a single document on parchment or papyrus. This is in contrast with traditional views that Moses wrote Genesis entirely on his own without any outside sources and with the Documentary hypothesis that Genesis was compiled by much later and unknown redactors.
Once a link had been made between the in Genesis and the ancient colophons, another point became apparent. Just as the colophons came at the end of the narratives, so too, the s may come at the end of narratives. Thus the first of these passages, Genesis 2:4, refers to the preceding Creation account beginning in Genesis 1, rather than being the introduction to the succeeding account. The traditional understanding has been that since nearly all the s are immediately followed by a list of descendants of the person named in the , then the s were thought to be the beginning of sections in Genesis.
In his Creation Revealed in Six Days, P. J. Wiseman argued that the days of creation represented the time period in which God took to reveal his work of creation, and that Genesis 1 "is an account of what 'God said' about the things 'God made'... it is His revelation to men about His creative acts in time past."
R. K. Harrison
R. K. Harrison in his Introduction to the Old Testament wrote approvingly of [Wiseman's] approach which "had the distinct advantage of relating the ancient Mesopotamian sources underlying Genesis to an authentic Mesopotamian life-situation, unlike the attempts of the Graf–Wellhausen school, and showed that the methods of writing and compilation employed in Genesis were in essential harmony with the processes current among the scribes of ancient Babylonia."
Harrison noted that these examples had been discounted by scholars who follow Wellhausen and the Documentary hypothesis, since the central basis of the Documentary hypothesis is that the Pentateuch is mostly a work composed by unknown editors and authors who lived much later than the time of Moses.
Donald Wiseman
Donald Wiseman noted in the foreword to the revised edition of his father's book that since it had first been written (1936) many more colophons have been discovered among Babylonian cuneiform texts which substantiated the use of this scribal device. Texts from Syria and Mesopotamia show continuity in tradition of scribal education and literary practices for more than two millennia, giving fixed and dated points. He particularly valued the implication of this theory for the early use of writing. Genesis 1-37 could be a transcript of the oldest written records.
Tablets in Genesis
This is a breakdown of Genesis into 'tablets' delineated by colophons according to Wiseman's theory.
Reception
Biblical scholar Victor Hamilton states that Wiseman's hypothesis was "the first concerted attempt to challenge the hypothesis" of introductory colophons. Hamilton does however identify several problems with what he terms the "Wiseman-Harrison approach". Firstly, "in five instances where the formula precedes a genealogy ..., it is difficult not to include the colophon with what follows." Secondly, the approach requires the "unlikely" explanation that "Ishmael was responsible for preserving the history of Abraham", Isaac for Ishmael's history, Esau for Jacob's and Jacob for Esau's. The third problem he identifies is that Genesis is narrative, not biographical, as that approach would suggest.
Herbert M. Wolf describes the theory as "an attractive one", but suggests that it has "serious shortcomings". Firstly, he suggests that almost always fit more naturally with the verses that they precede than with the verses that precede them. Secondly he doubts if Moses would be able to read writing made before the Tower of Babel. Thirdly he also suggests that the pairings of preservers and preserved histories are "unlikely", given the "rivalry and jealousy" involved and the lack of contact between Esau and Jacob.
The Bible Knowledge Commentary: Old Testament says that Wiseman's view is "unconvincing" and distinguishes between the Babylonian colophons and the of Genesis, in that the colophon is a repetition, not a description of contents, the owner named is the current owner, not the original, and the colophons do not use the Akkadian equivalent of the as part of their formula.
Books
See also
Mosaic authorship
Documentary hypothesis
Lower criticism
Biblical criticism
Dating the Bible
Footnotes
References
Further reading
Hamilton, Donald L., Homiletical Handbook, p. 141, Broadman and Holmann Publishers, 1992.
Taylor, Charles, Who Wrote Genesis? Are the Toledoth Colophons?, Journal of Creation, Aug 1994.
Woudstra, Marten, The Toledot of the Book of Genesis and Their Redemptive-Historical Significance, Calvin Theological Seminary, 1980.
Biblical criticism
Book of Genesis
Hypotheses
A cotton rat is any member of the rodent genus Sigmodon. Their name derives from their damaging effects on cotton as well as other plantation crops, such as sugarcane, corn, peanut and rice. Cotton rats have small ears and dark coats, and are found in North and South America. Members of this genus are distributed in the Southwestern United States, Mexico, Central America, and South American countries of: Venezuela, Ecuador, Colombia, Peru, Brazil, Guyana, and Suriname. Many of the species are found in Mexico.
They are primarily herbivores. The molars of cotton rats are S-shaped when viewed from above. The genus name literally means S-tooth.
Sigmodon hispidus was the first model organism to be used in polio research.
Classification
Genus Sigmodon
Subgenus Sigmodon
Sigmodon hispidus species group
Sigmodon alleni - Allen's cotton rat
Sigmodon arizonae - Arizona cotton rat
Sigmodon hirsutus - Southern cotton rat
Sigmodon hispidus - Hispid cotton rat
Sigmodon mascotensis - Jaliscan cotton rat
Sigmodon ochrognathus - Yellow-nosed cotton rat
Sigmodon planifrons - Miahuatlán cotton rat
Sigmodon toltecus - Toltec cotton rat
Sigmodon zanjonensis - montane cotton rat
Sigmodon fulviventer species group
Sigmodon fulviventer - tawny-bellied cotton rat
Sigmodon inopinatus - unexpected cotton rat
Sigmodon leucotis - white-eared cotton rat
Sigmodon peruanus - Peruvian cotton rat
Subgenus Sigmomys
Sigmodon alstoni - Alston's cotton rat
References
External links
Tree of Life: cotton rats
Sigmodontinae
Rat, Cotton
Taxa named by George Ord
Batman 3 may refer to:
Batman Forever, the third film in the Tim Burton/Joel Schumacher Batman film series
The Dark Knight Rises, the third and final installment in The Dark Knight trilogy
Batman: Arkham Origins, the third installment in the Batman: Arkham series
Lego Batman 3: Beyond Gotham
Dick Grayson, the third Batman following Azrael's stint as Batman during "Knightfall"
Shui Chuen O () is one of the 41 constituencies in the Sha Tin District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Sha Tin District Council, with an election every four years.
Shui Chuen O loosely covers part of public housing estate Shui Chuen O Estate in Sha Tin. It has projected population of 20,294.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Sha Tin
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Sha Tin District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
The 1978 Hackney Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
Uggdal is the administrative centre of Tysnes municipality in Vestland county, Norway. The village is located on the west side of the island of Tysnesøya. The village is located in the northern part of the Uggdalsdalen valley, just about from the coast. The small residential area of Uggdalseidet lies on the south side of Uggdal and the village of Våge lies about north of Uggdal.
The village has a population (2019) of 313 and a population density of .
Uggdal is the site of the municipal administration, a doctor's office, the local fire and police stations, as well as a school. Uggdal Church is also located in the village, serving the parish of Uggdal which includes the southwestern part of the island of Tysnesøya.
References
Villages in Vestland
Tysnes
Radian Glacier () is a glacier on the east side of the Royal Society Range, descending from a high cirque just southeast of Mount Rucker and flowing east toward Walcott Glacier. In the measurements made of this glacier by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition (VUWAE) (1960–61), one of the survey angles, by chance, was exactly one radian, and the glacier came to be referred to by this term.
Radian Ridge () is a ridge named in association with Radian Glacier.
References
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Oldbawn (or Old Bawn, ) is a small suburban area now within Tallaght on Dublin's southside. Formerly a small village in its own right, it is situated between the Sean Walsh Park and the River Dodder.
A bawn is the defensive wall surrounding an Irish tower house. It is the anglicised version of the Irish word bábhún, meaning "cattle-stronghold" or "cattle-enclosure"
History
Old Bawn was the site of an estate for several centuries, and later of a small village, whose population reached over 380 in the mid-19th century to the Current numbers of near 14,000.
McInerney Homes began construction of the Old Bawn Housing Estate as it lies today, in the 1970s.
These 3 bed semi-detached homes first sold for on average £3,700 Irish Pounds or €4,700.
Old Bawn House
Old Bawn House was built in 1635 by Archdeacon William Bulkeley, son of Launcelot Bulkeley the Archbishop. It was situated where the St. Maelruan's school now stands. It was one of the first Irish houses that was not built purely for defence. Oldbawn had extensive pleasure gardens that survived, albeit in a neglected state, until 1900.
Old Bawn House was damaged in the rebellion of 1641, but restored shortly afterwards. The house was designed in an "H" shape with high pointed gables and twelve chimneys. Its internal features included a chimney piece and a carved oak staircase, both of which are now in the National Museum of Ireland. The chimney piece reached to the ceiling and depicted the building of the walls of Jerusalem, dating back to 1635. There was also a lodge house built to the front of the house. Old Bawn House was enclosed by a wide fosse with a drawbridge. To the south of the house there was a large garden laid out with walks, ponds and trees.
The house passed to Lady Tynte who leased it. In 1830, Old Bawn was bought by the McDonnell family who established a paper mill behind the house. The house fell into disrepair during the early 1900s, and was used as a storehouse when the lands were being developed in the 1960s. Eventually Old Bawn house was demolished, and is now the site of the Maelruans Primary School.
Amenities
Amenities in the area include Tallaght Stadium, Aylesbury Shopping Centre, Oldbawn Shopping Centre, a number of parks, and Bohernabreena Pitch & Putt club.
Community School
Old Bawn Community School is a secondary school located adjacent to Sean Walsh Park and the Tallaght Bypass in Oldbawn. Former students include footballers Keith Fahey and Stephen Kenny.
Demographics
According to the Central Statistics Office census of 2011, the townland of Oldbawn had a population of 13,480 people. This included 6,591 males and 6,889 females. There were 4,979 houses in the area, with a vacancy rate of 3.1%.
The Old Bawn Estate contains 1,418 homes; 797 in the Old Bawn Estate on 20 roads, 332 on what is known as the Irish Estate across 11 roads, 157 in Parkwood and 132 in Watergate.
References
Places in South Dublin (county)
Uppercross
Chah Ab or Chahab () may refer to:
Chah Ab District (چاه اب - Chāh Āb), Afghanistan
Chahab, Fars (چاه اب - Chāhāb), Iran
Chahab, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad (چهاب - Chahāb), Iran
Chah Ab, Razavi Khorasan (چاه اب - Chāh Āb), Iran
Oji "Donoji" Chukwuemeka Ifeanyichukwu (born 28 July 1981) is a Nigerian architect, entrepreneur, author and carpenter known for his carpentry training in Abuja. He is a co-founder and CEO of Dazzle Furniture Limited and currently serves as President, National Carpentry and Furniture Summit (NACAFS). Donoji holds master's degree in architecture and an MBA in entrepreneurship. He is the author of the book, The Solepreneur: Grow your Business Faster and Smater.
Early life and education
Oji Chukwuemeka Ifeanyichukwu was born on 28 July 1981 in Enugu, Nigeria. He earned bachelor's and master's degrees in Architecture from Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University before proceeding to the Institute for Transformative Thought & Learning, Doctoral Research Centre & University (ITTL-DRC) Arizona, USA where he obtained a master's of business administration (MBA) in Entrepreneurship. Donoji is a member of the Nigerian Institute of Management.
Career
Donoji began his entrepreneurial career in 2009, when he cofounded Dazzle Furniture Limited with Oji Chukwudimma Chukwudike. Later, they established Dazzle Carpentry Training Limited and went into partnership with Turkish furniture makers to train young Nigerians carpentry. As of 2021, Dazzle Carpentry Training had trained over 300 people. Donoji is the CEO of Dazzle Furniture and Dazzle Training limited. He is a co-founder of Rainermakers Dynamics Solutions LTD, the owners of Kobo Invest.
Donoji is the current President of National Carpentry and Furniture Summit (NACAFS) and serves as the PRO of Interior Designers Association of Nigeria (IDAN) in affiliation with International Federation of Interior Architects and Designers (IFIAD).
References
Nigerian carpenters
1981 births
Living people
Nigerian architects
Igbo architects
Nigerian furniture makers
Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University alumni
Elizabeth Vianna is a female winemaker and businesswoman who has been responsible for some of California's most notable Cabernet wines. She is one of America's few Latina winemakers, known for Bordeaux-style wines at Chimney Rock, a part of Terlato Wine Group.
Career
Vianna came to the wine world by happenstance. She studied Biology in undergrad at Vassar College in New York and worked as a clinical toxicologist after completing her undergraduate education. While living in New York City an working in New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center, she tasted a glass of 1985 Sociando Mallet while at an auction at Chrisie's Auction House.
This newfound appreciation for wine led her to apply to the University of California, Davis for a masters program in winemaking. While in school, Vianna began an internship at Chimney Rock. When she graduated in 1999, Vianna became an enologist at that Napa company, and was named assistant winemaker there in 2002. She then advanced to the position of winemaker in 2005.
In 2011, Vianna was promoted to General Manager of the winery, while continuing in her role as head winemaker of this Stags Leap District estate enterprise.
Over time, Vianna worked with California's top winemakers, including Heidi Barrett, Erin Green, Pam Starr, and Celia Welch.
In 2009, Vianna was honored by the UC, Davis School of Graduate Studies when she was invited to deliver the commencement speech to the class of 2009. She is frequently selected for tasting panels and judging wine competitions.
In 2012, PBS filmed Vianna's work at Chimney Rock for a six-part TV series titled Vintage. The show took viewers behind-the-scenes at three Napa Valley wineries during the 2012 harvest season.
In 2017, Vianna's vines were almost affected by the October northern California wildfires.
See also
List of wine personalities
References
American winemakers
American female winemakers
American viticulturists
Living people
Wine merchants
University of California, Davis alumni
People from Napa County, California
Year of birth missing (living people)
The House of Atreus Act II, released in 2000, is the tenth studio album by the American heavy metal band Virgin Steele. It was released as a double CD album. This album is the second and final part of a metal opera inspired by the Oresteia, a trilogy of Greek tragedies written by Aeschylus which concerns the end of the curse on the House of Atreus. The music was intended to be the soundtrack for theatrical shows, with actors impersonating the characters of the tragedy. The metal opera was actually performed under the name "Klytaimnestra - The House Of Atreus" in European theatres from 1999 to 2001, with the production of the Memmingen Opera House company and Landestheater Production.
In 2019, Metal Hammer ranked it as the 12th best power metal album of all time.
Track listing
All songs by David DeFeis except tracks 3, 8, 10, 23 by DeFeis / Edward Pursino.
CD 1
CD 2
Personnel
Band members
David DeFeis - all vocals, keyboards, orchestration, effects, producer
Edward Pursino - acoustic and electric guitars, bass
Frank Gilchriest - drums
Production
Steve Young - engineer, mastering
Ed Warrin - engineer
References
2000 albums
Virgin Steele albums
Rock operas
Noise Records albums
Works based on The Libation Bearers
Works based on The Eumenides
Júlio César Rocha (born October 22, 1979 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actor.
Biography
He studied at the Theatre School Célia Helena, attended the Anhembi Morumbi University, studied at the Actors School Wolf Maya in São Paulo and New York Film Academy in New York City.
The actor began his career at age 15 when he participated in "ballet in the curve". From there, he appeared in "Our family life", "The case of the ten darkies", "Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny", "Patty Diphusa Pedro Almodovar," "Beware, boy love," Toni Brandão, that won the APCA award for best juvenile play in 1997.
On television he had a prominent role as the character "João Batista" in the novel Duas Caras and currently as the mysterious "Enzo" of Fina Estampa.
In 2013, Rocha return to the novels Amor à Vida, the plot it interprets Jacques.
Filmography
Television
Film
2009 – Não Me Deixe em Casa – Short film
2011 – Eu odeio o Orkut – Giácomo
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Male actors from São Paulo
Brazilian male television actors
Brazilian male telenovela actors
Brazilian male film actors
Brazilian male stage actors
20th-century Brazilian male actors
21st-century Brazilian male actors
The 1958–59 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 48th since its establishment.
League table
References
1958–59 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Nargada is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 2,771, in 411 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Bardar () is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 665, in 173 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Dolichostylodon is an extinct species of mammal, belonging to the order Notoungulata. It lived during the Middle Eocene, and its fossilized remains were discovered in South America.
Description
About the size of a marmot, this animal was quite similar to other basal notoungulates such as Oldfieldthomasia, Ultrapithecus and Colbertia, from which it was mainly distinguished by the characteristics of its teeth. The deciduous premolars were more triangular-shaped than in Ultrapithecus, the paracone was more prominent, and the deciduous third lower premolar had a well-developed metaloph. The upper molars had a very prominent parastyle and metastyle. The metacone column was wider than in Colbertia, and the mesiolabial dimple was not present, while the distolabial dimple was wide and shallow.
Classification
Dolichostylodon saltensis was first described in 2009, based on fossil remains found in the locality El Simbola, in the Salta Province of Argentina. It was a typical basal representative of the order Notoungulata, a large group of mammals that occupied during most of the Cenozoic various ecological niches in South America. Dolichostylodon was a member of the family Oldfieldthomasiidae, a possibly paraphyletic group comprising various small and basal notoungulates. Within Oldfieldthomasiidae, Dolichostylodon was closely related to the other Patagonian species, despite the low-crowned (brachydont) teeth.
Bibliography
D. A. García López and J. E. Powell. 2009. Un nuevo Oldfieldthomasiidae (Mammalia: Notoungulata) del Paleógeno de la provincia de Salta, Argentina. Ameghiniana 46(1):153-164
Eocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 2009
Prehistoric placental genera
Typotheres
Peterjohnsiidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Species in this family exhibit sexual dimorphism in segment number: adult males have 30 segments, but adult females have 32 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last). In adult males in this family, the gonopod complex involves three leg pairs (pairs 8 through 10) rather than just the two (pairs 8 and 9) usually modified into gonopods in this order.
Genera:
Peterjohnsia Mauriès, 1987
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
Proanthocyanidin B3 may refer to:
Procyanidin B3, a catechin dimer
Prodelphinidin B3, a gallocatechin-catechin dimer
USS General R. M. Blatchford (AP-153) was a for the U.S. Navy in World War II. She was named in honor of U.S. Army general Richard M. Blatchford. She was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT General R. M. Blatchford in 1946. On 1 March 1950 she was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) as USNS General R. M. Blatchford (T-AP-153). She was later sold for commercial operation under the names SS Stonewall Jackson and Alex Stephens, before being scrapped in 1980.
Operational history
General R. M. Blatchford (AP-153) was launched 27 August 1944 under a Maritime Commission contract (MC #705) by the Kaiser Co., Richmond, California; sponsored by Mrs. William Anderson of San Francisco; acquired and simultaneously commissioned 26 January 1945.
General R. M. Blatchford sailed from San Francisco 12 March 1945 with over 3000 fighting men and debarked them at Manila 13 April, returning to San Francisco 22 May to off-load 2000 troops taken on board at Biak and Finschhafen. She sailed 30 May for France via the Panama Canal, touched at Le Havre 20 June, and debarked more than 3,000 returning troops at Boston 1 July. Five days later the transport sailed to redeploy troops from the European to the Pacific theater, embarking 3000 soldiers at Leghorn, Italy, and bringing them safely to Luzon and Manila in August 1945. General R. M. Blatchford embarked more than 1,000 troops and casualties at San Pedro, Philippine Islands, and put in at Seattle 30 September 1945.
Continuing her Magic Carpet assignments, the ship sailed from Seattle 16 October with 2,800 rotation troops and debarked them at Nagoya, Japan, where 3,000 homeward veterans were loaded and put ashore at San Francisco 20 November. From 28 November 1945 – 7 May 1946 three more round trip voyages from Seattle to the Far East were made, the transport bringing near-capacity loads of troops to and from Nagoya, Yokohama, and Shanghai and mooring at San Francisco 7 May 1946 with completion of these duties.
On 9 May General R. M. Blatchford departed for Norfolk, via the Panama Canal and moored at that port 24 May. She was decommissioned at Baltimore, Maryland, on 12 June 1946 and returned to the Maritime Commission for operations as an Army transport.
On 28 June 1949, "USAT "General R. M. Blatchford" left Bremerhaven, Germany with Displaced Persons, arriving in Boston, MA, on 7 July 1949.
On 16 October 1949 USAT General R. M. Blatchford left Naples with 1,219 displaced persons from Europe and arrived in Sydney on 11 November 1949. This voyage was one of almost 150 voyages by some 40 ships bringing refugees of World War II to Australia. General R. M. Blatchford made one more such trip herself, arriving in Sydney, again, with 1,222 refugees on 19 February 1950.
The USNS R.M. Blatchford (T-AP153) made at least two more trips carrying refugees; she sailed from Bremerhaven, Germany across the Atlantic Ocean with refugees from Germany, Poland, Russia, Czechoslovakia and other countries and arrived at the Port of New York on 25 September,15 December 1951, and 22 April 1952. She made two more trips after 15 December 1951 carrying refugees, again from Bremerhaven, Germany, but this time to the Port of New Orleans arriving there in mid-March 1952. There's a Manifest of Inbound Passengers (Aliens) list for the ship that departed from Bremerhaven, Germany 11 April 1952, and arrived in New York, New York 22 April 1952 again, carrying refugees.
She was reacquired by the Navy on 1 March 1950 for operations by a Civil Service crew under the MSTS transported thousands of troops from the West Coast in support of United Nations Forces in Korea.
On 11 February 1961 she sailed from New York for two and a half years overseas service in the United Nations Congo sealift. Earning her the nickname of "Ambassador Ship," her crew cemented goodwill relations for the United States in the best traditions of the People-to-People Program while helping to keep the peace in the Congo. The veteran transport travelled in ferrying 36,809 passengers to and from the Congo, Morocco, India, Pakistan, Malaya, and Indonesia. She circumnavigated the African continent several times and criss-crossed the Indian Ocean repeatedly while rotating United Nations soldiers, doctors, nurses, and technicians assigned to the Congo. General R. M. Blatchford arrived New York on 11 August 1963 with high praise.
In the Fall of 1964 the Blatchford sailed from Morehead City, NC to Rota, Spain fully laden with Marines from the 2nd Marine Air Wing (home based at MCAS Cherry Point). The deployment was part of the largest amphibious operation since World War II, a combined forces NATO war exercise code-named Operation Steel Pike. The return was via the Canary Islands for liberty. During the return crossing of the Atlantic the ship passed through the final track of four former hurricanes. The seas became so rough that the troops were confined below decks and lifeboat drills were simulated in place. A fire broke out in a bow compartment at approximately 08:00 on the final day of the storm. The alarm added to the adventure and the fire was quickly extinguished by the Damage Control Party.
She continued to operate in the Atlantic supporting U.S. Forces in Europe until transferred to the Pacific in 1965 to carry troops to South Vietnam. She continued this vital task until overhauled at San Francisco in January 1967 and entering ready reserve status. General R. M. Blatchford was transferred to the Maritime Administration in September 1968 and entered the National Defense Reserve Fleet.
In 1969, General R. M. Blatchford was sold to Waterman Carriers, Inc. of New York in January 1969. In 1970 she was rebuilt as a 10,562 gross ton breakbulk freighter and renamed SS Stonewall Jackson, USCG ON 524489, IMO 6121113. The ship, renamed Alex Stephens in 1973, was acquired by the Department of Commerce in 1979, and sold to Chien Yu Steel Enterprises, Kaohsiung, Taiwan for scrapping on 13 April 1980.
General R. M. Blatchford received two battle stars for service during the Korean War.
References
Sources
External links
Photo gallery showing life on board USAT General R. M. Blatchford (c. 1946/1947)
R. M. Blatchford
Transport ships of the United States Army
Korean War auxiliary ships of the United States
Cold War auxiliary ships of the United States
Vietnam War auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships built in Richmond, California
1944 ships
Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet
Keltie Head () is a rounded headland with vertical cliffs which rise to a small ice dome high, forming the northwestern end of Vega Island, south of Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Otto Nordenskiöld, 1901–04, and named by him for Sir John Scott Keltie, Secretary of the Royal Geographical Society, 1892–1915.
References
Headlands of Trinity Peninsula
Valériy Khmelkó (30 July 1939 – 30 October 2021) was a Ukrainian sociologist, Professor at the Sociology Department of the National University of Kiev-Mohyla Academy, and President of the Kyiv International Institute of Sociology.
Career
Valeriy Khmelko was born in Kyiv. He held graduate degrees in physics (1961) and philosophy (1971) and a postgraduate degree (candidate of sciences, (1974) from the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kiev. From 1975 to 1990, he was a researcher at the Institute of Party History of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine. He was a doctor of philosophical sciences (dissertation on the methodological and procedural issues of sociological research of the influence of the scientific technological revolution on personality directedness of an industrial worker; defended in Kyiv in 1987).
From 1990 to 1992, Khmelko was in charge of the Kiev Republican Sociological Center for Academic and Applied Research of the Sociological Association of Ukraine. In 1992, on the basis of this Center, he co-founded, together with Volodymyr Paniotto and Michael Swafford, Kiev International Institute of Sociology and became its President. He was also a founder of the Sociology Department of the National University of Kiev-Mohyla Academy, which he chaired 1992 to 2000 and 2008 to 2010. He also founded the School for Social Sciences and Social Technologies at the same university, for which he served as a dean from 2000 to 2002. Khmelko was a visiting professor in 1993 and a visiting scholar in 1992, 2000 and 2001 at the Sociology Department of Johns Hopkins University (United States). In 1971, he joined the Soviet Sociological Association and served as its presidium member 1987 to 1991. In 1990, he joined the Sociological Association of Ukraine and served as its vice-president 1990 to 1992, as its directing board member 1998 to 2004, and as a member for its Professional Ethics Committee from 2002 to 2007. Since 1998, he has been a member of the International Sociological Association (ISA) and served on the editorial board of the ISA journal "The International Journal of Sociology".
Khmeko specialized in the fields of macrosociology and sociology of personality (sociological approach to social psychology). In the field of macrosociology, he forecasted that information production would become the dominant production type [1], suggested that socio-genesis was complete when there appear beings capable of creating symbolic systems [2], developed a theory of historical changes of a macrostructure dominant of society reproduction processes [3-6], analyzed Russian-Ukrainian linguistic and ethnic as well as bi-ethnic heterogeneity of ethno-national structures of Ukrainian regions [9, 16, 19]. In the field of sociological perspectives on social psychology (sociology of personality), Valeriy Khmelko suggested conceptualizing personality as a system of internal regulation of human social activity and personality directedness as its dispositional structure; he also developed procedures for measuring and analyzing interrelations of cognitive and emotive components of social dispositions [7, 8].
As stated by Volodymyr Paniotto, Khmelko's close colleague, in one of his early articles, Khmelko suggested a theory of dominant production types that foreran the key idea of the well-known Alvin Toffler's work "Third Wave".
Selected publications
1. Виробничі відносини і суспільне виробництво життя // Вісник Київського університету. Серія філософії. — 1973. — № 7.
2. Найзагальніші особливості суспільних відносин // Філософська думка. — 1974. — N 6.
3. Содержание и структура производственных отношений как предмета общесоциологического исследования. Диссертация на соискание ученой степени кандидата философских наук. К.,1976.
4. Социально-политические проблемы НТР и идеологическая борьба. — К.: Политиздат Украины, 1978. — 368 с. (в соавторстве с В. В. Косолаповым и другими)
5. Производство как общественный процесс (актуальные проблемы теории и практики) / Отв. ред. В. И. Толстых. — М.: Мысль, 1986. — 350 с. (в соавторстве с В. И. Толстых, В. М. Межуевым, В. Н. Мазуром и Э. М. Агабабьяном).
6. Общественное производство жизни: структура процессов и ее динамика // Общественные науки. — 1987. — № 2
7. Социальная направленность личности: некоторые вопросы теории и методики социологических исследований. — К.: Политиздат Украины, 1988. — 279 с.
8. НТР-контрастні групи промислових робітників: співвідношення когнітивних та емотивних структур життєвих диспозицій // Філософська думка. — 1990. — № 6
9. Третий год независимости: уроки вторых президентских выборов // Современное общество, Харьков, № 4, 1994
10. The Russian Factor and Territorial Polarization in Ukraine // The Harriman Review, vol. 9, № 1-2 (Spring), N.Y., 1996 (with D.Arel)
11. Regionalism and Ethnic and Linguistic Cleavages in Ukraine // Contemporary Ukraine: Dynamics of Post-Soviet Transformation. — New York, London: M.E. Sharpe, 1998 (with A.Wilson)
12. Complexity of Activities and Personality under Conditions of Radical Social Change: A Comparative Analysis of Poland and Ukraine // Social Psychology Quarterly, Vol.63, No.3, 2000 (with M.Kohn and others)
13. Макросоциальные изменения в Украине: годы независимости // Мониторинг общественного мнения: экономические и социальные перемены. Москва: ВЦИОМ, 2001, № 5 (55)
14. Macrosocial Change in Ukraine: the years of independence // Sisyphus. Social Studies. — 2002. — Vol. XVI
15. Transformations of Social Structure in Ukraine during the Decade of Independence // Studia Socjologiczne (Warszawa). — 2004. — nr.4
16. Лінгво-етнічна структура України: регіональні особливості та тенденції змін за роки незалежності // Наукові записки НаУКМА. Соціологічні науки. — 2004. — т.32
17. Соціальні структури і особистість: дослідження Мелвіна Л.Кона і його співпрацівників / Пер. з англ. за наук. ред. В.Є.Хмелька. — К.: Вид. дім "Києво-Могилянська академія, 2007. — 559 с.
18. Social Structure and Personality during the Process of Radical Social Change: A Study of Ukraine in Transition // New Frontiers in Comparative Sociology / edited by Masamichi Sasaki (International Studies in Sociology and Social Anthropology, vol.109). — Leiden: Brill, 2009. — P.119-170 (with M.Kohn, V.Paniotto and Ho-fung Hung)
19. Социальная основа расхождения электоральных предпочтений двух частей Украины на выборах 2004—2007 годов // Социология вчера, сегодня, завтра. Новые ракурсы.— СПб.: Эйдос, 2011. — С. 398—409.
The latest study, conducted by Valery Khmelko, was "Analysis of social factors of predominance of pro-European or pro-Russian geopolitical orientations in the regions of Ukraine." The results were published by his student in the article.
Sources
Соціологія: короткий енциклопедичний словник / Під заг. ред. В.І.Воловича. — К.: Укр. Центр духовн. Культури, 1998. — 736 с.
Хто є хто в західній та вітчизняній соціології / Наук. ред. В. М.Піча. — Львів: «Світ», 1999. — 160 с.
Хто є хто в Україні. — К.: «K.I.C.», 2007. — 1136 c.
References
External links
CV співробітників НаУКМА. Хмелько Валерій Євгенович
1939 births
2021 deaths
National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy faculty
Ukrainian sociologists
Latonia is a former city, now neighborhood of Covington in Kenton County, Kentucky, United States.
Latonia, not to be confused with the neighboring community of Latonia Lakes, is located in the southern part of the city of Covington. It includes residential, commercial and manufacturing areas.
History
The Lettonian Springs were a popular resort place in the 19th century. These springs gave their name to the Latonia Race Track, one of the South's premier thoroughbred racing facilities from 1883 to 1939. The Latonia track drew the best horses, jockeys and trainers to its events. The Latonia Race Track was later reopened in Florence, KY in 1959 and changed its name to Turfway Race track in 1982. The Latonia Shopping Center now occupies most of the original Latonia Race Track site.
Latonia was annexed to Covington in 1909.
References
Neighborhoods in Covington, Kentucky
George Albert Scorey (30 December 1882 – 14 April 1965) was an English soldier and later policeman. He is best known as the rider of the white horse at the 1923 FA Cup Final, played between Bolton Wanderers and West Ham United on 28 April 1923, the first FA Cup final to be played at the original Wembley Stadium, which became known as the "White Horse Final".
Early life and army career
Scorey was born in Bristol. His father, a shipping clerk and labourer, died in 1887. His mother worked as a charwoman before remarrying in 1903.
Scorey enlisted in the British Army in August 1898, joining the 2nd Dragoons (Royal Scots Greys). He served as a trumpeter in the Second Anglo-Boer War (1899–1902), and remained in South Africa until 1905 as part of the colonial garrison. He was an escort when Tsar Nicholas II and other members of the Russian Royal Family visited England in 1909. Scorey was promoted to the rank of sergeant and trumpet major shortly before his 11-year term of enlistment ended, and he re-enlisted in December 1909.
Scorey accompanied his regiment to France as part of the 5th Cavalry Brigade in the British Expeditionary Force when the First World War broke out in 1914. He served in the Battle of Mons and the First Battle of Ypres in 1914, the Second Battle of Ypres in 1915, and the Battle of Arras in 1917. He remained in France and Belgium until August 1918. He finally left the British Army at the end of August 1919, after completing 21 years of service.
Police career
Although he was shorter than the required minimum height of 5'8", Scorey was invited to join the Metropolitan Police by Deputy Assistant Commissioner Percy Laurie, who was in charge of the force's Mounted Branch. Laurie was formerly regimental adjutant in the Scots Greys, and offered positions to many of his former comrades. Scorey became a police constable in November 1919, and was quickly allocated to the mounted branch. He was issued horse no. 62, a seven-year-old grey named Billy (or Billie), in June 1920.
1923 FA Cup Final
The 1923 FA Cup Final, which was the first played at Wembley Stadium, was contested by Bolton Wanderers and West Ham United. There were almost 600 police officers and stewards on duty to supervise the event, with a crowd of around 100,000 expected. Scorey was part of the 200-strong reserve of police officers based at Wembley Park Road. The crowd easily numbered over 200,000, vastly exceeded expectations and the stadium's 125,000 capacity, with some estimates of the attendance reaching 300,000. The crush forced thousands of spectators out of the stands and on to the pitch before the scheduled 3pm kick-off.
Scorey, with nine other mounted police officers and the others on foot, were called in to control the crowd and clear the pitch. The encroaching spectators were slowly edged back behind the touchlines. The match eventually began 45 minutes late, after King George V had been escorted to the royal box.
Billy, the only grey horse present, was prominent in black-and-white news photographs and newsreels, and the match became known as the "White Horse Final". Scorey and Billy – described as an "officer on a white charger" – was singled out for attention in press coverage. The Football Association gave him tickets to each subsequent FA Cup Final, but he had little interest in football and did not attend.
Private and later life
Scorey had married in Edinburgh in December 1909. The couple lived in York, but their son was born in Edinburgh in June 1912. A second son was born in April 1915. Both sons were raised by Scorey's mother-in-law after his wife died of tuberculosis in November 1915. Scorey remarried in Chislehurst in September 1922.
After the 1923 FA Cup Final, Scorey declined invitations to appear in public, and he resumed normal duties with Billy. He was a trumpeter in the Metropolitan Police band, and he performed at horse shows. He won the King's Cup at the Royal Tournament at Olympia in 1928. Billy died in December 1930, and Laurie presented Scorey with an inkwell made from one of Billy's hooves mounted with silver, which is now held by the Metropolitan Police mounted branch museum at Imber Court, Surrey.
Declining eyesight forced Scorey to retire in 1939, and he received an ill-health pension. He and his second wife retired to Hove in Sussex and then returned to Chislehurst. He died from bronchial pneumonia at Brook Hospital in Greenwich. His elder son had died in 1929, but he was survived by his wife and younger son from his first marriage.
References
Chris Forester, Philip Carter, ‘Scorey, George Albert (1882–1965)', Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, May 2012 accessed 22 May 2013
1882 births
1965 deaths
Metropolitan Police officers
Military personnel from Bristol
Nathan Burke was the final bassist, before the reunion, for Frodus. Burke currently plays in The Out Circuit and Night Is Invisible, both of which have released records on Lujo Records.
He currently lives in Seattle with his wife Rachel Burke who played in Beauty Pill which were on Dischord Records and has a child. His brother-in-law is Matt Johnson, who played in Ninety Pound Wuss, Raft of Dead Monkeys, and The Out Circuit. Burke briefly worked at Mars Hill Church with Johnson and Jeff Bettger.
In an interview with his brother-in-law, Johnson stated that He, Nathan, Ryan & Don had a project called Deathbed Atheist.
References
American rock bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
LD (short for Liggett Ducat, the name of the original manufacturer) is a Russian brand of cigarettes, currently owned by Japan Tobacco. In the United States, it is manufactured in Turkey for JT International U.S.A.
History
LD was first launched in Russia in 1999 and quickly became Russia's number one cigarette brand. Liggett Ducat was bought in 2000 by the Gallaher Group, which in turn was acquired by JTI in 2007. The original Liggett Ducat factory, where LD was manufactured, was shut down in 2016.
In 2016, JTI announced they would introduce the LD brand on the United States cigarette market with the Red, Silver, and Menthol (Green) varieties. The brand would become a discount brand and would have a $2.81-a-pack price tag. It aimed to challenge discount brands such as L&M which cost $3.69 and Pall Mall which cost $3.49. LD was introduced in North Carolina and South Carolina to act as a test market and, if successful, it would be launched nationwide in 2017 with 10 varieties.
Market
LD is sold across 54 markets across the world which include Russia, Bosnia and Herzegowina, Denmark, Austria, Poland, Hungary, Czech Republic, Croatia, Serbia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Malaysia, Egypt, Belarus, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Montenegro, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Bangladesh, Sudan, South Africa, Singapore, Romania, Israel, Mongolia, Taiwan, Canada, Jordan, Maldives, United States, México, Andorra, Morocco.
See also
Tobacco smoking
Tobacco smoking
Drina (cigarette)
Elita (cigarette)
Filter 57 (cigarette)
Jadran (cigarette)
Laika (cigarette)
Lovćen (cigarette)
Morava (cigarette)
Partner (cigarette)
Smart (cigarette)
Time (cigarette)
Sobranie
Jin Ling
Walter Wolf (cigarette)
References
Gallaher Group brands
Japan Tobacco brands
Eccoptoptera is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Eccoptoptera cupricollis Chaudoir, 1878
Eccoptoptera mutilloides (Bertoloni, 1857)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Keel Hill () is a small ice-free hill, standing at the north side of McGregor Glacier, about east of Crilly Hill, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica. It was named by the Texas Tech Shackleton Glacier Expedition (1964–65) for Specialist 5th Class Elbert E. Keel, a member of the U.S. Army Aviation Detachment which supported the expedition.
References
Description: A small ice-free hill, standing at the N side of McGregor Glacier, about 1.5 mi E of Crilly Hill, in the Queen Maud Mountains. Named by the Texas Tech Shackleton Glacier Expedition (1964–65) for Specialist 5th Class Elbert E. Keel, member of the U.S. Army Aviation Detachment which supported the expedition.
Hills of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
The men's pole vault event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 March in San Sebastián.
Results
References
Pole vaults at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Pole
The 1996 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 70th year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Roll of honour
Summary
The National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) released the annual returns, with totalisator turnover at £73,575,880 from 6384 meetings. The drop in tote turnover could be partly attributed to the first full year of the National Lottery which had begun the previous November.
Spring Rose trained by Charlie Lister was voted Greyhound of the Year after winning the Grand Prix at Walthamstow Stadium and the St Leger at Wembley. She broke the Walthamstow track record twice on her way to winning the Grand Prix and made the St Leger final unbeaten before clocking 39.29 in the final, a new track record.
Linda Mullins became the first woman to win the Greyhound Trainer of the Year.
Tracks
There was no news on the London Stadium (Hackney) which was in administration, the situation looked unsettled despite good reviews about the stadium. It also hosted the Trainers Championship won by Ernie Gaskin Sr.
Ramsgate Stadium was closed by the receivers but sister track Oxford Stadium was bought by the Isle of Man businessman Don Joyce who brought in a new General Manager Dan McCormack.
Sittingbourne closed following financial problems but was re-opened by Roger Cearns, the grandson of WJ Cearns the founder of Wimbledon Stadium.
The National Lottery was cited as one of the main reasons why Raikes Park Greyhound Stadium in Bolton closed. The site on by the Raikes colliery on the Manchester Road had been one of the most prestigious Independent tracks and hosted the Independent Derby, St Leger and Guineas. It was a major loss within the independent circles and the independents had a bad year because Bury St Edmunds also closed.
News
Former Slough and Wembley trainer Ted Dickson died leaving daughter Hazel to run the kennels on her own. When Ramsgate closed trainer Peter Rich moved to Catford and then Romford in quick succession. Hove trainer Bill Masters retired leaving Alan (Claude) Gardiner to take over the kennel. Gardiner was previously assistant to Brian Clemenson. Romford installed former Bolton Racing Manager Peter O'Dowd as the new Racing Manager to replace Steve Daniel who had only recently replaced Ray Spalding.
The Bord na gCon sold the site of the Cork Greyhound Stadium in Cork and purchased a green-field site in Curraheen on the western fringes of the city with the intention of building a brand-new facility there.
The Intertrack betting service was introduced for the first time enabling racegoers at other tracks around the country to view the racing and place bets direct into the Wimbledon tote.
Competitions
A greyhound called Some Picture looked a great prospect after winning the Select Stakes and Eclipse.
Principal UK races
+Track Record
+Track Record
Totalisator returns
The totalisator returns declared to the National Greyhound Racing Club for the year 1996 are listed below.
References
Greyhound racing in the United Kingdom
Greyhound racing in the Republic of Ireland
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
Kohs may refer to:
People
Ellis B. Kohs (1916–2000), American composer
Greg Kohs (director), director of AlphaGo
Gregory Kohs, founder of MyWikiBiz
Samuel Calmin Kohs (1890–1984), American psychologist
Other
KOHS (radio station), 91.7 FM at Orem High School in Orem, Utah
Keystone Oaks High School, in suburban Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Jason Bryan Ticse Deutchman (born September 27, 1986) is a Filipino-American former basketball player. He last played for the Kia Picanto of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). He was selected 10th overall in the 2012 PBA draft by the GlobalPort Batang Pier.
Professional career
Midway through his rookie season, Deutchman was traded from the Batang Pier to the Petron Blaze Boosters as part of a three team trade that also sent Japeth Aguilar to Barangay Ginebra as well as sending Jay Washington and Yousef Taha to GlobalPort.
On February 18, 2014, he was traded, along with the Beermen's second-round picks in 2016 and 2017 to Barako Bull in exchange for Rico Maierhofer.
In December 2015, Deutchman was signed by the Pilipinas MX3 Kings of the ABL.
PBA career statistics
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | GlobalPort / Petron Blaze
| 31 || 16.8 || .380 || .330 || .733 || 7.2 || .5 || .7 || .4 || 10.3
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Petron Blaze / Barako Bull
| 21 || 8.0 || .310 || .300 || .588 || 2.0 || .4 || .3 || .1 || 3.8
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Barako Bull / Kia
| 10 || 13.1 || .410 || .350 || .750 || 4.6 || .6 || .2 || .1 || 8.1
|-
| align="left" | Career
| align="left" |
| 62 || 13.2 || .366 || .323 || .697 || 4.6 || .5 || .5 || .3 || 7.4
References
1986 births
Living people
American sportspeople of Filipino descent
ASEAN Basketball League players
Barako Bull Energy players
Basketball players from Los Angeles
Filipino men's basketball players
NorthPort Batang Pier players
Terrafirma Dyip players
Power forwards (basketball)
San Miguel Beermen players
Small forwards
American men's basketball players
NorthPort Batang Pier draft picks
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee alumni
San Diego State Aztecs men's basketball players
Citizens of the Philippines through descent
is a Japanese computer scientist specializing in object-oriented programming, distributed computing and information security. Being a graduate of the University of Tokyo, Yonezawa has a Ph.D in computer science from MIT in the Actor group at the MIT AI Lab. He currently teaches at the University of Tokyo. He is the designer of ABCL/R, a reflective subset of the first concurrent object-oriented programming language ABCL/1.
In November 2009, he was awarded with a Medal of Honour with purple ribbon by the Government of Japan. He won the Senior Dahl–Nygaard Prize in 2014.
References
Aki Yonezawa Specification and Verification Techniques for Parallel Programs Based on Message Passing Semantics MIT EECS Doctoral Dissertation. December 1977.
External links
Official personal page
1947 births
Living people
Japanese computer scientists
Researchers in distributed computing
University of Tokyo faculty
University of Tokyo alumni
MIT School of Engineering alumni
Mikhail Alexandrovich Antonov (; born 4 January 1986) is a Russian former professional cyclist.
Major results
2009
1st Mayor Cup
1st Memorial Oleg Dyachenko
2010
1st Overall Circuit des Ardennes
1st Stage 1
1st Overall Tour du Loir-et-Cher
2011
1st Stage 5 Tour du Loir-et-Cher
2nd Central European Tour Miskolc GP
2012
3rd Overall Vuelta a La Rioja
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Russian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Izhevsk
The following are the international rankings of Taiwan.
Demographics
Economy
GDP
GDP sector composition in 2017
Agriculture: 1.8%
Industry: 36%
Services: 62.1%
Finance
Trade & Quality of Living
Energy
Electricity
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Natural gas
Oil
Renewable Energy
Geography
Health
Health expenditure per capita in 2006: ranked 32 out of 194 countries.
Infant mortality rate in 2011: 4.3 per 1000 births; ranked 187 out 225 countries.
Crime
According to OSAC 2016 safety report Overall Crime and Safety Situation was classifies as low criminality.
Industry
Mass media
Military
Politics
Quality of life
† if ranked
Education
Sport
As Taiwan
Transportation
Tourism
Communications
See also
Lists of countries
Lists by country
List of international rankings
References
International rankings
Taiwan
Whispering Forest is a residential community on the hills of the North Shore of Big Bear City, CA, just north of the Big Bear City Airport (opposite side of W. North Shore Drive). The neighborhood is located less than a mile north-east of Baker Pond and just 500 feet north of the airport. It borders National Forest to the north, Division Drive to the west, and the West North Shore Drive to the south. It is situated at the base of National Forest and backs to woodlands and densely forested areas to the north. Areas such as Holcomb Valley, the Pacific Crest Trail and Caribou Creek are all accessible to the north through Van Dusen Canyon Road in the east. It is an established neighborhood developed by the Whispering Forest Development Company. It is situated at a 6,750 feet elevation and is frequently suffering wildfires during the hotter summer months. The neighborhood is also frequently visited by wildlife such as black bears and mountain lions.
References
Neighborhoods in San Bernardino County, California
San Bernardino National Forest
San Bernardino Mountains
Cyclonic Storm Jawad () was a weak tropical cyclone that caused major disruptions over Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and West Bengal in India while bringing heavy rainfall and strong winds over these states as a weakened system. The tenth depression, sixth deep depression and fifth cyclonic storm of the active 2021 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, its predecessor was first tracked by Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) in the South China Sea as an area of low pressure. It then moved west-northwestwards into the Gulf of Thailand, where it crossed into the Andaman Sea by December 1. Near midnight of that day, the JTWC issued a TCFA on the system and on the next day, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) upgraded the system to a depression after passing through the Nicobar Islands. Further intensification ensued as the depression tracked through environmental conditions favorable for strengthening, and the system was upgraded into a deep depression on December 3 and into a cyclonic storm by 06:00 UTC that day, with the IMD naming it Jawad. However, this intensification was short-lived, as the system weakened to a deep depression back due to wind shear.
Widespread preparations were conducted due to Jawad. School and train operations were disrupted and canceled, and disaster teams were deployed in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha for the storm. Individuals living in coastal areas were evacuated, including over 54,000 people in the former state. Essential stocks were also prepared for possible emergencies, as well as disaster relief. Two fatalities were confirmed from the system so far, both from Srikakulam. Both teenagers were crushed to their deaths by falling coconut trees.
Meteorological history
At 06:00 UTC on November 30, the JTWC started to monitor an area of convection in their weather advisory at that time, with them designating this system as "Invest 94W" over the South China Sea halfway between the island of Borneo and Vietnam, located about to Ho Chi Minh City's south-southeast. Twelve hours later, the JMA would note this system as a west-northwestward moving low-pressure area. It then moved over the Andaman Sea from the Gulf of Thailand. Located about to the north-northwest of Phuket Island in Thailand, the agency analysed a low-level circulation along with its sprawling convection, while taking a west-northwestward track across the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. They also evaluated the environment around the storm as "favorable", with strong outflow, sea surface temperatures and moderate wind shear. Meanwhile, the IMD had already started to monitor this low-pressure area earlier at 03:00 UTC (8:30 IST), while it was located over southern Thailand. Nevertheless, it moved over the Nicobar Islands and into the Bay of Bengal around December 1, with the IMD also upgrading the system to a well-marked low-pressure on that day. However, moderate wind shear had displaced the system's convection to the northwest by 18:00 UTC that day. Shortly before that midnight, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on the system, as numerical guidance forecast models revealed further strengthening of the storm. On the next day, the low-pressure system turned to the northwest, before the IMD upgraded the storm into a depression, with the agency designating the storm as "BOB 07" at 12:00 UTC.
At 03:00 UTC (08:30 IST), the IMD further upgraded the system to a deep depression, as a Dvorak number of T 2.0 calculated for the system, indicating further organization. Meanwhile, the JTWC designated the system as "Tropical Cyclone 05B" at the same time, as another Dvorak fix revealed a wind speed of . The deep depression took a west-northwestward track again, and approximately three hours later, the system strengthened into a cyclonic storm, with the IMD naming it Jawad, the fifth name from the naming lists of the annual cyclone season, which was submitted by Saudi Arabia, which means "generous" or "merciful" in Arabic. However, starting at 12:00 UTC, Jawad began to slow down, while retaining its organization. Possibly due to decreasing sea surface temperatures along the storm's track with unfavorable wind shear, Jawad lost its organization and the IMD downgraded the storm back into a deep depression by 12:00 UTC of December 4. This same reasoning was also used by the JTWC in the agency's final warning on the system, three hours earlier. At the same time by the next day, Jawad was further downgraded into a depression as it started to make a northwestward move, and by December 6 at 00:00 UTC, the system further degenerated into a well-marked low-pressure over the northwest Bay of Bengal without making landfall; its convection moved inland over West Bengal and Bangladesh, however.
Preparations
Andhra Pradesh and Odisha
The state of Odisha was forecasted to brunt the most impacts from Jawad, according to the IMD. Winds of were first seen to slash the region along with heavy rainfall. Several train operations of East Coast Railway, South Western Railway and South Eastern Railway were also canceled as a precaution of the brewing cyclone. As the precursor of the cyclone developed into a depression, orange and red rainfall alert was placed for the coastal areas of northern Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, respectively.
On 2 December 2021, Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister of India, presided a meeting to discuss the potential consequences and readiness of the states that Jawad may hit. There, he instructed the administration of these states to evacuate individuals "in time" and to make the essential services during the cyclone stable, along with disaster relief people. Residents in 13 districts of Odisha were also requested to evacuate while teams of National Disaster Response Force were positioned across the state that are seen to be impacted by the cyclone. Food, drinking water and essential supply stocks were also readied. School operations in Visakhapatnam and Srikakulam in Andhra Pradesh were halted while the Konark Festival and International Sand Art Festival, due to occur on December 1 were both canceled in Odisha. The residents living over Bhadrak's coastal areas in the latter were already evacuated while over 54,008 individuals at the former state were sheltered to safety in evacuation centers set up by the state administration.
West Bengal
A 24-hour control center was set up by the administration center of West Bengal as a preparation for the storm. Fishermen located over the Bay of Bengal and farmers and tourists inland West Bengal were also alerted for heavy rains and strong winds. Command rooms were set up as a preparation for the storm in the aforementioned state. Over 11,000 individuals were seen to be evacuated from Jawad, along with more people living near the shores to the safety shelters set up by the state government. Disaster teams were deployed in West Bengal, while the Indian Coast Guard warned many vessels to return to ports. Tourists in Digha, Mandarmani and Tajpur were also forced to cancel their bookings and reservations in the beach town due to the warnings imposed by the state. The NDRF teams situated in the state are also informing people about the possible effects of Jawad. In addition, tree branches were being cut, 188 evacuation shelters being set up and power system were checked. The various parts of Kolkata such as Dum Dum, Bidhannagar were also readied for the cyclone's possible effects. Due to possible storm surge being expected from the storm, over 20,000 individuals from Kakdwip, South 24 Parganas were sheltered to safe places, away from the coastline. Ferry services were also canceled.
Impacts
Andhra Pradesh
The first two fatalities reported from Jawad are located at Srikakulam, first where a 17-year-old girl was killed by an uprooting coconut tree. The other was another teenager, which was killed due to the same reason. Heavy rainfall were experienced at the city, along with strong winds. Coastal areas over Andhra Pradesh and Odisha also began to see rainfall by December 3 in the evening. A rainfall amount of was recorded at Kaviti Mandal in the aforementioned city, the highest in associated with the storm in the state. Santhabommali collected and Sompeta at . Despite these effects, only minor damages were recorded in Andhra Pradesh from Jawad as the system weakened prior to affecting the state.
Odisha
In Odisha, Gopalpur registered a rain amount of from December 45. The highest rainfall amount from Jawad is centered at Paradeep with , where rainfall disrupted port services and operations there. Erasama followed the list, with and Khallikote with . The cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack also received rainfall from Jawad, with the former receiving from the storm. This caused several traffic disruptions and some flooding in these areas. Many paddy crops, along with other miscellaneous were also reported to have been damaged and inundated with flooding, along with farming disruptions.
West Bengal
By December 4, West Bengal started to experience rainfall from Jawad, first being centered over West and East Midnapore. A fishing vessel sank while the boat was being anchored in South 24 Parganas; no casualty was reported. Kolkata registered a rainfall amount of from December 4–5. Meanwhile, Digha received and for Midnapore at the same time. Despite these rainfall amounts, many reservoirs in the state was reported to have been rising in their water levels. Heavy rainfall was also reported in Kolkata, Howrah, Hooghly and forecasted for North 24 Parganas, Nadia and Murshidabad.
See also
Tropical cyclones in 2021
Weather of 2021
Cyclone Forrest
Cyclone Phailin
Typhoon Gay (1989)
Cyclones Matmo and Bulbul
Cyclone Yaas
Notes
References
External links
JTWC Best Track Data of Tropical Cyclone 05B (Jawad)
05B.JAWAD from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory
Tropical cyclones in 2021
2021 disasters in India
2021 North Indian Ocean cyclone season
Cyclonic storms
Tropical cyclones in India
Michel Joubert (born 3 September 1986) is a retired Seychellois football striker.
References
1986 births
Living people
Seychellois footballers
The Lions FC players
Seychelles international footballers
Association football forwards
Yekaterinburg Circus is a circus building for 2,558 spectators in Yekaterinburg, Russia.
History
The building was first opened on February 1, 1980.
References
External links
Short history of the Ekaterinburg State Circus | Tourist Information Service Ekaterinburg
Pictures of the Ekaterinburg State Circus | Instagram
Circuses
Event venues established in 1980
Buildings and structures in Yekaterinburg
Tourist attractions in Sverdlovsk Oblast
Mei Yi can refer to:
Mei Ze ( 4th century), Jin dynasty official and Confucian scholar
Moy Yat (1938–2001), Chinese martial artist
David Michael Sayer (19 September 1936 – 23 January 2017) was an English professional cricketer. He played for Kent County Cricket Club between 1955 and 1976.
He was one of the founding members of the Professional Cricketers' Association in 1967. He died on 23 January 2017, aged 80.
References
External links
1936 births
2017 deaths
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Romford
Oxford University cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
People educated at Maidstone Grammar School
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Cricketers from Greater London
The Secretary General of the Caribbean Community is the Chief Executive Officer of the Community and the head of its principal administrative organ, the CARICOM Secretariat.
According to both the Original and Revised Treaty of Chaguaramas, the Secretary-General is appointed by the Conference of Heads of Government, on the recommendation of the Community Council of Ministers (and previously the Common Market Council in the Original Treaty), for a term not exceeding five years and may be reappointed by the Conference.
The Secretary-General, subject to the Organs of the Community and in accordance with various regulations, performs the following functions:
representing the Community;
developing, as mandated, decisions of competent Organs of the Community into implementable proposals;
identifying and mobilising, as required, external resources to implement decisions at the regional level and undertake studies and develop decisions on relevant issues into implementable proposals;
implementing, as mandated, decisions at the regional level for the achievement of Community objectives;
implementing, with the consent of the Member State concerned, Community decisions which do not require legislative or administrative action by national authorities;
monitoring and reporting on, as mandated, implementation of Community decisions;
initiating or developing proposals for consideration and decision by the competent Organs in order to achieve Community objectives
and such other functions assigned by the Conference or other competent Organs.
The current Secretary-General is Carla Barnett (Belize), who was elected in May 2021 to succeed Irwin LaRocque (Dominica; appointed in 2011) as secretary-general.
All Secretaries-General, including the Secretaries-General of CARIFTA, have resided at Colgrain House on Camp Street, Georgetown, Guyana.
Secretaries-General
The second (and last) Secretary-General of CARIFTA, Mr. William Demas, became the first Secretary-General of the CARICOM. Mr. Demas had been instrumental in the transition from CARIFTA to the Caribbean Community, publishing a booklet in 1972 entitled "From CARIFTA to the Caribbean Community" wherein he outlined policies for deepening the integration process.
References
Caribbean Community
Wellwood Herries Maxwell (15 October 1817 – 13 August 1900) was a Scottish Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1874.
Maxwell was the son of John Herries Maxwell of Munches in Buittle. He was educated at the Edinburgh Academy, at the University of Edinburgh, and at Exeter College, Oxford. In 1839 he was called to the bar in Scotland. He was a director of the Glasgow and South Western Railway. He was a deputy lieutenant and J.P. for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of Kirkcudbright.
Maxwell was elected Member of Parliament for Kirkcudbright Stewartry at a by-election on 30 January 1868. He held the seat until the 1874 general election.
Maxwell married in 1844 Jane Home Jardine, daughter of Sir William Jardine, Bt. His son William Herries Maxwell was MP for Dumfrieshire.
References
External links
1817 births
1900 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
Scottish Liberal Party MPs
UK MPs 1865–1868
UK MPs 1868–1874
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of Exeter College, Oxford
Deputy Lieutenants of Kirkcudbright
Smash Television is a Maltese television station. Smash is privately owned and maintains a neutral editorial position in which different opinions on Maltese politics are expressed. It remains much smaller than the older stations.
See also
Television in Malta
References
External links
Television stations in Malta
1994 establishments in Malta
Television channels and stations established in 1994
John W. Priest (1825-1859) was a noted American architect from New York and founding member of the American Institute of Architects.
Life and career
John Weller Priest was born October 6, 1825, in New York City. He was educated at Washington College, now Trinity College, in Hartford, Connecticut, graduating in 1845. His architectural training is unknown, though he had some association with Andrew Jackson Downing. At least by the late 1840s Priest was practicing architecture from his home in Balmville, near Newburgh, though he also kept a business office in New York City. In 1852 Priest was included on a short list of architects approved by the New York Ecclesiological Society, an organization based on the Ecclesiological Society of London. Priest had been previously associated with the Society, and wrote a series of influential articles on architecture in its journal in 1849 and 1850. Priest practiced architecture in Balmville until his death in 1859. Henry M. Congdon (1834-1922) was a student of Priest from 1854, and succeeded to the practice after his death. Also associated with Priest was Charles T. Rathbun (1828-1908), later a noted architect in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
In 1857, Priest was one of the founding members of the American Institute of Architects.
Personal life
Priest was consistently in poor health, necessitating his residence and practice away from New York City. He died July 24, 1859, at the age of 33.
Legacy
Priest was one of only five architects approved by the New-York Ecclesiological Society. His work is limited because of his early death in 1859, not because he was an unimportant architect. He mentored architect Henry M. Congdon, who had an extensive and well-documented career in church architecture after Priest's death. The churches designed by Priest exhibit the high standards with careful proportions and detail espoused by the Ecclesiological Society. Additionally, several of his surviving works have been listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
Architectural works
St. Michael's Episcopal Church (former), Academy Ln, Reisterstown, Maryland (1853, NRHP 1979)
St. Michael's Episcopal Church, 225 W 99th St, New York City (1854, demolished 1890)
St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, 119 Main St, Millburn, New Jersey (1855)
St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, 200 N James St, Goldsboro, North Carolina (1855–57)
Completion of St. Luke's Episcopal Church, 217 N Carey St, Baltimore, Maryland (1857–59, NRHP 1973)
"Eagle's Nest" for Thomas Allen, East St, Pittsfield, Massachusetts (1858, demolished)
St. John's Episcopal Church, Waverly, Baltimore, Maryland (1858–60, NRHP 1974)
Alterations to St. Thomas' Episcopal Church, 14300 St Thomas Church Rd, Upper Marlboro, Maryland (1858–59, NRHP 2000)
St. John's Episcopal Church, 66 Clinton St, Cornwall, New York (1859)
His obituary indicates he designed churches in Alabama, Maryland, New Jersey, New York and North Carolina, without naming them. It also indicates he was a prolific designer of houses, but of these only Eagle's Nest is known.
Gallery of architectural works
Notes
References
American ecclesiastical architects
19th-century American architects
Architects from New York (state)
1825 births
1859 deaths
Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
Founder of American Institute of Architects
The 2017 County Championship (known for sponsorship reasons as the 2017 Specsavers County Championship), was the 118th cricket County Championship season. It was announced in March 2016 that the season would feature eight teams in Division One and ten teams in Division Two, meaning that at the end of the 2016 season only one team was promoted from Division Two whilst two were relegated from Division One. The first round of fixtures began on 7 April, with the final matches completed on 28 September. All of the fixtures starting on 26 June 2017 were played as day/night matches.
Following a series of financial "bailout" payments made by the England and Wales Cricket Board to Durham during the 2016 season, the county, which had finished fourth in Division One at the end of the season, were relegated to Division Two in place of the eighth place team, Hampshire. Durham were also placed under a salary cap administered by the ECB until 2020 and started the 2017 Championship season with a deduction of 48 points. Ahead of the season, each team played a first-class match against a MCC University team.
Teams
The 2017 Championship was divided into two divisions, Division One with eight teams, Division Two with 10 teams.
Teams in both divisions played a total of 14 games, with all Division One teams playing each other twice, while Division Two teams played five counties twice and four once.
Division One
Team promoted from Division Two
Division Two
Team relegated from Division One
Standings
Teams received 16 points for a win, 8 for a tie and 5 for a draw. Bonus points (a maximum of 5 batting points and 3 bowling points) could be scored during the first 110 overs of each team's first innings.
Division One
Division Two
Fixtures
The fixture list for the 2017 season was announced in November 2016.
Division One
April
May
June
July
August
September
Division Two
April
May
June
July
August
September
Statistics
Division One
Most runs
Most wickets
Division Two
Most runs
Most wickets
References
2017
County Championship
The Government Emergency Telecommunications Service (GETS) is a White House-directed emergency telephone service provided by a division of the Department of Homeland Security. GETS uses enhancements based on existing commercial technology
Purpose
GETS supports federal, state, local, and tribal government, industry, and non-governmental organization personnel during crisis or emergencies by providing emergency access and priority processing for local and long-distance telephone calls on the public switched telephone network. GETS is intended to be used in an emergency or crisis situation when the public switched telephone network is congested and the probability of completing a call over normal or other alternate telecommunication means is reduced.
GETS is necessary because reliance on telecommunications has been accompanied by an increased vulnerability to network congestion and system failures. Although backup systems are in place, disruptions in service can still occur. Natural disasters, power outages, fiber cable cuts, and software problems can cripple the telephone services of entire regions. Additionally, congestion in the public switched telephone network, such as the well-documented "Mother's Day phenomenon", in which Mother's Day generally has the highest blocking of long-distance telephone calls of any single day of the year, can prevent access to circuits. However, during times of emergency, crisis, or war, government personnel and emergency workers need to know that their calls will go through.
For cellular telephone users, a related capability is offered by the Nationwide Wireless Priority Service (WPS). WPS users have the ability to queue at the top for the next available communications channel to their registered base station in order to place their call by dialing , greatly enhancing their ability to complete wireless calls during times of congestion. WPS is available only to designated leadership at all government levels, national security, emergency responders, and private sector critical infrastructure personnel, as approved by the NCS and Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Rules and Requirements.
GETS uses these major types of networks:
The local networks provided by local exchange carriers and wireless providers, such as cellular carriers and personal communications services (PCS)
The major long-distance networks provided by interexchange carriers such as AT&T, Verizon, and Sprint, including their international services
Government-leased networks, including the Federal Technology Service and the Defense Switched Network
In accordance with Section 1(g)5 of Executive Order 12472, the NCS also performs research and development to further enhance the GETS and WPS services through the use of new packet-based technologies (such as IP, or Internet Protocol). This work is done in the NCS' lab, formerly referred to as the eXperimental Testbed Environment. The multi-vendor lab is in the process of preparation for interoperability tests with other labs and research groups to validate these new approaches in today's Next Generation Networks (NGNs). Interoperability between NGNs and legacy telephone systems will continue to be an area of high interest and more elaborate studies for the NCS and their Committee of Principals throughout the transition from these legacy systems.
Accessibility
GETS is accessed through a dialing plan and Personal Identification Number (PIN) card verification system. Using common telephone equipment, the user dials the universal access number 710-627-4387 (710-NCS-GETS). A prompt directs the entry of the user's assigned twelve-digit PIN and the destination telephone number. Once the user is authenticated as valid, the call receives special treatment. When dealing with GETS User Assistance, users may need to provide a registered password of 4 to 9 alphanumeric characters for those cards issued to an individual rather than through stockpile.
Effectiveness
GETS is designed to provide a 90% call completion rate when call volume is eight times normal capacity.
See also
Nationwide Wireless Priority Service
References
External links
GETS Web Site
Disaster preparedness in the United States
United States Department of Homeland Security
Hortense Lougué is a Woman Human Rights Defender and the Executive Director of the Association of Support and Awakening Pugsada (ADEP), a non-governmental organisation that focuses on improving the legal, and socio-economic status of women and girls in Burkina Faso. She works extensively with young girls and women who have been forced into marriage, are victims of gender violence or have suffered female genital mutilation. Having been a volunteer in the Pugsada association, she became the coordinator and chief executive when the founder took over international duties in 2008. Her drive to do this originated from her experience of inequality and injustice.
Activism
ADEP works on gender-based violence, education and human rights and aims to combat gender-based violence and forced marriages. It was founded in 1995. This organisation works with women and young girls who have been forced into marriages or suffered female genital mutilation. It is based in the Ouagalese district of Kalghondin, not far from the center of the capital of Burkina Faso. ADEP works throughout Burkina Faso in schools, with local and traditional authorities and has opened a reception center for girls and women victims of violence such as early marriage and domestic violence. It consists of more than 15 people working across the country to defend the rights of girls.
Lougué has spearheaded many projects to advance education on these topics, providing awareness and information on how to tackle these issues. ADEP has training workshops on the concepts of gender equality and shared resource management to help students understand that equality is a chance for everyone.
“I have been an activist, general secretary, program coordinator and today I am an executive director of the Association of Support and Awakening Pugsada (ADEP), an NGO focused on improving the legal status and socio-economic living conditions of girls. I lead 10 projects and through determination and perseverance, we are committed to improving the lives of girls and women in Burkina Faso,” she says.
According to Amnesty International her committed advocacy efforts have also led to new laws addressing violence against women in Burkina Faso.
Partnerships
In May 2016, Hortense Lougué featured in an exhibition entitled BURKINA FASO: On The Front line Of The Struggle For Sexual Health And Rights In Burkina Faso, organised by Make Every Woman count. In November 2018, she participated in the World Forum for Democracy. ADEP also collaborated with Amnesty International on the Body My Rights campaign. She has collaborated with Crossroad International in 2016 to increase capacity in the organisation.
Context
In February 2016 the Burkina Faso government promised to increase the legal marriage age for girls to 18, this has not yet been implemented. During the 2013 Universal Periodic Review, Burkina Faso accepted recommendations to end forced marriage. However, the country has the 7th highest rate of child marriage in the world. One in every two women in Burkina Faso will be married before the age of 18. Child marriage affects all aspects of a girl's life, including denying women the opportunity to make decisions about their well-being and sexual health. According to Plan International, child marriage leads to increased risk of violence, abuse and ill health.
References
Living people
Women's rights activists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Burkinabé women
Governador Lindenberg is the name of a Brazilian municipality in the southeastern state of Espírito Santo. Its population was 12,880 (2020) and its area is 360 km².
As of 2001, an official flag was adopted, and the coat of arms designed by Andreia Freitas dos Santos won a school competition to choose the city's coat of arms, in which the prize was a television.
Located in the north of the state, roughly 200km from the capital of Vitória, this municipality gained independence from Colatina on July 29, 1997. Its colonization was made primarily through the access of the Doce River, by Italian immigrants, who settled there during the 19th century.
References
Municipalities in Espírito Santo
Vadaka Veedu is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan and produced by Mubarak. The film stars Sukumari, Anupama, Sukumaran and Ittoop in the lead roles. The film has musical score by M. S. Viswanathan.
Cast
Sukumari
Anupama
Sukumaran
Ittoop
Master Sujith
P. K. Abraham
Ravi Menon
Vidhubala
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and the lyrics were written by Bichu Thirumala.
References
External links
1979 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
The Năndreasca is a right tributary of the river Bega in Romania. It flows into the Bega near Coșava. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Timiș County
François Muller (29 January 1764 – 23 September 1808) became a division commander during the French Revolutionary Wars. He enlisted in the French Royal Army as a cavalry trooper in 1783 and served until 1789. He joined a Paris volunteer battalion in 1792 and became an officer. Sent to fight in the War in the Vendée, he was promoted general of brigade and general of division within the span of nine days. His division ran away at both Cholet and Le Mans and he was reportedly drunk at the Battle of Dol, yet he was transferred in March 1794 to the Army of the North. In May and June he led a combat division at the battles of Grandreng, Erquelinnes, Gosselies, Lambusart and Fleurus. Removed from command in August 1794, he was thereafter assigned to posts in the interior. He led a division at Genola in November 1799 before being deactivated in 1801. Entangled in the 1804 affair of Jean Victor Marie Moreau, he was placed under house arrest at Orléans and died there in 1808.
References
French generals
French military personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
French Republican military leaders of the French Revolutionary Wars
Republican military leaders of the War in the Vendée
People from Saarlouis
1764 births
1824 deaths
The 1993 CAA men's basketball tournament was held March 6–8, 1993, at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was East Carolina, who received an automatic bid to the 1993 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
Bracket
Honors
References
Tournament
Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
Sports competitions in Virginia
Basketball in Virginia
Roussin de Morgex (sometimes known as Rossano Rosso in Italy) is an Italian grape variety, native to the western part of Valle d'Aosta in the municipality of Morgex. It is a pink-skinned teinturier grape that produced a light pink juice. Although it may by used as one of the autochthonous varieties allowed in the red DOC wine from the region, Valle d'Aosta Rosso, in 2010 it was not cultivated commercially; according to wine writer Ian D'Agata nobody had made wine from it in 300 years. Since then, small experimental plantings have been made, and a subsequent 20 bottle batches of pink sparkling wine produced by Cave Mont Blanc in 2014 showed sufficient promise to spur further research and planting.
Origin
Roussin de Morgex belongs to a group of grape varieties geographically isolated in the Alpine regions of Italy and Valais, in Switzerland. DNA analyses suggest that while unrelated to Roussin, it is related to the Prié variety, and more distantly to Rèze, from the Swiss Alps.
Further reading
Giulio Moriondo: Vini et Vitigni Autoctoni della Valle d'Aosta. (139 pages). Institut Agricole Régional, Aosta 1999.
Roussin de Morgex in the Vitis International Variety Catalog.
References
Red wine grape varieties
Wine grapes of Italy
Cassop Vale is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Durham City district of County Durham, England. It lies between the villages of Bowburn and Cassop, 7 km south-east of the centre of Durham..
The site is important as one of the larger areas of grassland developed on magnesium limestone. This rock has a restricted distribution in England and grassland associated with it is confined almost entirely to south-east Tyneside and County Durham, usually in small, scattered patches that are threatened by quarrying and modern agricultural practices.
Habitats at Cassop Vale include grassland, scrub, woodland and wetland, the last fed by spring-lines. The area also includes recolonised open quarries and mine spoil-heaps, which add to the floral diversity. The main grass species on the magnesian limestone is blue moor-grass Sesleria albicans amongst which grow fragrant orchid Gymnadenia conopsea, cowslip, Primula veris, rock rose Helianthemum nummularium, and quaking grass, Briza media. Several rare and local species are present, including globeflower, Trollius europaeus, birds's-eye primrose, Primula farinosa, lesser club-moss, Selaginella selaginoides, and moonwort, Botrychium lunaria. Elsewhere there is neutral grassland with red fescue and such herbs as cat's-ear, earthnut and knapweed.
The scrub is dominated by hawthorn, gorse and hazel and on the basic soils grow woodruff, dog's mercury and sanicle. The small flushes on the springline are dominated by rushes and sedges, but are also home to marsh valerian, marsh ragwort, ragged robin and northern marsh-orchid. The wetlands are fringed by common spike-rush, soft rush and greater willow-herb.
The site also supports a diverse invertebrate fauna that includes populations of the Durham argus butterfly, Aricia artaxerxes salmacis, and the least minor moth Photedes captiuncula.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
is a train station in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Tokyo Great Bears () is the Japanese male volleyball club in V.League Division 1, the highest volleyball league in Japan. Established in May 2022 by Nature Lab Co., Ltd. and would start competing in 2022–23 season.
Concept
The team name means the players and supporters that are connected, comparable to the seven stars of the Big Dipper, which is part of Ursa Major. The club intend to connect people, regions, and the world through volleyball. They will envision a future that will make the volleyball world more exciting and attractive.
History
In 2021, it was announced that FC Tokyo volleyball team would suspend the operations after the 2021–22 V. League season. But in May 2022, It was reported that the team was transferred to Nature Lab Co., Ltd. and established as the new team Tokyo Great Bears.
In the same month, Great Bears Co., Ltd. was founded as the management company for the club under Nature Lab and some players from FC Tokyo was also transferred to the club.
Results
League result
Champion Runner-up
References
External links
Japanese volleyball teams
Volleyball clubs established in 2022
2022 establishments in Japan
Day of Independence is a 2003 short film, broadcast in 2005 as a half-hour PBS television special. It is a drama, set during the Japanese American internment of World War II, produced by Cedar Grove Productions with Visual Communications as fiscal sponsor.
History
The story of the film is based on playwright and executive producer Tim Toyama's own father's World War II experience. During the war, Toyama's father, whose nickname was Zip, was sent along with his entire family to a U.S. internment camp for Japanese Americans. Zip's Issei (Japanese immigrant) father fell ill and elected to return to Japan, along with Zip's mother, on a prisoner exchange ship, called the MS Gripsholm. However, the parents told Zip that as an American, he should remain in the U.S.
Background
Toyama wrote a play based on his family history, Independence Day. He and director Chris Tashima then adapted the play into a short film, which was produced by Lisa Onodera. The film was shot in 6 days, in Stockton, California and in Los Angeles. It was completed in 2003 and played in over 70 film and video festivals and competitions, winning 25 awards. Following its broadcast premiere on KHET/PBS Hawai'i on May 12, 2005, the film received a Regional Emmy nomination, from the NATAS San Francisco/Northern California Chapter (which includes Hawaii), in the category of Historical/Cultural – Program/Special.
Synopsis
A young baseball player faces the tragic circumstances of the internment of 110,000 Americans of Japanese ancestry during World War II. Set in a relocation camp in 1943, Day of Independence chronicles a family torn apart by a forced, unjust incarceration, a father's decision that challenges his son, and ultimately his son's triumph through courage, sacrifice and the All-American game of baseball.
Cast
Derek Mio as Zip
Marcus Toji as Hog
Alan Muraoka as Father
Keiko Kawashima as Mother
Chris Tashima as The Umpire
(In order of appearance)
Dean Komure as Spectator
Lisa Joe as Frances ("National Anthem" singer)
Diana Toshiko as Betty
Sarah Chang as Sadie
Julie Tofukuji as Mimi
Ulysses Lee as Tad
Jonathan Okui as Satch
Gina Hiraizumi as Rose
Awards
(partial list)
Emmy Nomination - 35th Northern California Emmy Awards
CINE Golden Eagle
Platinum Best of Show - Aurora Awards
Accolade Award of Excellence, Short Film
Best Short - Stony Brook Film Festival
Best Narrative Short - Tambay Film & Video Festival
"Slate" Award, Best Short - California Independent Film Festival
Best Short Film - Houston Multicultural Independent Film Festival
Gold / 1st Prize - Crested Butte Reel Fest
Audience Award, Best Drama - Marco Island Film Festival
Trivia
Performance artist Dan Kwong, who is also a baseball player, coached lead actor Derek Mio in old-style pitching form.
Lisa Joe's character, "Frances" (who sings the National Anthem at the ballgame and later conducts a choir rehearsal), was named in honor of Joe's mother, Frances Sue Okabe, a well known Nisei singer and music teacher. Okabe was interned at the Minidoka internment camp as a teenager, where she was known for her singing. Joe provided the singing voice on the soundtrack as well, which was recorded on Mother's Day just after her mother died from cancer.
During one of the montage sequences of "camp life," there is a painter standing by an easel, who is portrayed by playwright Tim Toyama, who stepped in at the last moment when the person cast to play the part didn't show up for filming.
The scene depicting the choir rehearsal has un-credited cameo appearances by noted actors Tamlyn Tomita, Emily Kuroda, Sab Shimono and Greg Watanabe who are friends of the director.
External links
Day of Independence now available on Vimeo
Coverage of PBS broadcast in Honolulu Star-Bulletin
References
2003 films
2003 short films
2000s sports films
American baseball films
American films based on plays
Films set in the 1940s
Films about the internment of Japanese Americans
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Major General Larry A.R. Wijeratne USP, SLA (1950 – 14 May 1998) was the former Brigade Commander of 51-4 Brigade based in Jaffna.
Early life and family
He completed his education at Nugawela Central College. At school, he excelled in both studies, sports alike and was a Queen's Scout. His wife was Brigadier Indira Wijeratne of the Sri Lanka Army Legal Branch and he was the father of two sons Bhagya and Dulanjaya.
Career
After leaving school he joined the army as an officer cadet and was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the Sri Lanka Artillery. During his career he held many positions within the army including that of instructor at the Army Training Centre, Diyatalawa (now the Sri Lanka Military Academy). He had been awarded the Uttama Seva Padakkama, Sri Lanka Armed Services Long Service Medal, North and East Operations Medal, Purna Bhumi Padakkama, Operation Wadamarachchi Medal, Riviresa Campaign Services Medal, and 50th Independence Anniversary Commemoration Medal for his service during the course of his military career.
Brigadier Larry Wijeratne was appointed as commanding officer of 51-4 Brigade at Vadamarachchi in Jaffna in 1997.
Death
On the last day of his duty assignment he was killed by an LTTE suicide bomber at Velvetiturai in Jaffna on 14 May 1998, when he attended a Jaffna traders' felicitation lunch just before leaving on transfer as deputy commandant of the Kotelawela Defence Academy. Brigadier Larry Wijeratne was posthumously promoted to the rank of Major General.
External links
Official Website of Sri Lanka Army
Ministry of Defence, Sri Lanka
MIC-Military Intelligence Corps
References
THE DRIFT IN JAFFNA: THE URGENCY OF A POLITICAL SETTLEMENT & THE IMPORTANCE OF LARRY WIJERATNE'S LEGACY., THE UNIVERSITY TEACHERS FOR HUMAN RIGHTS, JAFFNA (UTHR(Jaffna)) Sri Lanka
Patterns of Global Terrorism: 1998 Asia Overview
Tigers send a deadly message, By Sudha Ramachandran
The Larry Wijeratne That I Knew
1950 births
1998 deaths
Sri Lankan major generals
Sinhalese military personnel
Assassinated military personnel
Assassinated Sri Lankan people
Terrorist incidents in Sri Lanka in 1998
Suicide bombings in Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Military Academy graduates
People killed during the Sri Lankan Civil War
Sri Lanka Artillery officers
Acacia balsamea, commonly known as balsam wattle, is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves.
The rounded and infundibular shrub typically grows to a height of . It had erect yellowish branchlets. The khaki green aromatic phyllodes are erect with a straight to shallowly curved shape with a length of and a diameter of . There are one to two simple inflorescences per axil. Each subglobular to obloid flower-head contains around 21 flowers. The straight to shallowly curved woody seed pod are and have a diameter of .The pods contain dull brown elliptic-linear seeds that are around .
The species was first formally described by the botanists Richard Sumner Cowan and Bruce Maslin in the work Miscellaneous new taxa and lectotypifications in Western Australian Acacia, mostly section Plurinerves (Leguminosae: Mimosoideae) as published in the journal Nuytsia. The ospecies was reclassified by Leslie Pedley in 2003 as Racosperma balsameum before reverting to the current genus in 2006.
It is native to an area in the Goldfields and Pilbara regions of Western Australia. The species has a scattered distribution from around Marble Bar east to Leinster to the Gibson Desert. It grows in rocky granite soils among stony hills amongst tall open shrubland communities and is often associated with Acacia aneura.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
balsamea
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1999
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
Jamie Roche (, ); born 5 April 2001) is a Swedish football midfielder who plays for IK Sirius.
References
2001 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Association football midfielders
IK Sirius Fotboll players
Allsvenskan players
Cho Hey-jin (born 25 September 1973) is a South Korean former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
People from Suwon
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1994 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Sportspeople from Gyeonggi Province
Guido Sala (15 December 1928 – 13 April 1987) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and world champion kart racer. His best year in Grand Prix motorcycle racing was in 1954 when he won the 125cc Nations Grand Prix and finished seventh in the world championship.
He later switched to kart racing, winning the first-ever FIA Karting World Championship in 1964, and repeating as champion in 1965.
Motorcycle Grand Prix results
Bold = Pole position
Italic = The Fastest lap
References
1928 births
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Karting World Championship drivers
1987 deaths
People from Lissone
Terra Cotta is an unincorporated community in McHenry County, in the U.S. state of Illinois.
History
A post office called Terra Cotta was established in 1886, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1927. The community was named after a local terracotta pottery works.
References
Unincorporated communities in McHenry County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Wild Orchids is a 1929 American silent drama film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer directed by Sidney Franklin and starring Greta Garbo, Lewis Stone and Nils Asther. Only these three stars received cast credit. The plot is very similar to Garbo's later sound film, The Painted Veil (1934).
Plot
John Sterling (Lewis Stone) takes his young wife Lillie (Greta Garbo) to Java where he plans to invest in tea plantations. Beyond the difference in years between the two, he is neglectful, which creates reactions of frustration from his romantic young wife.
Aboard a ship, Lillie witnesses a scene of cruelty – a passenger hits one of his servants. The violent man is immediately taken by the beauty of this mysterious woman and will endeavor all to make her acquaintance. Therefore, he contacts the husband, whom he attracts with his deep knowledge of the Javanese tea market. John presents his new friend, the young and handsome Prince de Gace (Nils Asther) to his wife, who immediately recognizes the violent man. Multiple situations offer the Prince a chance to approach Lillie, who spurns him. He then uses force to kiss her - Lillie tries to talk to her husband, in vain.
In Java, the couple are hosted by the Prince, at his vast estate. Lillie avoids being alone with the Prince – she even wishes to join her husband in his professional investigations, which he refuses. Finally, Lillie and the Prince are alone for a few hours, and his efforts intensify. He forces himself upon her again, and she finally yields and returns his kiss.
John returns to surprise the kiss in Chinese shadows, raising the question of whether the woman embracing De Gace is his wife. His suspicion confirmed by a misplaced necklace, the men go on a tiger hunt. The Prince is hurt. John decides to return to the United States alone, but his wife reaffirms her love for him.
Cast
Greta Garbo as Lillie Sterling
Lewis Stone as John Sterling
Nils Asther as Prince De Gace
Dick Sutherland (uncredited)
Production
Production took place between October and November 1928 at the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios in Culver City, California (USA). During production, Garbo spent one day filming a cameo appearance for the James Cruze film A Man's Man. Production stills photographs were made by James Manatt and production portraits were taken by Ruth Harriet Louise in October 1928.
This is often listed as a "silent" film, but it is not. It was released as a non-talking sound film, with a complete orchestral score and sound effects, retained on both the VHS and DVD releases. Dialogue was conveyed via title cards, per the standard silent film convention.
Reception
Critical response
The film received 2.5 stars at All Movie Guide.
The New York Times called it "a pleasingly imaginative picturization of a special screen contribution from the pen of John Colton", praising the thespians' performances:
"Miss Garbo's acting is well-timed and, as usual, effective. It is not an easy rôle but she succeeds in imparting to it no small amount of subtlety. Nils Asther is capital as the Prince, a persistent individual who appears to be sadly lacking in caution. Lewis Stone, who is the villain of The Trial of Mary Dugan, does splendidly as the somewhat short-sighted husband of this silent film."
Box office
The film garnered receipts of US$1,165,000 ($622,000 in the US and $543,000 abroad), versus a budget of $322,000. It was one of the top-grossing films of the year. It generated MGM a profit of $380,000.
Home media
TCM released a DVD version on its Vault Collection - The Warner Archive Collection, on July 1, 2009. A VHS version was released on September 1, 1988 (NTSC). A Laserdisc edition exists on a set containing also Garbo's Love, The Torrent and the surviving segment from The Divine Woman.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Greta Garbo: A Cinematic Legacy – by Mark A. Vieira
External links
1929 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American black-and-white films
1929 drama films
Films directed by Sidney Franklin
American silent feature films
Silent American drama films
1920s American films
Kamanio Chattopadhyay (born 1950) is an Indian materials engineer and an honorary professor at the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru.
He is the chair of the Mechanical Sciences Division of IISc and a former chair of the Department of Materials Engineering.
Chattopadhyay is best known for his discovery of decagonal nanoquantum quasicrystals which he accomplished in 1985, along with L. Bendersky and S. Ranganathan. He is also credited with researches on synthesis and characterization of quasicrystals and nanocomposites and is an elected fellow of all the three major Indian science academies viz. Indian Academy of Sciences, Indian National Science Academy and National Academy of Sciences, India as well as the Indian National Academy of Engineering. The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards for his contributions to Engineering Sciences in 1995.
Biography
Born on 3 March 1950 in the Indian state of West Bengal, K. Chattopadhyay completed his graduate studies in mechanical engineering from the Regional Engineering College, Durgapur (present-day National Institute of Technology, Durgapur) of Burdwan University in 1974 and moved to Indian Institute of Technology (BHU) Varanasi where he did his master's degree in 1973. Subsequently, he enrolled for his doctoral studies there under the guidance of Patcha Ramachandra Rao, a Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate, and during the course of his research, he joined BHU as a lecturer in 1975. After securing a PhD in 1978, he relocated to the US for his post-doctoral studies which he completed at the laboratory of Hubert Aaronson of Carnegie Mellon University. Returning to India in 1983, he joined the Indian Institute of Science as an assistant professor where he served out his regular service till his superannuation in 2015. During this period, he served as the chair of the Materials Research Centre from 2000 to 2004, as the chair of the Department of Materials Engineering from 2004 to 2008, as the convenor of the Institute Nano Science Initiative from 2007 to 2010 and as the chair of the Division of Mechanical Sciences during 2008-2015. Post-retirement, he continues his association with IISc in various capacities; he is associated with the research activities of the Centre for Nano Science and Engineering (CeNSE), heads the Advanced Facility for Electron Microscopy as its convenor since 2010, serves as the convenor of Interdisciplinary Centre for Energy Research since 2012, and is the head of the Non Equilibrium Processing and Nano Materials Group. In between, he had several stints abroad and the visiting research professorship at Carnegie Mellon University, visiting professorships at the Cooperative Research and Development Center for Advanced Materials of Tohoku University and Kyoto University and visiting scientist assignments at Oxford University, Cambridge University and Illinois University are some of them.
Chattopadhyay is married to Sukanya and the couple lives in Bengaluru.
Legacy
The early researches of Chattopadhyay during his doctoral studies with Ramachandra Rao were on rapid solidification of aluminum alloys and it was during this time he is reported to have discovered aluminum-based binary glass and nanodispersed composites. Later, at Carnegie Mellon University, he worked along with Hubert Aaronson, on growth of bainite in Cu-Zn system and the related controversy and he continued his work after his return to India, collaborating with L. Bendersky and S. Ranganathan which led to the discovery of decagonal quasicrystals in 1985. His work, both experimental and theoretical, assisted in the synthesis and characterization of several quasicrystals and nanocomposites. He is also credited with wider studies in synthesis of nanocomposites, phase transformations, large superheating phenomenon during melting, dissimilar joining processes, surface modifications and nanostructured magnetic alloys. Later, he shifted his focus to the development of high temperature aluminum alloys and steel which has applications in aerospace and energy industries as well as ultrahigh strength multi-component alloys like bulk metallic glasses that are ductile. His researches have been documented in several peer-reviewed articles; Google Scholar and ResearchGate, online repositories of scientific articles, have listed 407 and 360 of them respectively. Besides, he has authored one book, Aluminum Based Nanoeutectics: Synthesis and Microstructure and has contributed chapters to books edited by others. He also holds a number of patents which include those on Solder compositions, Nickel-Aluminium-Zirconium alloys and High Impact Solder Toughness Alloy.
Chattopadhyay is the co-director of Solar Energy Research Institute for India and United States (SERIIUS), an Indo-US joint venture for the development of low cost solar electric technologies, and has conducted a number of seminars and symposia on behalf of the consortium. He is involved in many inter-institutional exchange programs which include the research associations of Indian Institute of Science with Cambridge University and Exeter University. He is the coordinator of the National Microgravity Research Programme (NMRP), a multidisciplinary research forum of the Indian Space Research Organization for advanced research in Microgravity science. He is a member of the National Steering Committee of the Indian Institute of Metals and served as its vice president during 2012-13 and as the president for the term 2013-14. He co-chaired the 11th Asian Microgravity Symposium–2016 held at Hokkaido University, Japan and sat in the advisory committees of the International Conference on Metals and Materials Research organized by the Indian Indian Institute of Science, held in June 2016 and the International Symposium on Energy Materials : Opportunities and Challenges (ISEM-2011) held at Central Glass and Ceramic Research Institute, Kolkata in March 2011. Besides mentoring a number of master's and doctoral scholars in their studies, he has delivered invited or keynote addresses at several conferences which include Fifth International Conference on Solidification Science and Processing, International Workshop on Advanced Co-based Superalloys: 3.0 and International Conference on Functional Nanomaterials and he is a speaker designate at the TMS Annual Meeting and Exhibition to be held in March 2017 at San Diego, California. He is a former editor of the Journal of Materials Science of Springer Science+Business Media and is a member of the Board of Trustees of T. R. Anantharaman Education and Research Foundation, a Hyderabad-based non-profit organization promoting human resource development in engineering sciences.
Books
Chapters
Scientific articles
General articles
Patents
Awards and honors
Chattopadhyay received the first major award of his career in 1979 when he was chosen for the Young Scientists Medal by the Indian National Science Academy. He received the MRSI Medal of the Materials Research Society of India in 1990 and the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize, one of the highest Indian science awards in 1995. He received the Platinum Jubilee Award of Banaras Hindu University in 1998 and the Alumni Award for Excellence in Research in Science/Engineering of the Indian Institute of Science in 2002. A year later, the Indian Institute of Metals chose him for the 2003 G. D. Birla Gold medal. The Government of India awarded him the National Metallurgists' Day Award in R&D and Academia category in 2009 and he received the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Electron Microscope Society of India in 2011.
The Indian Academy of Sciences elected Chattopadhyay as a fellow in 1995 and he became a fellow of the Indian National Science Academy in 1996 with the National Academy of Sciences, India following suit in 1999. The Electron Microscope Society of India chose him as a fellow in 2009 and the Indian Institute of Metals made him an honorary life member in 2014. He is also an elected fellow of the Indian National Academy of Engineering. Non-Equilibrium Processing and Nanomaterials Laboratory of the Indian Institute of Science felicitated him in 2015, on his retirement from service, with a seminar and the screening of a Metallurgist's Diary, a 20-minute long documentary on the life and work of Chattopadhyay made by his students at IISc.
See also
Amorphous metal
Nanomaterials
Arindam Ghosh
Dan Shechtman
Notes
References
External links
Further reading
Recipients of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Engineering Science
1950 births
Indian scientific authors
Fellows of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Indian metallurgists
Engineers from West Bengal
Bengali people
University of Burdwan alumni
Banaras Hindu University alumni
Banaras Hindu University faculty
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Indian Institute of Science faculty
University of Illinois faculty
Tohoku University faculty
Kyoto University faculty
Fellows of the Indian National Science Academy
Fellows of The National Academy of Sciences, India
Living people
Indian materials scientists
Fellows of the Indian National Academy of Engineering
20th-century Indian engineers
David S. Barnes is an Associate Professor of History and Sociology of Science and Director of the Health and Societies Program at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a historian specializing in public health issues of Third Republic France. He argues that the development of public health in nineteenth-century France is best understood in terms of the integration of scientific hypotheses into the generally accepted cultural, social and economic frameworks.
Works
Books (with selected reviews)
Barnes, David S., The Making of a Social Disease: Tuberculosis in Nineteenth-Century France; University of California Press, 1995. in 606 WorldCat libraries
Review: by Ann F La Berge The American historical review. 101, no. 3, (1996): 854
Review: by Robert A. Nye Bulletin of the History of Medicine - Volume 70, Number 3, Fall 1996, pp. 528–529
Review: by Anne HardyMedical history. 40, no. 2, (1996): 255
Review: by Allan Mitchell: Isis. 86, no. 3, (1995): 507
Review by Olivier Faure The Journal of Modern History. 69, no. 1, (1997): 158
Review: by Patricia E Prestwick Journal of Social History. 29, no. 4, (1996): 974
Barnes, David S., The Great Stink of Paris and the Nineteenth-Century Struggle against Filth and Germs; The Johns Hopkins University Press; Oxford University Press, 2006 held in 339 WorldCat libraries
Review by B. Gastel - 9 Nov, 2006 New England Journal of Medicine 355 (19): 2051 november 9, 2006.
Review: by Ann F La Berge JAMA : the journal of the American Medical Association 297, no. 19, (2007): 2144
Review: by H Pennington Science (magazine) 313, no. 5794, (September 22, 2006): 1740
Review: by Margaret K. Hostetter .Journal of Clinical Investigation. 116(11): 2835-2835 (2006).
Review by Elizabeth A Williams Journal of the History of Medicine and Allied Sciences, 63, no. 1 (2008): 117-119
Review: by R Lethbridge Journal of European Studies. 2007; 37: 200-202
Review: by O Amsterdamska Isis (journal) 98, no. 3, (2007): 638
Review: by Hope Christiansen The French review. 81, no. 4, (2008): 801
Review by S Sauget. Revue d'histoire moderne et contemporaine , 55, no. 1, (2008): 215-216
Articles
"Wald, Contagious: Cultures, Carriers, and the Outbreak Narrative". The Journal of American History. 96, no. 2: 589-.
Contagion: Disease, Government, and the Social Question in Nineteenth-Century France (Review)". Journal of the History of Medicine and Allied Sciences''. 55, no. 3: 316-318.
References
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Living people
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
American male non-fiction writers
Enter Shikari are a British rock band formed in 2003. Their debut album, Take to the Skies, was released on 19 March 2007 and reached number 4 in the UK Albums Chart. The album was later certified Gold. Their second album, titled Common Dreads, was released on 15 June 2009 and peaked at number 16. Their third studio album A Flash Flood of Colour was released on 16 January 2012 and debuted at number 4. Their fourth studio album The Mindsweep was released on 19 January 2015 to critical acclaim.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Remix albums
Live albums
Extended plays
Singles
Promotional singles
Remixes
There have been numerous remixes of Enter Shikari songs:
Videography
Video albums
2007 – Live at the Astoria (bonus DVD with Take to the Skies)
2011 – Live from Planet Earth - Bootleg Series Volume 3
2012 – Phenakistiscope (bonus DVD with A Flash Flood of Colour)
2012 – Live in London. W6. March 2012. - Bootleg Series Volume 4
2013 – Live in the Barrowland - Bootleg Series Volume 5
2015 – Live in St. Petersburg, Russia - Bootleg Series Volume 6 (bonus DVD with The Mindsweep)
2015 – Live at Woodstock, Poland 2013 + Live at Download Festival, UK 2013 (bonus DVD with The Mindsweep)
Music videos
As featured artist
Notes
References
A "Slipshod (Urbandawn Remix)" did not enter the UK Singles Chart, but peaked at number 3 on the UK Physical Singles chart and at number 2 on the UK Vinyl Singles chart.
Discographies of British artists
Post-hardcore group discographies
discog
Paul Moder is an Australian actor and filmmaker best known for his role in starring in and producing Razor Eaters.
Education
Moder received a Bachelor of Arts in Film and Television from Swinburne University of Technology.
Career
Moder is an established figure at the Melbourne Underground Film Festival where several of his films have debuted and won awards.
In 2003, he portrayed the cop that interrogated David in Leigh Whannell's short film Saw.
In 2016, he announced plans to write and produce a film based on the events of the Port Arthur shooting that occurred in Australia in 1996. Moder said that despite not having the support of victims' families or the community of Port Arthur, he felt it was time “to examine the event in unflinching detail, free from agenda and bias”.
References
External links
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Swinburne University of Technology alumni
20th-century Australian male actors
21st-century Australian male actors
Kenneth Edward Olin (born July 30, 1954) is an American actor, television director and producer. He is known for his role as Michael Steadman in the ABC drama series Thirtysomething (1987–1991), for which he received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama nomination in 1990. Olin later began working as television director and producer; his producer credits include Alias (2001–2006), Brothers & Sisters (2006–2011), and This Is Us (2016-2022). Olin is married to actress Patricia Wettig.
Career
Acting
Olin began appearing on television as of late 1970's. His first series regular role was on the short-lived NBC comedy-drama Bay City Blues in 1983. He later joined the cast of NBC police drama Hill Street Blues playing Detective Harry Garibaldi from 1984 to 1985, and from 1985 to 1986 co-starred on the CBS prime time soap opera Falcon Crest as Father Christopher Rossini. Olin also guest-starred on Murder, She Wrote and Hotel, before was cast as Michael Steadman in the ABC drama series, Thirtysomething. Debuting in 1987, the series received critical acclaim, setting a new bar for realism in the realm of prime-time drama. For his performance, Olin was nominated for Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama in 1990.
In 1996, Olin played a leading role in the short-lived CBS crime drama EZ Streets. From 1998 to 1999, he played the leading role in the another short-lived CBS series, medical drama L.A. Doctors. He starred opposite his wife, Patricia Wettig in the 1995 television film Nothing But the Truth, and well as in Telling Secrets (1993) with Cybill Shepherd, The Advocate's Devil (1997) alongside Mariska Hargitay, and Evolution's Child (1999). His film credits include roles in Ghost Story (1981), Queens Logic (1991), and 'Til There Was You (1997).
From 2007 to 2011, Olin had a recurring role opposite Patricia Wettig in the ABC drama series Brothers & Sisters. From 2015 to 2017, he had a recurring role in the CBS drama series, Zoo. In 2020, ABC ordered a sequel for Thirtysomething and Olin is set to return alongside Mel Harris, Timothy Busfield and Patricia Wettig.
Producing and directing
In the summer of 1990, Olin directed his wife in a production of "My Mother Said I Never Should" at the Powerhouse Theatre at Vassar College. Prior this, he directed six episodes of Thirtysomething. He directed television movies The Broken Cord (1992), Doing Time on Maple Drive (1992), In Pursuit of Honor (1995) and Phenomenon II (2003). He also directed White Fang 2: Myth of the White Wolf (1994) for Buena Vista Pictures. He directed episodes of L.A. Doctors, Judging Amy, Felicity, The West Wing, 23 episodes of Alias, 20 episodes of Brothers & Sisters, Sleepy Hollow, and 20 episodes of This Is Us.
Olin was a executive producer of number of television dramas in the 2000s and 2010s. First was ABC action drama Alias (2001-2006). From 2006 to 2011, he produced ABC family drama Brothers & Sisters featuring ensemble cast led by Sally Field. His wife, Patricia Wettig also was regular cast member. His other credits include Breaking News (2002), The Mob Doctor (2012-2013) and Sleepy Hollow. In 2016, he began producing NBC family drama This Is Us, the series received three Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series nominations.
Personal life
Olin was born to a Jewish family in Chicago, Illinois, the son of a former Peace Corps official and pharmaceutical company owner. He was raised in Highland Park, Illinois. He graduated from The Putney School in Putney, Vermont, in 1972. He then completed his college career at the University of Pennsylvania. He is an anti Trump and LGBTQ activist. He is married to his thirtysomething and Brothers & Sisters co-star, Patricia Wettig, with whom he has a son, Clifford, and a daughter, Roxanne, who appears on The City.
Filmography
as Actor
as Director
as Producer
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Male actors from Chicago
American male film actors
American film directors
American male television actors
American television directors
Circle in the Square Theatre School alumni
Jewish American male actors
University of Pennsylvania alumni
The Putney School alumni
American people of Jewish descent
21st-century American Jews
20th-century American Jews
Graphic Universe, an imprint of Lerner Publishing Group, was launched in 2006 and publishes books in graphic novel format.
History
In 2006, Lerner Publishing Group created the Graphic Universe imprint for the purpose of publishing graphic novels for young and developing readers. Initial series included Graphic Myths and Legends (sequential retellings of famous myths from around the world) and Twisted Journeys (an interactive fiction series similar in nature to Choose Your Own Adventure, done in a mix of prose and comics storytelling). The imprint later began to publish a variety of foreign children's comics in translations and many award-winning creator-owned graphic novels.
Graphic Myths and Legends
Graphic Myths and Legends is the first series published by Graphic Universe. There are currently a total of 27 titles in the series. The books are full-color comic retellings of famous myths from around the world, including Hercules and Amaterasu. The series has the trade byline of "Supreme artwork and storytelling." Graphic Myths and Legends is drawn and inked by some of the top artists in the industry.
Titles
Ali Baba : Fooling the Forty Thieves
Amaterasu : Return of the Sun
Arthur & Lancelot : The Fight for Camelot
Atalanta : The Race against Destiny
Beowulf : Monster Slayer
Demeter & Persephone : Spring Held Hostage
Guan Yu : Blood Brothers to the End
Hercules : The Twelve Labors
The Hero Twins : Against the Lords of Death
Isis & Osiris : To the Ends of the Earth
Jason : Quest for the Golden Fleece
King Arthur : Excalibur Unsheathed
Marwe : Into the Land of the Dead
Odysseus : Escaping Poseidon's Curse
Perseus : The Hunt for Medusa's Head
Pigling : A Cinderella Story
Psyche & Eros : The Lady and the Monster
Robin Hood : Outlaw of Sherwood Forest
Sinbad : Sailing into Peril
The Smoking Mountain : The Story of Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl
Sunjata : Warrior King of Mali
Theseus : Battling the Minotaur
Thor & Loki : In the Land of Giants
Tristan & Isolde : The Warrior and the Princess
The Trojan Horse : The Fall of Troy
William Tell : One against an Empire
Yu the Great : Conquering the Flood
Twisted Journeys
Twisted Journeys is an interactive fiction series similar in nature to Choose Your Own Adventure, done in a mix of written and comic format. Some pages are done in a comic layout, and others are done in novel format. Traditional drawing, inking, coloring, and lettering techniques are used throughout.
Titles
1 - Captured by Pirates
2 - Escape from Pyramid X
3 - Terror in Ghost Mansion
4 - The Treasure of Mount Fate
5 - Nightmare on Zombie Island
6 - The Time Travel Trap
7 - Vampire Hunt
8 - Alien Incident on Planet J
9 - Agent Mongoose and the Hypno-Beam Scheme
10 - The Goblin King
11 - Shipwrecked on Mad Island
12 - Kung Fu Masters
13 - School of Evil
14 - Attack of the Mutant Meteors
15 - Agent Mongoose and the Attack of the Giant Insects
16 - The Quest for Dragon Mountain
17 - Detective Frankenstein
18 - Horror In Space
19 - The Fifth Musketeer
20 - Peril in Summerland Park
21 - Safari Survivor
22 - Hero City
Foreign imports
Graphic Universe also publishes foreign titles in translation, usually from French.
Titles
The ElseWhere Chronicles (originally Les Enfants d'ailleurs)
Waluk
William and the Lost Spirit
First Man: Reimagining Matthew Henson
Terrorist: Gavrilo Princip, the Assassin Who Ignited World War I
Marco Polo: The Silk Road
Hotel Strange
Lou!
Mortensen's Escapades
Mr. Badger and Mrs. Fox
A Game for Swallows
A Bag of Marbles
I Remember Beirut
The Other Side of the Wall
Tao, the Little Samurai
The Little Prince
Tib & Tumtum
Where's Leopold?
Selected Honors for Graphic Universe Books
Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards nominees
A Bag of Marbles by Joseph Joffo, Kris, and Vincent Bailly [Best Reality-Based Work]
BirdCatDog by Lee Nordling & Meritxell Bosch [Best Publication for Early Readers]
The Ferret's a Foot by Colleen AF Venable and Stephanie Yue [Best Publication for Kids]
Junior Library Guild selections
A Bag of Marbles by Joseph Joffo, Kris, and Vincent Bailly
Believe Your Eyes by Cori Doerrfeld and Tyler Page
The Ferret's a Foot by Colleen AF Venable, and Stephanie Yue
A Game for Swallows: To Die, To Leave, To Return by Zeina Abirached
Hercules: The Twelve Labors by Paul D. Storrie and Steve Kurth
I Remember Beirut by Zeina Abirached
Little White Duck: A Childhood in China by Andrés Vera Martínez, Na Liu, and Andrés Vera Martínez
The Maltese Mummy by Trina Robbins and Tyler Page
Terrorist: Gavrilo Princip, the Assassin Who Ignited World War I by Henrik Rehr
Truth in Sight by Cori Doerrfeld and Tyler Page
Kirkus Best Children's Books
And Then There Were Gnomes by Colleen AF Venable and Stephanie Yue
BirdCatDog by Lee Nordling & Meritxell Bosch
Hamster and Cheese by Colleen AF Venable and Stephanie Yue
Little White Duck: A Childhood in China by Andrés Vera Martínez, Na Liu, and Andrés Vera Martínez
Wrapped Up in You by Dan Jolley and Natalie Nourigat [Best Teen Books of the Year]
Artists and Authors
Many well-known artists and other members of the comic industry have worked with the various Graphic Universe titles, including Dan Jolley, Thomas Yeates, John McCrea, Trina Robbins, Alitha Martinez, Meritxell Bosch, Na Liu, Zeina Abirached, Bannister, Craig Hamilton, Andrés Vera Martínez, Ron Fontes, Lee Nordling, Steve Kurth, Tyler Page, Cori Doerrfeld, Henrik Rehr, Paul Storrie, Simon Schwartz, Jeff Limke, Stephanie Yue, Colleen AF Venable, and Ron Randall.
Comic book publishing companies of the United States
Privately held companies based in New York City
Edwin Ellis (1842–1895) was an English artist born in Nottingham, England. He started working life as a lace draughtsman. As an artist he was known for his dramatic paintings of the British coastline, particularly around Yorkshire, Wales and Cornwall. He painted mainly in oils in a broad, impressionistic style. He also painted in watercolour. He exhibited extensively at the Royal Society of British Artists (elected member in 1875), the Royal Academy and many other galleries in London and other UK cities. A major retrospective exhibition of his work was held at the Nottingham Museum and Art Gallery in 1893. He declared himself bankrupt, was involved in two divorce proceedings and died in London of alcohol related problems. At one time he was married to the former wife of American painter George Henry Yewell.
Forty-seven of his oil paintings are held in UK public art collections.
References
1842 births
1895 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
Artists from Nottingham
19th-century English male artists
Piacenza Calcio once again survived in Serie A, this time being on the brink of relegation, and having to beat Cagliari in Naples in a so-called spareggio to decide which team would stay up. Thanks to a 3–1 victory, Piacenza was able to hang onto their Serie A status, which was all that could be expected from new coach Bortolo Mutti. Despite losing Nicola Caccia to Napoli, Piacenza was able to count on a reliable goal scorer in Pasquale Luiso, who grabbed 14 goals in his debut season in Serie A.
Astonishingly, Piacenza lost just one match at home all season, but instead won no matches on away turf, having won just once in 51 Serie A matches outside the home ground.
Squad
Goalkeepers
Massimo Taibi
Sergio Marcon
Defenders
Massimo Brioschi
Mirko Conte
Daniele Cozzi
Daniele Delli Carri
Settimio Lucci
Stefano Maccoppi
Fausto Pari
Cleto Polonia
Simone Corradi
Alessandro Lucarelli
Andrea Tagliaferri
Midfielders
Eusebio Di Francesco
Luca Matteassi
Daniele Moretti
Gabriele Pin
Giuseppe Scienza
Aladino Valoti
Paolo Tramezzani
Gianpietro Piovani
Fabian Valtolina
Carlo Ballotta
Attackers
Pasquale Luiso
Andrea Tentoni
Francesco Zerbini
Gabriele Ballotta
Serie A
League table
Position by round
Matches
Relegation tie-breaker
Cagliari relegated to 1997–98 Serie B.
Top scorers
Pasquale Luiso 14 (3)
Giuseppe Scienza 4
Eusebio Di Francesco 3
Gianpietro Piovani 2
References
Sources
RSSSF - Italy Championship 1996/97
Piacenza Calcio 1919 seasons
Piacenza
Newcomb Corner is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Killeen Church is a medieval church and National Monument in County Meath, Ireland.
Location
Killeen Church is located immediately northwest of Killeen Castle, about northwest of Dunshaughlin.
History
Archaeological studies indicate that a church stood on the site in the 7th–9th centuries. No trace of it remains. A second phase of activity saw a ringwork constructed on the site, and a church at Killeen is listed in the ecclesiastical taxation (1302–06) of Pope Nicholas IV.
The current Killeen Church was built by Sir Christopher Plunkett (c. 1370 – c. 1445), a grandson of Sir Richard Plunkett, in the early 15th century. In 1403 Sir Christopher married Lady Joan de Cusack, daughter of Sir Lucas Cusack. In 1432 Sir Christopher Plunkett was appointed deputy to the lord lieutenant, John I Stanley of the Isle of Man, on his recall to England. A chantry was established by Sir Christopher and Lady Joan within the parish church in 1431. A badly-damaged fifteenth-century tomb in Killeen Church is probably their gravesite.
Killeen was until 1953 part of the holdings of the Earl of Fingall, and successive earls took care to preserve the church.
Church
The church is a nave and chancel structure. Visible features include a triple sedilium, hagioscope (squint), newel stairs, octagonal baptismal font and decorative carvings including coats of arms and mason's mark.
References
Churches in County Meath
Archaeological sites in County Meath
National Monuments in County Meath
Former churches in the Republic of Ireland
Roxy Blue is an American hard rock band from Memphis, Tennessee. The band released their debut album Want Some? on Geffen Records in 1992 but disbanded shortly afterwards. The band later reformed and released a self-titled album on Frontiers Records in 2019.
History
Roxy Blue was formed in 1990 in Memphis, Tennessee. The band featured vocalist Todd Poole, drummer Scott "Scotty T." Tramwell, guitarist Sid Fletcher, and bassist Josh Weil. Fletcher and Weil met at the Atlanta Guitar Institute of Technology. The group signed with Geffen Records and released their debut album Want Some? on the label in 1992. The album was produced by Mike Clink, best known for producing Guns N' Roses debut album Appetite for Destruction. Due to the popularity of grunge in the early 1990s, the album did not sell as well as the label had hoped and the group disbanded. According to lead vocalist Todd Poole, Roxy Blue was actually working on demos for a follow-up record when they disbanded.
During the time Roxy Blue was disbanded, vocalist Todd Poole became a founding member of the nu metal band Saliva.
The band reformed with former Every Mother's Nightmare guitarist Jeff Caughron, as original guitarist Sid Fletcher is now a dentist. They released a self-titled album on Frontiers Records in 2019.
Band members
Current members
Todd Poole – lead vocals (1990–1993, 2017–present)
Josh Weil – bass (1990–1993, 2017–present)
Scott "Scotty T." Tramwell – drums (1990–1993, 2017–present)
Jeff Caughron – guitar (2017–present)
Former members
Sid Fletcher – guitar (1990–1993)
Discography
Studio albums
Want Some? (1992, Geffen)
Want Some More? (2013, FnA Records)
Stripped (2013, FnA Records)
Roxy Blue (2019, Frontiers)
References
Geffen Records artists
Frontier Records artists
1990 establishments in Tennessee
Shade Omoniyi (born Folashade Omoniyi; 16 April 1971), better known by her sobriquet Lepa Shandy, is a Nigerian Yoruba movie actress who was described by the Nigerian media as "a veteran and one of the pioneers of the Yoruba movie industry" Omoniyi's sobriquet Lepa Shandy was a character she played in a movie with the same title.
Early life and education
Omoniyi is a native of Osogbo in Osun State but was raised in Lagos state where she attended Ire Akari Primary School and obtained her First School Leaving Certificate from, then proceeded to Isolo Comprehensive High School where she obtained her West African Senior School Certificate Examination form. Omoniyi then applied to the University of Lagos and was admitted to study Data Processing where she graduated from and obtained a B.Sc. degree in Data processing.
Career
Omoniyi debuted into the Nigerian entertainment industry in 1995. At first, she was a model due to her slim features then later on became a make-up artist for actors before debuting her acting career in the Nigerian Nollywood movie industry in 1996 where she played short roles in English speaking movies. She debuted with the movie titled Breaking Point before switching to the Nigerian Yoruba movie industry where she got the lead role in a movie titled Lepa Shandy. Lepa Shandy was a Nigerian Yoruba movie that was produced by Bayowa and eventually became a very successful project which formed the foundation for Omoniyi's acting career.
Recognition
Omoniyi celebrated her 45th birthday on 16 April 2016 and also premiered her new movie titled 'Eri Ife Leyi''' on the same day and at the same venue where she celebrated her birthday. Omoniyi's birthday and movie premiere was attended by her colleagues and also by Former First Lady of Lagos State, Abimbola Fashola.
Personal life
Omoniyi is married and has two children.
Selected filmographyEri Ife Leyi (2016)Nkan Agbara (2008)Akámó (2007)Iru Kileyi (2007)Iyawo Elenu Razor (2006)Ògo ìdílé (2004)Oyato (2003)Tim ba Taiye Wa (2003)Kosorogun (2002)Lepa Shandy (2002)Breaking Point (1996)''
References
External links
Living people
1971 births
21st-century Nigerian actresses
Yoruba actresses
Actresses in Yoruba cinema
University of Lagos alumni
People from Osun State
Nigerian female models
Actresses from Osun State
Paul Annacone and Christo van Rensburg were the defending champions however they lost in the first round to Brad Gilbert and Vince Van Patten.
Gilbert and Van Patten won the final on a walkover against Stefan Edberg and Anders Järryd.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
1986 Lipton International Players Championships Doubles Draw
Men's Doubles
"All Night" is a song by American rappers Juicy J and Wiz Khalifa; it released was released on May 13, 2016 by Atlantic Records, Columbia Records, and Empire Distribution. It serves as the lead single from their mixtape, TGOD Mafia: Rude Awakening. It was produced by 808 Mafia member, TM88. The song samples "Lonely Star" by The Weeknd.
Track listing
Download digital
All Night — 4:05
Release history
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
Wiz Khalifa songs
Juicy J songs
Songs written by Wiz Khalifa
Songs written by Juicy J
Songs written by the Weeknd
Songs written by Doc McKinney
Songs written by Illangelo
Songs written by TM88
Dowlatkhaneh Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9,285, in 2,441 families. The rural district has 26 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Razavi Khorasan Province
Quchan County
Graus nigra is a species of sea chub endemic to the Pacific coast of South America, ranging from Valdivia in Chile to southern Peru. This species grows to a total length of . It is popular as a game fish. This species is the only known member of its genus, and is known locally as vieja negra (meaning “old black” in Spanish).
Ecology
Graus nigra is found in Chile and Peru, often in forests of giant kelp. Associated with it in this habitat are the Chilean abalone (Concholepas concholepas), keyhole limpets (Fissurella spp.), the Chilean sea urchin Loxechinus albus, and the labrid fish Galápagos sheephead (Semicossyphus darwini). Other carnivorous fish in the kelp forest include the Peruvian morwong (Cheilodactylus variegatus), the Chilean sandperch (Pinguipes chilensis) and the Cape redfish (Sebastes capensis); also present in this habitat is the herbivorous Aplodactylus punctatus. These fish are present in the dense lower storey of the kelp forest where they feed on the benthos. If for some reason the kelp is removed or thinned, the predacious fish feed in the water column instead.
Uses
Graus nigra is a game fish, targeted by spear-fishers, both recreational fishermen and artisanal hunters. From around 1985 to 2005, the total tonnage caught of this species has dwindled by about 90% and the average size of fish has also shrunk. Another target species, Medialuna ancietae , once abundant, has become so rare that younger spear-fishers have never seen one. These changes in abundance of some of the dominant carnivorous fish in the giant kelp forest has had a marked effect on the biodiversity of their habitats.
References
Kyphosidae
Monotypic fish genera
Western South American coastal fauna
Fish of Chile
Fish of Peru
Fish described in 1887
Taxa named by Rodolfo Amando Philippi
Confluaria japonica is an endoparasitic tapeworm in the family Hymenolepididae. It infects the small intestine of the little grebe and numerous other bird species.
References
Eucestoda
Parasites of birds
Animals described in 1935
The CRISP (Computer Retrieval of Information on Scientific Projects) system at NIH has been replaced by the RePORT Expenditures and Results (RePORTER) query tool. CRISP was a fully searchable database of biomedical research projects funded by the U.S. government. It covers projects going back to 1972 and records name and abstract of the project, the principal investigator and the involved institution. The database is maintained by the Office of Extramural Research at the National Institutes of Health.
To facilitate indexing and searching, CRISP also contains a thesaurus and controlled vocabulary for terms used in biological and medical research. Each project is assigned three keywords from the thesaurus.
All users, including the general public, can search through the CRISP interface for scientific concepts or emerging trends and techniques that are covered by federal funding. It can also be used to identify specific projects or investigators that receive, or have received, funding.
RePORT Expenditures and Results
The CRISP system has been replaced by the RePORT Expenditures and Results (RePORTER) query tool.
References
External links
CRISP database overview at NIH
Querying CRISP
CRISP Thesaurus
Public domain databases
Picture is one of the first Dutch heavy metal bands. Formed in 1979, they were especially popular in the Netherlands, Germany and Italy for their live performances, and still have a fan base in South America, Mexico and Japan.
Picture supported AC/DC, Ted Nugent and Saxon in the Netherlands. With Saxon, they did a full European tour in 1981. Later on they toured with Rose Tattoo in Germany and headlined tours in Italy and Israel.
Biography
Rinus Vreugdenhil and Laurens Bakker originally got together in 1978 and started jamming with various musicians. It was not until 1979 that the classic lineup of Vreugdenhil, Bakker, Jan Bechtum, and Ronald van Prooijen came together.
Early on in Picture's career they were produced by Cat Music. They worked with manager Henk van Antwerpen and were signed to Warner Bros. Records. However, Picture felt their label were trying to steer them in a pop direction and quit the label to sign with Backdoor Records, a subsidiary of Phonogram Records.
The original line-up recorded their debut album, Picture 1 and their second effort, Heavy Metal Ears in 1980 and 1981 respectively. To begin with, they gigged throughout the Netherlands and nearby Germany and built a following. In the meantime, they started composing their own music. Bechtum would usually come up with the riffs, then the other members would contribute their parts. After hashing and rehashing the songs, they became the titles that would appear on the first album, Picture I.
As a bunch of young kids, they did not know much about the realities of recording. When the album came out, none of them liked the sound quality. As they grew in popularity, they returned to the studio to record Heavy Metal Ears and it was much of the same sound quality. It was not until they were a little older and wiser that they really got their sound in the studio with Diamond Dreamer. However, by this time, Ronald had left for personal reasons and they found Israeli singer Shmoulik Avigal. Not only was the recording done much better, but Shmoulik had a different, and some say, more powerful voice. Many consider Diamond Dreamer as the band's best album.
After recording and touring with Shmoluik for the Diamond Dreamer album, he suggested they add a second guitarist to fatten their live sound and Chriz Van Jaarsveld was brought in. Though he was a technically proficient guitarist, he did not gel with Bechtum and things went downhill. Then Shmoulik got in a petty argument with their manager and was fired from the band. About this time, Bechtum had had enough and quit for personal reasons. To fill in the gaps, a new singer, Pete Lovell, was recruited along with a second guitarist, Henry van Manen. They went into the studio to record Eternal Dark. This album was slicker than Diamond Dreamer and the two guitarists significantly altered the heavy sound of Jan Bechtum for a more technical groove that sort of worked, but started the trend for the final albums that veered away from the Picture sound. Around this time, Bakker could not take the rigors of touring or the stress of all their management troubles while supporting a wife and twins, so he left.
From that point on, the only remaining original member was Vreugdenhil. He continued for three more albums: Traitor, Marathon, and Every Story Needs Another Picture. Many described them as going into hair metal, with commercial and anonymous songs. Vreugdenhil was particularly disgusted with Every Story Needs Another Picture, as it was an album forced by the record contract, and it is rumored that the whole album was recorded by studio musicians with minimal participation from him.
Though Vreugdenhil continued long after the other original members had left, he was never able to steer the band back into a successful direction. He finally called it a day in 1987, and got a "real" job. The original members tried a brief reunion in 1988.
In 2007, the classic lineup reunited for rehearsals. They still had that spark, and planned to cut a CD in 2008 and play some gigs around the Netherlands and Germany. Though Ronald van Prooijen helped out, singer Shmoulik Avigal was asked to participate as well as Pete Lovell, the singer on the Eternal Dark album.
After the smoke cleared in 2008, a permanent lineup was established with Bechtum, Vreugdenhil, Bakker, Rob vanEnkhuizen, and Lovell. They are currently playing throughout Europe to very enthusiastic crowds. A limited edition live album was recorded at various venues and was released by the band. Plans were to release another album in 2009 with new songs, two of which have appeared on the limited edition CD.
The album Old Dogs, New Tricks was released on 1 October 2009, on the MarsMountains label. It contains 12 songs of all new material, released 30 years from when the band first formed.
On 18 December 2009, Bechtum announced his departure from the band. He was replaced by Peter Bourbon. In early 2010, van Enkhuizen decided to leave Picture. His replacement is Gert Nijboer. In 2011, Nijboer was replaced by American Mike Ferguson.
The lineup solidified with the two new guitarists and they began working on their new album which was released in spring 2012. Warhorse, written by all band members, brought Picture back into the limelight. They began touring again. Due to logistical problems, Peter Bourbon had to leave, but that spot was soon filled by another Dutch guitarist, Len Ruygrok. After a few months he decided to leave and former member Andre Wullems came back. The band continues to tour and solidify their reputation in the world of heavy rock and metal.
On 23 March 2016, Pete Lovell announced by Facebook his departure from the band to form his new band Lovell's Blade. Also, Andre Wullems and Mike Ferguson will join the new band. But all the so-far-planned gigs of Picture in 2016 were to be respected and performed by Pete, Andre, Rinus, Laurens and Mike. Nearly a day later, Rinus and Laurens announced that Picture would continue with the original members of the first line-up ever.
With Jan Bechtum and Ronald van Prooijen they start a classic line-up tour in 2017 and will celebrate the 40th year in existence in 2018! Guitarist Appie de Gelder is added as second guitarist to the line-up to make a richer live sound. They played the Sweden Rock Festival in 2017 for the second time since 2008. The 40th year in existence is celebrated with a live CD, 40 years Heavy Metal Ears.
In 2019, a new studio album Wings is released worldwide through Pure Steel Records. It contains ten new songs and is the tenth studio album of the band.
In February 2020 has been announced that a new singer, the Italian Phoenix Reborn took Ronald's place.
In 2020, the Corona pandemic limits the future of the band. Shows that will hopefully be done end of 2021 will be done by vocalist and old friend of the band Peter Strykes.
Members
Current
Peter Strykes – vocals
Jan Bechtum – guitars
Rinus Vreugdenhil – bass
Laurens Bakker – drums
Appie de Gelder – guitars
Former
Rob van Enkhuizen – guitars
Andre Wullems – guitars
Ronald van Prooijen – vocals
Shmoulik Avigal – vocals (died)
Bert Heerink – vocals
Pete Lovell – vocals
Phoenix Reborn – vocals
Chriz Van Jaarsveld – guitars
Henry van Manen – guitars
Harry Bruintjes – guitars
Peter Bourbon – guitars
Len Ruygrok – guitars
Gert Nijboer – guitars
Ronald de Grauw – keyboards
Jacques van Oevelen – drums (died)
Mike Ferguson – guitars
Arie van der Graaf – guitars
Timeline
Discography
Albums
Picture 1 (1980)
Heavy Metal Ears (1981)
Diamond Dreamer (1982)
Eternal Dark (1983)
Traitor (1984)
Every Story Needs Another Picture (1986)
Marathon (1987)
Live 2008 (2008)
Old Dogs, New Tricks (2009)
Warhorse (2012)
Live – 40 Years Heavy Metal Ears 1978–2018 (2018)
Wings (2019)
Live in São Paulo (2021)
Other
'80 Demo (demo, 1980)
Eternal Dark/Into the Underworld (single, 1983)
Limited Edition EP (EP, 1985)
Fantasies/Traitor (single, 1985)
"We Just Can't Lose" (single, 1987)
References
External links
Official website
Musical groups established in 1979
Dutch heavy metal musical groups
1979 establishments in the Netherlands
Musical groups disestablished in 1987
Musical groups reestablished in 1996
Musical groups disestablished in 1999
Musical groups reestablished in 2007
Pampa del Tamarugal ("Plateau of the Tamarugal") is a vast plain encompassing a significant portion of the Norte Grande, Chile, and originally named for the Prosopis tamarugo trees that used to cover its surface. It is located between the parallels 19°30' and 22°15' south latitude and is considered part of the Atacama Desert. It is bounded on the west by the Chilean Coastal Range and on the east by the western slopes of the Andes. The plain occupies a surface area of 12,500 km2 with an average elevation of 1,100 m.
Tourism
Among the major tourist attractions in the Pampa del Tamarugal are the world heritage site Humberstone and Santa Laura Saltpeter Works, the town of La Tirana, and the Pampa del Tamarugal National Reserve.
Gallery
See also
Pampa del Tamarugal Aquifer
Pulpería
References
Geography of Tarapacá Region
Landforms of Tarapacá Region
Atacama Desert
Forests of Chile
Plains of Chile
Rugrats Runaway Reptar was the name of several roller coasters which have since been renamed and rethemed. These include:
Flying Ace Aerial Chase, a steel inverted roller coaster at Kings Island amusement park in Mason, Ohio and Carowinds amusement park in Charlotte, North Carolina
Escape from Madagascar, a steel inverted roller coaster at the Dreamworld theme park on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia
Runaway Reptar was the name of a roller coaster which has been renamed and themed,
Woodstock's Express (California's Great America), a family roller coaster at California's Great America
, or simply Hagemaru, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shinbo Nomura. The series was published in the Shogakukan magazine CoroCoro Comic from 1985 to 1995. It tells the story of a young boy named Hagemaru and his ideas for saving money.
Premise
The light-hearted story revolves around a young boy named Hagemaru with notably thick eyebrows and an unashamed positive and upbeat attitude. It spreads focus on his greedy family and the slice of life adventures he has with his schoolmates, typically his best friend and teacher who are irked by Hagemaru's schemes and disruptive demeanor.
Cast
Noriko Tsukase as Hagemaru (episodes 1 – 37)
Kazuko Sugiyama as Hagemaru (episodes 38 – 52)
Jun'ichi Kanemaru as Masaru Kondou
Naoki Makishima as Pesu
Ginzô Matsuo as Homework Mask
Mariko Mukai as Aiko Hageda
Riyako Nagao as Kurumi
Ken'ichi Ogata as Yuji Hageda
Tomoko Ohtsuka as Mrs. Kondou
Yoshino Takamori as Sakiki Sakura
Media
Anime
Due to the popularity of the manga in Japan, an anime adaptation was produced by Shin-Ei Animation in 1988. It was directed by Hiroshi Sasagawa and was broadcast by TV Asahi from March 3, 1988, to October 6, 1989. The 58 episode anime series also became a big hit, and, because of its popularity, a game was also created for the Family Computer. Since then, Tsurupika Hagemaru has been aired all around the world.
In India, it was titled Hagemaru by Pogo TV and was dubbed into Hindi and a few other languages like Tamil and Telugu. The show later aired on Hungama TV from 10 April 2020 with the official title The Hagemaru Show.
The English dub of Hagemaru is considered lost media.
In Malaysia, it is aired by Astro Ceria. The official English title is Hagemaru the Bald One.
A 3D cartoon, intended as a soft reboot, was slated for 2021 but production status and release are still unknown.
Accolades
Tsurupika Hagemaru received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga in 1987.
References
External links
1985 manga
1988 anime television series debuts
1989 Japanese television series endings
Anime series based on manga
Children's manga
Comedy anime and manga
CoroCoro Comic
Shin-Ei Animation
Shogakukan franchises
Shogakukan manga
Shōnen manga
TV Asahi original programming
Winners of the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga
Guy XVII, Comte de Laval is a oil painting by François Clouet.
References
1540 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Paintings of people
Andaluces Levantaos () was an Andalusian-based electoral alliance formed by Más País, Andalucía por Sí (AxSí) and Andalusian People's Initiative (IdPA) to contest the 2022 Andalusian regional election. The alliance aimed at representing ecologist, feminist and social democratic voters.
Most of the alliance's members integrated themselves within the larger Por Andalucía alliance with Podemos and United Left/The Greens.
Composition
December 2021–April 2022
Since April 2022
References
2021 establishments in Andalusia
2022 disestablishments in Andalusia
Political parties established in 2021
Political parties disestablished in 2022
Defunct political parties in Spain
Political parties in Andalusia
Black & White is a non-fiction book written by Shiva Naipaul and published by Hamish Hamilton in the U.K. in 1980. It was published with the title Journey to Nowhere: A New World Tragedy in the U.S. The book is based on Naipaul's trip to Guyana in the aftermath of the Jonestown Massacre, and his subsequent trip to the United States, in which he explored links between the People's Temple and other groups and individuals. Naipaul attempted to connect Rev. Jim Jones, founder of the People's Temple, with disparate parts of California's counterculture, and Guyanese and other Third World governments and the revolutionary ideologies which supported them. Naipaul was highly critical of these and other movements, including black theology, the nascent New Age movement and EST, in as much as they helped, in his analysis, to create fertile ground for the People's Temple to flourish on the two continents. The book's US paperback cover tagline reads "How American ideas and ideologies led to the mass suicide of 900 people in Jonestown, Guyana."
Naipaul later told his father-in-law of the arresting effect that visiting Jonestown had had on him, saying that the dissipation of the earlier comic, lighter tone in his work was due to this experience.
References
Journey to Nowhere: A New World Tragedy, Shiva Naipaul. New York: Simon & Schuster, 1981. reprinted 1982 by Penguin books,
1980 non-fiction books
Books about California
Hamish Hamilton books
Works about Jonestown
Hosted by Duke University, the Duke Annual Robo-Climb Competition (DARC) challenges students to create innovative wall-climbing robots that can ascend vertical surfaces. The competition, which will be held on Duke's campus in Durham, North Carolina, will allow students to showcase their wall-climbing technology in an international forum and encourage students to network with industry leaders.
General Guidelines
The rules for design are very flexible in order to generate maximum technological creativity. The competition will evaluate each robot's performance in climbing a wall constructed of different materials and obstacles of various dimensions. Each student group will have an opportunity to practice with the wall prior to the competition. Judges will score each robot in five functional areas: utility, navigation, versatility, speed, and innovation.
The functional areas will specifically measure the robot's ability to complete the following tasks:
Utility: Carry a load in proportion to its own body weight.
Navigation: Climb the full length of the wall without touching obstacles on the wall.
Versatility: Climb up surfaces composed of different materials and constructed in various shapes and sizes.
Speed: Climb up the full length of the wall from bottom to top in any manner as quickly as possible.
Innovation: Demonstrate unique capabilities, innovative use of technology, general creativity, or style.
The Wall
The wall, as depicted in below, will be used to test the robot's performance in navigation, versatility, and speed. (The utility and innovation tasks will be performed independently.) The wall measures 9 ft (2.743 m) in height and 8 ft (2.438 m) in width. The wall is made of ferrous metal plated on plywood, and contains three sections composed of different materials and obstacles. The first section, closest to the floor, contain a wooden ramp surface, two obstacles, and one hole. The second section, in the middle of the wall, contains an acrylic glass surface and three obstacles. The third section, at the top of the wall, contains a flat piece of carpet, two obstacles, and a slit.
External links
Duke Annual Robo-Climb Competition
Robotics competitions
Cinema Village is a movie theater in Greenwich Village, New York. It is the oldest continuously operated cinema in Greenwich Village.
It was opened in 1963, housed in a converted firehouse on 12th Street.
Since the 1980s, It has been owned by Nick Nicolaou, a Cypriot immigrant who came to the United States at age 12. In 1975 at the age of 15, he began working at Cinema Village. In three years at age 18, he was a general manager. He later bought the cinema. Nicolaou's story is told in the film The Projectionist by Abel Ferrara.
Cinema Village is part of numerous film festivals, including: The New York Short Film Festival, The Manhattan Film Festival, The Other Israel, Workers United, Kino Film Festival, African Diaspora International, Winter Film Awards International Film Festival, Socially Relevant Film Festival, HUMP, Reel Recovery, Wildlife Conservatory, and Arab Cinema week.
See also
List of art cinemas in New York City
References
External links
Cinema Village - 22 East 12th Street Manhattan, New York, NY 10003 About Us - Cinema Village
1963 establishments in New York City
Cinemas and movie theaters in Manhattan
Repertory cinemas
Greenwich Village
Pierre Angelo Collura (; born 19 July 1989) is a Finnish former sailor, who specialized in the Laser class. He was born in Madagascar, and when he was four months old, a Finnish woman and an Italian man adopted him. Collura finished among the top fifteen sailors in the Laser Radial class at the 2005 ISAF Youth World Championships in Fortaleza, Brazil and represented his maternal homeland Finland in the senior Laser class at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Collura trained under the tutelage of his personal coach Alp Alpagut, while sailing separately for two different clubs at his parents' homebases, namely Lahden Purjehdusseura in Lahti and Circulo Vela Torbole in Torbole, Italy.
Collura competed for the Finnish sailing team, as a 19-year-old, in the Laser class at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Building up to his maiden Games, he stood thirtieth, well ahead of two-time Olympian Roope Suomalainen, to lock the country's Laser spot at the Semaine Olympique Française three months earlier in Hyères, France. Collura got off to a comfortable start with a top-ten finish on the second leg, but a double yellow-flag penalty saw him tumble down the scoreboard to thirtieth overall after ten races, accumulating a net score of 198.
Collura has dual citizenship of Finland and Italy.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Finnish male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Finland
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser
Finnish people of Malagasy descent
Sportspeople of Malagasy descent
Finnish adoptees
Sportspeople from Lahti
People from Antananarivo
Malagasy emigrants
Naturalized citizens of Finland
Naturalised citizens of Italy
The 2012 Atlantic Championship Series season was the first season of the revived Atlantic Championship. The series was organised by Formula Race Promotions under the sanctioning of SCCA Pro Racing. Hoosier was introduced as the series spec tire. David Grant racing for Polestar Racing Group won the championship. After this season the series went on probation to return in 2014.
Drivers and teams
Race calendar and results
Final standings
See also
2012 F1600 Championship Series season
2012 F2000 Championship Series season
References
External links
Official website
2012 Atlantic Championship Series on DriverDB.com
Atlantic Season 2012
Atlantic Championship seasons
Modou Lamin Jadama (born 17 March 1994) is a Gambian footballer who plays as a centre back for Hartford Athletic in the USL Championship.
He made his professional debut for Colo-Colo against Santiago Wanderers in February 2015 for the Santo Tomás Cup, which his team won by penalties. He has played 92 minutes in two matches of the 2015 Copa Chile of his young career.
Jadama signed with Hartford Athletic of the USL Championship on January 24, 2022.
References
External links
ESPN Profile
1994 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Colo-Colo footballers
Coquimbo Unido footballers
Hartford Athletic players
FC Tulsa players
Portland Timbers players
Portland Timbers 2 players
Atlanta United 2 players
Chilean Primera División players
USL Championship players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
African-American soccer players
American people of Gambian descent
American sportspeople of African descent
Sportspeople of Gambian descent
Soccer players from Atlanta
Association football defenders
Gambian footballers
Major League Soccer players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
SuperStar (previously known as Česko Slovenská SuperStar) is a joint Czech-Slovak version of the Idol series' Pop Idol. It was merged from Česko hledá SuperStar and SuperStar Search Slovakia, which previously had three individual seasons each.
The first season premiered in September 2009 with castings held in Prague, Brno, Bratislava and Košice. It is broadcast on two channels: «TV Nova» (Czech Republic) and «Markíza» (Slovakia) which have also been the broadcast stations for the individual seasons. Also both hosts have been their hosts countries before as have been three out of the four judges.
To legitimate a fair chance for each country's contestants to reach the final, twelve of the contestants will compete split into genders and nationalities in the semifinals, guaranteeing a 50% share for each country in the top 12.
Cast
Hosts
Key
Host of SuperStar
Judges
Key
Judges of SuperStar
Series overview
Color key
Season 1
The first series ran from September to December 2009. Twelve contestants made it to the finals. TOP 12 consisted of 3 Slovak boys, 3 Czech boys, 3 Slovak girls and 3 Czech girls. The first single recorded by TOP 12 is called "Příběh Nekončí / Príbeh Nekončí" (The Story Doesn't End) and it was composed by judge Pavol Habera (music) and Slovak poet Daniel Hevier. Every final night had a different theme. The audience could vote for contestants from the very beginning of the show, voting ended during the result show the following day. There were double eliminations in first two final rounds, with only one contestant being eliminated once the candidates became the TOP 8. All gender and nationality quotas are abolished in the finals.
Season 2
The second series ran from February until June in 2011. Twelve contestants made it to the finals. TOP 12 consisted of 3 Slovak boys, 3 Czech boys, 3 Slovak girls and 3 Czech girls. The first single recorded by TOP 12 is called "Nevzdávám" (Ain't Giving Up) and it was composed by judge Pavol Habera (music) and Slovak poet Daniel Hevier. Every final night had a different theme. The audience could vote for contestants from the very beginning of the show, voting ended during the result show the following day. There were double eliminations in first two final rounds, with only one contestant being eliminated once the candidates became the TOP 8. All gender and nationality quotas are abolished in the finals.
Season 3
The third series, which ran from February until June in 2013, was broadcast on Czech TV Nova and Slovak TV Markíza. The Judges were Czech/Polish singer Ewa Farna, Ondřej Soukup and Slovak singer Paľo Habera. The presenters were Zorka Kepková and Roman Juraško. Twelve contestants made it to the finals. TOP 12 consisted of 2 Slovak boys, 4 Czech boys, 3 Slovak girls and 3 Czech girls. The first single recorded by TOP 12 is called "Při tobě stát / Pri tebe stáť" (To stand for you). Every final night had a different theme. The audience could vote for contestants from the very beginning of the show, voting ended during the result show the same day.
Season 4
The fourth series was broadcast on Czech TV Nova and Slovak TV Markíza between August and December, 2015. The Judges were Ondřej Soukup, Marta Jandová, Klára Vytisková and Paľo Habera. The presenter was Martin "Pyco" Rausch. Eight contestants made it to the finals. TOP 8 consisted of 1 Slovak boy, 3 Czech boys, 3 Slovak girls and 1 Czech girl. The first single recorded by TOP 8 is cover version of Česko Slovenská SuperStar 2009 theme song "Príbeh nekončí" (The Story Doesn't End). Every final night had a different theme. The audience could vote for contestants from the very beginning of the show, voting ended during the result show the same day.
Season 5
The fifth season began in February on Czech TV Nova and Slovak TV Markíza. Paľo Habera remains as the judge, three new judges are Ben Cristovao, Katarína Knechtová and Matěj Ruppert. The presenters are Jasmína Alagič and Leoš Mareš (since Live shows). TOP 10 consists of 3 Slovak boys, 1 Czech boy, 1 Filipino boy, 2 Slovak girls and 3 Czech girls. Every final night has its theme. Audience can vote for contestants from the very beginning of the show, voting ends during result show on the same day.
Season 6
The sixth season started in the beginning of 2020 on Czech TV Nova and Slovak TV Markíza once again. This was the first season with 5 judges - Paľo Habera remains on the panel while he will be joined by Leoš Mareš, one of the former hosts of the show as well as Monika Bagárová, season 1 finalist who finished at 5th place. Remaining two seats on the panel will be taken by Marián Čekovský and Patricie Pagáčová. Final shows will be filmed live in Studio Jinonice in Prague. Contestant and production members from Slovakia were tested for COVID-19 before they crossed borders of the Czech Republic and after return they will take quarantine. Contesntat from the Czech Republic were tested in the Czech Republic and Diana Kovaľová who lives in Spain was tested in Spain. Also judge Pavol Habera was tested in the USA where he was during last weeks.
Season 7
The seventh season started in autumn 2021 on Czech TV Nova and Slovak TV Markíza once again. All judges from last season returned for the first time in history of the show - Paľo Habera, Leoš Mareš, Monika Bagárová, Marián Čekovský and Patricie Pagáčová. After one season without host, this role is returned and all live shows are hosted by singer and former judge from season 3 Ewa Farná. TOP 10 consists of 2 Slovak boys, 4 Czech boys, 2 Slovak girls and 2 Czech girls. Every final night has its theme. Audience can vote for contestants from the very beginning of the show, voting ends during result show on the same day.
Receptions
Ratings
See also
Česko Slovenská SuperStar: Výběr finálových hitů
X Factor (Czech Republic)
The 100 Greatest Slovak Albums of All Time
References
External links
Official Czech homepage hosted by Nova
Official Slovak homepage hosted by Markíza
2009 Czech television series debuts
TV Nova (Czech TV channel) original programming
2009 Slovak television series debuts
Czech reality television series
Slovak reality television series
Czech music television series
Slovak music television series
Czech television series based on British television series
Slovak television series based on British television series
5 is the fifth studio album by J. J. Cale. Released in 1979, it was his first album in three years. When the album was re-issued on CD, "Katy Kool Lady" was replaced by a new song listed as "Out of Style," though it was still listed as the former on the CD. "Out of Style" is also included on the 2007 album Rewind: The Unreleased Recordings under its proper title. There is still no U.S. domestic release of the song "Katy Kool Lady" on CD.
Background
By 1979, Cale had recorded four albums, his debut Naturally being the most commercially successful and containing the minor hit "Crazy Mama". While his albums did not sell in high numbers, Cale enjoyed great success as a songwriter when other artists recorded his songs, like Eric Clapton ("After Midnight" in 1970 and "Cocaine" in 1977) and Lynyrd Skynyrd ("Call Me the Breeze" in 1974), providing the Oklahoma singer with a degree of financial security to pursue his musical vision. By the time he recorded 5, Cale had also met singer and guitarist Christine Lakeland, and the LP marks her first appearance on his albums. In the 2005 documentary To Tulsa and Back, Lakeland says they met backstage at a prison benefit show featuring B.B. King and Waylon Jennings. Cale and Lakeland would later marry.
Recording
As the title suggests, 5 was Cale's fifth album with Audie Ashworth producing and was recorded in various studios in Nashville, where Cale was living at the time. Most of the tracks were recorded and mixed at The Lakehouse, Old Hickory, Tennessee. William Ruhlmann observes in his AllMusic review of the album that "As Cale's influence on others expanded, he just continued to turn out the occasional album of bluesy, minor-key tunes. This one was even sparer than usual, with the artist handling bass as well as guitar on many tracks. Listened to today, it sounds so much like a Dire Straits album, it's scary." However, Cale developed this intimate sound and refined it throughout the decade: a swampy mix of country, folk, R&B, jazz, and rock 'n' role-played in a restrained manner. Unlike on his previous album Troubadour, the guitar sound on 5 was very clean, with Cale ignoring the new disco and punk music genres trending at the time.
Thematically, the songs on 5 are dominated by lust, typified by tracks like "Boilin' Pot", "I'll Make Love to You Anytime" (recorded by Eric Clapton for his 1978 album Backless), and "Too Much for Me" ("She tickled my toe and she kissed my ear, told me not to worry, told me not to fear…"). "Mona" and the cautionary "Sensitive Kind" are more tender in tone, while "Friday" and "Let's Go to Tahiti" speak to the desire of escaping the monotony of working life. "Fate of a Fool" and the druggy "Thirteen Days" tell of the high and lows of being a touring musician.
"Katy Kool Lady" was co-written by Cale and Christine Lakeland, and it was released as a single with the non-album track "Jaurez Blues" as the B-side. "Sensitive Kind" was covered by Santana on their 1981 LP Zebop!. "Don't Cry Sister" was re-recorded in a rockier style by Cale and Clapton on their 2006 collaborative (studio) album The Road to Escondido. A live version of the song also appeared in 2016 on the album Live in San Diego.
Paradise Studios
The release of 5 coincided with a live session with Leon Russell, recorded at Russell's Paradise Studios in June 1979 in Los Angeles. The previously unseen footage was discovered in Nashville in 2001 and features several tracks from 5, including "Sensitive Kind", "Lou-Easy-Ann", "Fate of a Fool", "Boilin' Pot", and "Don't Cry Sister". Lakeland also performs with Cale's band. While living in California in the late sixties, Cale worked in Russell's studio as an engineer. The footage was officially released in 2003 as J.J. Cale featuring Leon Russell: In Session at the Paradise Studios.
Reception
Paste, All About Jazz, and Glide Magazine highly praised "Don't Cry Sister". From 1984 until 2004, the song appeared on the compilation albums Special Edition (1984, Island), Best of J. J. Cale (1993, Island), Anyway the Wind Blows: The Anthology (1997, Island), The Definitive Collection (1998, Island), Classic J.J. Cale: The Universal Masters Collection (1999, Universal), 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of J.J. Cale (2002, Universal), Singers And Songwriters: Pure & Simple (2003, Time), and The Ultimate Collection (2004, Universal).
Track listing
All songs by J. J. Cale, except where noted.
Personnel
J. J. Cale - guitars, bass ( tr.2 - 5, 9, 10 ), piano ( tr. 8 ), drums ( tr. 10 ), vocals
Christine Lakeland - voices, organ, rhythm guitar ( tr.4, 11 ), percussion ( tr. 10 ), piano ( tr. 10 ), acoustic rhythm guitar ( tr. 8 )
Billy Cox - bass ( tr. 1 )
Carl Radle - bass ( tr. 6, 7, 12 )
Nick Rather - bass ( tr. 8, 11 )
Karl Himmel - drums ( tr. 1 )
Kenny Buttrey - drums ( tr.3 )
Buddy Harman - drums ( tr. 6, 7, 12 )
Jimmy Karstein - drums ( tr. 8, 11 ), congas (tr. 6 )
David Briggs - piano ( tr. 6, 7 )
Larry Bell - electric piano ( tr. 8 ), organ ( tr. 11 )
Bill Boatman - electric rhythm guitar ( tr.8 ), fiddle ( tr. 11 )
Bill Kenner - mandolin ( tr. 12 )
Farrell Morris - vibraphone ( tr. 6 )
Sherry Porter - voices
Shelly Kurland - strings
Carl Gorodetzy - strings
Roy Christensen - strings
Marv Chantry - strings
Cam Mullins - string arrangements
George Tidwell - horns
Don Sheffield - horns
Dennis Goode - horns
Terry Williams - horns
References
1979 albums
J. J. Cale albums
Albums produced by Audie Ashworth
sv:5 (musikalbum)
Westerdale () is a scattered crofting village which lies on the River Thurso, located directly south of Halkirk, in Caithness, Highland, Scotland. The B870 road passes through the village.
The 14th century Dirlot Castle is located south of the village, and was the stronghold of the Sutherlands, Cheynes, Gunns and Mackays throughout its history.
The River Thurso flows past the village.
References
Populated places in Caithness
Kate Lloyd may refer to:
Kate Lloyd, character in The Thing (2011 film)
Kate Lloyd, character in Wire in the Blood
Katie Lloyd, character in Boston Legal
See also
Katherine Lloyd (disambiguation)
The 29th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1886 Nova Scotia general election, the 28th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 29th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1890 Nova Scotia general election, the 29th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 30th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 7th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1978 Nova Scotia general election, the 51st overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 52nd Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 29th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
HMS Trompeuse was a former French 16-gun brig-sloop, launched in July 1793, that captured on 12 January 1794 near Cape Clear Island. The British Royal Navy took her into service. As HMS Trompeuse she captured a small privateer and then grounded off Kinsale in 1796.
French brig
Trompeuse was being built as a privateer at Le Havre when the French Navy requisitioned her on the stocks and took her into service.
captured Trompeuse on 12 January 1794 near Cape Clear Island after a chase of about two hours and an engagement of 10 minutes or so. She was under the command of lieutenant de vaisseau Biller, who had been promoted from enseigne de vaisseau non entretenu while in command of Trompeuse.
Royal Navy
The Royal Navy commissioned Trompeuse in May 1794 under John Erskine Douglas, who was promoted Commander into her. He was promoted to Post captain on 19 June 1795.
In August Commander Lucius Dawson took command of Trompeuse.
In 1796 Commander Joshua Rowley Watson took command of Trompeuse.
Vice-admiral Sir Robert Kingsmill, commander in chief of the Cork station, on 11 June 1796 sent Trompeuse from Cork to assist and her prize after the action of 8 June 1796. On the way Trompeuse sighted two brigs. The nearest was a collier that the farther away brig had captured. Trompeuse recaptured the collier and then set off in chase of the collier's captor. At 10p.m., 12 June, Trompeuse caught up with her quarry, which struck. The quarry was the privateer Eveille, of six guns (four of which she had thrown overboard during the chase), and 100 men. She was 10 days out of Brest, and had early in the morning taken a Newfoundland-bound brig. Trompeuse brought Eville into Cork.
Before she was captured, Eville had captured Sisters, Pugh, master, which had been sailing from Ross to Newfoundland. The collier Trompeuse had recaptured was Renown.
Fate
Trompeuse grounded at Dudley Point off Kinsale on 15 July 1796. At the time of her loss all her crew were saved.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
1793 ships
Ships of the French Navy
Captured ships
Brigs of the Royal Navy
Maritime incidents in 1796
Paarai () is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film stars Sarath Kumar, Jayaram, Meena, and Ramya Krishnan. The music was composed by Sabesh–Murali. The film is the Tamil remake of the Malayalam film Mahayanam and was released on 13 June 2003. The film was a flop at the box office.
Plot
Durairaj (Sarath Kumar) is a lorry driver who is tough as nails. He had a bitter childhood, has no relatives or friends, and his only solace is Jayaram (Jayaram), his cleaner who is just the opposite of him. Jayaram is a happy-go-lucky guy who dotes on his wife Mallika (Meena), mother (Vadivukkarasi), and daughter, and dreams of making enough money to build a small house for his family. Durai and Jayaram share a special bond as they understand each other well.
On his way to see his family, Jayaram dies in an accident, and Durai goes to his village with the body. There he finds that Jayaram's family needs his help, and out of sympathy, he decides to settle there and build a small house according to his friend's last wish. There, he comes across a local landlord Vijayan (Vijayan), who cheats the illiterate villagers by giving them loans and later taking over their property. Then there is a tea shop owner Vasantha (Ramya Krishnan), on whom the entire men folk lust. But she is hardworking, and at the same time foul-mouthed and a terror. Vasantha's brother, who is in love with Vijayan's daughter, starts the fight between Vijayan and Durai. Durai works hard to make a house for Mallika, and when the villagers suspect his good intentions, he proves to them that he has a sisterly affection towards her, as he has a soft corner for Vasantha. As the fight goes on for Durai and Vijayan, Vijayan destroys the house that Durai built for his friends. Of this anger, he tries to get revenge. How Durai wins over the villagers and fights against injustice against Vijayan and his son forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Sarath Kumar as Durairaj (Durai)
Meena as Mallika
Jayaram as Jayaram
Ramya Krishnan as Vasantha
Vijayan as Vijayan
Mansoor Ali Khan as Vijayan's son
Vinu Chakravarthy as Chakravarthi
Ramesh Khanna as Barber
Chitti Babu as Sudalai
Vadivukkarasi as Jayaram's mother
Ajay Rathnam as Sub-Inspector
Sabitha Anand as Rukmani, Durai's mother
Crane Manohar as Seller
Dinesh Sha as childhood Durairaj
K. S. Ravikumar in a special appearance as supervisor
Ashok Raja special appearance in the "Aeroplane Parakkudhu"
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by Sabesh Murali, with lyrics by Vairamuthu.
"Aeroplane Parakkudhu" – Udit Narayan
"Naan Oru Kanaa Kanden" – Harish Raghavendra, Sujatha Mohan
"Kannukkul Tick Tick" – Karthik Raja, Pop Shalini
"Nanbane Nanbane" – Mano
"Vinayaga Vinayaga" – Anuradha Sriram
"En Thaai" – Krishnaraj
Reception
Chennai Online called it "absorbing and sensitively crafted".
References
External links
2000s Tamil-language films
2003 films
Films directed by K. S. Ravikumar
Tamil remakes of Malayalam films
Trucker films
Louis Pasteur University (Université Louis-Pasteur), also known as Strasbourg I or ULP was a large university in Strasbourg, Alsace, France. As of 15 January 2007, there were 18,847 students enrolled at the university, including around 3,000 foreign students. Research and teaching at ULP concentrated on the natural sciences, technology and medicine. On 1 January 2009, Louis Pasteur University became part of the refounded University of Strasbourg and lost its status as an independent university.
The university was a member of the LERU (League of European Research Universities). It was named after the famous 19th-century French scientist Louis Pasteur. Nineteen Nobel laureates and two laureates of the Fields Medal have studied, taught or conducted research at Louis Pasteur University, underlining the excellent reputation of the university.
Notable staff and students
Louis Pasteur (1822–1895), professor of chemistry
Adolf von Baeyer (1835–1917), professor of chemistry, Nobel Prize in 1905
Charles Louis Alphonse Laveran (1845–1922), medical student, Nobel Prize in 1907
Wilhelm Röntgen (1845–1923), lecturer in physics, Nobel Prize in 1901
Karl Ferdinand Braun (1850–1918), professor of physics, Nobel Prize in 1909
Hermann Emil Fischer (1851–1919), graduate student in chemistry, Nobel Prize in 1902
Albrecht Kossel (1853–1927), physician and biochemist, Nobel Prize in 1910
Paul Ehrlich (1854–1915), medical student, Nobel Prize in 1908
Pieter Zeeman (1865–1943), postdoctoral fellow, Nobel Prize in 1902
Otto Loewi (1873–1961), medical student, Nobel Prize in 1936
Albert Schweitzer (1875–1965), theologian, musician, philosopher, and physician, Nobel Prize in 1952
Max von Laue (1879–1960), undergraduate student in mathematics and physics, Nobel Prize in 1914
Hermann Staudinger (1881–1965), professor of chemistry, Nobel Prize in 1953
Otto Fritz Meyerhof (1884–1951), medical student, Nobel Prize in 1922
Alfred Kastler (1902–1984), graduate student in physics, Nobel Prize in 1966
Louis Néel (1904–2000), graduate student in physics, Nobel Prize in 1970
Laurent Schwartz (1915–2002), graduate student in mathematics, Fields Medal in 1950
René Thom (1923–2002), professor of mathematics, Fields Medal in 1958
Martin Karplus (1930–), professor of chemistry, Nobel Prize in 2013
Pierre Chambon (1931–), professor of biology, Lasker Award in 2004, Gairdner Award in 2010
Jean-Marie Lehn (1939–), professor of chemistry, Nobel Prize in 1987
Yves Meyer (1940–), graduate student in mathematics, Abel Prize in 2017
Jules Hoffmann (1941–), professor of biology, Nobel Prize in 2011
Jean-Pierre Sauvage (1944–), professor of chemistry, Nobel Prize in 2016
(1963–), undergraduate and graduate student in biophysics, Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences in 2022
Philippe Horvath (1970–), undergraduate and graduate student in biology, Gairdner Award in 2016
Yvonne Libona Bonzi Coulibaly, professor of chemistry, African Union Kwame Nkrumah Prize in 2013
Mounir Majidi
Points of interest
Jardin botanique de l'Université de Strasbourg
Musée zoologique de l'ULP et de la ville de Strasbourg
Notes and references
See also
University of Strasbourg
École européenne de chimie, polymères et matériaux, the European school of chemistry
External links
Official university website
1567 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
University of Strasbourg
Defunct universities and colleges in France
Educational institutions established in 1970
In statistical mechanics, the n-vector model or O(n) model is a simple system of interacting spins on a crystalline lattice. It was developed by H. Eugene Stanley as a generalization of the Ising model, XY model and Heisenberg model. In the n-vector model, n-component unit-length classical spins are placed on the vertices of a d-dimensional lattice. The Hamiltonian of the n-vector model is given by:
where the sum runs over all pairs of neighboring spins and denotes the standard Euclidean inner product. Special cases of the n-vector model are:
: The self-avoiding walk
: The Ising model
: The XY model
: The Heisenberg model
: Toy model for the Higgs sector of the Standard Model
The general mathematical formalism used to describe and solve the n-vector model and certain generalizations are developed in the article on the Potts model.
Continuum limit
The continuum limit can be understood to be the sigma model. This can be easily obtained by writing the Hamiltonian in terms of the product
where is the "bulk magnetization" term. Dropping this term as an overall constant factor added to the energy, the limit is obtained by defining the Newton finite difference as
on neighboring lattice locations Then in the limit , where is the gradient in the direction. Thus, in the limit,
which can be recognized as the kinetic energy of the field in the sigma model. One still has two possibilities for the spin : it is either taken from a discrete set of spins (the Potts model) or it is taken as a point on the sphere ; that is, is a continuously-valued vector of unit length. In the later case, this is referred to as the non-linear sigma model, as the rotation group is group of isometries of , and obviously, isn't "flat", i.e. isn't a linear field.
References
Lattice models
The George Atwater House is a historic house at 1845 State Street in Hamden, Connecticut. Built about 1820, it is a good local example of a vernacular Federal period farmhouse, with a well-preserved interior and unusual floorplan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Description and history
The George Atwater House is located in southeastern Hamden, on the east side of State Street (United States Route 5) near its junction with Hyde Street. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a gabled roof and clapboarded exterior. Unusual for the Federal period, its roof ridge is oriented perpendicular to the road, with the main entrance facing the street in the rightmost of three bays. The main roof gable is fully pedimented, with a half-round window at its center. The entrance is sheltered by an early 20th-century gabled portico supported by square posts, with a half-round transom-like pattern in its gable that stylistically echoes the window in the main gable. Windows are set in retangular openings, with projecting cornices above. The interior retains many period finishes, including a particularly fine carved fireplace surround in the main parlor. The interior layout is unusual because of the presence of an original single-story ell projecting to the north, where the kitchen was originally placed. A mid-19th century gabled ell also extends to the south at an offset.
The Atwater family had owned land in this area since the early years of the New Haven Colony in the 17th century, with early settler David Atwater owning hundreds of acres here. George Atwater, one of his descendants, built this house about 1820. After dying childless, the house and land passed to his nephews, and remained within that family until 1933.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Haven County, Connecticut
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in New Haven County, Connecticut
Federal architecture in Connecticut
Houses completed in 1820
Hamden, Connecticut
Pero Zubac (; born 30 May 1945) is a Serbian and former Yugoslav author, poet, screenwriter, academic and journalist. He is a member of the Association of Journalists of Serbia and the Association of Writers of Serbia. In 2021 he was awarded the Order of Karađorđe's Star.
Works
Tišina govori o ljudima, co-author, Klub mladih pisaca, Zrenjanin, 1964.
Nevermore, Matica srpska, Novi Sad, 1967
Razgovori sa Gospodinom, Kulturni centar Radničkog univerziteta, Novi Sad, 1971
Hoću: neću, Children's poetry, Opštinska zajednica kulture i Društvo književnih stvaralaca Zrenjanin, 1972.
Triptih (co-author with M. Antić, M. Nastasijević), Opštinska zajednica kulture, Novi Sad, 1973
Zakasnela pisma, „Stražilovo”, Novi Sad, 1973
Mostarske kiše, Radnički univerzitet „Radivoj Ćirpanov“, Novi Sad, 1974
Razlog blagosti. „Bratstvo-jedinstvo”, Novi Sad, 1975
Uzmorje, Matica srpska Novi Sad, 1978
Tito je naš drug, „Dečje novine” Gornji Milanovac, 1979
Što se Darja na me ljuti, Children's poetry, „Jež”, Belgrade, 1979, 1980
Neko drugi, Gradska biblioteka „Žarko Zrenjanin“, Zrenjanin, 1980
Ljuvene, „Mostarska komuna”, Mostar, 1980
Otvoreni san, „Minerva”, Belgrade, 1980
San im čuva istorija, narrative poetry, Kragujevac, 1980
Mostarske kiše i neko drugo more, „Mladost”, Zagreb, 1980, 1981
Pisma poverljiva, Children's poetry, „Jež”, Belgrade, 1981
Tito je naš drug, „Veselin Masleša” Sarajevo, 1982
Ram za sliku leta, „Mladost”, Zagreb, 1983
Vukovarski uspomenar, poema za svetilište u Dudiku, „OK SSRNH Vukovar”, 1984
Da ne čuje neko, Children's poetry, Detinjstvo, „Dnevnik”, Novi Sad, 1984
Dečje srce, Children's poetry, Gradska narodna biblioteka „Žarko Zrenjanin“, Zrenjanin, 1984
Miris bejturana, „BIGZ”, Belgrade, 1984
Pero Zubac o…, Children's poetry, Gradska biblioteka Zrenjanin, 1985
Postoji vatra, poema za svetilište u Sremskoj Mitrovici, Sremske novine Sremska Mitrovica, 1985
Pesmar, Znanje, Zagreb, 1986., Podešavanje čula, Forum marketprint, Novi Sad, 1988
Duša dečja, Children's poetry, Zrinski, Čakovec, Crvena zvezda-Agencija, Belgrade, 1989
Doba kiša. Zrinski, Čakovec, Crvena zvezda – Agencija Belgrade, 1989
Knjiga šutnje, Zrinski Čakovec, Crvena zvezda – Agencija, Belgrade, 1989
Kiše, „Beletra”, Belgrade, 1989
Mostarske kiše ili žeđ za jugom, „Dnevnik”, Novi Sad, 1989
Nokturno, Zrinski Čakovec, Crvena zvezda – Agencija, Belgrade, 1989
Sat srca, Zrinski, Čakovec, Crvena zvezda- Agencija, Belgrade, 1989
U modrom vrtu, Zrinski Čakovec, Crvena zvezda – Agencija, Belgrade, 1989
A šta ću ja, Children's poetry, Dragan Laković, Saraorci, 1991
Mostarske kiše i nove pesme, „Beletra”, Belgrade, 1993
Porodična večera, „Unireks”, Nikšić, 1993.
Deca rastu kao kuće, Children's poetry, „Unireks”, Podgorica, 1996
Deca mogu nemoguće, Children's poetry, „Unireks”, Podgorica, 1996
Budi prijatelj vetru, „Dečja literatura”, Belgrade, 1996
Zmajevci, Children's poetry, „Slovo”, Vrbas, 1997
Ovo sam ja, „BMG”, Belgrade, 1997
Let iznad detinjstva, „Smederevska pesnička jesen”, Smederevo, 1998
Ne šalji kišu, „KZ V. Mijušković”, Nikšić, „Oktoih”, Podgorica, „Libertas”, Bijelo Polje, 1999
Ptice u grudima, Children's poetry, „Srpska knjiga” Ruma and „Nolit” Belgrade, 2001
Tamne rime, „Čigoja”, Belgrade, 2001
Mostarske kiše, selected poems, „Srpska knjiga”, Ruma, 2002
Molitva za Slađanu Đorđević, „Stojkov”, Novi Sad,2002
Pesme iz šezdesetih, „Stylos”, Novi Sad, 2003
Pesme iz sedamdesetih, „Stylos”, Novi Sad, 2003
Pesme iz osamdesetih, „Stylos”, Novi Sad, 2003
Pesme iz devedesetih, „Stylos”, Novi Sad, 2003
Nove pesme, „Stylos”, Novi Sad, 2003
Kako se raste, „Portal”, Belgrade, 2004
Najlepše pesme Pera Zubca, „Prosveta” Belgrade, 2004
Baštovite pesme, „Srpska knjiga”, Ruma, 2004
Razlog blagosti, „Orpheus”, Novi Sad, 2005
Povratak Mostaru, „Art Rabic”, Sarajevo, 2005
Lijepo ponašanje, „Dis”, Čačak, 2005
Molitvenik sna, „Instel” Novi Sad i „Srska knjiga” Ruma, 2007
Kraljević i pesnik, novel for children, „Bookland”, Belgrade, 2007
Povratak Mostaru (i Mostarske kiše), sa objavljenim odjecima promocija u Mostaru, Sarajevu i Banja Luci, „Media invent”, Novi Sad, 2006
Mostarske kiše, „Žiravac”, Požega, 2007
Mostarske kiše, „Media invent” Novi Sad i „Srpska knjiga” Ruma, 2006, 2008, 2009
Mostarske kiše, „Admiral book”, Belgrade, 2009
Mostarske kiše, „Media invent”, Novi Sad, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2010
Lenka Dunđerska, lirska studija, „Media invent” Novi Sad i „Tiski cvet” Novi Sad, 2010, 2011
Perodije, „Vuk”, Loznica, 2011
Hor bečkih dečaka u sinagogi, „Prosveta”, Belgrade, 2012
Mostarske kiše, edition with translation in 14 languages, „Admiral book“, Belgrade, 2015
Pesmarica za Milenu, Children's poetry, Gradska bibioteka „Žarko Zrenjanin“, Zrenjanin, 2016
Glasovi u tišini, pesme, „Art Rabic“, Sarajevo 2017
Mostarske kiše, „Smederevski pesnički festival”, 2018
Izabrane pesme, „Gramatik“ Belgrade, 2018
Knjiga koja se još piše, 57 pesama, „Krovovi”, br. 96-100, Sremski Karlovci, 2018
Pisma D.T. Na nebesku adresu, „Prometej” – „ Instel“, Novi Sad, 2019
Klupko života, „Art Rabic“, Sarajevo, 2019
Mostarske kiše i neka druga zemlja, „Art Rabic” – „Mikulić knjige”, Sarajevo, 2020
Anthologies
20 pripovedača, dvadeset vojvođanskih pripovedača, Društvo književnih stvaralaca Zrenjanin, 1972
Romor ravnice, poezija pesnika Vojvodine, Centar za kulturu, Zrenjanin, 1974
Vojvodina peva Titu, pesme o Josipu Brozu Titu vojvođanskih pesnika, „Bratstvo jedinstvo”, Novi Sad, 1977
Slovo ljubve, Serbian love poetry, „BMG”, Belgrade, 1987
Uzalud je budim, Serbian love poetry, „BMG”, Belgrade, 1987
Pohvala ljubavi, Serbian love poetry, „BMG”, Belgrade, 1987
Velika tajna, Serbian love poetry, „BMG”, Belgrade, 1987
Pelud sveta, Serbian love poetry, „BMG”, Belgrade, 1987
Kao da sam te sanjao, anthology of world poetry about love, Gradska biblioteka, Zrenjanin, 1988
Ptica detinjstva, Serbian Children's poetry, „Jefimija”, Kragujevac, 1997
Zlatni stihovi, „Verzal pres”, Belgrade, 1998
Knjiga nežnosti, „Verzal pres”, Belgrade, 1999
Među javom i med snom, „Srpska knjiga”, Ruma, Serbian poetry of the 19th and 20th century, 2004
Sa one strane duge, anthology of Serbian Children's poetry, „Srpska knjiga”, Ruma, 2006
Pod jednom drukčijom zvezdom, vojvođanski pesnici o Vojvodini, „Srpska knjiga”, Ruma, 2008
Kad srce zasvetluca, anthology of Serbian Children's poetry, „Srpska knjiga”, Ruma, 2009
Prirodopis, „Bookland“, Belgrade, 2013
Dramas
Mudbol, co-author, 1968
Izbacivač, TV drama, 1979
Vratio se Nikoletina, co-author, 2000
Rodino dete, „Kliker“ 2001
Libretto
Banović Strahinja, 2001
Lenka Dunđerska, 2001
Milica SS, kći bregova, 2012
References
1945 births
Living people
People from Nevesinje
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbian male poets
Serbian male writers
20th-century Serbian poets
University of Novi Sad alumni
Moca selenaspis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1925. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is about 27 mm. The forewings are blackish with an elongate-oval ochreous-yellow spot beneath the costa near the base, and a shorter elongate almost adjacent the spot beneath it. There is a round ochreous-yellow blotch in the middle of the disc and the extreme apical edge is white. The hindwings are ochreous yellow, the base irregularly blackish, prominent in the disc, and sending a subdorsal streak into the terminal band. There is a broad blackish terminal band, the edge triangularly prominent below the middle.
References
Moths described in 1925
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of Asia
is a song recorded by Japanese singer songwriter Mai Kuraki, taken from her twelfth studio album Kimi Omou: Shunkashūtō (2018). The song was released on August 8, 2018 by Northern Music and served as the theme song to the animation Tsukumogami Kashimasu 8.
Track listing
Charts
Daily charts
Weekly charts
Release history
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Mai Kuraki songs
Songs written by Mai Kuraki
Song recordings produced by Daiko Nagato
Roundhouse may refer to:
Architecture and buildings
Types
Roundhouse (dwelling), a kind of house with circular walls, prehistoric and modern, all over the world
Atlantic roundhouse, an Iron Age stone building found in the northern and western parts of mainland Scotland, the Northern Isles and the Hebrides
Roundhouse (lock-up), a small jail
Roundhouse (windmill), the substructure of a post mill which encloses the trestle and forms a storage facility
Railway roundhouse, a building used by railroads for servicing locomotives
Roundhouse, or gin gang, an extension to a threshing barn
Australia
Round House (Western Australia), an historic structure in Fremantle, originally used as a jail
Broadmeadow roundhouse, a former railway roundhouse at the Broadmeadow Locomotive Depot
Goulburn roundhouse, a former railway roundhouse at the Goulburn Rail Heritage Centre
Valley Heights roundhouse, a former railway roundhouse at the Valley Heights Locomotive Depot Heritage Museum
The Roundhouse, an entertainment venue at the University of New South Wales
Canada
Esquimalt and Nanaimo Railway Roundhouse
United Kingdom
Roundhouse (venue), an entertainment venue and former railway roundhouse in Chalk Farm, London, England
Dagenham Roundhouse, a pub and venue in East London
Horton Rounds, a Grade II listed house in Northamptonshire, England, sometimes referred to as the Round House
St Giles's Roundhouse, a prison in London, England
That Roundhouse, a private eco-dwelling within the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park in Wales
The Round House (Outer London), a Georgian villa in outer London
The Round House, Stanton Drew, a former toll house in Somerset
Round House (London Zoo), a 1933 gorilla house in the Modernist style
United States
Round House (Barnstable, Massachusetts), 1930, a three-story wood frame round house
Round House (Connecticut), a rotating residence designed by Richard Foster
Round House (Somerville, Massachusetts)
Roundhouse Railroad Museum, now the Georgia State Railroad Museum, in Savannah, Georgia, United States
Round House (Los Angeles) or Garden of Paradise, an 1847 adobe landmark
Round House, the exercise term for a DEFCON 3 alert
Russia
The Round Houses in Moscow
Nicknames
Charles Koch Arena, Wichita, Kansas
McKenzie Arena, Chattanooga, Tennessee
New Mexico State Capitol, Santa Fe, New Mexico
Philadelphia Police Department headquarters, Pennsylvania
Elsewhere
Round House (Nunspeet, Netherlands)
Round House (Odessa), a historic building in Odessa, Ukraine
Arts and entertainment
Roundhouse (album), a 1990 album by Tar
Roundhouse (periodical), a magazine publication by the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum
Roundhouse (TV series), a Nickelodeon television show
Round House Theatre, a non-profit theater production company in Maryland
The Round House (novel), a 2011 novel by Louise Erdrich
Other uses
Roundhouse punch in boxing, delivered in a circular direction, instead of a straight line
Roundhouse kick, a martial arts technique
The 1979 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 29th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Ahli won its 8th title.
Teams
Map
League table
No them relegated because the Football Association decided to increase the number of clubs to 10 teams in the 1980 season.
Overview
Al-Ahli won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
S. A. Rajkumar is an Indian film music director He has made music for all South Indian language films in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, and Kannada.
Early life
His father was a vocalist performing in stage shows conducted by popular music directors such as Ilayaraja, Gangai Amaren, Deva among others. Rajkumar admired his father's musical career and developed an interest in music. It was his mother who encouraged his father to make him join music classes. Rajkumar underwent classical music training under the guidance of Subbaiah Bhagavathar for 3 years.
Career
After completion of his music training, Rajkumar started to organize musical shows on his own and was in search for film opportunities. Come 1987 and director duo Robert–Rajasekar gave him his first major breakthrough by signing him as the music composer for their film Chinna Poove Mella Pesu . Since then, Rajkumar has composed music for over hundred films in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu and Kannada language films. His compositions for the films such as Pudhu Vasantham (1990), Shruthi (1990), Poove Unakkaga (1996), Surya Vamsam (1997), Aval Varuvala (1998), Unnidathil Ennai Koduthen (1998), Thulladha Manamum Thullum (1999), Raja (1999), Vaanathaippola (2000), Vasantam (2000) and Priyamaana Thozhi (2003) have all been blockbuster musical hits.
Awards
1990 – Filmfare Award for Best Music Director – Tamil – Pudhu Vasantham
1990 – Filmfare Award for Best Music Director – Kannada – Shruthi
1999 – Filmfare Award for Best Music Director – Telugu – Raja
1997 – Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Music Director – Suryavamsam
Filmography
Tamil cinema
Telugu cinema
Pelli (1997)
Subhakankshalu (1997)
Suswagatham (1998)
Suryavamsam (1998)
Raayudu (1998 film)
Vaibhavam (1998)
Sneham Kosam (1999)
Manavudu Danavudu (1999)
Manikyam (1999)
Raja (1999) Filmfare Best Music Director Award – Telugu
Panchadara Chilaka (1999)
Preminche Manasu (1999)
Bobbili Vamsham (1999)
Kalisundam Raa (2000)
Ravanna (2000)
Nuvvu Vastavani (2000)
Maa Annayya (2000)
Ninnu Choosaka (2000)
Chinna (2000)
Pelli Sambandham (2000)
Ninne Premistha (2000)
Priyamaina Neeku (2001)
Simharasi (2001)
Eduruleni Manishi (2001)
Kalisi Naduddam (2001)
Naa Manasistha Raa (2001)
Maa Pelliki Randi (2001)
Akka Bavekkada (2001)
Deevinchandi (2001)
Shubhakaryam (2001)
Ninnu Choodalani (2001)
Daddy (2001)
Bharata Simha Reddy (2002)
Née Premakai (2002)
Siva Rama Raju (2002)
Police Sisters (2002)
Vasantham (2003)
Tiger Harischandra Prasad (2003)
Keelu Gurram (2004)
Kushi Kushiga (2004)
Puttintiki Ra Chelli (2004)
Cheppave Chirugali (2004)
Leela Mahal Center (2004)
Sankranthi (2005)
Naidu LLB (2005)
Rajababu (2006)
Andala Ramudu (2006)
Astram (2006)
Veedu Maamulodu Kaadu (2007)
Nava Vasantham (2007)
Gorintaku (2008)
Punnami Naagu (2009)
Maa Annayya Bangaram (2010)
Mouna Raagam (2010)
Jhalak (2011)
Mr. Pellikoduku (2013)
Kannada cinema
Shruthi (1990) Filmfare Award for Best Music Director – Kannada
Gowri Kalyana (1991)
Maduve(1997)
Jodi (2001)
Chandra Chakori(2003)
Rama Krishna (2004)
Kanchana Ganga (2004)
Jyeshta (2004)
Love Story (2005)
Sirivantha (2006)
Thandege Thakka Maga (2006)
Sevanthi Sevanthi (2006)
Thayiya Madilu (2007)
Preethigagi (2007)
Gokula Krishna (2012)
Malayalam cinema
Vesham (2004)
Villali Veeran (2014)
Television
2010 Kodi Mullai Onscreen appearances
Pudhu Varusham (1992) – guest role in song "Ovvorthanum Kaadhalikkiren"
Unnidathil Ennai Koduthen (1998) – himself in song "Vaanambadiyin Vaazhvile"Endrendrum Kadhal (1999) – himself in song "Nadodi Nanba"Ennavale (2000) – himselfPriyamanavale'' (2000) – himself
Singer
References
External links
Musicians from Chennai
Kannada film score composers
Living people
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards winners
Filmfare Awards South winners
Tamil film score composers
Telugu film score composers
1964 births
Mount Tokoroa () is a massive snow-covered mountain in Antarctica. It is on a spur of the Explorers Range, Bowers Mountains, standing 6 nautical miles (11 km) southeast of the summit of Mount Soza at the junction of the Morley and Carryer Glaciers. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Topo West party, 1962–63, and named by members of this party for the village of Tokoroa, New Zealand, in recognition of its kindness to United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) personnel.
External links
Mount Tokoroa on USGS website
Mount Tokoroa on AADC website
Mount Tokoroa on SCAR website
Mount Tokoroa area map
Mount Tokoroa on peakvisor
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The Journal of Planning Literature is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes critical review articles and abstracts of recent literature in the field of urban and regional planning. The journal's editor-in-chief is Rachel Kleit (Ohio State University). The journal was established in 1985 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Ohio State University.
Abstracting and indexing
The Journal of Planning Literature is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 3.15, ranking it 3 out of 40 journals in the category "Urban Studies" and 6 out of 57 journals in the category "Planning & Development".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1986
Business and management journals
Urban studies and planning journals
Neodymium(II) chloride or neodymium dichloride is a chemical compound of neodymium and chlorine with the formula NdCl2.
Preparation
Neodymium(II) chloride can be prepared by reducing neodymium(III) chloride with lithium metal/naphthalene or lithium chloride in THF.
Reduction of neodymium(III) chloride with neodymium metal at temperatures above 650 °C also yields neodymium(II) chloride:
2 NdCl3 + Nd → 3 NdCl2
Structure
Neodymium(II) chloride adopts the PbCl2 (cotunnite) structure. Each Nd2+ ion is coordinated by nine Cl− ions in a tricapped trigonal prismatic arrangement. Seven of the Nd-Cl distances are in the range 2.95-3.14 Å while two are longer at 3.45 Å.
References
Chlorides
Neodymium compounds
Lanthanide halides
Beclamide (marketed as Chloracon, Hibicon, Posedrine, Nydrane, Seclar, and other names) is a drug that possesses anticonvulsant activity. It is no longer used.
Uses
It has been used as a sedative and as an anticonvulsant.
It was studied in the 1950s for its anticonvulsant properties, as a treatment for generalised tonic-clonic seizures. It was not effective for absence seizures.
Interest in the drug resumed in the 1990s for its psychiatric properties as an adjunct in the treatment of schizophrenia.
Side effects
Side effects are uncommon but include stomach pain, nervousness, giddiness, skin rash and leukopenia. It is counter-indicated in breastfeeding as it is passed in the milk.
Administration and pharmacology
Administration is oral, though it has an unpleasant taste. It is quickly absorbed and elimination is renal and complete within 48 hours. Beclamide is possibly metabolized to 3-chloropropanoic acid in vivo, which binds to the GHB receptor.
References
The Medical Treatment of Epilepsy by Stanley R Resor. Published by Marcel Dekker (1991). .
Abandoned drugs
Anticonvulsants
Carboxamides
Organochlorides
L.A.'s Finest is an American action comedy crime television series created by Brandon Margolis and Brandon Sonnier; and produced by Sony Pictures Television. It is a spinoff of the Bad Boys franchise created by George Gallo. The series premiered on Spectrum on May 13, 2019. L.A.'s Finest is the first premium content show made for the cable provider and the debut of its Spectrum Originals banner of exclusive programming. The second season premiered on September 9, 2020. The first season of the series had its American broadcast television premiere on Fox on September 21, 2020. In October 2020, the series was cancelled by Spectrum after two seasons.
Cast and characters
Main
Gabrielle Union as Special Agent/Detective Lieutenant Sydney "Syd" Burnett, an ex-DEA agent who has transferred to the LAPD's Robbery-Homicide Division, and is Nancy McKenna's new partner. She is the sister of Marcus Burnett from the Bad Boys movies.
Jessica Alba as Detective Nancy McKenna, a working stepmother, and secretly a former career criminal when she was Nancy Perez, who is Syd's new partner in the LAPD. Prior to the LAPD, Nancy served in the U.S. Navy as an E.O.D. technician and was awarded both the Navy Cross and Purple Heart (per season 2).
Duane Martin as Ben Baines, a fellow detective and one of "The Bens"
Zach Gilford as Ben Walker a fellow detective and one of "The Bens"
Ryan McPartlin as Patrick McKenna, Nancy's husband, and a Los Angeles assistant district attorney who is subsequently named interim district attorney
Sophie Reynolds as Isabel "Izzy" McKenna, Nancy's stepdaughter and Patrick's daughter
Ernie Hudson as Joseph Vaughn, Marcus and Syd's estranged father and an ex-LAPD cop
Recurring
John Salley as Fletcher, a computer hacker that Syd knows from her time in Miami
Barry Sloane as Dante Sherman (season 1), the brother of club owner and gangster Ray Sherman who knows Nancy McKenna from her criminal past
Sabina Gadecki as Jen, a sex worker with whom Syd forms an attachment
David Fumero as Lt. Jason Calloway, an LAPD lieutenant with the Narcotics Division and a colleague of Syd's
Jordan Rodrigues as Arlo Bates (season 1), who works for crime boss Gabriel Knox and is tasked with finding the fentanyl that was intercepted by Syd
Joshua Alba as Nico Perez, Nancy McKenna's younger brother
Ciara Wilson as Letti Ramirez, Izzy's friend
Rebecca Budig as Carlene Hart (season 1), a for-hire "fixer" who secretly works for Gabriel Knox and pressures Arlo to find the missing drugs; she is also a suburban mom and possibly LA's biggest drug lord
Tamala Jones as Katherine Vaughn Miller (season 1), a jewelry store employee whom Arlo targets due to her surprising connection to Syd
Laz Alonso as Warren Hendrix (season 1), as Syd's former DEA colleague and lover
Curtis Harris as Justice Baines (season 1), Ben Baines' son and Izzy's friend
Jake Busey as Bishop Duvall (season 1), a crime lord
Adam Rose as Nathan Baker
Miguel Gomez as Ricky Leon
Taylor Black as Emma Mitchell
Kurt Yaeger as Clete Winslow
Beau Knapp as Malcolm Ward
D. J. Cotrona as Luca Verone
Timothy V. Murphy as Logan Kline
Kelly Rowland as Faith Baines, Ben Baines' wife
Notable guest stars
Zach McGowan as Ray Sherman, Dante's brother who owns a nightclub and is involved in criminal activities (in "Pilot" and "Con Air")
Rebecca Field as Alice Kensler, the drunk driver who killed Izzy's mother (in "Armageddon" and "Bad Girls")
Eddie Cahill as Michael Alber, director of DEA Special Operations (in "Armageddon" and "Bad Girls")
Sharon Lawrence as Gloria Walker (in "Beverly Hills Cops" and "Bad Company")
Orlando Jones as Lt. Marshawn Davis (in "Coyote Ugly", "Drum line","Deliver Us from Evil", and "For Life")
Kelly Hu as Angela Turner
Hayley Erin as Desiree Roberts (in Beverly Hills Cops)
Episodes
Season 1 (2019)
Season 2 (2020)
Production
Development
On October 25, 2017, it was reported that a television series spinoff of the Bad Boys films featuring the character Sydney "Syd" Burnett from Bad Boys II was in development. The pilot was set to be written by Brandon Margolis and Brandon Sonnier. Executive producers were expected to include Margolis, Sonnier, Jerry Bruckheimer, Jonathan Littman, KristieAnne Reed, Jeff Gaspin, and Jeff Morrone. Production companies involved with the series were set to include Sony Pictures Television, Jerry Bruckheimer Television, and 2.0 Entertainment.
On October 31, 2017, it was announced that NBC had given the production a pilot production commitment following a competitive situation where multiple networks had pursued the potential series. On January 18, 2018, it was announced that NBC had given the production an official pilot order. On February 2, 2018, it was reported that Anton Cropper would direct the pilot episode. On April 12, 2018, it was announced that the previously untitled pilot had been titled L.A.'s Finest. On May 11, 2018, it was reported that NBC had passed on the pilot and declined to pick up the production to series. The producers of the series were expected to shop the production to other networks.
On May 17, 2018, it was announced that Sony Pictures Television was in preliminary discussions with Charter Communications regarding a deal to pick up the series. By the end of the month, the talks had progressed to the point of serious negotiations. On June 26, 2018, it was announced that Charter Communications had given the production a series order for a first season consisting of thirteen episodes. On February 7, 2019, it was announced during the Television Critics Association's annual winter press tour that the series would premiere on May 13, 2019 with the release of the first three episodes. The remaining episodes were expected to be released on Mondays following the premiere via Spectrum's video on demand service accessible through their set-top cable boxes, along with the provider's iOS, Apple TV, and Roku applications. L.A.'s Finest is the first original television series produced by Spectrum.
The theme music for the series was composed by Laura Karpman.
On June 13, 2019, the series was renewed for a second season which was originally set to premiere on June 8, 2020, but on that date it was announced it had been pushed to "as-yet-[un]specified" date later in the year, in response to ongoing protests over police brutality. In August 2020, it was announced that the series would now premiere all thirteen episodes on September 9, 2020. On October 14, 2020, Spectrum canceled the series after two seasons.
Casting
Alongside the initial series development announcement, it was confirmed that Gabrielle Union would star in the series, reprising her role of Sydney "Syd" Burnett from the film Bad Boys II. On January 29, 2018, it was announced that Ernie Hudson had been cast in a series regular role. On February 15, 2018, it was reported that Zach Gilford and Duane Martin had joined the main cast. In March 2018, it was announced that Jessica Alba, Ryan McPartlin, and Zach McGowan had been cast as series regulars. In September 2018, it was reported that Sophie Reynolds had been cast in a series regular role and that Barry Sloane would appear in a recurring capacity. In October 2018, David Fumero and Jordan Rodrigues joined the series in recurring roles. On January 11, 2019, it was announced that Jake Busey had joined the cast in a recurring role.
Filming
Principal photography for the pilot began in early April 2018 in Los Angeles, California.
On February 21, 2019, executive producer and showrunner Brandon Sonnier was seriously injured during the shooting of a car stunt at the Port of Los Angeles when the vehicle accidentally crashed into the video village area of the set, which led to a partial amputation on his right leg. Brandon Margolis sustained minor injuries.
Release
United States
On February 7, 2019, the official trailer for the series was released. The series premiered on Spectrum on May 13, 2019. L.A.'s Finest is the first premium content show made for the cable provider and the debut of its Spectrum Originals banner of exclusive programming. In June 2019, Spectrum Originals renewed the series for a second season, which premiered on September 9, 2020.
In May 2020, Fox acquired the broadcast rights for the series' first season to fill in primetime broadcast hours due to production suspensions during the COVID-19 pandemic and premiered on September 21, 2020.
In January 2021, the first season was added to Netflix. The second season was added on Amazon in July 2021.
International
The series was syndicated for airing in the United Kingdom by Fox. In Canada, the series aired on CTV in Fall 2019. Outside North America, the series has aired in France on TF1, in Southeast Asia on AXN Asia, in the UK on 5USA, in Germany on AXN Germany and in India on Zee Café. The show premiered in Australia on 10 Bold on November 7, 2019 before joining catch-up streaming service 10 Play. The second season premiered in early 2021 on 10 Bold in Australia. All 26 episodes are available on 10 Play.
Reception
Critical response
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the series holds an approval rating of 24% based on 17 reviews, with an average rating of 4.56/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "A spin-off to nowhere, L.A.'s Finest operates on outdated sensibilities and wastes its talented leads' time—especially unfortunate considering Gabrielle Union's committed performance." On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 50 out of 100, based on 8 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". The series ranked 9th in TVLine's The 10 Worst Shows of 2019.
Accolades
References
External links
2010s American crime drama television series
2010s American LGBT-related drama television series
2010s American police procedural television series
2020s American crime drama television series
2020s American LGBT-related drama television series
2020s American police procedural television series
2010s American police comedy television series
2020s American police comedy television series
American crime comedy television series
American action comedy television series
2019 American television series debuts
2020 American television series endings
American action television series
Bad Boys (franchise)
Bisexuality-related television series
Detective television series
English-language television shows
Fictional portrayals of the Los Angeles Police Department
Live action television shows based on films
Spectrum Originals original programming
Fox Broadcasting Company original programming
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
Television shows filmed in Los Angeles
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Dorcadion fuentei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1899. It is known from Spain.
See also
Dorcadion
References
fuentei
Beetles described in 1899
Pierre Van Thielt was a Belgian archer. He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics, winning three medals, two gold and a silver.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Belgian male archers
Olympic archers of Belgium
Archers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Olympic gold medalists for Belgium
Olympic silver medalists for Belgium
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
James Duthie may refer to:
James Duthie (field hockey) (born 1957), British former field hockey player
James Duthie (sportscaster) (born 1966), Canadian sportscaster
Jim Duthie (1923–1972), Scottish footballer (Southend United)
James Duthie (rugby union), 1903 English rugby union international
Monjin is a digital interviewing and assessment platform, powered by artificial intelligence and has been described as a portmanteau of Skype and LinkedIn.
Monjin was founded in 2014 and is now driven by industry veterans Abhijit Kashyape, Avadhoot Deshpande Ashutosh Kulkarni and Aniruddha Fansalkar. The company led by Abhijit now has over 100 clients across the globe. In 2016, Monjin set up its operations in UK, USA and Sweden.
In 2017, Monjin partnered with Microsoft to create the first Azure-based aggregator platform, using in interviewers to create a global assessment standard.
References
Indian companies established in 2014
Business software companies
Cloud computing providers
Companies based in Pune
Computer companies established in 2014
Online companies of India
Software companies established in 2014
Supply chain software companies
Technology companies established in 2014
Microsoft
2014 establishments in Maharashtra
Lieutenant General George Lewis CB (2 May 1774 – 14 September 1854) was a career officer in the Royal Marines, active during the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812. He rose to the rank of lieutenant general and served as Colonel Commandant of the Royal Marines, Portsmouth Division.
Lewis was born in Stoke Damerel, Devon on 2 May 1774. He was the officer commanding the ship's complement of Marines on board during the Battle of Cape Ortegal in November 1805; the concluding action of the Trafalgar Campaign.
He first distinguished himself on shore while a Captain of Marines on , at the start of the Peninsular War. In July 1808, he disembarked at Figueira da Foz in the mouth of the Mondego River in command of a Marine detachment from the squadron, of upwards of 300 marines, in order to counter the French and to support the Portuguese.
He was present with several companies of Marines in the Netherlands from November 1813 to February 1814. This force was to become the third raiding Battalion; a precursor to the Marine Commandos of the 20th century. As the officer commanding this battalion, he prepared the battalion for deployment to North America, and accompanied them.
During the War of 1812, he participated in the Chesapeake campaign, and was present at the battles of Bladensburg and Baltimore, and the attack on Washington. Illness necessitated his departure from that theatre of war in November 1814.
Lewis became a brevet major and was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath, following his return to England in 1815. Further promotions followed, he became lieutenant colonel and 2nd Commandant and was promoted to Colonel Commandant of the Portsmouth Division on 10 July 1837, vice Colonel Commandant Harry Percival Lewis, retired. Hart's 1850 Annual Army List shows George Lewis as a major general on the Army list, having retired from the Royal Marines as a Colonel Commandant with full pay status.
He died in Stonehouse, Plymouth on 14 September 1854. The December 1854 edition of The Gentleman's Magazine carried a brief obituary.
Military promotions and distinctions
Second Lieutenant – H.M. Marine Forces, appointed on 23 April 1793
First Lieutenant – H.M. Marine Forces, 6 October 1794
Captain – H.M. Marine Forces, 1 October 1801
Brevet Major – (Army List), 6 June 1813
Companion of the Order of the Bath, 2 January 1815
Lieutenant Colonel – Royal Marines, 28 September 1826
"Lieutenant Colonel and Second Commandant" – Royal Marines, 16 April 1832
Colonel Commandant – Royal Marines, 10 July 1837
Major General – (Army List), 9 November 1846
Lieutenant General – (Army List), 20 June 1854
See also
Corps of Colonial Marines
Notes
References
Royal Marines generals
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Royal Navy personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
Royal Navy personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
British military personnel of the War of 1812
1774 births
1854 deaths
Military personnel from Plymouth, Devon
The Tower (XVI) (most common modern name) is the 16th trump or Major Arcana card in most Italian-suited tarot decks. It has been used in Tarot cards since the 15th century as well as in divination since the mid-19th century.
History
This card follows immediately after The Devil in all tarots that contain it, and is associated with sudden, disruptive revelation, and potentially destructive change. Some early painted decks, such as the Visconti-Sforza tarot, do not contain it, and some tarot variants used for gameplay omit it.
Early printed decks that preserve all their cards do feature The Tower. In these decks the card bears a number of different names and designs. In the Minchiate deck, the image usually shown is of two nude or scantily clad people fleeing the open door of what appears to be a burning building. In some Belgian tarots and the 17th-century tarot of Jacques Viéville, the card is called or ("The Lightning"), and depicts a tree being struck by lightning. In the Tarot of Paris (17th century), the image shown is of the Devil beating his drums, before what appears to be the mouth of Hell; the card still is called . The Tarot of Marseilles merges these two concepts, and depicts a burning tower being struck by lightning or fire from the sky, its top section dislodged and crumbling. Two men are depicted in freefall against a field of multicolored balls. Pamela Colman Smith's version is based on the Marseilles image, with small tongues of fire in the shape of Hebrew yod letters replacing the balls.
A variety of explanations for the images on the card have been attempted. For example, it may be a reference to the biblical story of the Tower of Babel, where God destroys a tower built by mankind to reach Heaven. Alternatively, the Harrowing of Hell was a frequent subject in the liturgical drama of the Late Middle Ages, and Hell could be depicted as a great gate knocked asunder by Jesus Christ. The Minchiate version of the deck may represent Adam and Eve's expulsion from the Garden of Eden.
Symbolism
The Tower is sometimes interpreted as meaning danger, crisis, sudden change, destruction, higher learning, and liberation. In the Rider–Waite deck, the top of The Tower is a crown, which symbolizes materialistic thought being bought cheap.
The Tower is associated with the planet Mars.
According to A. E. Waite's 1910 book The Pictorial Key to the Tarot, the Tower card is associated with:
16. THE TOWER.-- Misery, distress, indigence, adversity, calamity, disgrace, deception, ruin. It is a card in particular of unforeseen catastrophe. Reversed: Negligence, absence, distribution, carelessness, distraction, apathy, nullity, vanity.
Alternate decks
The Flemish Deck by Vandenborre () renames it ("The Thunderbolt"). It shows a frightened shepherd cowering under a burning tree split by a bolt of lightning while sheep graze at its base.
In Anne Rice tarot deck the Tower card depicts Armand in the Vampire Chronicles.
In X/1999, the Tower is Tokiko Magami & Tooru Shirou.
In the Mythic Tarot deck, the Tower is depicted by Poseidon.
In the Golden Dawn system it corresponds to the Hebrew letter Peh, and in the French system it corresponds to Ayin.
In the Twin Peaks tarot deck by Ben Mackey, the Tower card depicts the destruction of the Packard Sawmill from Episode 7.
References
A. E. Waite's 1910 Pictorial Key to the Tarot
External links
Major Arcana
Mars in culture
Fictional towers
Neguela is a small town and seat of the commune of Bossofala in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The lies 61 km northwest of Bamako, the Malian capital.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Blackett is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon, behind the southwest limb. It lies beyond the southeast outer ring of the immense Mare Orientale basin. The formation of that major feature has left Blackett deeply marked with ridge features trending from the northwest. Much of the crater has been shaped by the ejecta from Mare Orientale, particularly along the western half of the crater.
Overall this crater is heavily eroded, with several craters overlaying the southern rim, and smaller formations overlaying the western and northwestern rim. The interior floor has been roughened by ejecta, leaving only parts of the southwest interior in their previous relatively level and featureless condition.
The crater Stetson lies on the southwest rim.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Blackett.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
The women's discus throw event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 10 June in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Discus throw at the African Championships in Athletics
Milićevci () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 821 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The chestnut-flanked white-eye (Zosterops erythropleurus) is a bird in the family Zosteropidae. The species was first described by Robert Swinhoe in 1863. It is found in forests, and prefers rather deep mixed and coniferous forests.
Description
It is 10.5 cm in length and has a distinct chestnut patch on its flanks. The bill base and lower mandible may be pinkish. Its underparts are whiter. The similar Japanese white-eye is pale brown on its flanks.
Distribution and habitat
It is migratory, breeding in Manchuria and migrating to central China, the province of Yunnan and northern Southeast Asia in the winter. It is the most migratory species of white-eye. It breeds in poplar, alder and willow forests, thickets and groves, and winters in deciduous and evergreen forests, usually above 1000 m.
References
chestnut-flanked white-eye
Birds of Manchuria
chestnut-flanked white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Village Creek is a tributary creek of the West Fork of the Trinity river in Tarrant and Johnson county, Texas, USA. It is the main inflow of Lake Arlington. It is approximately long. Its watershed is approximately .
History
On 24 May 1841, the "Battle of Village Creek" occurred, in which a group of seventy men (including some Texas Rangers) under the command of Edward H. Tarrant, attacked three American Indian encampments along the creek. A monument to this battle was erected at the nearby town of Handley in 1936.
The work Springs of Texas notes that Tarrant attacked the communities while the Indian men were out hunting buffalo, and massacred women and children there.
Course
Its headwaters are in northern Johnson County, near Heiney Ranch Rd and FM 802 in Burleson. Flowing in a generally northerly direction through Burleson, it is joined by Shannon Creek from the west in Chisenhall Park, and turns northeasterly. Booger Creek joins from the west near I-35W and E Renfro Street. Quil Miller Creek flows in near the Johnson and Tarrant County line. The creek flows northward and is joined from the west by Deer Creek. Continuing north and northeast it enters Timberview Park from the south. Farther north it flows through Kennedale and enters Lake Arlington from the south just north of I-20 in Fort Worth. The last portion flows from Lake Arlington northerly through Village Creek Historical Area (and park) in Arlington, site of a battle. Following NW Green Oaks road it converges with the West Fork of the Trinity River.
Tributaries
Shannon Creek
Booger Creek
Quil Miller Creek
Deer Creek
Rush Creek
See also
List of rivers of Texas
References
Rivers of Texas
Tarrant County, Texas
La poliziotta della squadra del buon costume (internationally released as A Policewoman on the Porno Squad) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. It is the sequel of Tarantini's La poliziotta fa carriera and it is followed by La poliziotta a New York.
Cast
Edwige Fenech: Gianna D'Amico
Lino Banfi: Commissioner Scappavia
Alvaro Vitali: Agent Tarallo
Gianfranco Barra: Commissioner Nardecchia
Marzio Honorato: Agent Arturo
Franco Diogene: Joe Maccarone
Giacomo Rizzo: Cocozza
Sal Borgese: Pierre La Turraine
References
External links
1979 films
Commedia sexy all'italiana
Poliziotta films
1970s police comedy films
1970s sex comedy films
Films directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini
1979 comedy films
1970s Italian films
Junaluska (Cherokee: Tsunu'lahun'ski) (c.1775 – October 20, 1868), was a leader of Cherokee who resided in towns in western North Carolina in the early 19th century. He fought alongside Andrew Jackson, and saved his life, at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend during the War of 1812/Creek War. Reportedly later in life, he regretted having done so.
Although he was removed with most Cherokee on the Trail of Tears, Junaluska returned to North Carolina in the late 1840s. The state legislature granted him citizenship and some land near present-day Robbinsville. He was among the Cherokee who lived in North Carolina from the 19th century, and were ancestors to the federally recognized tribe of Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. This group organized in the 20th century.
Name and noms de guerre
Junaluska was born around 1775, approximately south of Franklin, North Carolina near present-day Dillard, Georgia. A few days after his birth, the cradle-board holding him fell over. He was called Gu-Ka-Las-Ki or Gulkalaski in the Cherokee language, meaning "one who falls from a leaning position".
Later as an adult, after an unsuccessful military venture, he was named Tsu-Na-La-Hun-Ski or Tsunulahunski ("one who tries but fails"). Junaluska described this warfare events by the term, Detsinulahungu (meaning "I tried, but could not").
Allies and enemies
Oral tradition has it that Junaluska met with Tecumseh in Soco Gap in 1811. This has not been verified. Junaluska is known to have informed Tecumseh that the Cherokee in his region would not join an Indian confederacy against the European-American settlers.
In 1813, when the Cherokee raised up 636 men against the Red Stick faction of the Creek Indians in Alabama, Junaluska personally recruited over a hundred men to fight at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The Cherokee unit was incorporated into the combined Creek-Cherokee-Yuchi-Choctaw army under the command of Brig. General William McIntosh, a "friendly" Creek from Georgia. Junaluska's actions turned the tide when he swam the Tallapoosa River, retrieving Redstick canoes in order to ferry the Cherokee to the rear of the Creek. He is also credited with saving Andrew Jackson's life during this battle.
According to the provisions of an 1819 treaty with the United States, Junaluska applied for of land at Sugar Creek near Franklin, North Carolina. When his land was usurped by white settlers, he moved to the remaining portion of the Cherokee Nation.
Contention with Jackson
Jackson reportedly met with Junaluska regarding the Indian Removal Act, but the president said, "Sir, your audience is ended. There is nothing I can do for you."
During the infamous Trail of Tears in 1838, Junaluska and many other Cherokee people were incarcerated and held in nearby stockades prior to the march. Fort Montgomery was located near present day Robbinsville, North Carolina. From this stockade, Junaluska and thousands of other Cherokee were forced to walk overland to the Indian Territory, in present-day eastern Oklahoma. Junaluska was assigned to a detachment led by Jesse Bushyhead.
About seven weeks into the journey, Junaluska and approximately 50 other Cherokee escaped. He and his band were soon captured and returned to the journey. After several years, Junaluska returned to North Carolina on foot. In 1847, after a plea by Col. William Holland Thomas, a white man who had been adopted into the Cherokee tribe, the state legislature rewarded Junalaska for his service. It granted him state citizenship and land near present-day Robbinsville, North Carolina.
Personal life
Junaluska married Ni-suh and had three children, boys Jim-my and Sic-que-yuh, and daughter Na-lih.
Junaluska died October 20, 1868, and was buried in Robbinsville. His grave was originally marked, in traditional Cherokee style, with a pile of stones. In 1910 the General Joseph Winston Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution (Winston-Salem) erected a monument at his grave site. A museum and memorial in his honor have also been established in Robbinsville in the 20th century.
Legacy
Numerous places and physical features have been named for this leader: Lake Junaluska, Junaluska Creek, Junaluska Gap, Junaluska Ridge, the Junaluska Salamander, and Mount Junaluska (now known as North Eaglenest Mountain).
A giant sculpture was installed honoring him, along the Trail of the Whispering Giants in Metro-Kiwanis Park in Johnson City, Tennessee.
During the American Civil War, the Confederate States Navy named one of its ships, the CSS Junaluska for him. It had persuaded most of the Cherokee and other nations of the Five Civilized Tribes in Indian Territory to become allies of the Confederacy. The tribes were highly decentralized, and not all people agreed to this. The CSA leaders promised the Native Americans to give them their own state if they were successful in the war.
References
The entry may be found here
External links
Picture & info Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokee page
1916 book about Junaluska
1770s births
1868 deaths
Eastern Band Cherokee people
People from Robbinsville, North Carolina
Cherokee leaders
Native American people of the Indian Wars
Cherokee Nation people (1794–1907)
18th-century Native Americans
Psycho Beach Party is a 2000 comedy horror film based on the off-Broadway play of the same name, directed by Robert Lee King. Charles Busch wrote both the original play and the screenplay. As the title suggests, Psycho Beach Party, set in 1962 Malibu Beach, is a parody of 1950s psychodramas, 1960s beach movies and 1980s slasher films.
Plot
Florence Forrest (Lauren Ambrose) is a Gidget-like character determined to learn to surf, and earns the nickname "Chicklet" from the surfer guys. However Chicklet begins displaying multiple personalities, experiences inexplicable blackouts, and fears that she might be the one responsible for a series of mysterious murders in her beachside town. The deaths are investigated by Captain Monica Stark (Charles Busch), who also suspects Chicklet's mother (Beth Broderick), Chicklet's best friend Berdine (Danni Wheeler), surfing guru the Great Kanaka (Thomas Gibson) and B-movie actress Bettina Barnes (Kimberley Davies).
Other characters include university dropout (and Chicklet's love interest) Starcat (Nicholas Brendon), Swedish exchange student Lars (Matt Keeslar), surfers Yo-Yo (Nick Cornish) and Provoloney (Andrew Levitas), Starcat's girlfriend Marvel Ann (Amy Adams), and the class "queen bee" Rhonda (Kathleen Robertson).
Cast
Lauren Ambrose as Florence 'Chicklet' Forrest
Thomas Gibson as Kanaka
Nicholas Brendon as 'Starcat'
Kimberley Davies as Bettina Barnes
Matt Keeslar as Lars
Charles Busch as Captain Monica Stark
Beth Broderick as Ruth Forrest
Amy Adams as Marvel Ann
Kathleen Robertson as Rhonda
Nick Cornish as 'Yo-Yo'
Andrew Levitas as Provoloney
Channon Roe as 'Wedge' Riley
Jenica Bergere as 'Cookie'
Danni Wheeler as Berdine
Nathan Bexton as T.J.
Buddy Quaid as Junior
Nicholas D'Agosto as The Counterman
Play and productions
The play was originally entitled Gidget Goes Psychotic, but the title was changed due to concerns about copyright. In the original 1987 production, Charles Busch played the role of Chicklet. Deciding that he might not be believable in the role of a sixteen-year-old girl ("while I can still manage, with the aid of a sympathetic cameraman, to play a sophisticated 25, 16 would be a stretch"), he added the character of Monica Stark to the movie.
After over 20 years, the play had its premiere UK production by Vertigo Theatre Productions in Manchester in March 2011. The production returned in August 2012 at Sacha's Hotel Ballroom. A production was held in Australia at the Bondi Pavilion Theatre from November to December 2012; productions also ran in Melbourne (notably at the Midsumma Festival) in early 2013, receiving generally positive reviews.
In Melbourne, Australia, there will also be another production of Psycho Beach Party opening in March 2021 by Essendon Theatre Company.
Reception
, the film holds a 55% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 33 reviews with an average rating of 5.55/10.
In a positive review, Stephen Holden of The New York Times states that the film "accomplishes what no stage production could. By assiduously copying the look and sound of those '60s movies -- the wriggling title sequences, the twangy surf music and the gawky gee-whiz screen acting style -- it definitively skewers the false innocence of American pop culture on the eve of the countercultural deluge. Most of the play's subversive humor has arrived on the screen intact." Los Angeles Times critic Kevin Thomas compared the film unfavorably to its source material, opining that it "has to be twice as funny a play as it is as a movie"; he further explains that "deliberate camp like this film presents a special challenge: It must generate and sustain a high level of energy or it will swiftly fall flat. The latter is too often the case here."
Praising the "strong women" of the film, Bob Graham of the San Francisco Chronicle also wrote that Busch (as Monica Stark) "captures the woman-alone-in-the-world toughness of the roles played by the stars he loves. It goes beyond camp. He is sincere." However, Graham reasoned that the film has "rough edges", despite conceding that "they probably work to this larky, cheeky picture's advantage". He subsequently notes that "In some instances, it's hard to tell the really bad acting from the intentionally bad acting." Dennis Lim of The Village Voice was negative, concluding that the film is an "awkward combination of garish set decoration and muffled humor" and that "the viewer is left to ponder the number of levels on which this counts as a pointless exercise—a parody of parodic movies, a deconstruction of transparent genres, [and] a self-negatingly knowing example of camp".
Soundtrack
The original motion picture soundtrack for Psycho Beach Party was released by Nettwerk Records under the Unforscene Music imprint on September 12, 2000.
Ben Vaughn – Main Title
Los Straightjackets – Tailspin
Ben Vaughn – Marvel Ann On The Prowl
Ben Vaughn – Wrestle
The Halibuts – Night Crawler
Ben Vaughn – Chicklet Meets Surfers
Ben Vaughn – Neenie's Famous Weenies
Hillbilly Soul Surfers – Cha-Wow-Wow
Ben Vaughn – Chicklet Learns To Surf
Four-Piece Suit – Bombasteroid
Ben Vaughn – Chicklet Wipes Out
Ben Vaughn – Mournful Surfers
Ben Vaughn – Romantic Beach Scene
Ben Vaughn – Kanaka's Shack
The Fathoms – Overboard
Los Straightjackets – Tempest
Man Or Astro-Man? – Mermaid Love
Ben Vaughn – P-S-Y-C-H-O (Psycho) End Title
Home media
The film was released unrated on Region 1 DVD on November 8, 2005, by Strand Releasing. The disc contains an audio commentary with director Robert Lee King and screenwriter Charles Busch, the theatrical trailer, and the music video of "Tempest" by the band Los Straitjackets.
A Blu-ray was released on August 18, 2015.
Censorship
The film runs for 95 minutes NTSC on its American DVD release, but the version that was submitted to the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) runs 85 minutes. It was passed uncut with a 15 rating. suggesting that it may have been pre-cut by TLA Releasing before submission. Similarly, the version submitted by Magna Pacific to the Office of Film and Literature Classification in Australia in 2001 ran for 84 minutes. The film was rated M in Australia, indicating that the film may not have been cut due to concerns over material.
References
External links
Charles Busch's website
2000 films
2000 comedy horror films
American films based on plays
American horror films
Films set in the 1960s
Plays by Charles Busch
Beach party films
Australian comedy horror films
2000 comedy films
LGBT-related black comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Blackburn with Darwen tPCT was an English National Health Service primary care trust, responsible for commissioning & purchasing of health care in Blackburn with Darwen in Lancashire. It came under the North West of England's NHS strategic health authority (SHA). It was abolished in April 2013.
History
Blackburn with Darwen PCT was formed in 2000 by order of the Secretary of State for Health Alan Milburn by means of the National Health Service Act 1977, and is co-terminus with Blackburn with Darwen Borough Council. It became a teaching PCT in 2007, having survived a series of mergers intact.
Between 1982 and 1994 the local healthcare fundholders for this area was known as the Blackburn, Hyndburn and Ribble Valley District Health Authority, which came under the Lancashire Area Health Authority (which has now been replaced by the North West Region SHA). It was then reorganised into part of the East Lancashire District Health Authority. Under this administration, the function of fundholders was known as the Blackburn with Darwen primary care group sub committee, before being replaced yet again by the creation of the present trust in 2000.
Responsibilities
The PCT served a population of approximately 163,000 people and had three core responsibilities:
Engaging with its local population to improve health and well-being.
To collaborate with GP's to commission a comprehensive equitable range of high quality, responsive and efficient where this gives the best value.
To directly provide high quality, responsive and efficient services where this gives the best value.
Geographical spread
The Trust was responsible for the commissioning of healthcare on all of the following sites:
Source: Department of Health. NHS Choices: Blackburn With Darwen PCT
Public Health Strategy
The Blackburn with Darwen area suffers from severe health inequalities., in particular there have been reports of an increase in cases of rickets in the area.
In response to this the Living Better, Living Longer strategy was launched in 2007.
The purpose of the strategy is to:
Encourage the Trust, its partners and the population of Blackburn with Darwen to do what it can to live better and longer lives
To identify what needs to happen with an implementation plan that will make a positive impact on the health and well-being of the Blackburn with Darwen population.
This is accomplished by a process called commissioning. This is defined as: The strategic activity of assessing needs, resources and current services, and developing a strategy to make the best use of available resources to meet identified needs.
Once this has been completed, the actual purchasing of health services needed to meet the needs and priorities identified can go a head. The definition used for purchasing is: The operational activity set within the context of commissioning, of applying resources to buy services to meet needs, either at a macro/population level or at a micro/individual level.
The Jarman Centre
The Jarman Centre, a facility of the Teaching PCT, located on James Street Blackburn was one of the first Health Promotion Units in England to respond to the public health challenges of HIV / AIDS. Under the direction of Peter Cash, the Jarman Centre was at the forefront of innovative approaches to combat the spread of HIV infections. It promoted primary and secondary prevention initiatives in the field of sexual health and substance misuse; both recognised as key transmission routes for HIV and other blood-borne viruses such as hepatitis B and hepatitis C. Through primary prevention initiatives the Jarman Centre established comprehensive training programmes aimed at improving the awareness and education of public and voluntary sector workers around substance misuse and sexual health issues which affect individuals and communities. It also established effective education and prevention programmes with service users, including the development of comprehensive harm reduction services and client education interventions. These continue to this day, and are continually reviewed and assessed to ensure that current projects are relevant to the health needs of the community.
Examples of current work include: outreach initiatives to provide hepatitis B vaccination to the homeless, sex worker targeted outreach, [led by Danny Leech and the NX team] including engagement with injectors of performance-enhancing drugs to raise awareness of the many potentially serious health and social consequences of misuse and the development of an interactive distance learning resource to raise awareness of primary and secondary prevention issues in relation to hepatitis C.
Another important aspect of Jarman Centre work is inter-agency collaboration with other key services across Blackburn with Darwen and East Lancashire. In this regard the Jarman Centre has over recent years organised and delivered a range of seminars and conferences covering issues such as effective responses to cannabis use, vascular care of injecting drug users, HIV prevention in the community whilst also developing inter agency harm reduction strategies to tackle substance misuse across Blackburn with Darwen and east Lancashire. The Jarman Centre has recently been commissioned to provide a comprehensive harm reduction service for injecting drug users based at Burnley House, Westgate, Burnley. This mirrors the harm reduction service operating from the Jarman Centre in Blackburn. All the pharmacy based needle exchange programmes across Blackburn with Darwen and East Lancashire are co-ordinated by the Jarman Centre.
Monitoring and Assessment of Services
The PCT is also responsible for monitoring and assessment of these services whilst they are being provided to ensure that the service providers are adhering to the plan laid out, to the agreed standards of care and are providing value for money.
References
External links
Blackburn with Darwen tPCT website. Accessed 2007-01-17
Blackburn with Darwen Health and Wellbeing website. Accessed 2007-01-17
The Patient and Public Involvement (PPI) Forum: Blackburn with Darwen. Accessed 2007-01-17
Department of Health Performance Tables (2006). Blackburn With Darwen PCT – Ordinary and Day Case Admissions Combined. Accessed 2007-01-18
Defunct NHS trusts
Organisations based in Lancashire
Health in Lancashire
Blackburn
Lee Jeloscek is an Australian journalist. He is a former reporter for Seven News in Sydney.
Career
His career began in 1999, working at The Advertiser newspaper in Adelaide. He maintained his position there for nearly five years.
He also worked in London. Jeloscek started working as a court reporter with Seven News in Sydney in 2003.
As part of a team of four Seven journalists, Jeloscek won the prestigious Walkley Award for Television News Reporting, for a story on NSW Government support of ethanol. In 2014, he was nominated for a Kennedy Award in the category of outstanding political reporting.
While In 2016, he became the first Sydney journalist to do a live cross from inside a bus.
Personal life
Jeloscek grew up in Adelaide, Australia. He married Sally Cummine on 4 October 2015 in Killcare, New South Wales. They met in 2010 at NSW Parliament House.
Controversies
On 19 May 2011, Jeloscek was hung up on during a phone interview with popular shock jock Ray Hadley on Sydney radio station 2GB. Hadley took offence that Jeloscek wanted to correct something he asserted was suggested on-air before the interview began, and Hadley cut off Jeloscek mid-sentence.
Chief of staff to then Finance Minister Greg Pearce, Jo McCafferty, was involved in an altercation with Jeloscek at a drinks function in which a "dishevelled" McCafferty called Jeloscek a "bottom feeder". The incident reportedly related to a recent Seven News story criticising Greg Pearce.
References
Australian journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Livemocha was an online language learning community, providing instructional materials in 38 languages and a platform for speakers to interact with and help each other learn new languages. According to the site, it had approximately 12 million registered members from 196 countries around the globe. It was free to join and use; however, it offered the option to pay for various benefits. In 2012, 400,000 users visited the site daily.
The company was founded in 2007 by Raghav Kher, Shirish Nadkarni and Krishnan Seshadrinathan. They conceived the idea for a web-based approach which utilized the power of social networking sites for language learning, with an emphasis on active participation and exchange in order to hone practical skills and conversational fluency. The name "Livemocha" was coined by the founders during a brainstorming session at a local café, and was meant to evoke the relaxed atmosphere of a coffee shop. On June 8, 2010, Michael Schutzler was announced as the new CEO. Their headquarters were in Seattle, Washington.
The site received attention from trade publications and national and international newspapers, including the New York Times and the Financial Times. Time magazine named Livemocha one of its 50 Best Websites in 2010.
On April 2, 2013, Rosetta Stone announced that it had acquired Livemocha. Shortly afterwards, the Livemocha website required users' computers to have proprietary operating system Windows or macOS, blocking access from free software operating systems. On January 8, 2014, Livemocha closed access to its legacy website.
In 2016, Livemocha's website posted an announcement saying
Basic courses
Livemocha supported 38 languages: English, Arabic, Bulgarian, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Dutch, Estonian, Persian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Icelandic, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Mandarin Chinese, Norwegian (Bokmål), Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, and Esperanto, which was the most recent addition.
The site could be viewed in 12 different languages: English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Mandarin Chinese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, and Turkish.
Free basic courses were offered in all the above languages, consisting of roughly 30–50 hours of coursework. Several languages, like Lithuanian and Brazilian Portuguese, were first added to Livemocha through the process of "Member Translation": members fluent in two or more languages could translate already available course materials into their native tongue and publish the results on the site, with other users rating and improving the translations.
Active courses
More advanced courses—called "Active Courses"—were available in five languages: English, French, German, Italian and Spanish. These courses required a monthly or annual fee and were intended to achieve conversational fluency. Instead of signing up for one particular course, users could opt to purchase the "Gold Key" which granted unlimited access to premium or paid content. The active courses proceeded through four levels of proficiency, and included reading, writing, speaking, and listening exercises.
Peer feedback
Each reviewer earned 20 tokens for reviewing a user's submission. The reviewer could earn an extra 10 tokens for the first review of the passage or conversation. The writing was rated using three criteria: spelling, proficiency, and grammar. The speaking was rated using two criteria: pronunciation and proficiency. Each submission from a basic course for peer review cost 120 tokens.
Member reviews
Completed exercises from both basic and active courses could be sent out for review by other members (native or fluent speakers), who provided feedback and tips. Members could also pay for "Expert Reviews" from language teachers that had been certified by Livemocha for 120 tokens. The user could rate the quality of these reviews, and choose to work with a particular expert reviewer. Private instruction sessions, conducted via video chat with a selected tutor, were also available for purchase.
Members earned "Mochapoints" by completing exercises and reviewing other people's submissions. These points are not to be confused with the tokens. The tokens were earned for rating other people's submissions, or from paying a set fee in real life currency for a certain number of tokens. Mochapoints were a way to keep track of one's progress and to compare the amount of time a user has put into the website compared to others. A user gained Mochapoints for entering submissions, grading other people's submissions, chatting with other users, etc. They could not be spent for content access in the same way that the tokens could be.
Language learning and social networks
Livemocha called itself the largest language learning community in the world. In many ways it operated like a social networking site, and the basic ethos of the system was peer-to-peer: registered members could engage in synchronous and asynchronous communication, make a personal profile, connect with a circle of friends, upload content (there was a page dedicated to cultural exchange), contribute translations and help expand the base of available languages, and review other members' work, such as recorded dialogues from lessons. It was referred to as "the Facebook of foreign languages," and its potential impact on conventional language teaching compared to that of Wikipedia on the traditional encyclopedia. One reviewer of the site observed, "With its unparalleled ability to connect people throughout the world, [the Internet] is changing the way that many people learn languages. There is still no way to avoid the hard slog through vocabulary lists and grammar rules, but the books, tapes and even CDs of yesteryear are being replaced by e-mail, video chats and social networks."
Partnership in Brazil
In September 2011, Livemocha announced a partnership with the Brazilian education company Abril Educação, part of the media conglomerate Grupo Abril, which purchased a 5.9% stake in the company. Abril Educação promoted Livemocha to consumers and organizations throughout Brazil, with the aim of catering to the rising demand for language education and helping the country prepare to host the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Olympics. In January 2011, Livemocha announced an agreement with Telefônica Brasil to offer its Internet customers discounted pricing on Livemocha's English courses.
Public libraries
Access to Livemocha's courses was available for free through a number of public libraries in the US that subscribe to the site, including the Seattle Public Library.
Finance
Livemocha was a privately held company. In 2011, it raised 5 million dollars in venture capital. In previous years it raised 14 million dollars from investors August Capital and Maveron.
See also
Babbel
Busuu
Lang-8
Community language learning
Language education
References
Further reading
Social networking language-learning websites
Internet properties established in 2007
Defunct social networking services
Language learning software
Multilingual websites
Organizations based in Seattle
Internet properties disestablished in 2016
American educational websites
Aliʻi Drive is the main street of Kailua-Kona, Island of Hawaii, United States.
In General
Aliʻi Drive is the main street of Kailua-Kona on the western side of Island of Hawaii, United States. It is a coastal road that faces the Bay of Kailua, which is home to many historical sites, resort hotels, souvenir shops, markets and churches. Aliʻi Drive extends 12.5 miles south from the intersection of Kuakini Highway, just north of Kailua Pier in Kailua Kona, to the intersection of Hawaii Belt Road in Captain Cook, Hawaii. Ali'i Drive used to be 5.9 miles long, ending at the Keauhou Shopping Center in Keauhou. In 2013 the Hawaii County Council changed the name of contiguous Mamalahoa Bypass Rd. to Ali't Drive, thus extending Ali'i Drive length by 6.6 miles.
The northern part of Ali'i Drive in Kailua Kona is the busiest. At Kailua Pier, passengers from cruise ships come ashore by launches. Along the road are souvenir shops for tourists as well as local businesses, a farmers' market and many resort hotels of varying sizes, such as King Kamehameha's Kona Beach Hotel. The historical sites are: Ahuena Heiau where King Kamehameha spent his retired life, the Hulihee Palace which was used by the royal family of the Hawaiian Kingdom, Mokuaikaua Church which was the first church in Hawaii, and St. Michael's Catholic Church. The southerly part of Ali'i Drive south of Keauhou is largely rural and passes through agricultural lands and cattle ranches.
See also
Aliʻi, a Polynesian word meaning chiefly status
References
Shopping districts and streets in the United States
Hawaii (island)
Kailua-Kona, Hawaii
Howard Burns is professor emeritus of architectural history at the Scuola Normale Superiore, Pisa. He has also lectured at the Courtauld Institute of Art and was Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge 1977-78. He is a specialist in the architecture of Andrea Palladio and is a member of the Accademia Olimpica and the Accademia di San Luca.
Biography
Burns was born in 1939 in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Education
He attended Westminster School in London and moved on to study history at King's College, Cambridge, where he was awarded a B.A. At Cambridge he co-edited Delta magazine with Simon Gray, the now famous playwright. Two influences during Burns' undergraduate years were the lecturer John Saltmarsh, whose specialism was in medieval economic and social history, and the scholar, Robert Ralph Bolgar, author of The Classical Heritage.
Burns focused on Renaissance architects and their study of the antique for his postgraduate studies at the Courtauld Institute of Art, London. He was supervised by Peter Murray who, at the time, was Librarian at the Conway Library.
Academic life
By the late 1960s Burns was teaching History of Art at Cambridge University using his own colour images of Italian architecture in his lectures. Anthony Blunt, Director of the Courtauld Institute, came to hear of Burns' talent and encouraged him to teach at the Courtauld. By 1969 he was a lecturer there and this brought him into contact with a number of eminent art historians. such as John Shearman, Michael Hirst and Jennifer Fletcher. In 1986 Burns moved to a professorship at Harvard University in the Graduate School of Design. Italy, long his passion, became Burns' next destination taking a professorial position at the University of Ferrara in 1994. A year later he went over to the University of Venice. In 1993 Burns was appointed “Presidente of the Consiglio Scientifico of CISAAP, the Palladio Centre in Vicenza. Burns' most recent post has been to a chair in architectural history at the Scoula Normale Superiore di Pisa.
Burns is still active. He gave a lecture entitled ‘Unforced Elegance' held the Art History Institute, Florence on 25 November 2019 and was due to appear at the 33rd International Seminar on the History of Architecture, Naples and the Renaissance, at CISAAP, Andrea Palladio, Vicenza, between 18–20 May 2020. A short video clip of Burns discussing Palladio's relevance today gives some insight into Burns' expertise on the great architect.
Legacy
Burns has another connection to the Conway Library at the Courtauld Institute, London. As part of a wider project, 'Courtauld Connects', the Library's collection of over a million photographic prints, glass and film negatives are currently being digitised. Photographs attributed to Burns are to be found amongst them.
Curated exhibitions
Palladio, London, 1975.
Raphael, Rome, 1984.
Giulio Romano, Mantua, 1989.
Francesco di Giorgio, Siena, 1993.
Palladio, Vicenza, London (Royal Academy), Barcelona and Madrid, 2008/09. (with Guido Beltramini)
Selected publications
Andrea Palladio 1508-1580: The portico and the farmyard. Arts Council of Great Britain, 1975.
Palladio and Northern Europe: Books, travellers, architects. Skira Editore, 1999. (With Guido Beltramini)
Palladio. Royal Academy of Arts, London, 2009. (With Guido Beltramini)
La villa italiana del Rinascimento. Forme e funzioni delle residenze di campagna, dal castello alla villa palladiana. Colla Editore, 2012.
References
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Academics of the Courtauld Institute of Art
Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa faculty
British architectural historians
British art historians
Joel Munsell (born Northfield, Massachusetts, 14 April 1808; died Albany, New York, 15 January 1880) was a United States printer, publisher and author.
Biography
He established himself as a printer in Albany in 1827. He edited and published the Albany Minerva in 1828, was associate editor of the Microscope in 1834, and was publisher and editor of the New York State Mechanic from 1841 to 1843. Subsequently, he published The Lady's Magazine, the Northern Star and Freeman's Advocate, The Spectator, the Unionist, the Albany Daily State Register, the Guard, The New York Teacher, the Morning Express and Statesman, Webster's Almanac, The Daily Statesman, and for three years the New England Historical and Genealogical Register.
Munsell made a close study of the craft of printing, in its history and application, and his collection of works on the subject, the largest in America, was in part purchased by New York State for the New York State Library. His printing and publishing business was continued by his sons.
He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1854.
Publications
He contributed papers to the Transactions of the Albany Institute, of which he was a founder, and published:
'[https://catalog.hathitrust.org/Record/008609075 'Outline of the History of Printing] (1839)
Annals of Albany (1849–59)The Typographical Miscellany (1850)
Chronology of Paper and Paper-Making (1857; enlarged 1870)
Every-Day Book of History and Chronology (1858, 1st edition)
Manual of the First Lutheran Church of Albany, 1670-1870 (1871)
Woodworth's Reminiscences of the City of Troy
Among his contributions to American historical literature was the “Historical Series” (10 vols., Albany, 1850–58) that he edited and annotated mostly himself. In 1872, he published a catalogue of all the books and pamphlets he had printed down to that date (8vo, 191 pp.).
Notes
References
External links
1808 births
1880 deaths
American printers
American publishers (people)
American non-fiction writers
19th-century American historians
19th-century American male writers
Writers from Albany, New York
Members of the American Antiquarian Society
Historians from New York (state)
19th-century American businesspeople
American male non-fiction writers
Grown Ups is an American sitcom that aired on the UPN network from August 23, 1999 to May 22, 2000. Starring Jaleel White, the series was created by Matthew Miller and based on a story written by White.
Plot
Grown Ups follows the lives of three post-college friends who are coming to terms with adulthood. J. Calvin Frazier is a 24-year-old man whose roommate just left town nearly leaving him homeless. J. also learns that his high school crush Melissa (Tammy Townsend) is engaged to another man. With the help of his best friend Gordon (Dave Ruby) and Gordon's wife Shari (Marissa Ribisi), J. attempts to deal with his problems and adjust to life as a grown up.
In the pilot episode, Soleil Moon Frye appeared as Robin Carlucci, J.'s new roommate who wrongly assumes that J. is gay. The series was retooled after the pilot and Frye's character was dropped.
Cast
Main
Jaleel White as J. Calvin Frazier
Dave Ruby as Gordon Hammel
Marissa Ribisi as Shari Hammel
Recurring
Patrick Bristow as Rodney Caruthers
Bumper Robinson as Marcus Wentworth
Tammy Townsend as Melissa
Reception
Grown Ups premiered on August 23, 1999 at 8:30 EST/7:30 CST. On August 30, 1999, the series moved to Mondays at 9p.m. EST/8p.m. CST, following the Moesha spin-off The Parkers. The series initially garnered good ratings, but ratings soon dropped and UPN canceled the series (on a cliffhanger that was never resolved) in May 2000.
Episodes
References
External links
1999 American television series debuts
2000 American television series endings
1990s American black sitcoms
2000s American black sitcoms
1990s American sitcoms
2000s American sitcoms
English-language television shows
UPN original programming
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
Television shows set in Chicago
Weatherwise is a short comedy in two scenes by Noël Coward. It was written in and first produced at the Festival Theatre, Malvern in .
The play portrays the turmoil caused by a mentally deranged aristocratic dowager who goes into a trance and behaves as if she were a dog. Her bouts of dog-mania are initiated by any mention of the weather.
Background and productions
The circumstances in which Coward wrote the play are unclear. He does not mention it in his autobiography Present Indicative. In 1923 he had had two modest successes with I'll Leave It to You and The Young Idea, but his first box-office triumph, The Vortex, was yet to come.
The play was published as Weather Wise. A Shocking Tragedy in 1925 in The Crown & Anchor: A Chelsea Quarto, edited by Reginald Blunt.
The play was first performed in 1932, nine years after it was written, by The Noël Coward Company at the Festival Theatre, Malvern. The company was formed in 1932 as a touring ensemble, headed by Kate Cutler, to present Coward's plays around Britain. Weatherwise was the first of his plays directed by Coward himself, and it was given as an after-piece to Home Chat.
Roles and original cast
Lady Warple – Marjorie Haywood
Monica (her daughter) – Agatha Carroll
Cynthia (ib) – Joyce Wodeman
Violet (ib) – Marjorie Taylor
The Rev Harold Bassett (Monica's husband) – Keith Shepherd
Reggie Whistler – James Mason
Maid – Janet Burnell
Dr Twickenham (a psychoanalyst) – Farries Moss
Synopsis
Lady Warple and her daughters discuss spiritualism – her latest fad. She tells them of a sceptical woman who went to a séance and became possessed by a malignant spirit. Their cynical young friend Reggie suggests holding an impromptu séance, at the end of which Lady Warple is discovered in a trance. The others revive her, and at first she seems normal, but any mention of the weather causes her to bark and growl like a dog and rush about on all fours, tearing household items with her teeth, before suddenly returning to normal. After a week of this, a psychoanalyst, Dr Twickenham, is summoned. He recommends that at a signal from him all the family should pretend to be dogs. They do so, while Lady Warple watches calmly and goes on with her knitting [In the 1925 published version, the doctor merely questions "Mrs. Warple" in private.]. Twickenham declares her cured, but then makes a casual remark about the weather, at which Lady Warple springs at his throat and worries him to death.
Critical reception
Coward's biographer Philip Hoare makes brief mention of Weatherwise noting it as a precursor to Blithe Spirit in showing the author's fascination with spiritualism.
References and sources
References
Sources
1923 plays
Plays by Noël Coward
John Von Ohlen (May 13, 1941 Indianapolis, Indiana – October 3, 2018, Cincinnati, Ohio) was an American jazz drummer who worked for Woody Herman in 1967 and 1969, then with Stan Kenton from 1970 to 1972. He began playing Trombone in middle school, and played through high school. He graduated from North Central High School in 1960. He then went to North Texas State briefly, but returned to Indianapolis shortly after.
Von Ohlen led the Blue Wisp Big Band in Cincinnati from 1980 to 2018, and his own groups under his name ranging from quartets to big band. From 1967 to 1968, Von Ohlen toured with Billy Maxted's Manhattan Jazz Band. In the 1980s and 1990s, Von Ohlen was a member of a big band led by the pianist Steve Allee.
Von Ohlen died on October 3, 2018 at the age of 77.
Discography
John Von Ohlen – The Baron
John Von Ohlen & Steve Allee Big Band – Live
With Blue Wisp Big Band
The Blue Wisp Band of Cincinnati
Butterfly
The Smooth One
Live at Carmelo's
Rollin' with Von Ohlen
Tribute
20th Anniversary
With Stan Kenton
Live at Redlands University
Today
Live at Brigham Young University
The Ballad Style of Stan Kenton
With others
Chuck Carter/Steve Allee Big Band – Downtown Blues
Woody Herman – Concerto for Herd
Cal Collins – Crack'd Rib
References
1941 births
2018 deaths
American jazz drummers
American jazz composers
American male jazz composers
Bebop drummers
Big band drummers
American jazz bandleaders
Mainstream jazz drummers
Swing drummers
Jazz musicians from Ohio
Musicians from Cincinnati
Musicians from Indianapolis
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
Mesi may refer to:
the MESI protocol
Mesi, Naxos, a village on the island of Naxos, Greece
Middle East Strategic Information (MESI), a pro-Israel news/media analysis project
See also
Messi (disambiguation)
Terry Pechota (born February 26, 1947) is an American attorney who was the 32nd United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota.
United States Attorney
He was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to be the 32nd United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota. He was confirmed by the United States Senate. He was the first Sioux Indian to be named a U.S. Attorney. He has handled several landmark cases, including the Black Hills of South Dakota case for the Rosebud Sioux in regards to the 1868 treaty. Mr. Pechota has stated "The consensus is, the tribes want this land back."
See also
United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota
University of Iowa College of Law
References
Living people
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
20th-century American lawyers
South Dakota lawyers
United States Attorneys for the District of South Dakota
1947 births
"Nights of Pleasure" is the 12th single by English R&B band, Loose Ends, from their third studio album, Zagora. It was released in November 1986 by Virgin Records and was produced by Loose Ends' longtime collaborator Nick Martinelli.
Track listing
7” Single: VS919
"Nights Of Pleasure (7" Mix)" 3.18
"Let's Rock (7" Remix)" 3.42 - remix by Carl 'Macca' McIntosh & Steve Nichol
12” Single: VS919-12
"Nights Of Pleasure (12" Full Length Version / Nick Martinelli Mix)" 5.33
"Let's Rock (Full Length Version / Steve Nichol & Macca Mix)" 6.11
"Nights Of Pleasure (Dub Version)" 4.50
12” Single: VSD919-12 - 'Special DJ Pleasure Pack'
"Nights Of Pleasure (Nick Martinelli Mix)" 5.33
"Let's Rock (Full Length Version / Steve Nichol & Macca Mix)" 6.11
"Nights Of Pleasure (Dancing Danny Dee Remix)" 6.00
"Nights Of Pleasure (Dancing Danny Dee Dub)" 4.50
2nd 12” Single: VS819-13
"Nights Of Pleasure (12" Mix)"
"Let's Rock (Full Length Version / Steve Nichol & Macca Mix)" 6.11
"Johnny Broadhead"
"Slow Down (12" Mix)"
Some copies of 7" came with free cassette 'The Baksheesh Mixes' VSC919
"Gonna Make You Mine (Westside Mix)" 5.45 *
"Choose Me (Dave 'The Blade' Edit)" 5.58
"Silent Talking (Album Mix)" 5.02
"Nights Of Pleasure (7" Mix)" 3.29
"Let's Rock (7" Remix)" 3.44
* 'Gonna Make You Mine (Westside Remix)' was released on CD in 1992 on the 'Tighten Up Volume 1' remix project. It was remixed by Dancin' Danny D & Godwin Logie.
Charts
References
External links
Nights of Pleasure (1986) at Discogs.
1986 singles
Loose Ends (band) songs
Song recordings produced by Nick Martinelli
Songs written by Carl McIntosh (musician)
Songs written by Jane Eugene
Songs written by Steve Nichol
1986 songs
Virgin Records singles
The Zimovia Highway is a highway located in Wrangell, Alaska.
Major intersections
References
Transportation in Wrangell, Alaska
State highways in Alaska
Gustav Betzén (14 January 1886 – 13 November 1978) was a Swedish athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
1886 births
1978 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Swedish male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Place of birth missing
Brothers in Arms: Double Time is a first-person shooter video game compilation for the Wii and OS X platforms. The title is a compilation of the first two Brothers in Arms games, Brothers in Arms: Road to Hill 30 and Brothers in Arms: Earned in Blood, and was developed by Gearbox Software and published by Ubisoft. It features 31 levels set during the Battle of Normandy.
The Wii version of the game uses the motion sensing abilities of the Wiimote and the Nunchuk attachment for issuing battle gestures and squad commands during gameplay. It lacks any multiplayer features.
The OS X version of Brothers in Arms: Double Time was released on April 16, 2010, by Feral Interactive.
Reception
Brothers in Arms: Double Time received "generally unfavorable" reviews according to review aggregator Metacritic.
References
External links
Brothers in Arms: Double Time official website
2008 video games
Brothers in Arms (video game series)
First-person shooters
Multiplayer and single-player video games
MacOS games
Ubisoft games
Unreal Engine games
Video game compilations
Wii games
Feral Interactive games
Gearbox Software games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in France
Peter Hacker is a philosopher.
Peter Hacker may also refer to:
Peter Hacker (cricketer) (born 1952), English cricketer
Peter Hacker, character in The Ambassador
Het Bombardement (Dutch for The Bombing) is a 2012 Dutch war drama film directed by Ate de Jong and produced by San Fu Maltha, starring Jan Smit and Roos van Erkel. The story line begins shortly before the Bombing of Rotterdam and concerns the impossible love between a young boxer (Smit) and an engaged girl (Van Erkel) as the Second World War reaches the Netherlands. The film was critically panned following its release.
Plot
The film is set in May 1940 in and around the city of Rotterdam, where a young baker's assistant (and aspiring amateur boxer) Vincent de Graaf meets the wealthy Eva von Heerle, the daughter of German refugees who had fled Nazi Germany. Eva is engaged to Dirk Lagerwaard, a wealthy older industrial whom she does not love, whereas Vincent wants to emigrate to the United States to find a cure for his sick brother. The two fall in love. As German troops invade the Netherlands, Vincent offers Dirk to bring Eva and her parents to Rotterdam resulting in a dangerous journey through the frontlines as Dutch and German troops clash in bitter combat. As the two reach Rotterdam, an ultimatum is delivered to the Dutch troops defending the city in which they are summoned to surrender immediately or face destruction, the Dutch soldiers refused, but Rottrdam was declared an open city. Unfortunately the German bombers were supposed to have been recalled resulting in the near destruction of the open city. Very traumatic - changing the future for everyone involved.
Reception
The film received negative reviews. Several critics attacked the film's plot, which was said to be a bad imitation of the story line of Titanic (1997). Both concerned an impossible love between a lower class boy and an upper class girl already engaged to wealthy but unloving older man culminating in a dramatic disaster. Others considered many of the characters to be stereotypes and criticized the film for its corny dialogues, bad acting and predictability, the De Telegraaf finding the romance plot to be as predictable as the bombing itself. The film also provoked public outcry from several survivors of the Rotterdam bombing, who were offended that the bombing was used as a mere plot element for a simplistic romance film. The Algemeen Dagblad called the film poorly made and offensive to the victims of the bombing with a Belgian critic going on to say that watching the film was the worst experience in his life.
References
External links
2012 films
Dutch drama films
2010s Dutch-language films
Western Front of World War II films
World War II films based on actual events
Films set in the Netherlands
Films set in Rotterdam
Films shot in Rotterdam
Films directed by Ate de Jong
Margaret Baker Genovesi (c. 1933 – 23 February 2022) was an Australian soprano based in Rome.
Early life
Born in Brisbane (née Baker), Baker Genovesi's early musical promise as a child was recognised with performances broadcast on Australia's Amateur Hour. Later she represented Queensland in the 1953 Melba Quest and won the Queensland ABC Concerto and Vocal competition in 1954.
Career
Early in her career, while still in Australia, Baker Genovesi was a popular young soloist performing with the Queensland Symphony Orchestra, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and the Queensland National Opera now Opera Queensland.
Baker Genovesi then moved to Europe to complete her studies and was supported by scholarships awarded by the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, Rome, and the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Siena. She was eventually based in Rome. Her operatic roles included: Violetta La traviata (including her Australian professional debut); Susanna in The Marriage of Figaro (including her European debut); Circe in The Enchantress Circe (recorded with ); Miss Pinkerton in The Old Maid and the Thief (recorded with Jorge Mester); Valletto in L'incoronazione di Poppea (recorded with Nikolaus Harnoncourt); Fortuna, Guinone and Melanto in Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria (also recorded with Nikolaus Harnoncourt) and First Witch/
Second Woman in L'incoronazione di Poppea (recorded with Charles Mackerras).
During her operatic career in Europe and on later retirement in Australia, Baker Genovesi was also a renowned musical educator, operatic vocal coach and adjudicator of international operatic singing competitions. Amongst her pupils is the Italian dramatic coloratura soprano Desirée Rancatore.
Personal life
She was married to the Italian engineer Vittorio Genovesi. Baker Genovesi died aged 89 in Brisbane.
Discography
Anfossi: La maga Circe (The Enchantress Circe), Baker-Genovesi et al., Il Gruppo di Roma, Bongiovanni-Inedita conducted by Flavio Colusso GB 10001/2-2.
Menotti: The Old Maid and the Thief, Judith Blegen, John Reardon, Anna Reynolds, Margaret Baker, Orchestra of the Teatro Verdi Di Trieste, conducted by Jorge Mester, Mercury Living Presence SR90521
Monteverdi: L'incoronazione di Poppea, Margaret Baker-Genovesi, Cathy Berberian, Helen Donath et al, Concentus Musicus, Wein, conducted by Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Deutsche Grammophon, 1995.
Monteverdi: Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria, with Lasdislaus Anderko, Giacomo Badoaro, Margaret Baker-Genovesi, Murray Dickie et al. Concentus Musicus, Wein, conducted by Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Teledec 1971.
Purcell: Dido and Aeneas with Tatiana Troyanos, Barry McDaniel, Sheila Armstrong, Patricia Johnson, Margaret Baker-Genovesi, Monteverdi Choir (Hamburg), Norddeutscher Rundfunk (Hamburg) Kammerorchester, conducted by Charles Mackerras. Hamburg : Archiv Produktion, 1967.
Tchaikovsky: Eugene Onegin, Geoffrey Chard, Joan Carden, Keith Lewis, Suzanne Johnston, Margaret Baker-Genovesi, Noel Mangin, Bev Shean, Richard Divall conducting (1983 Victoria State Opera production)
Louis Spohr, 6 Lieder, Op. 103, Margaret Baker, Rainer Schumacher, Hermann Reutter (2019).
References
External links
, 6 Deutsche Lieder, Op. 103: No. 1, "Sei still mein Herz"
1933 births
2022 deaths
Australian operatic sopranos
20th-century Australian women opera singers
Wim van der Veen from the Netherlands, is a Tenpin bowler. He finished in 24th position at the 2006 AMF World Cup and played in the 2006 World Tenpin Masters.
Van der Veen is not related to Auke van der Veen, a Dutch TV host.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dutch ten-pin bowling players
Sportspeople from Emmen, Netherlands
This is a list of seasons completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team.
Western Michigan has made seven NCAA men's ice hockey tournaments.
* Winning percentage is used when conference schedules are unbalanced.
† Bill Wilkinson was fired as coach in February 1999 due to NCAA violations regarding player compensation.
Footnotes
References
Lists of college men's ice hockey seasons in the United States
Western Michigan Broncos ice hockey seasons
Yellow mY skYcaptain is the debut solo album by A Perfect Circle strings and bass player Paz Lenchantin, released in year 2000. The album was produced by Lenchantin herself.
Track listing
"Missin'" - 1:32
"Dusty Dolls" - 5:30
"Blue Sky Shoe Shine" - 1:26
"Yarrow" - 4:08
"She Can Soup" - 3:41
"Lil' Tree" - 2:51
"T.V. Snow" - 3:09
"Video Game" - 5:18
"Rainbow Zen" - 5:19
"U" - 1:53
Personnel
Paz Lenchantin - lyrics, performance
Ryeland Allison - drums
Luciano Lenchantin - guitar on "T.V. Snow"
Maynard James Keenan - album cover
References
http://www.webmusicdb.com/disp?20949
2000 debut albums
Paz Lenchantin albums
Zorzinichthys annae is an extinct species of fish from the Ypresian age of Monte Bolca.
References
External links
Eocene fish
Eocene fish of Europe
Fossils of Italy
Prehistoric ray-finned fish genera
Duke Otto Henry of Brunswick-Lüneburg-Harburg (16 June 1555 in Harburg – 15 October 1591 in Brussels), was a member of House of Guelph and the heir apparent of Brunswick-Lüneburg-Harburg.
Life
Otto Henry was the eldest son of the Duke Otto II of Brunswick-Harburg (1528–1603) from his first marriage with Margaret (1530–1559), the daughter of the Count John Henry of Schwarzburg-Leutenberg.
Otto Henry was educated under his father's strict supervision. He was taught science, but Otto II had strictly forbidden the instruction of fine arts. Otto Henry studied at the University of Strasbourg, and was a canon at Bremen for a while, but then chose a military career. In 1590, he led the cavalry of the Duke Alessandro Farnese in the Eighty Years' War and showed great courage in the battle of Ivry on 14 March 1590. He was seriously wounded in this battle.
Otto Henry died a year later, in Brussels in 1591 at the age of 36. Since he died before his father, he never inherited Harburg.
Marriage and issue
Otto Henry married in 1588 with Marie d'Henin-Lietard (d. 1606), the daughter of Count Jean de Bossu, with whom he had a son. However, since this was a morganatic marriage, his son was not able to inherit Harburg.
Charles (d. 1620), Governor of Beaumont in Luxembourg; married in 1618 with Marie Wouters, heiress of Terdeck and Dyck (d. 1619)
References
Vaterländisches Archiv für hannoverisch-braunschweigische Geschichte, Herold & Wahlstab, 1835, p. 126 ff
Gustav Adelbert Seyler: Vierteljahrsschrift fur Heraldik, sphragistik und Genealogie, 1873, p. 211
Middle House of Lüneburg
1555 births
1591 deaths
16th-century German people
Sanford's white-eye (Zosterops lacertosus) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Nendo Island.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest. It is threatened by habitat loss. This species has a small population due to it being endemic to Nendo Island. This population seems to be declining because of their near threatened status since their habitat is being targeted for commercial purposes.
It is named after Leonard Cutler Sanford, a trustee of the American Museum of Natural History.
References
Sanford's white-eye
Birds of the Santa Cruz Islands
Endemic fauna of the Solomon Islands
Sanford's white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of the Solomon Islands
Tomilin Glacier () is a glacier over 15 nautical miles (28 km) long, draining north from Pope Mountain in central Wilson Hills. It enters the sea east of Goodman Hills and Cape Kinsey, forming a substantial glacier tongue. The glacier was photographed from aircraft of U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in 1947, and by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1958. Named by the latter for Soviet polar aviator Mikhail N. Tomilin (1908–52), who perished in the Arctic.
Glaciers of Oates Land
François-Fidèle-Oscar Michiels (24 July 1881 – 14 June 1946) was a Belgian military officer who served in World War I and World War II.
Biography
Oscar Michiels was born in central Brussels on 24 July 1881. He enrolled in a military school aged 11. Three years later he attended cadet school in Namur, graduating in 1897 as a corporal. After being promoted to sergeant, he returned to the school in 1901. Finishing two years later, he was made a lieutenant.
In 1913 Michiels was stationed at the fortified position of Liège. On 1 August 1914 he was attached to the staff of the Third Division, where he would remain for the duration of World War I. Following the Battle of the Yser Michiels was promoted to the rank of captain. In September 1915 he was moved to the front lines, but was injured several weeks later in an accident and returned to the Third Division's headquarters. In November he became captain-commandant. On 20 July 1917 he was awarded the Croix de guerre. Following a successful operation at Merkem in April 1918, Michiels was made a Commander of the Legion of Honour by Ferdinand Foch.
In March 1919 Michiels became a professor at the Instruction Center of Staff (later the War College, part of the Royal Military Academy), where he would work for nearly 12 years. As a major, he would privately instruct Prince (later King) Leopold III on war studies. In 1927 Michiels was due to be transferred out of the school and given command of a battalion, but his commanding officer objected. He left his position at the college as a lieutenant colonel in June 1931 and became chief of staff of the First Army Corps. In March of the following year he was made colonel. Two years later he was made commander of the First Grenadiers Regiment. In June 1937 Michiels was promoted to major general and made head of the personnel department of the Defence Ministry.
Following the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, Michiels took command of the reserve Seventh Infantry Division to oversee its mobilization. This division was soon assigned the task of improving the defences along the Dyle. After several weeks, it was moved to protect the Albert Canal. Michiels was appointed King Leopold III's chief of staff on 2 February 1940. He subsequently served in this capacity during the Battle of Belgium. During the Belgian Army's last stand at the Battle of the Lys on 27 May, Michiels suggested that the king send a representative to the Germans to negotiate a ceasefire. King Leopold III followed this advice, and eventually agreed to surrender to the Germans the following morning. British Admiral Roger Keyes commended Michiels for his display of high morale during the campaign.
On 30 May, Michiels gave a speech to all the senior Belgian officers, thanking them for their service. He asked the army staff to remain with him to assist in managing the confused state of affairs following the capitulation. The Germans inquired him on Belgium's observance of neutrality before the invasion and on the Mechelen incident, but he refused to offer them any answers. Michiels was then taken prisoner by the Germans. He was deported with the army staff to prisoner of war camps in central Europe. The Germans offered to return him to Belgium in 1943 and hand him control of the National Office of Veterans Affairs, but he refused on the account that he would be leaving his subordinates behind. He was liberated from a camp near Prenzlau by the Red Army on 7 May 1945.
Repatriated, Michiels retired from the army in late 1945 and began writing a book on the Battle of Belgium. Michiels died on 14 June 1946 and was buried with full military honors. His book, 18 jours de guerre en Belgique, was published posthumously the following year.
References
1881 births
1946 deaths
Belgian military personnel of World War I
Belgian prisoners of war in World War II
Royal Military Academy (Belgium) faculty
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
Belgian Army generals of World War II
Ataxia prolixa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1866. It is known from French Guiana and Brazil.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1866
Queponco is a historic United States railway station located at 8378 Patey Woods Road, Newark, Worcester County, Maryland. Constructed by the Pennsylvania Railroad, the Queponco railway station served Snow Hill, Berlin and Newark communities. The station closed in the 1960s.
Queponco was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 as the Queponco railway station.
Museum
The Queponco railway station preserves railroad heritage in the area and exhibits vintage railroad memorabilia and equipment.
References
External links
, including photo from 1993, at Maryland Historical Trust
Queponco Railway Station (Ocean City Vacation and Hotels Guide website)
Railroad museums in Maryland
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1910
Museums in Worcester County, Maryland
Former Pennsylvania Railroad stations
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Maryland
Transportation buildings and structures in Worcester County, Maryland
1910 establishments in Maryland
Former railway stations in Maryland
Hesar (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār; also known as Ḩeşār-e Ḩājjī Allā Verdī) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 169, in 47 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Rafael Batatinha dos Santos (born 9 February 1990 in Senhor do Bonfim, Bahia), known as Rafael Batatinha, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Esporte Clube Bahia players
FC Cascavel players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
Anadia F.C. players
C.D. Tondela players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
C.D. Santa Clara players
G.D. Chaves players
Gil Vicente F.C. players
GS Loures players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
In enzymology, an isochorismatase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
isochorismate + H2O 2,3-dihydroxy-2,3-dihydrobenzoate + pyruvate
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are isochorismate and H2O, whereas its two products are 2,3-dihydroxy-2,3-dihydrobenzoate and pyruvate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases, specifically those acting on ether bonds (ether hydrolases). The systematic name of this enzyme class is isochorismate pyruvate-hydrolase. Other names in common use include 2,3-dihydro-2,3-dihydroxybenzoate synthase, 2,3-dihydroxy-2,3-dihydrobenzoate synthase, and 2,3-dihydroxy-2,3-dihydrobenzoic synthase. This enzyme participates in the biosynthesis of siderophore group (nonribosomal).
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 3 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , and .
References
EC 3.3.2
Enzymes of known structure
Michael Ludwig (born 3 April 1961) is an Austrian politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPÖ). Since May 2018, he has been Mayor and Governor of Vienna, the capital and largest city of Austria. Since January 2018, he has also served as chairman of SPÖ Vienna. Prior, he was a City Councillor for Housing, Construction, and Urban Renewal from January 2007 until his election as mayor. He was also Second Deputy Mayor and Governor of Vienna from March 2009 to October 2010.
Personal life
Ludwig grew up in Vienna's 21st district, Floridsdorf, living in a Gemeindebau (municipal housing estate). He grew up under the governments of SPÖ Chancellor Bruno Kreisky, who he cites as his political idol. After finishing primary school, Michael Ludwig attended the lower level of a general high school in Vienna from 1971. He then attended the commercial academy all the way 1975 to 1980 and graduated from it with the Matura. After serving military service from 1981–1982, he studied political science and history at the University of Vienna and was awarded a doctorate in 1992 with a dissertation on the SED, the then-ruling party of East Germany.
In 1984–1986 he was course and project leader in adult education, and from 1986–1991 an educational assistant at a Viennese adult education centre. In 1991 he became regional office manager of the Dr. Karl Renner Institute Vienna and education secretary of the SPÖ Vienna. From 1995 he was chairman of the Association of Viennese Adult Education and Vice President of the Austrian Adult Education Centres, and since 2008 he has been honorary chairman of the supervisory board of Wiener Volkshochschulen GmbH. Ludwig is also chairman of the Bruno Kreisky Archive.
In August 2018, Ludwig married his longtime partner Irmtraud Rossgatterer.
Political career
Ludwig began his career in local politics in Vienna as a district councillor in Floridsdorf from 1994 to 1995. He then served as a representative on the Federal Council from 1996 to 1999. In 1999, he entered the Gemeinderat and Landtag of Vienna.
In January 2007, Ludwig was appointed City Councillor for Housing, Construction, and Urban Renewal, succeeding Werner Faymann. Following the resignation of Grete Laska, Ludwig became second Deputy Mayor of the 26 March 2009. He left office after the 2010 state election, when Maria Vassilakou of The Greens was appointed instead.
In 2010, Ludwig took over the chairmanship of the SPÖ Floridsdorf from Kurt Eder. On 28 May 2011, he was elected one of five deputy chairmen at the SPÖ Vienna state party conference.
In the lead-up to the 2017 federal election, Ludwig spoke out against the prospect of a coalition between the SPÖ and Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ), claiming the parties had too little in common.
In 2017, long-serving Mayor and Governor Michael Häupl announced his pending retirement. At the extraordinary state party conference of the SPÖ Vienna on 27 January 2018, Ludwig was elected to succeed him as chairman of the SPÖ Vienna, winning 57 percent of the delegate votes against opponent Andreas Schieder. He is said to have had support from representatives of the Viennese SPÖ in the large districts of Floridsdorf and Donaustadt.
Ludwig was elected Mayor and Governor on 24 May 2018.
References
1961 births
Living people
Social Democratic Party of Austria politicians
Mayors of Vienna
Ill at Ease is the third full-length studio album by the Australian alternative metal band The Mark of Cain. It was released in 1995 by Australian label rooArt and produced by Henry Rollins. "First Time" and "LMA" were released as singles from the album. "The Contender", "Interloper", "You Let Me Down", "Hindsight" and "Pointman" were remixed for release on the following album Rock and Roll.
Track listing
"Interloper" – 4:40
"Hindsight" – 5:12
"First Time" – 4:05
"Remember Me" – 3:53
"Point Man" – 7:20
"Walk Away" – 4:53
"You Let Me Down" – 5:33
"Tell Me" – 4:18
"Contender" – 6:01
"LMA" – 5:24
Personnel
John Scott – guitar, vocals
Kim Scott – bass guitar
Aaron Hewson – drums
Charts
References
1995 albums
The Mark of Cain (band) albums
Pakalkkinavu is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by S. S. Rajan and produced by N. R. Vaidyanadhan. The film stars Sathyan, Sharada, Adoor Bhasi and Nilambur Balan. The film had musical score by B. A. Chidambaranath.
Cast
Sathyan as Babu
Sharada as Malathi
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Chandran
Adoor Bhasi as Krishnankutty
Vasanthi as Shari
Nilambur Balan
Rajakolila
Baby Sreelatha as Thankamani
Balan Pallippattu
Kaduvakulam Antony as Kittunni
Kunjava as Shankaran
Latha Raju as Ammini
M. S. Namboothiri as Kurup
Premji as Master
Krishnankutty
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B. A. Chidambaranath with lyrics by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Charlie Chapman (born 1 December 1998) is an English scrum-half currently playing for Gloucester Rugby in Premiership Rugby. He has represented Scotland under 20s and was dual-registered with Hartpury for the 2018-19 season.
Chapman represented Scotland in the U20s Six Nations and earned selection for the Junior World Championship in France.
References
Gloucester Rugby players
Rugby union scrum-halves
1998 births
Living people
Paleontography (from Ancient Greek παλαιός “old”, ὤν "being", γραφή "I write") is the formal description of fossil remains. It is a subdiscipline of paleontology. The term has been in use in this sense for more than a hundred and fifty years, for example by the Palaeontographical Society. A paleontographer (or palaeontographer) is anyone who works in the field.
The term has more recently been adopted for one who uses medical imaging technology to scan fossils; mainly using CT scanning or any non-invasive scanning technology. The use of medical CT scanning technology allows scientists to use a non-invasive method to examine fossils or rock specimens without physically removing material, called preparation. Inventor/Software engineer Lee Schiel of Early Response Imaging and Doctors Michael Smith and John Nesson of Arcadia Methodist Hospital were the first pioneers of this field in the late 1990s.
References
Subfields of paleontology
Pitstone (formerly Pightelsthorn, with possible variation Pychelesthorn in 1399) is a village and civil parish in east Buckinghamshire, England. It is at the foot of the central range of the Chiltern Hills, centred east of Aylesbury and south of Leighton Buzzard. It directly adjoins the village of Ivinghoe, and the two villages share some facilities.
History
The village name is Anglo-Saxon in origin, and means 'Picel's thorn tree'. It was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Pincelestorne.
Pitstone was given to the abbey at Ashridge by the Earl of Cornwall in 1283. In 1290 King Edward I spent Christmas in Pitstone at the estate that had been given to the abbey, and stayed for five weeks, during which time he held parliament in Ashridge. His stay caused great inconvenience to the local inhabitants of the village who were legally obliged to keep the king and his court.
It was described in a Victorian gazetteer by John Marius Wilson as "7 miles in length and 1 in breadth. Post-town, Tring. Acres, 2,836 [] Real property, £3,692. Pop., 581. Houses, 109. The property is divided among a few.". Its area dropped between 1851 and 1891 from the said number acres to 1,644. The number of houses rose most steeply in the 1950s, from 169 to 252.
Landmarks and neighbourhoods
Its Castlemead area of housing and business units was named after Castle Cement Company which was the last owner of the Pitstone cement works, which operated from 1937 to 1991.
The area around St Mary's Church is known as Church End.
A notable building is Pitstone Windmill, which is owned by the National Trust. The windmill was formerly capable of rotating to face the prevailing wind, as evidenced by the wheel protruding from one side of the structure. Although it no longer can do so, the wheel remains and its pivot point is clearly visible.
Pitstone Green Museum provides working insights into agricultural history and various supporting trades. The museum is to the south of the village proper on a farm.
Pitstone Hill, above the village, is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), designated for its botanical interest. The hill is crossed by the Ridgeway National Trail. A former chalk quarry has been converted to College Lake nature reserve, a flagship reserve of the Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust, and the area east of the lake within the nature reserve is a geological SSSI, Pitstone Quarry.
Geography
The elongated civil parish is semi-urban in the extreme west north-west (WNW) and is otherwise rural and elevated, rising to the opposite direction. Approximately following the north-west border is the Grand Union Canal. Its population rose in the ten years to 1961 from 544 to 766.
Sport and leisure
Pitstone has a Non-League football team Pitstone & Ivinghoe United F.C. who play at The Recreation Ground on Vicarage Road.
Pitstone is the home of internationally acclaimed cyclist, Nick Clarke who holds the record for the RRA "Side to Side" record of Pembroke to Great Yarmouth.
See also
St Mary's Church, Pitstone
References
External links
Pitstone Green Museum
Village Website
The Benefice of St.Mary's includes the villages of Ivinghoe, Pitstone, Slapton, Horton and Ivinghoe Aston
Family and local history index - GENUKI
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
The San Ardo Oil Field is a large oil field in Monterey County, California, in the United States. It is in the Salinas Valley, about five miles (8 km) south of the small town of San Ardo, and about 20 miles (32 km) north of Paso Robles. With an estimated ultimate recovery of of oil, it is the eighth-largest producing oil field in California, and of the top 20 California oil fields in size, it is the most recent to be discovered (1947). As of the end of 2006, the principal operators of the field were Chevron Corp. and Aera Energy LLC.
Setting
A familiar sight to travelers on U.S. Highway 101 between Los Angeles and San Francisco, the oil field is located about midway between Paso Robles and King City, in the southern part of Monterey County, at the Alvarado Road exit from U.S. 101. Most of the field is on the east bank of the Salinas River and in the adjacent hills of the Coast Ranges. Overall it is about five miles (8 km) long by two wide, and its productive area encompasses . Elevations on the oil field range from approximately at the Salinas River to around in the hills to the east; the densest area of operations is on the flat land in the river valley.
Vegetation in the oil field area varies from riparian in the immediate vicinity of the Salinas River, to grassland, chaparral, and oak woodland in the hills and uplands, although much of the vegetation has been removed in the central area of active operations. Land immediately north of the oil field in the Salinas River Valley is agricultural, while other adjacent land, which is mostly hilly, is predominantly used for livestock grazing.
Geology
The San Ardo Oil Field is the farthest north of the major oil fields west of the San Andreas Fault in California; most of the other large fields are east of the fault. As is common with California oil fields, the San Ardo Field is an anticlinal structure. The productive units are the Aurignac Sands, which are a portion of the huge Monterey Formation, a sedimentary rock unit which underlies much of coastal California. These sands are an average of about thick, contain an abundance of heavy crude oil, and overlie granodioritic basement rocks. Above the Aurignac sands are the thinner but also productive Lombardi sands, which can be found at about below ground surface. The granodioritic basement is generally around below ground surface.
Rock formations above the highest productive unit include the Paso Robles, Pancho Rita, and Santa Margarita Formations, of Pleistocene, Pliocene, and Miocene age, respectively. All of the productive units are of Miocene age, and the underlying basement rocks date to the Jurassic period. The Los Lobos thrust fault complex demarcates the western boundary of the field.
Production and operations
The Texas Company (later Texaco, and currently Chevron Corp.) discovered the field in November 1947 by drilling their "Lombardi 1" well to a depth of . Initial production from the discovery well was .
Since the oil is heavy crude, with API gravity of only 9-11 in the Lombardi Sands and 13 in the Aurignac, getting it to flow to production wells can be difficult. Various enhanced recovery technologies developed during the 1960s and 1970s have made the process easier. Steam flooding is the technology of choice in the San Ardo Field; injection wells force steam into the ground to heat the crude and decrease its viscosity, and if strategically placed, can push the oil to nearby production wells. Steam flooding has been used in both the Aurignac and Lombardi sands since 1966-1967; water flooding is also being used in the Aurignac. The peak production from the field was in 1967, the first year in which both productive units were subject to steam flooding. Fireflooding, a technology in which the oil is ignited by an electric coil in the presence of oxygen, with the combustion front moving towards a production well, and sometimes followed by water flooding as a further assist, has also been used in several of the San Ardo pools.
Currently, the principal operators on the field are Chevron Corp. and Aera Energy LLC. Two smaller operators are active on the field as of 2010: NY Oil Company Inc., and Salinas Energy Corp. As of the end of 2008 Chevron and Aera Energy were the two largest producers of oil in California.
References
California Oil and Gas Fields, Volumes I, II and III. Vol. I (1998), Vol. II (1992), Vol. III (1982). California Department of Conservation, Division of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources (DOGGR). 1,472 pp. San Ardo information pp. 448–451. PDF file available on CD from www.consrv.ca.gov.
California Department of Conservation, Oil and Gas Statistics, Annual Report, December 31, 2006.
Kempner, William C. The San Ardo Field 3-D Seismic Survey: Design, Acquisition, and Preliminary Result. ChevronTexaco, Bakersfield, CA. Available on the web at Searchanddiscovery.net.
Notes
External links
Approximate center of the field, in Google Maps
Panoramic view of the oil field, from the west bank of the Salinas River
Oil fields in California
Salinas Valley
Geography of Monterey County, California
European Union Advisory Mission Ukraine (EUAM Ukraine) is a civilian Common Security & Defence Policy (CSDP) mission of the European Union. It aims to assist Ukrainian authorities to reform civilian security sector. It provides strategic advice and practical support to make Ukrainian civilian security sector more effective, efficient, transparent and enjoying public trust. EUAM Ukraine works with a number of law enforcement and rule of law institutions of Ukraine, and it formally began operation on December 1, 2014, following Ukrainian Government's request.
EUAM Ukraine employs over 300 personnel that operate in Kyiv, Lviv, Odesa, Kharkiv and Mariupol implementing its "mission mandate" according to such three main pillars of activity:
Strategic advice
Hands-on advice and training for the Ukrainian partners
Cooperation and coordination with Ukrainian and international counterparts and stakeholders
EUAM Priorities
National and state security EUAM Ukraine helps to reform security and intelligence institutions to bring them under democratic oversight
Organised and cross-border crime EUAM Ukraine helps enhance Ukraine's capacity to fight crime and further develop Integrated Border Management (IBM)
Community safety and police management EUAM Ukraine helps promote trust between police and communities through dialogue and professional police services
Criminal justice EUAM Ukraine helps Ukraine to build effective investigation, prosecution and judiciary infrastructure so that justice is served
Digital transformation and innovation EUAM Ukraine engages in bringing digital and innovative solutions to governance and human resource in Ukraine
Cross-cutting issues
Having identified the five priorities above that affect Ukrainian partners working in Ukraine's civilian security sector in a different way, EUAM Ukraine identified three "cross-cutting issues" that play part in each of the Five Priorities and are relevant to all civilian security sector agencies. These cross-cutting issues are:
Human Rights & Gender Equality Human rights perspective and gender mainstreaming are an essential part of EUAM Ukraine's advice to Ukrainian partners working in civilian security sector, in particular the police.
Anti-Corruption As corruption is widely considered the biggest obstacle to the reform in Ukraine, EUAM Ukraine aims to enhance anti-corruption capacities of Ukraine's law-enforcement agencies and the judiciary. In this regard, EUAM Ukraine assists the newly established anti-corruption agencies of Ukraine (NABU, SAPO and NAPC)
Good Governance EUAM Ukraine's objective is to make sure that EU principles of good governance - openness, participation, accountability, effectiveness and coherence - are reflected in the advice and support provided by the Mission
Heads of Mission
The current Head of Mission since 1 July 2019 is Antti Juhani Hartikainen.
Previous Heads of Mission were:
Kestutis Lancinskas (February 2016 – May 2019)
Kálmán Mizsei (August 2014 – January 2016)
Field Offices
When the Mission was launched in 2014, it operated from its HQ in Kyiv. As the activities were expanding and number of projects carried out by EUAM Ukraine in the regions increased, two Field Offices (FO) - in Kharkiv and Lviv - were established. In 2018, field office in Odesa and a Mobile Unit that operates across the country were added to support EUAM commitments in the regions. A second Mobile Unit that operated in Mariupol was established in 2019, which, in June 2020, transformed into EUAM Field Office Mariupol to solidify EUAM's expanding activities in the east of Ukraine.
Main interlocutors
Ministry of Internal Affairs (MoIA) and its agencies (National Police, Patrol Police, State Border Guard Service etc.)
Security Service (SSU)
General Prosecutor's Office (GPO), as well as
judiciary authorities and anti-corruption bodies (NABU, SAPO, SBI).
Main achievements
Some key EUAM Ukraine achievements in the Civilian Security Sector reform include contributing to:
drafting strategic documents (among them Law on National Security, Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine's Development Strategy 2020, Witness Protection Program, Security Service of Ukraine Reform Concept and Action Plan)
introduction of a community policing concept into police work
introduction and promotion of a new approach to public order through police training
assistance in development of the Serious and Organised Crime Threat Assessment (SOCTA) programme to help fight serious and organised crime
restructuring the work of police criminal investigation departments by merging investigators and operatives etc.
References
External links
EUAM Ukraine | EUAM Ukraine
European Union External Action Service
Military and civilian missions of the European Union
Jimmy Mayanja (born 29 December 1958) is a Swedish boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Swedish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Sweden
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Jinja District
Bantamweight boxers
Jordan Rhys Hall (born August 31, 1984) is a Canadian lacrosse player from Surrey, British Columbia who plays for the Rochester Knighthawks in the National Lacrosse League and the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse.
College career
Hall attended University of Delaware, where he played alongside Alex Smith to help the Blue Hens reach the 2007 NCAA Division I Men's Final Four. In 2006, he was named Colonial Athletic Association Player of the Year.
Professional career
Hall was selected in the first round (first overall) by the New York Titans of the National Lacrosse League in the 2007 NLL Entry Draft. A lacrosse scout said that Hall was "the most NLL-ready player in the draft". Hall was awarded "Rookie of the Month" honors in March of the 2008 NLL season. Hall also joined the Rochester Rattlers of Major League Lacrosse midseason from Chicago, helping the team to its first MLL title in 2008.
During the 2009 NLL season, he was named a reserve to the All-Star game.
Hall played two years in New York and moved with the team to Orlando, where he played one more year before the team disbanded. Hall was picked up by the Rochester Knighthawks in the dispersal draft. After two years in Rochester, Hall was traded to the Philadelphia Wings as part of a blockbuster deal involving Paul Rabil and Dan Dawson. Two years later Hall would find himself back with the Rochester Knighthawks when the newly named New England Black Wolves traded him to Rochester for the 11th and 28th overall picks in 2014, as well as a 2015 1st round pick.
Hall also plays summer box lacrosse in his native British Columbia with the New Westminster Salmonbellies of the Western Lacrosse Association. In 2006, he was named the winner of the league's Ed Bailey Trophy as the year's top rookie.
Statistics
University of Delaware
MLL
NLL
Awards
See also
University of Delaware Mens Lacrosse
References
1984 births
Living people
Canadian lacrosse players
Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens men's lacrosse players
Major League Lacrosse players
National Lacrosse League All-Stars
National Lacrosse League major award winners
New York Titans (lacrosse) players
Orlando Titans players
Philadelphia Wings players
Rochester Knighthawks players
Sportspeople from Surrey, British Columbia
Hamilton Nationals players
Balga has several possible meanings, including:
Balga, a ruined fortress and abandoned village in Russia
Balga, a common name for the western Australian plant, Xanthorrhoea preissii
Balga, Western Australia, a suburb near the state capital
See also
Khar Balgas, a Mongolian archaeological site
The Finnish Elite Athlete's Union (, SHU) is a trade union representing professional sportspeople in Finland.
The union was founded in 2002 and consists of associations for specific sports, plus a section for individual athletes. It has about 2,600 members, with about 1,500 being football players. Unusually for a trade union, it does not involve itself in wage negotiations, but focuses on social security, and helping athletes compare for life after their sporting career has finished.
In 2012, the union affiliated to the Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions.
Sections
Basketball Players' Association
Elite Baseball Players
Finnish Ice Hockey
Football Players' Union
Race Athletes' Association
References
Sports trade unions
Trade unions in Finland
Trade unions established in 2002
Kang Yanxiao () (died 926), known as Li Shaochen () from 923 to 926, was a Chinese military general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period states Later Liang and Later Tang. It was his defection from Later Liang to Later Tang in 923 and subsequent offering of intelligence to Later Tang's emperor Li Cunxu that persuaded Li Cunxu to launch a surprise attack on the Later Liang capital Daliang that resulted in the fall of Later Liang, for which Kang was rewarded and given the imperially-bestowed name of Li Shaochen. He subsequently had major contributions in Later Tang's conquest of Former Shu as well. After Former Shu's fall, however, with Li Cunxu killing the major generals Guo Chongtao and Li Jilin (Zhu Youqian), Li Shaochen became apprehensive and decided to rebel, but was subsequently defeated and executed.
Background and defection to Later Liang
Kang Yangxiao was said to be a tribesman from the Daibei region (代北, i.e., the region north of modern Xinzhou, Shanxi), who served as a soldier at Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi). At one point, he was guilty of a crime, and he fled to Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan). (While the accounts do not give a date for his defection, the fact that the History of the Five Dynasties referred to Xuanwu as "Bian Liang" () by its prefectural and regional designations, suggests that this occurred in the very late Tang Dynasty, when Hedong and Xuanwu were respectively ruled by powerful rival warlords Li Keyong and Zhu Quanzhong.) After Zhu Quanzhong seized the throne and established Later Liang as its founding emperor, Kang was gradually promoted in the soldier ranks. He had further military accomplishments during the reign of Zhu Quanzhong's son and successor Zhu Zhen.
Redefection to Later Tang
In 923, Zhu Zhen commissioned his general Duan Ning to prepare to launch a major attack on Later Liang's archrival Later Tang — i.e., the successor state of what was the power bloc centered around Hedong, by this point ruled by Li Keyong's son Li Cunxu, who had just recently declared himself emperor. Kang Yanxiao was assigned as an army commander under Duan. Kang believed that Zhu was then overly trusting of his corrupt inner circle of officials, which would soon lead to destruction, and therefore secretly send letters to Li Cunxu's major general and adoptive brother Li Siyuan, offering to defect. In fall 923, he carried out his offer, taking some 100 of his cavalry soldiers and surrendered to Later Tang, rendezvousing with the Later Tang emperor at Chaocheng (朝城, in modern Liaocheng, Shandong). Li Cunxu took off his own silk robe and jade belt and awarded them to Kang, making him a commander in his own army against Later Liang, as well as the prefect of Bo Prefecture (博州, in modern Liaocheng).
Kang revealed that the Later Liang government was then highly influenced by Zhu's close associates, his brother-in-law Zhao Yan and four relatives of Zhu's deceased wife Consort Zhang. He further revealed to Li Cunxu that Duan had an ambitious four-prong plan to attack Later Tang, to be launched in winter 923, to try to reverse years of Later Liang losses at the hands of Later Tang's predecessor state Jin:
Dong Zhang would head toward Taiyuan.
Huo Yanwei would head toward Zhen Prefecture (鎮州, in modern Baoding, Hebei).
Wang Yanzhang and Zhang Hanjie (張漢傑, Consort Zhang's brother) would head toward Yun Prefecture (鄆州, in modern Tai'an, Shandong, which Li Siyuan had captured earlier in the year).
Duan himself, along with Du Yanqiu, would confront Li Cunxu himself.
Kang pointed out the weakness of the plan — that it divided up the Later Liang troops, making, in particular, Wang's and Zhang's army vulnerable. He advocated that, as Later Liang would be about to implement this plan, for Li Cunxu to rendezvous with Li Siyuan at Yun, and then head directly toward Later Liang's defenseless capital Daliang. With the concurrence of his chief of staff Guo Chongtao, Li Cunxu agreed.
In winter 923, as Later Liang began to launch its attacks, Li Cunxu moved across the Yellow River and joined Li Siyuan at Yun. They then confronted Wang and Zhang at Zhongdu (中都, in modern Jining, Shandong), defeating and capturing them. Li Cunxu initially hesitated at heading toward Daliang directly, with most of his generals advocating by this point that he first capture Later Liang's coastal circuits. However, Kang insisted on the original plan of attacking Daliang, and with Li Siyuan concurring with him, Li Cunxu agreed, and headed toward Daliang. This caught Zhu by surprise, as Duan's four-prong attack plan left Daliang defenseless. As Later Tang forces approached, he, seeing the situation as hopeless, committed suicide, ending Later Liang. All of Later Liang territory surrendered to Later Tang, allowing Later Tang to absorb it. To reward Kang, Li Cunxu made him the defender of Zheng Prefecture (鄭州, in modern Zhengzhou, Henan), and bestowed on him both the imperial surname Li and a new personal name of Shaochen. In 924, Li Cunxu made him the military governor of Baoyi Circuit (保義, headquartered in modern Sanmenxia, Henan).
Participation in the Former Shu campaign
In fall 925, Li Cunxu launched a major campaign against Later Tang's southwestern neighbor Former Shu, with his son Li Jiji the Prince of Wei in titular command, but with Guo Chongtao in actual command. Li Shaochen served as Guo's forward commander, commanding 3,000 cavalry and 10,000 infantry soldiers, joined by Li Yan ().
Li Shaochen quickly attacked the Former Shu city of Weiwu (威武, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi) and forcing its surrender; he then advanced and captured Feng (鳳州, in modern Baoji) and Xing (興州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi). When a major Former Shu counterattack force, under the commands of the generals Wang Zongxun (), Wang Zongyan (), and Wang Zongyu (), engaged him, he crushed them, forcing them to flee. He then headed directly for the major Former Shu city of Li Prefecture (利州, in modern Guangyuan, Sichuan); the Former Shu major general Wang Zongbi abandoned the city and fled. He advanced further to Mian Prefecture (綿州, in modern Mianyang, Sichuan), and encountered an obstacle there — that, while Former Shu forces had abandoned the city, they destroyed all the food supplies there, as well as the bridge over the Mian River (), which Mian Prefecture sat on. He chose to take only his cavalry soldiers, fording on their horses, across the river, at the great loss of life from drowning, believing that he needed to quickly advance toward the Former Shu capital Chengdu in order to give the Former Shu emperor Wang Zongyan no chance to rest and think. He then captured Han Prefecture (漢州, in modern Deyang, Sichuan).
By this point, Wang Zongbi had become intent on surrendering to Later Tang, to save himself. He forcibly seized Wang Yan and the rest of the imperial household at Chengdu, and then made an overture to surrender on Wang Yan's behalf, addressed to Li Yan. Li Yan went to Chengdu, ascertained that in fact a surrender was forthcoming, and advised Guo and Li Jiji of the same. Li Shaochen thus stopped at Han to wait for Li Jiji and Guo. Wang Zongbi also arrived there to express his intent to surrender. They then headed toward Chengdu together, where Wang Yan formally surrendered, ending Former Shu. Later Tang took control of its territory.
Rebellion and death
Guo Chongtao, however, was closer to Dong Zhang, who also served in the campaign, than he was to Li Shaochen, and, despite Li Shaochen's great accomplishments in the campaign and higher rank than Dong, he consulted Dong on more decisions on the subsequent pacification of the Former Shu territory. Li Shaochen, in displeasure, publicly rebuked Dong several times and at one point threatened to find a reason to put Dong to death under military law. When Dong informed Guo this, Guo decided to exercise imperial authority Li Cunxu delegated to him and commission Dong as the military governor of Dongchuan Circuit (東川, headquartered in modern Mianyang) and relieve Dong's military responsibilities (so that Li Shaochen would not have any excuse to use military law against Dong). Further angered (believing that his military accomplishments entitled him to Dongchuan), Li Shaochen went to see Guo, ostensibly to recommend Ren Huan instead. Guo, instead, angrily responded, "Are you, Li Shaochen, rebelling? How dare you resist my decision?" Li Shaochen, in fear, withdrew from his presence.
However, shortly after, Guo himself fell under deep suspicion by Li Cunxu and his wife Empress Liu (that he would rebel and take over the Former Shu lands), and even though Li Cunxu was hesitant to act against Guo without proof, Empress Liu herself issued an order to Li Jiji that he put Guo to death. Li Jiji did so, and subsequently, Li Cunxu also put Guo's allies, the major general Li Jilin (previously named Zhu Youqian) and Li Cunxu's own brother Li Cun'ai () the Prince of Mu, to death. The deaths of Guo and Li Jilin caused the army morale to plummet, and Li Shaochen himself, while not close to Guo, was shocked. He was further shocked when, as part of the order to slaughter Li Jilin's family, Li Cunxu ordered Dong, not Li Shaochen, to kill Li Jilin's son Zhu Lingde () the military governor of Wuxin Circuit (武信, headquartered in modern Suining, Sichuan). Further, many of Li Shaochen's subordinates were old subordinates of Li Jilin's, and they mourned his death and feared their own deaths (as a number of their colleagues still serving under Li Jilin were killed as well when Li Jilin was killed). They thus urged Li Shaochen to take action. Li Shaochen, who was then serving as the rearguard for Li Jiji on his journey back to the Later Tang capital Luoyang, thus decided to rebel. When he reached Jian Prefecture (劍州, in modern Guangyuan, Sichuan), he declared himself the military governor of Xichuan Circuit (西川, headquartered at Chengdu), claiming to be displacing Meng Zhixiang, whom Li Cunxu had commissioned and who was already at Chengdu by that point. He was quickly able to get some 50,000 people of Shu to join him.
Hearing of Li Shaochen's betrayal, Li Jiji stopped at Li Prefecture (利州, in modern Guangyuan) and ordered Ren to attack Li Shaochen. Meng also sent his officers Li Renhan and Li Yanhou () against Li Shaochen. Li Shaochen looked at these forces lightly, particularly not taking Ren seriously in that Ren was a civilian official. However, Ren defeated him, forcing him into retreating to Han Prefecture and trying to defend it. Han, however, did not have heavy fortifications and was only protected by wooden fences, which Ren was then able to burn. Li Shaochen engaged him again and was again defeated. Li Shaochen fled, but was captured at Mianzhu (綿竹, in modern Deyang). He was delivered to Han, where Meng went to meet Dong and Ren and held a feast. He had Li Shaochen brought to the feast table in his jail wagon (i.e., a mobile jail cell mounted on the wagon), stating to Li Shaochen, "You, Lord, already held the staff and flag of a military governor, and also had great accomplishment in conquering Shu. Why do you fear that you were not going to be honored, and instead got yourself into this jail wagon?" Li Shaochen responded, "Chancellor Guo had the highest accomplishments, including conquering the two Chuans [(i.e., Dongchuan and Xichuan)] without dirtying his sword. But even he was killed even though he was sinless. How can someone like I, Li Shaochen, be assured that I would still have my head? That was why I did not dare to return to the imperial government." Li Shaochen was subsequently delivered to Li Jiji, who continued his march back toward Luoyang. While Li Cunxu was himself shortly after killed in a mutiny at Luoyang, prior to his death, he dispatched the eunuch Xiang Yansi () to Li Jiji, ordering Li Shaochen's death, which was then carried out at Fengxiang (鳳翔, in modern Baoji).
Notes and references
History of the Five Dynasties, vol. 74.
New History of the Five Dynasties, vol. 44.
Zizhi Tongjian, vols. 272, 273, 274, 275.
9th-century births
926 deaths
Executed Later Tang people
Later Liang (Five Dynasties) people born during Tang
Later Liang (Five Dynasties) generals
Later Tang jiedushi of Baoyi Circuit
Later Tang jiedushi of Xichuan Circuit
People executed by Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms state by decapitation
People executed by Later Tang
People from North China
The Vayenga () is a river in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. Of length 25 km, it flows into the Vayenga Bay () of the Kola Bay, Barents Sea.
The town of Severomorsk (formerly Vayenga) is located by the Vayenga Bay.
References
Rivers of Murmansk Oblast
Drainage basins of the Barents Sea
Airlines - Har Udaan Ek Toofan is an Indian television series aired on Star Plus from 24 August 2014 to 1 February 2015 during Sundays. Produced by Miditech, it starred Tulip Joshi and VJ Yudhishtir.
Plot
It follows the journey of an ambitious young woman Ananya Rawat who marks to become a top female pilot amongst this male dominant industry along with the ups and downs between her and her co pilot Akash Saluja.
Cast
Tulip Joshi as Ananya Rawat
VJ Yudhishtir as Akash Saluja
Ankit Kakkar
Himmanshoo A. Malhotra as Rohit Mafatlal
Donal Bisht as journalist
Sonica D'Souza as Natasha Gupta: In-flight manager
Nandamuri Balakrishna
Manju Warrier
Development
Production
Real life pilots were roped for tutoring the actors. The production company collaborated along with Pixion for computer graphics and visual effects.
A setup of Boeing 737 was made for shooting the sequences inside an aircraft at the Noida Film City. ₹85 Lakhs were spent for the construction of the sets.
Originally planned for 26 episodes, it ended with 20 episodes due to low viewership. The shooting of the series was wrapped up on 1 January 2015.
Promotion
Before its premiere, an event was held at Hotel Grand in Delhi for promotion of the series.
Casting
The series marks the television debut of Bollywood actress Tulip Joshi and VJ turned actor Yudhisthir in lead roles. Real life journalist Donal Bisht who was working for News Express, Delhi was cast as to play a journalist onscreen, making her acting debut. Due to the premature end of the series, the plans of actor Himmanshoo A. Malhotra playing dual role and the entry of Kumar Vishwas were dropped.
Filming
Set in Delhi, the series is set in the backdrop of aviation. The series was extensively shot at Noida Film City. It was also shot in Terminal 3 of Indra Gandhi International Airport of Delhi. Besides it was shot in Gurgaon and Manesar.
Training
Reception
Firstpost reviewed the series stating, "It's welcome that a television serial has a working woman as the main lead. Airlines are marked by terrible acting and very poor production value. The direction is very saas-bahu (mother in law - daughter in law), with actors doing triple takes unnecessarily."
News18 quoted, "The story of an ambitious girl's journey through a world of gender discrimination is a must-watch."
The Indian Express rated it 1/2 stating, "The two episodes we have seen so far have been very turbulent in nature. The special effects too are basic, and nothing that make the flying experience thrilling or soaring. This show — and Ananya — needs more punch if they want to crack the glass ceiling."
Overall, it received criticism mainly for its Visual Effects.
References
Hindi-language television shows
StarPlus original programming
2014 Indian television series debuts
2015 Indian television series endings
Indian television soap operas
Serial drama television series
Aviation television series
Helcystogramma melanocarpa is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Nova Scotia to New Brunswick to South Carolina and to Texas.
The wingspan is about 11 mm. The forewings are ochreous whitish sprinkled with grey. The stigmata form roundish black spots, the second discal largest, the plical slightly before the first discal. There is a marginal series of black dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are light grey, paler towards the base. Adults are on wing from March to August.
References
Moths described in 1929
melanocarpa
Moths of North America
Elkin Gilberto Barrera Chapparo (born July 6, 1971 in Sogamoso, Boyacá) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional rider from 1995 to 2000.
Career
1995
4th in General Classification Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
1996
1st in Stage 10 Vuelta a Colombia, Cali (COL)
4th in General Classification Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
1997
1st in Stage 5 Vuelta a Colombia, Sevilla (COL)
2000
1st in Stage 7 Clásico RCN, Madrid (COL)
References
1971 births
Living people
People from Sogamoso
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Sportspeople from Boyacá Department
Slagdijkstermolen is a smock mill in Feinsum, Friesland, the Netherlands which has been restored to working order. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 24540.
History
Slagdijkstermolen was built in 1864. It drained the Slagdijksterpolder, which was in extent. In 1931, a diesel engine was placed in the mill and a new Archimedes' screw fitted. The sails were removed in 1938, and the cap was removed in 1952.
In the 1980s, plans were made to restore the mill. The Slagdijkstermolen was sold to Stichting De Fryske Mole (English: Frisian Mills Foundation) on 17 December 1985. In 2006-07, the mill was restored with €60,000 being granted by the province of Friesland towards the costs. The new cap was fitted on the mill on 20 September 2007. The restoration incorporated parts from the Cammingha-Buurstermolen, Leeuwarden which had burnt down. The mill was officially opened in May 2009. The mill forms a pair with the nearby Balkendsterpoldermolen, Oude Leije.
Description
Slagdijkstermolen is what the Dutch describe as an achtkante grondzeiler - a smock mill whose sails reach almost to the ground. It is a two-storey smock mill on a single-storey base. The mill is winded by tailpole and winch. The smock and cap are thatched. The sails are Common sails. They have a span of . The sails are carried on a cast-iron windshaft. The axle of the Archimedes' screw is 525 millimetres (20¾ inches) diameter and the screw is diameter. The screw is inclined at 26½°. Each revolution of the screw lifts of water.
Public access
Slagdijkstermolen is open to the public by appointment.
References
Windmills in Friesland
Windmills completed in 1864
Smock mills in the Netherlands
Windpumps in the Netherlands
Rijksmonuments in Friesland
Octagonal buildings in the Netherlands
The Sittingbourne & Kemsley Light Railway in Kent is a narrow gauge heritage railway that operates from Sittingbourne to the banks of The Swale.
The line was developed as an industrial railway by papermaker Frank Lloyd in 1904, to transport pulp materials and finished products between Ridham Dock, on the Swale, and the company's paper mill at Sittingbourne, and from the mid-1920s to a second mill at Kemsley.
In the late 1960s, the railway faced closure by its then owners Bowater, but the Locomotive Club of Great Britain accepted an offer to operate the railway from 1970. However, the section of line from Kemsley Down to Ridham Dock was abandoned for redevelopment of the paper mills.
In 2008-09, the line survived a threat of closure due to the owners of Sittingbourne Paper Mill closing the mill and selling the land. The lease then held by the railway expired in January 2009, but negotiations resulted in the railway being saved, although no public trains ran in 2009.
In September 2010, press reports announced the possibility that the railway would operate an anniversary service - over a short section between Kemsley Down Station and the Milton Regis Halt - to celebrate 40 years of operation. The service carried more than 700 passengers over several days during October.
In 2011, the railway reopened in late May and operated until the end of September. During this time, Milton Regis Viaduct's deferred maintenance, from winter 2008, was carried out and Essential Land's contractors completed the removal of pipelines around Sittingbourne Viaduct station. The last train of the season ran over Milton Regis Viaduct to the gate at Sittingbourne Viaduct station - the first public train to cross the Viaduct since 26 December 2008.
2012 saw the railway return to Sittingbourne Viaduct when it reopened on Sunday 27 May. (See "Reopening" section below.)
History
In 1905, the horse-drawn tramway operating around the paper mill was upgraded to steam operation with the purchase of two steam locomotives, "Premier" and "Leader", which were still there for the centenary celebrations in 2005. Other locomotives were bought for use on the railway as the network expanded.
In the 1960s, a time-and-motion study was undertaken by the owners, Bowaters UK, and the railway was deemed to be more expensive than road transport and was closed. However, Bowaters UK offered the main line, some of the locos and rolling stock of the railway to the Locomotive Club of Great Britain for preservation as a tourist railway. Other locomotives and rolling stock were sold to the Great Whipsnade Railway and the Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway. The SKLR is now the longest continuous operator of the railway.
In January 2007, M-real closed Sittingbourne Paper Mill. However, Church Marshes Country Park now has a managing committee and will see the surrounding area between Milton Regis Halt and Kemsley Down being turned into a fully-fledged country park.
Preservation
The railway is now operated by the Sittingbourne & Kemsley Light Railway and operates over almost of the original main line from Sittingbourne Viaduct station to Kemsley Down station. It crosses one of the first and longest reinforced concrete viaducts in the world between Sittingbourne Viaduct and Milton Regis Halt stations.
The main fleet of locomotives worked the railway before it was preserved. "Barton Hall" was the first new arrival on the railway in over 25 years on long term loan and was eventually purchased by the railway to assist with railway operations.
In 2005, the railway had its first ever visit of a steam loco: 'Chevallier' returned to the railway after being sold to a new owner. It arrived at the railway on a low loader days before the centenary celebrations and stayed on site until early 2006, when it was taken away for restoration. 'Chevallier' was originally built for the Admiralty's Chattenden & Upnor Railway before being sold to Bowaters for use on the Paper Railway, and later moved to the Great Whipsnade Railway. Excelsior, Conqueror and Superior also moved to the Great Whipsnade Railway when it officially opened in 1970.
The railway was closed to the public for the 2009 season.
Closure threat
It was announced on the Meridian Television local news on 22 August 2008 that the railway was expected to close at the end of the year. The last public train was scheduled to depart Sittingbourne Viaduct at 14:00 on 26 December 2008, although the operating company were hoping that negotiations to keep the railway open into the future might be successful.
The railway attempted to buy the land it occupies. A bid of £1 was submitted in view of the high cost of removing asbestos-covered pipes alongside the line. The bid was rejected by M-real. English Heritage is considering whether or not to list the 118-span Milton Regis Viaduct. As well as the railway, the future of three feral cats that live under the café at Kemsley was also threatened. It was announced at the National Railway Museum on 4 September 2008 that the railway had won the 2008 Small Group award from the Heritage Railway Association.
The Heritage Railway Association supported a bid to secure the railway, overseen by Julian Birley of the North Norfolk Railway. Swale Borough Council were also reported as backing the scheme. At a full meeting of Swale Borough Council on 17 September, General Manager Tony James's speech resulted in the council unanimously voting to support the railway in its fight to survive. Mr James credited the Heritage Railway Association with influencing the decision of the council by their actions in giving the award. On 21 September, the railway was visited by Baron Faulkner, chairman of the Railway Heritage Committee, a statutory body which oversees the preservation of railway artefacts in the United Kingdom. Lord Faulkner asked that the railway write to the Secretary of State for Transport in a bid for powers to gain a Compulsory Purchase Order which will enable the railway to buy the trackbed.
The line's "Farewell Gala" on 27–28 September was declared a massive success, with the timetable being abandoned after the first train on the Saturday and altogether on the Sunday. Around 600 passengers were carried each day. After pressure from local MP Derek Wyatt, a meeting was held on 7 October between the railway and M-real about the future of the railway. A screening of the film The Titfield Thunderbolt took place at Sittingbourne on 16 November to raise money for the fighting fund.
In November 2008, the railway was contracted to remove asbestos pipes from a section alongside the railway. On 12 November, Triumph was used to haul the train, just days before its boiler certificate expired.
It was revealed that the Government had been asked to use international diplomacy in the campaign to prevent closure. Lord Faulkner wrote to Lord Adonis asking for intervention at inter-Government level with the Finnish Government in an attempt to influence the decisions of Metsäliitto Group, who own M-real, to resolve the situation. At a meeting of Swale Borough Council on 12 November, representatives of M-real and their land agents refused to alter their position over the line. The preferred bidder for the land which the line occupies was to be announced on 18 December.
In November 2008, the railway carried commercial freight again. Some of the pipework that ran alongside the line was dismantled, and removed to Kemsley Down by rail as there was no road access. Triumph provided the motive power on 12 November as a one-off. The "last train" ran on 26 December, hauled by Triumph on her last day in service before her boiler certificate expired. It was driven by Keith Twyman, who had driven the first train when the SKLR opened. A power cut at Kemsley Down meant that some of the railway's staff were unable to access the railway, so an empty stock working was run to Sittingbourne to collect them. After the final public service had run, a member special was run. Although there had been no response from M-Real, the railway was planning a week of engineering work in mid-January and also to continue the restoration of Superb. It was reported that the railway was planning to run trains on the line even after the lease expired on 29 January. Swale Borough Council's portfolio holder for regeneration was authorised to continue negotiations with M-Real with a view to retaining the whole of the railway on its present site. It was reported that M-Real had offered to sell a half mile (800m) length of the line to the council, who could then lease it to SKLR. This was dismissed by the railway as being impracticable as there was no road access to the stretch of line.
Reports that the railway would continue to run after its lease had expired were dismissed as speculation as negotiations between SKLR, Swale Borough Council, developers and M-Real continued. It was announced on 24 March 2009 that negotiations had been concluded between SKLR and M-Real. A press release stated:-
The freehold of Kemsley Down station is held by D F Smith Ltd, owner of St Regis Paper. The viaduct and Sittingbourne station are part of the estate which D F Smith Ltd are purchasing from M-Real and the SKLR need to negotiate future use of these sites. The railway announced that no public trains will run for the 2009 season, although Melior appeared at a steam rally at Preston-next-Wingham, Kent on 27 and 28 June, running on temporary track. Melior was also in action at Preston-next-Wingham on 1 January 2010.
In January 2010, it was reported that the railway was operating security trains over the line for M-Real in a bid to deter thieves from stealing metal for scrap. Three travellers received burns when they tried to steal live electricity cables from the viaduct at Milton Regis. The large pipeline which carries water at high pressure between Sittingbourne and Kemsley mills had also been damaged in an attempted theft.
Landlord D S Smith, owners of the Kemsley site have agreed to allow the SKLR to retain use of the site. As of January 2010, the station at Sittingbourne and the viaduct had not found a buyer.
At the start of September 2010, it was announced that the Railway would briefly reopen in October, running a series of passenger train specials on 24, 27, 30 and 31 October 2010. A number of volunteer work days were organised to prepare the line for these specials, and over 700 passengers were carried between Milton Regis and Kemsley Down. The line then closed again for ongoing maintenance, mainly to the viaduct, with the intention of reopening a full service between Sittingbourne Viaduct and Kemsley Down stations from 2012 onwards.
Reopening
The Sittingbourne & Kemsley Light Railway was originally planned to reopen on Good Friday 2012 but discovery of asbestos at the lineside caused a postponement to Sunday 27 May when the line between Sittingbourne Viaduct and Kemsley Down stations was finally reopened. The first train was hauled by Leader which carried about 200 passengers. The season ran until the last weekend in September. The reopening was branded as Return to Sittingbourne Viaduct and Back in Town.
Steam locomotives Leader returned to service in April and Superb in July respectively to ease the workload on Melior.
The Railway celebrated its Golden Anniversary of Handover in September/October 2019 and the 50th anniversary of public trains in 2020. 2022 is the 50th Anniversary of the Sittingbourne & Kemsley Light Railway as a separate entity.
Milton Regis Viaduct
Milton Regis Viaduct carries the line between Sittingbourne Viaduct station and Milton Regis (Asda) Halt, it is 2,895 feet (883 metres) long and consists of 118 spans and six bridges (crossing The Wall, Flushing Street, Milton Creek, Kings Street, Gas Road and Cook's Lane). It was constructed in 1914-15 out of reinforced concrete by Trollope & Colls Ltd with engineers Rendel, Palmer & Tritton. Believed to be the longest concrete viaduct in the UK. Its initial cost was £10,615 () and has cost the Sittingbourne & Kemsley Light Railway £105,000 (to date) to repair and maintain - funded from the railway's revenues, as the railway receives no external funding. During the winter of 2016/17, extensive additional repairs were carried out to Skew/Gas Road Bridge due to damage caused by over-height vehicles striking the bridge during the Gas Road/Cook's Lane lowering project. These repairs cost an unplanned £20k, in addition to the regular £20k maintenance bill on even-numbered years.
Locomotives
See also
British narrow gauge railways
References
External links
The Railway website
Fighting fund
Transport in Swale
Heritage railways in Kent
2 ft 6 in gauge railways in England
Sittingbourne
The pompadour cotinga (Xipholena punicea) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. This species lives in the Amazonian rainforest and has a range that extends across the Amazon Basin and includes Brazil, Peru, Colombia, Venezuela, and the Guianas. The pompadour cotinga is primarily a frugivore but has been known to consume insects on occasion. This species of cotinga is distinct in that the males have a burgundy head and body, bright white wings, and yellow eyes. Like other members of the Cotingidae, this species is sexually dimorphic and the females have a pale grey head and body. Although there are not many documented observations of the nesting behavior of these birds, the males are known to perform elaborate mating displays for the females who then raise the young alone.
Due to its arboreal habitat and generally remote distribution, behavior observations are rare. Pompadour cotinga coloration has been studied extensively, but little is known about the natural history of its behavior and existence in its habitat. Despite threats to Amazonian habitat in recent years, the pompadour cotinga remains a species of the least concern.
Taxonomy
The first documentation of the pompadour cotinga was in the 1764 auction catalogue of Dutch natural history collector Adriaan Vroeg which listed many species of birds and mammal specimen which were to be sold in glass cases. The catalogue included an appendix Adumbratiunculae by the Dutch naturalist Peter Simon Pallas. This was written in Latin and used the protonym Turdus puniceus to describe the species. Birds of the family Cotingidae tend to share certain characteristics such as hooked beaks, strong sexual dimorphism, and mating displays performed by the males. The most recent phylogeny created in 2014 examined the family using genetic analyses of both nuclear and mitochondrial genes, and compared the results to the synapomorphies among birds of certain clades. The breeding behavior and sexual dimorphism of certain species did not seem to be connected to the phylogenetic relationships that had been created from the genetic data. However, certain characteristics such as vocal activity did correlate with shared anatomical morphologies among certain clades and were used to support the genetic data. For instance, members of Xipholena punicea tend to be quieter than other members of Cotingidae and that behavior is shared with their sister taxa Carpodectes. This low vocal activity is likely reflected in the syrinx morphology of both species of birds. In addition to this characteristic, these genera share physical similarities such as the bright white wings which are displayed as the male birds fly through the tree tops.
Description
Individuals of the Xipholena punicea are sexually dimorphic, with males displaying bright, complex colorization and females appearing more pale and grey. Males of this species have yellow eyes, stark white primary coverts with black wing tips, and a glossy, wine-red head and body. The distinguished burgundy color of the male individuals was previously thought to be a combination of "blue structural color and red carotenoid," but recent experimentation has shown that this species of Cotingidae does not utilize structural coloration. This distinct colorization consists of pigments from eight different carotenoids, six of which are unique to the Xipholena punicea species itself. These six pigments were found to be "ring-substituted, methoxy carotenoids" and were likely formed through chemical reactions of other dietary carotenoids. These species-specific carotenoids are significant in the study of Xipholena punicea because other species of birds are not known to use the same pathways for carotenoid construction that are used by the pompadour cotinga. Additionally, the complexity of the creation of these pigments allows for an added diversity in the carotenoid products themselves and further distinguishes X. punicea from other members of the genus.
Both male and female pompadour cotinga have a "short beak and wide gape". This trait is shared by other members of the family Cotingidae and is indicative of a frugivorous diet. Eggs of this species are not well documented, but have been described as bluish-grey and blotched. In addition, chicks undergo a change from white to a blotched-grey color, possibly serving as a form of camouflage in the nest.
Distribution and habitat
Members of the X. punicea occupy the canopy layer of rainforests across South America, including regions in Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela, and the Guianas. In the Northern Peruvian Amazon, they live in the varillal (white sand forest) regions and forage in groups in the Caraipa tereticaulis trees along the Nanay River. Pompadour cotingas generally live in areas of thick vegetation and white, sandy soil which has been darkened and acidified by the decomposition of vegetative material. There have also been rare sightings of possible vagrants in Bolivia and eastern Ecuador outside of their established range.
Behavior
Diet
The pompadour cotinga is primarily a frugivore, but it consumes insects opportunistically. Members of the species forage in small groupings, and use frequent vocalizations of a “PURP!” noise to communicate with one another.10 Captive pompadour cotingas have been observed occasionally consuming larger prey. One particular species account described a male pompadour cotinga grabbing an anole and hitting it on a perch before beginning to eat it. Pompadour cotingas may supplement their frugivorous diet with meat during the breeding season when there is increased energy expenditure and young birds to feed.
Reproduction
There are limited observations of the pompadour cotinga in the wild, with most accounts documenting the complex mating ritual of the species although the exact breeding season is unknown. Males flock in small groups to areas where a female has been spotted constructing a nest. The males then participate in “ritualized chasing,” which possibly communicates an order of dominance among the males to the female. As each male flies to a perch occupied by another male to steal their place, they flash their bright white wings over the area where the female watches below. These mating displays tend to be silent on behalf of the males, yet there is a slight noise emanating from the movement of the wings. A pair is formed shortly after breeding, but this relationship is short-lived and abandoned once nesting begins.
Parental Care
Documentation of parental care in the pompadour cotinga is rare, but it is known that the species is polygynous and that females are the primary caregiver for the young offspring. Additionally, there is usually only one egg per nest. In an account by ornithologist Marcelo Barreiros, the female pompadour cotinga was very attentive to the single egg in the shallow nest that she had built for it, leaving only to forage for food. Once the chick hatched a few days later, the mother spent the majority of the observational period attempting to shield the young chick from the sun. The mother of the chick also fed it berries and ate the feces of the young chick.
Relationship with humans
The most recent information on the conservation status of the Xipholena punicea is from an evaluation conducted in August 2018 and has placed the species as of the least concern. However, the destruction of the Amazon rainforest has interfered with the habitat of these birds and the species is “suspected to lose 11.5-12.6% of suitable habitat… over three generations,” with the population decreasing in suit. Luckily, there is a protection of land and water across the entirety of the habitat but the species itself is not included in any international legislation enforcing protection and there is no plan in place to deal with species recovery in the event of disaster.13
Research involving the pompadour cotinga has been difficult because it lives high in the rainforest and is normally concealed from view. In recent years, there has been advocation for improved methods of data collection in the rainforest with one researcher, Bruno Walther, proposing the use of cranes in the field to increase access to the canopy level. Despite the hindrance to observational studies, there is a benefit to living in the canopy. Canopy birds were found to be present in disturbed habitats at higher rates than species who occupy lower levels of the forest. This is likely due to their unique ability to leave regions of disaster and low resources more easily than other species.
References
Further reading
Snow, D.W. (1971). "Display of the Pompadour Cotinga Xipholena punicea." Ibis 113(1):102-104
pompadour cotinga
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Sexual dimorphism
Carotenoids
Cotingidae
Re Agriplant Services Ltd [1997] 2 BCLC 598 is a UK insolvency law case, concerning voidable preferences under s 239 of the Insolvency Act 1986. It is an example of what will be considered an unlawful and voidable preference when a company is close to insolvency.
Facts
Agriplant leased some equipment from Closed Asset Finance Ltd (CAF) for its agricultural and earth moving business. It owed £20,000 to CAF, and the debt was guaranteed by Agriplant's majority shareholder, Mr George Sagar. An accountant advised no payments should be made to any creditors, but when Agriplant got more money on one of its contracts, it paid off CAF. It went into liquidation shortly after. One of the liquidators was the accountant. The liquidators sought an order that Mr Sagar or CAF should repay the £20,000 sum. Mr Sagar argued he had no desire to put himself or CAF in a better position before liquidation began.
Judgment
Jonathan Parker J ordered repayment by Closed Asset Finance Ltd of the £20,000. It was indisputable that the payment to CAF improved CAF's position and Mr Sagar's position (because he was going to be liable under the guarantee). It was therefore a voidable preference under the Insolvency Act 1986, s.239(4). Mr Sagar had his own liability in mind, so he wanted to reduce Agriplant's debt and his own personal liability.
See also
Re MC Bacon Ltd (No 1) [1990] BCC 78 Ch D
Notes
United Kingdom insolvency case law
High Court of Justice cases
1997 in case law
1997 in British law
The 1993–94 Lebanese Premier League season was the 34th season of the Lebanese Premier League, the top Lebanese professional league for association football clubs in the country, established in 1934.
Ansar, the defending champions, won their sixth consecutive—and overall—Lebanese Premier League title.
League table
External links
RSSSF
Leb
1993–94 in Lebanese football
Lebanese Premier League seasons
Statistics of Lao League in the 2007 season.
Overview
Lao-American College FC won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Lao Premier League seasons
1
Laos
Laos
Twin Lakes is an unincorporated place in northern Alberta under the jurisdiction of the County of Northern Lights.
It is located along the Mackenzie Highway (Highway 35), approximately north of the Town of Manning.
County of Northern Lights
Steel Vengeance, formerly known as Mean Streak, is a steel roller coaster at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio. The roller coaster was rebuilt by Rocky Mountain Construction (RMC) and opened to the public on May 5, 2018. It features RMC's patented I-Box Track technology utilizing a significant portion of Mean Streak's former support structure. Upon completion, Steel Vengeance set 10 world records.
Originally constructed by Dinn Corporation, Mean Streak opened to the public on May 11, 1991, as the tallest wooden coaster in the world with the longest drop height. After more than 25 years of operation, Cedar Point closed Mean Streak on September 16, 2016, casting doubt and uncertainty regarding the ride's future. Over time, the park dropped subtle hints about a possible track conversion, which was officially confirmed in August 2017. It was marketed as the world's first hybrid hypercoaster – a wooden and steel roller coaster at least in height – and reemerged as Steel Vengeance. A minor collision on opening day led to a temporary closure and later modifications from RMC.
History
Wooden coaster
Cedar Point revealed in 1990 that a new roller coaster would be built for the 1991 season. It was officially named Mean Streak on October 24, 1990. Construction began two months earlier in late August 1990 with land preparation. It continued through the rest of the year and spring of the following year. Mean Streak opened with the park's seasonal debut on May 11, 1991, in the Frontiertown section of the park behind one of Cedar Point & Lake Erie Railroad's stations. The ride's media day press conference was held on May 22, 1991.
Mean Streak was one of eleven roller coasters designed and manufactured by Ohio-based Dinn Corporation before the company went out of business in 1992. It was a twister coaster model designed by Curtis D. Summers, and the ride cost $7.5 million to construct. In September 2010, a small section caught fire, which was quickly contained by firefighters to a small portion of the ride.
Hybrid refurbishment
On August 1, 2016, Cedar Point announced that Mean Streak would offer its last rides to the public on September 16, 2016. Park officials, however, declined to confirm that the ride was being torn down. Following its closure, unconfirmed rumors emerged that the roller coaster was being refurbished by Rocky Mountain Construction (RMC), a manufacturing company well known for its restoration work on existing wooden roller coasters. The company has refurbished, and in many cases completely transformed, other wooden roller coasters with applications of either of its two patented technologies: I-Box and Topper track.
Cedar Point began teasing the public on the ride's future with the release of an 18-second teaser video entitled "They're Coming" on April 1, 2017. Cedar Point showed video shots briefly panning several elements of the rumored conversion. Another similar video showing snippets of the new ride was released a few months later in June. Three more videos were released over the summer of 2017, with catchphrases “They‘re rollin' in like thunder," "There's a score to settle," and "They stake their claim." On August 16, 2017, Cedar Point held an official announcement for Steel Vengeance. It was also announced that a virtual recreation of the ride would be made available in the PC video game, Planet Coaster.
Steel Vengeance opened to the public on May 5, 2018, but a minor collision between two trains forced Steel Vengeance to remain closed for most of its opening day. The coaster resumed operation with only a single train while RMC investigated the issue and made modifications. The ride was closed on certain weekday mornings to allow RMC to make repairs. The park temporarily removed the ride from its Fast Lane Plus lineup and considered timed boarding passes as a result of its limited capacity. Normal two-train operation resumed on June 1, 2018.
Following an incident on Twisted Timbers at Kings Dominion, where a phone hit a rider in the face during the ride, Cedar Point issued a temporary ban on cell phones when entering the ride's queue beginning in August 2018. The ban was lifted the following season after zipper pouches were installed on the trains to safely secure loose items. Metal detectors were installed in the queue, ensuring that all loose articles were placed in these pouches. The pouches were removed in 2020 following the COVID-19 pandemic, and the previous ban was reinstated.
Characteristics
Mean Streak's wooden track was approximately in length and the height of the lift hill was approximately . It was constructed from 1.7 million board feet (4,000 m³) of treated southern yellow pine. In 1994, a trim brake was installed on the first drop reducing its overall speed in an attempt to prevent abnormal track wear and increase ride comfort. Over the years, Mean Streak had been re-tracked several times. Some re-tracking was completed by Martin & Vleminckx. Prior to the 2012 operating season, many sections of track after the first drop were replaced. This was the most significant work done on the ride since it opened. Also, in 2012, a portion of the queue was removed to make room for a new building. The building is located in the infield of Mean Streak and is used for the HalloWeekends haunted house, Eden Musee. It is also used for storage during the off-season and summer.
Mean Streak operated with three trains manufactured by Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters (PTC) that were colored red, gold, and green. Each train had seven cars with riders arranged two across in two rows for a total of 28 riders per train. The minimum height required to ride was , and guests were secured by an individual ratcheting lap bar and seat belt. During the 2011–2012 off-season, all three trains were sent to PTC's headquarters for maintenance and refurbishment.
After the conversion to Steel Vengeance, the coaster's track length was extended to and the ride's peak height was increased to . Its three new trains are each based on a character from the themed backstory of the ride: Jackson "Blackjack" Chamberlain, Chess "Wild One" Watkins, and Wyatt "Digger" Dempsey."
Ride experience
Mean Streak
After leaving the station, the Mean Streak train passed through the storage tracks and made a 180-degree turn to the right, before ascending the lift hill. After cresting the top of the hill, the train dropped at a 52-degree-angle, reaching a top speed of . While dropping, riders went through a set of trim brakes on the first drop. Riders then went through a twisted turnaround followed by a small airtime hill, and then another twisted turnaround. The train maneuvered over the lift hill and dipped down to the right. After that, the train traveled through the ride's structure and down another hill, turning to the left into the mid-course brake run. The train then dipped down to the left into another airtime hill. Riders then went through several small airtime hills and turned through the ride's structure followed by the final brake run. One cycle of the ride lasted 3 minutes and 13 seconds, making it the former longest duration of any roller coaster at Cedar Point.
When Mean Streak opened in 1991, it was the tallest wooden roller coaster in the world and featured the longest drop. Upon closure in 2016, Mean Streak had the seventh tallest lift, the tenth fastest speed, the fourth longest track-length and the seventh longest drop.
Steel Vengeance
After leaving the station, the train makes a 180-degree right turn, passes over two small bunny hills, and begins its ascent up the lift hill. After cresting the top of the lift hill, the train drops at a 90-degree angle, reaching its maximum speed of . After this drop, the train traverses a small airtime hill, followed by a climb into a larger airtime hill, which drops riders slightly to the right. Next, the train climbs up a left outward banked hill, dips slightly right, and passes over another small airtime hill, which leads to the first inversion, a zero-g roll. After this, the train dips right, passes underneath the lift hill, and traverses an overbanked right turn, which leads into the second inversion, a half stall, that sees the train pass through the lift hill structure for a second time. Then, the train dips straight, passes over a small airtime hill, and climbs up a hill. The train then makes an upward left-hand turn, which leads to the mid-course brake run. Following this, the train makes another sharp left turn into a short, steep drop slightly to the left. Next, the train navigates an upward, slightly overbanked turn to the left, traverses another airtime hill, then upward into a slightly overbanked left turn. This is followed by a small drop into a high-speed overbanked left turn, which leads into the third inversion, a zero-g roll. Next is a double-up into another high-speed overbanked left turn, which leads into the fourth inversion, a final zero-g roll. Next, another overbanked left turn into an airtime hill, followed by four more airtime hills, which lead to the final brake run back into the station. One cycle of the ride lasts 2 minutes and 30 seconds.
World records
Steel Vengeance broke 10 world records when it opened:
World's tallest hybrid roller coaster at
World's fastest hybrid roller coaster at
World's steepest drop on a hybrid roller coaster at 90 degrees
World's longest drop on a hybrid roller coaster at
World's longest hybrid roller coaster at
Most inversions on a hybrid roller coaster at 4
Fastest airtime hill on a hybrid roller coaster at
Most airtime on a hybrid roller coaster at 27.2 seconds
Most airtime on any roller coaster at 27.2 seconds
World's first "hyper-hybrid" roller coaster
Reception
Writers from The Pantagraph stated that Mean Streak was "the best-kept-secret at Cedar Point," as it was located at the very back of the park. The ride was also featured on the Today show in 1992 in connection with the 100th anniversary of roller coasters.
Mean Streak had been ranked as one of the most popular wooden roller coasters in the world. Amusement Today magazine's Golden Ticket Awards ranked Mean Streak as one of the world's 50 best wooden roller coasters nine times from 1998 to 2012.
Steel Vengeance received the Golden Ticket Award for Best New Ride in 2018. It has also been ranked among the top 50 steel coasters every year since its reopening, except in 2020, when the Golden Ticket Awards were not held.
Incidents
During opening day on May 5, 2018, Steel Vengeance was temporarily closed following a minor collision between two trains. As a train was reentering the station, it "lightly bumped" another parked train. Four riders were treated for minor injuries and later returned to the park.
On July 21, 2018, a 17-year-old boy was arrested and charged with a misdemeanor for throwing a hot sauce packet at a moving train. Seven people were treated by the park's EMS after the packet exploded and hit them in the face and eyes.
On August 10, 2018, a tire from the drive system located near the brake run became detached and landed near the queue. The ride was then evacuated and reopened later that same evening.
See also
Twisted Timbers – a roller coaster at sister park Kings Dominion that underwent a similar conversion.
References
External links
Cedarpoint.com – Official Mean Streak page
Mean Streak Photo Gallery
Steel Vengeance at Rocky Mountain Construction
Roller coasters in Ohio
Cedar Point
Hybrid roller coasters
Roller coasters operated by Cedar Fair
1991 establishments in Ohio
Best New Ride winners
Paul Byrne may refer to:
Paul Byrne (footballer, born 1972), Irish footballer, former Celtic and Southend United player
Paul Byrne (soccer, born 1982), South African footballer, former Port Vale player
Paul Byrne (footballer, born 1986), Irish football player currently at Ballarat Red Devils
Paul Byrne (hurler) (born 1949), Irish retired hurler
Paul Byrne (journalist) (born 1978), Irish journalist, formerly of the BBC and RT
Paul Byrne (runner) (born 1976), Australian gold medalist at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics
Paul L. Byrne, served in the California legislature
P. J. Byrne (Paul Jeffrey Byrne, born 1974), American film and television actor
See also
Paul Burns (disambiguation)
Paul Bern (1889–1932), American film producer
Matlock Bath railway station is a Grade II listed railway station owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Railway. It is located in the village of Matlock Bath in Derbyshire, England. The station is unmanned by rail staff and is located on the Derwent Valley Line, north of Derby towards Matlock.
History
Opened by the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midland Junction Railway on 4 June 1849, the station closed on 6 March 1967, and reopened on 27 May 1972.
In recent times the usage of the station has increased; for example in the year 1 April 2009 to 31 March 2010 journeys increased by 62%.
The station buildings have an unusual 'chalet' style, inspired by the romantic notion at the time that the resort was England's Little Switzerland. The Heights of Abraham cable car runs from near the station up to the Heights of Abraham visitor attraction.
The station buildings have been occupied by Derbyshire Wildlife Trust since the 1980s and were restored in period-style and opened as a cafe/visitor centre in 2019 after a grant from the National Lottery Heritage Fund, with additional support from Derbyshire Dales and Derbyshire County councils, and other donations.
Stationmasters
David Ritchie ca. 1849 ca. 1853
Robert Skirrow ca. 1857 - 1860
W. Jordan 1860 - 1861
William Rich 1861 - ca. 1864
Charles Ward ca. 1870 - 1885
William Richardson 1885 - 1898 (afterwards station master at Buxton)
Albert C. Bilham 1898 - 1907 (formerly station master at Bakewell)
Frank Porter 1907 - ???? (formerly station master at Bakewell)
Henry Lovatt ca. 1911 - 1914
John Allen 1914 - 1923
William Edward Parsons 1923 - 1931 (formerly station master at Duffield)
George White 1931 - 1947
William Rosling 1947 - 1968
Services
The station is served by East Midlands Railway, who operate the following service:
Monday to Saturday –
Hourly service westbound to and eastbound to calling at all intermediate stations. The last eastbound service is extended to .
Sunday –
Two-hourly service westbound to and eastbound to via calling at all intermediate stations except Spondon. The service frequency increases to hourly from mid-afternoon.
Services are formed using diesel multiple units of Classes 153, 156 or 158.
Public safety issues
In October 2015 Network Rail released CCTV footage showing members of the public taking selfie photographs on the main crossing over the tracks at the station. Network Rail issued a safety warning asserting the railways were not for taking photographs on and that trains can appear without warning. Network Rail said it was releasing the footage to highlight the dangerous practices, particularly involving children on the railway line. The crossing has since been closed to the public.
See also
Listed buildings in Matlock Bath
References
External links
National Railway Museum - Matlock Bath station, 1903
Derwent Valley Line Community Rail Partnership
Derwent Valley Line East Midlands Trains Community Rail Partnership
Grade II listed buildings in Derbyshire
Railway stations in Derbyshire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1849
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1967
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1972
Reopened railway stations in Great Britain
Railway stations served by East Midlands Railway
Beeching closures in England
1849 establishments in England
The 2011 Saudi Crown Prince Cup Final was the 36th final of the Crown Prince Cup. It took place on 15 April 2011 at the King Abdul Aziz Stadium in Makkah, Saudi Arabia and was contested between Al-Wehda and Al-Hilal. It was Al-Wehda's sixth Crown Prince Cup final and Al-Hilal's 11th final. This was the second meeting between these two clubs in the final. It was Al-Wehda's first final since 1973 and Al-Hilal's fourth final in a row.
Al-Hilal won the match 5–0 to claim their tenth Crown Prince Cup title and their fourth one in a row. By winning the match 5–0, Al-Hilal recorded the biggest victory in Crown Prince Cup finals.
Teams
Venue
The King Abdul Aziz Stadium was announced as the host of the final venue. This was the first Crown Prince Cup final to be hosted in the King Abdul Aziz Stadium as well as the first domestic final to be held in the stadium.
The King Abdul Aziz Stadium was opened in 1986. The stadium was used as a venue for the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games and hosted the final. Its current capacity is 28,000 and it is used by Al-Wehda as a home stadium.
Background
Prior to the final, the Saudi FF announced that they had redesigned the Crown Prince Cup trophy and that the new trophy would be handed to the winners of the final.
Al-Wehda reached their sixth final after defeating Al-Ettifaq 3–2 on penalties following their 2–2 draw. Al-Wehda became the first team to reach the final without winning a single match. They reached their first final since 1973 when they finished runners-up to Al-Nassr following a 2–1 defeat.
Al-Hilal reached their eleventh final after a 2–0 win against city rivals Al-Nassr. This was Al-Hilal's fourth final in a row.
This was the second meeting between these two sides in the Crown Prince Cup final. Al-Hilal won the match 4–3 in 1964. The two teams played each other twice in the season prior to the final with Al-Hilal winning both matches.
Road to the final
Key: (H) = Home; (A) = Away
Match
Details
{| width="100%"
|valign="top" width="40%"|
See also
2010–11 Saudi Crown Prince Cup
2010–11 Saudi Professional League
2011 King Cup of Champions
References
External links
Sports competitions in Saudi Arabia
April 2011 sports events in Asia
Al-Wehda Club (Mecca)
Al Hilal SFC matches
Tadeo Zarratea Dávalos (born 28 October 1946 in Yuty) is a Paraguayan lawyer, activist, linguist, and author.
Graduated as lawyer and linguist at Universidad Nacional de Asunción, he has long advocated for the rights of indigenous people.
He became famous as the author of Kalaito Pombero, one of the first novels to ever be written in the Guarani language.
Selected works
(with Feliciano Acosta Alcaraz)
(with Feliciano Acosta Alcaraz)
References
External links
Tadeo Zarratea - WorldCat
1946 births
Living people
Universidad Nacional de Asunción alumni
20th-century Paraguayan lawyers
Paraguayan activists
Linguists from Paraguay
Paraguayan male writers
Guarani-language writers
21st-century Paraguayan lawyers
The City Marshalsea was a debtor's prison in Dublin, Ireland. Debtors were imprisoned there by order of the Court of Conscience and Lord Mayor's Court of the county of the city of Dublin. The maximum debt was £10 in the Lord Mayor's Court, and 40s. (£2) in the Court of
Conscience.
Name
Other debtor's prisons in Dublin which shared the name were the Four Courts Marshalsea, and the Marshalseas of Saint Sepulchre (abolished 1856) and of Thomas Court and Donore (abolished 1826). The original Marshalsea prison from which these were named was built in Southwark south of the City of London, for prisoners from the Marshalsea Court presided over by the Knight Marshal.
Conditions
After the closure of The Black Dog prison in 1794 the City Marshalsea was considered the worst prison in the city. It was run privately for profit; John Thomas Gilbert wrote that "the passers-by were incessantly assailed by the cries of the inmates soliciting charity for their maintenance, or the discharge of their fees". Families of prisoners could also reside there, to protect them from their creditors. In 1823 the inspectors of prisons report improvement from the previous year. In 1836 the Royal Commission on the Poorer Classes in Ireland said the common hall was "a disgrace to the city".
History
The first City Marshalsea was built in 1704 on Merchants' Quay, between Skipper's Lane and Swan Alley. Until 1796, the Dublin City Marshal was Keeper of the Dublin City Marshalsea. In 1802 a report from the Committee on City Leases stated that the City Marshalsea had become so ruinous and insecure that a new one was absolutely necessary. In 1803 Robert Emmet used it as an arsenal during his abortive rebellion. In 1805 it was relocated, to a brick building attached to the Sheriffs' Prison in Green Street, beside the sessions house (later Green Street Court House).
Suppression
The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act 1840 abolished the power of arrest from the Court of Conscience and Lord Mayor's Court, so that no new prisoners were committed to the City Marshalsea. Remaining prisoners were transferred to the Four Courts Marshalsea.
The Dublin Militia used it as a barracks in the later 19th century. It stood empty for some years before its demolition in 1975. Some of the stone went to repair the old city wall at Cook Street.
References
Sources
Citations
Buildings and structures in Dublin (city)
Defunct prisons in the Republic of Ireland
Buildings and structures demolished in 1975
Debtors' prisons
Lakhon nok (, ) is a genre of theatre originating from the Ayutthaya era. It was based on the folk performances, similar to lakhon chatri, from what is now Southern Thailand.
References
Bibliography
Brandon, James R. (1967). Theatre in Southeast Asia. Harvard University Press
Notes
Thai dance
Thai culture
th:ละคร#ละครนอก
This is a list of long marriages. It includes marriages extending over at least 80 years.
Background
A study by Robert and Jeanette Lauer, reported in the Journal of Family Issues, conducted on 40 sets of spouses married for at least 50 years, concluded that the long-term married couples received high scores on the Lock-Wallace marital satisfaction test and were closely aligned on how their marriages were doing. In a 1979 study on about 55 couples in marriages with an average length of 55.5 years, couples said their marriages lasted so long because of mutual devotion and special regard for each other. Couples who have been married for a long time have a lower likelihood of divorcing because "common economic interests and friendship networks increase over time" and during stress can assist in sustaining the relationship.
Another study found that people in long marriages are wedded to the idea of "marital permanency" in which "They don't see divorce as an option". Sociologist Pepper Schwartz, the American Association of Retired Persons's relationships authority, said that it was helpful to have a spouse who is quick to recover when there are surprises in life.
A study of 1,152 couples who had been married for over 50 years found that they attributed their long marriages to faith in each other, love, ability to make concessions, admiration for each other, reliance on each other, children, and strong communication. Bowling Green State University (BGSU)'s National Center for Family and Marriage Research found that 7% of American marriages last at least 50 years.
Recording the longest marriages
The longest marriage recorded (although not officially recognized) is a granite wedding anniversary (90 years) between Karam and Kartari Chand, who both lived in the United Kingdom, but were married in India. Karam and Kartari Chand married in 1925 and died in 2016 and 2019 respectively.
Guinness World Records published its first edition in 1955. In the 1984 to 1998 editions, the longest recorded marriages were between Temulji Bhicaji Nariman and Lady Nariman, and Lazarus and Mary Rowe according to the New England Historical and Genealogical Register, both of them spanning 86 years. Guinness has since recognized couples with longer marriage spans, with the current world record holders being Herbert and Zelmyra Fisher. Guinness also keeps record of the oldest married couple by aggregate age.
Other organizations have created events where they honor couples with long marriages. In 2011, World Marriage Encounter (WME), an American organization that was responsible for making a World Marriage Day, created the Longest Married Couple Project (LMCP), where they pick a couple with a long marriage and honor them on Valentine's Day. They have since expanded the awards to representatives in each of the 50 states, although the candidates selected are not necessarily the ones with record-setting marriages. Starting in 2004, the Louisiana Family Forum (LFF) has honored its own annual list of long-time married couples in that particular state, beginning with George and Germaine Briant.
List of marriages reported to be more than 80 years
Notes
References
Lists of people by marital status
Marriages
Longest-duration things
A storm beach is a beach affected by particularly fierce waves, usually with a very long fetch. The resultant landform is often a very steep beach (up to 45°) composed of rounded cobbles, shingle and occasionally sand. The stones usually have an obvious grading of pebbles, from large to small, with the larger diameter stones typically arrayed at the highest beach elevations. It may also contain many small parts of shipwrecked boats.
Examples
A noted textbook example is the long Chesil Beach in Dorset, one of three major shingle structures in Britain. It also connects the Isle of Portland to the mainland at Abbotsbury, west of the resort of Weymouth. Other examples appear in the Shetland and Orkney Islands, as well as the Scottish mainland at Caithness. The beaches of Lakshdweep Islands are also storm beaches.
Gallery
References
Beaches
Erosion landforms
Nebraska Family Alliance (NFA) is a fundamentalist Christian organization based in Lincoln, Nebraska. It is a 501(c)(3) organization founded in 1988. It lobbies against LGBT rights such as same-sex marriage and LGBT adoption, and advocates for traditional gender roles and family structures, legal restrictions on abortion, and other conservative Christian positions on public policy.
As a family policy council, the NFA is a state-level affiliate of Focus on the Family. The NFA's stated mission is to "advance family, freedom, and life by influencing policy, mobilizing prayer, and empowering people." Critics of the NFA view the organization as a hate group.
Organization
Nebraska Family Alliance was founded in 1988 as Nebraska Family Council (NFC). Its name changed to the current one when it merged with Family First, another Nebraska-based conservative organization, in 2013.
NFA is a family policy council and aligned with Alliance Defending Freedom, Focus on the Family, and Family Policy Alliance.
Criticism
Critics of the NFA have viewed the organization as discriminatory, calling it "the lobbying organization that turns Nebraskan conservative Christian fear into law."
Several LGBT publications refer to the organization as a hate group. In an interview, Executive Director Karen Bowling shared that some critics had begun selling t-shirts that read "NFA is a Hate Group."
History of Policy Efforts
Marriage and divorce
In its early days, NFA was focused on opposition to divorce. They supported "making divorces harder to get by increasing the waiting period for them to become final" and other efforts against no-fault divorce.
The NFA opposes gay marriage, calling it a part of the "homosexual agenda"
The organization led the successful 2000 ballot initiative that amended the Nebraska Constitution to prohibit same-sex marriage.
Guyla Mills, organizer of the ballot initiate petition drive and NFA Executive Director, explained her organization's motivation at a January 2001 victory celebration. "We are not hate mongers," she said, addressing protesters on the street outside the celebration venue. "This is not about hate, this is about love. The Defense of Marriage Act movement was just a platform we had to share the love of Jesus Christ."
Intelligent design
NFA advocates for intelligent design, a pseudoscientific explanation of biology, to be included as curriculum in Nebraska schools.
Adoption
From 2000 to 2002, lawyers for the organization fought a court battle against a lesbian couple who were attempting to adopt a child. NFC lawyers won the case, In re Adoption of Luke, in the Nebraska Supreme Court. This set precedent prohibiting gay and unmarried adoption throughout the state.
In 2007, the Nebraska Legislature considered a bill that would allow gay couples to adopt. Executive Director Dave Bydalek testified against the bill, saying "kids are better off with loving parents of both sexes." The measure failed; adoption by same-sex couples was prohibited in Nebraska until 2017.
Domestic assault
The organization opposed a 2004 attempt to modernize Nebraska domestic assault law to use the phrase "intimate partner" to include unmarried couples. Family First Executive Director Dave Bydalek stated "I am aware there are domestic assaults involved in dating, but the public policy of recognizing dating and other types of relationships outside the context of marriage cheapens the importance of marriage in our society." Al Riskowski of Nebraska Family Council said that legally recognizing two people living together is "recognizing an immoral situation. That is not upholding the family."
Human trafficking
NFA has worked to raise awareness about human trafficking and supported the first anti-trafficking law in 2006 that made human-trafficking illegal under Nebraska law. In 2019 NFA supported legislation granting law enforcement the authority to utilize wire-taps in trafficking investigations and to expand the statute of limitations for prosecuting trafficking crimes. NFA also backed legislation in 2018 to allow trafficking victims' criminal records to be expunged of charges that were a result of trafficking, and in 2017 advocated for a law increasing criminal penalties for trafficking offenses for both traffickers and buyers.
LGBT protections
The organization opposed Nebraska's first attempt to legally prohibit discrimination against LGBT people in 1995, which they viewed as a "homosexual agenda" to silence Christian business.
In 2012, shortly before their merger, Family First and Nebraska Family Council jointly led a successful petition drive against an attempt to ban LGBT employment, housing and public accommodations discrimination in Lincoln. Firing an employee, evicting a renter, and ejecting a customer from a business for reason of sexual orientation remained legal in Lincoln until Bostock v. Clayton County prohibited employment discrimination in 2020.
NFA lobbied in opposition to a series of LGBT anti-discrimination bills in the Nebraska legislature from 2015 to 2019.
The NFA opposes a Lincoln ordinance extending employment and workplace protections to include sexual orientation, gender identity, and active military or veteran status. They collected 18,000 signatures in opposition to it in 2022.
Gambling
NFA opposes state-sponsored gambling and in 2016 helped defeat a ballot initiative attempting to legalize casino gambling.
Fetal alcohol syndrome
NFA also raised awareness about fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and the alcohol-related issues plaguing the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation stemming from the sale of alcohol in the unincorporated village of Whiteclay, Nebraska.
Abortion
They identify as a pro-life organization and support restrictions on abortion. In 2019 NFA advocated for a law requiring abortion providers to inform women seeking a medication abortion about the possibility of continuing their pregnancy after beginning a medication abortion. Such legislation has drawn criticism from professional medical associations. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists issued a fact sheet stating "claims regarding abortion 'reversal' treatment are not based on science and do not meet clinical standards." The American Medical Association filed a lawsuit to block similar legislation from being enacted in North Dakota.
Conversion therapy
The NFA hosts ex-gay speakers at its events. Michael Johnston, who "helps people leave the homosexual lifestyle" gave the keynote at the Day of Family in 2000.
In 2019 NFA testified before the Nebraska Legislature in support of keeping conversion therapy legal in Nebraska. NFA cited the bill's broad definition of conversion therapy that would criminalize self-directed talk-therapy.
Religious freedom
NFA's website says of religious freedom: "Due to the ever increasing size of government and the development of same-sex marriage, this fundamental freedom is at risk." NFA invited Jack Phillips and Barronelle Stutzman to speak at a 2018 fundraiser as exemplars of religious freedom because both had declined to provide wedding services to same-sex couples.
NFA supported legislation in 2017 that passed into law to protect the religious freedom rights of teachers by repealing a decades-old law that prohibited teachers from wearing any religious dress or garb.
NFA also hosts an annual National Day of Prayer event and promotes proclamations recognizing "Religious Freedom Day" in Nebraska.
Notable people
Russ Gronewold, CEO of Bryan Health, former NFA board member.
L. Steven Grasz, a federal judge appointed by Donald Trump in 2017, former NFA board member who resigned from the board in 2017.
References
External links
Board of Directors from Nebraska Secretary of State
Lobbying organizations in the United States
Politics of Nebraska
Organizations established in 1988
1988 establishments in Nebraska
Evangelical parachurch organizations
Organizations that oppose LGBT rights in the United States
Conservative organizations in the United States
Organizations that combat human trafficking
