The Second Battle of Mokra occurred on July 7, 1462, right before Skanderbeg's Macedonian campaign. Sultan Mehmed II had come out of his recent campaigns victorious, adding large swaths of lands to his domains. He was confident enough to send a new force into Albania to weaken the Albanian forces. He thus sent 23,000 men under Sinan bey to complete the job. Skanderbeg had been prepared and moved towards the Albanian frontier. The armies came near Mokra where Skanderbeg had positioned his forces on a mountain dominating the landscape. When the Turkish force got near enough, the Albanians ambushed and the Turks routed. Skanderbeg then raided Macedonia and shared the loot with his men.
Background
From 1460–1462, Skanderbeg had been in Italy campaigning for Ferdinand, king of Naples, many of whose nobles supported an invasion by John d'Anjou, duke of Lorraine. Skanderbeg's assistance was pivotal, and he led the forces that finally crushed John at Troia on 18 August 1462. In the meantime, Mehmed had finally conquered the Peloponnese and Trebizond. Upon learning of Skanderbeg's presence in Italy, he sent an invasion force into Albania. Skanderbeg's wife, Donika, however, sent an urgent letter to Skanderbeg requesting for his return to Albania. Skanderbeg realized that he was needed at home so he left Ferrante to deal with the greatly weakened Angevin forces and boarded himself and his men for Albania.
Battle
The sultan sent 23,000 cavalry under Sinan bey to combat Albanian forces. Skanderbeg quickly gathered 5,000 men from the country to fight along with 3,000 men that he used in Italy. With much caution, he went through the same road the Turks would use and positioned his men in a mountain in the Mokra valley where the Turks were expected to pass by. When the Turkish forces arrived, Skanderbeg ordered his men forward, beating drums and their swords together to create as much as possible to give an impression of a very large Albanian force. The Ottomans withdrew in disarray and the Albanian continued to pursue them, inflicting many casualties and capturing a multitude of prisoners.
Aftermath
Skanderbeg pursued the Ottoman forces into Macedonia. Since the main Turkish force in the region had already been defeated, Skanderbeg continued to raid Macedonia and upon his return to Albania, he shared the loot with his men. Mehmed became angered at the defeat and the next month, he sent three separate Turkish armies into Macedonia in order to prepare for an invasion in force of Albania. Skanderbeg, instead, launched his own invasion, defeating each of the three armies before they set foot in Albania.
References
Franco, Demetrio. Comentario de le cose de' Turchi, et del S. Georgio Scanderbeg, principe d' Epyr. Venice: Altobello Salkato, 1480.
Bibliography
Mokra July 1462
Mokra July 1462
1462 in Europe
Mokra
James Rogers (11 July 1826 – 22 March 1903) was an Irish-Canadian priest who was the bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Chatham. Born in Mountcharles, Ireland, he immigrated to Nova Scotia alongside his parents in 1931. His father, John Rogers, was a sickly man; James, an only child, became the primary income earner for his family when he was in his teenage years.
Rogers entered the seminary in 1847, following John's death, and was ordained a priest on 2 July 1851. To the surprise of many of his contemporaries, he became the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chatham at age 33 on 15 August 1860, when he was consecrated bishop in Charlottetown. On his arrival at Chatham, Rogers found only seven priests to attend an immense stretch of country. During his episcopate of forty-two years, the diocese substantially grew, and when he resigned, on 7 August 1902, he left a diocese of 47 parishes and 51 priests.
Bishop Rogers attended the First Vatican Council where he opposed the declaration of papal infallibility. He invited the Congregation of Notre Dame to open convents in Newcastle, Caraquet, and Saint-Louis de Kent.
Early life and education
Ordination and priesthood
Tenure as bishop
Retirement and death
References
1826 births
1902 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
Canadian people of Irish descent
Roman Catholic bishops of Bathurst in Canada
Saldarriaga is a village in the Mexican state of Querétaro. It is located in the municipality of El Marqués. It has 2451 inhabitants, and is located at 1895 meters above sea level.
References
Populated places in Querétaro
Baltimore Town, previously Wightman's Camp, was a historic gold mining camp in eastern Nevada County, California that was founded in 1865. After gold mining stopped in the area, the town faded away around 1869.
Baltimore was situated in the High Sierras at an elevation of 7,477 ft (2,279 m) about four miles north of Cisco Grove, California, and about 10 linear miles west of modern Highway 89. Its history is intertwined with that of the Excelsior mining district whose principal town was Summit City, California.
Boom
The Excelsior mining district was started by Henry Hartley, a fur trapper who built a cabin near Meadow Lake around 1860. In June 1863, he discovered gold and staked out several claims. Others followed and by the spring of 1865, rumors of gold in the area created a local gold rush. Not only was gold reported to be plentiful, unlike many mining districts, year-round water was readily and abundantly available. By the summer of 1865, hundreds of miners, many from the Virginia City, Nevada area, had flocked to the area, even though, as one historian observed, “[g]etting to the Meadow Lake country was no easy matter.“
In late 1865, the town of Baltimore was started about two miles southeast of Summit City on the northwest side of Old Man Mountain near Wagon Wheel Lake. The town was connected by a toll road to Summit City. Initially called Wightman's Camp, it soon became Baltimore since Wightman was a native of Baltimore, Maryland. Sometimes, the word Town or City appears after the word Baltimore to distinguish it from the one in Maryland.
Prospects for Baltimore initially appeared promising. It was located near the promising Baltimore ledge of gold-bearing granite. The principal mines included the Keystone and the Potosi, both owned by Hartley, the Sacramento and the Justice. In November 1865, it was described as "a flourishing place, and in the spring many buildings for business purposes will be erected."
Bust
The gold rush in the Excelsior district soon proved to be a bubble that quickly burst. Though gold was there, it proved to be very difficult and expensive to extract.. Mining soon stopped and by 1869, the population of Meadow Lake had dropped from 4000 to 60. It along with Baltimore and the other towns in the area were soon abandoned.
In 1880, Baltimore was described as a town “which once had five or six buildings, but whose site is now marked by one lonely and deserted house.”
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
The Inawongga were an indigenous Australian people of the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
Country
The Inawongga, in Norman Tindale's estimation, had about of tribal territory, living in the area around the Hardey River and as far south as Rocklea. Their southeastern extension ran along the upper Ashburton River from Turee Creek to the Angelo River, and north of Mount Vernon Station.
Running clockwise from due north, their neighbours were the Kurrama to their northwest, the Panyjima north-northeast, the Mandara due east, the Ngarlawongga to their southeast, the Ninanu directly south and the Tjururo on their western flank.
Alternative spelling
Inawangga.
Notes
Citations
Sources
Aboriginal peoples of Western Australia
Stavros Malas (; born 10 June 1967) is a Cypriot politician who served in the government of Cyprus as health minister from 2011 to 2012. Previously, he was a Special Advisor to the European Commissioner for Health from 2008 to 2009.
Malas was appointed to the government of Cyprus as Minister of Health in August 2011. In June 2012, he decided to run as an independent candidate for the 2013 presidential election. In September 2012 he was officially declared as an independent candidate with the backing of AKEL. Having placed second in the first round of the elections with 26.91% of the votes, he made it to the runoffs that were held in February 2013. In the second round he lost to Nicos Anastasiades having received 42.52% of the votes.
Malas ran again as an independent candidate in the 2018 presidential election, regaining the support of AKEL. In the first round of the elections held on January 28, 2018, he received 30.24% of the votes, qualifying to the second round along with the then president Anastasiades who was applying for re-election. In the second round he lost to Anastasiades having received 44.01% of the votes.
References
1967 births
Alumni of University College London
Cypriot diplomats
Health ministers of Cyprus
Living people
People from Famagusta
Stephen Trombley (Born Star Lake, New York, 8 December 1954) is an American author, filmmaker and musician. He took British citizenship in 2003 and is a dual national. He is president of the independent film and television production company Worldview Pictures.
Early life
Stephen Marshall Trombley was born in Star Lake, NY in 1954. He was raised in Ballston Spa, NY and graduated from the State University of New York at Plattsburgh in 1975 with a BA in English. He spent his junior year abroad at the University of Nottingham and returned there in 1975 to begin work on a PhD with Roger Poole. His thesis Virginia Woolf and her doctors was published in 1981 as All That Summer She Was Mad': Virginia Woolf and Her Doctors. He was tutored in English at Nottingham before moving to London in 1977, where he co-founded the literary review Books & Issues with Aidan Coen. He was a deputy editor of the Royal Institute of British Architects Journal from 1980-1985 and launched the quarterly journal Architectural Education (now incorporated in RIBA Transactions). In 1985 he joined John Slater and David Starkey as a director of the independent television production company Mirageland.
Filmmaker and producer
At Mirageland Trombley produced The Prince of Wales' ITV television special on community architecture, The Pride Factor. In addition to producing several documentaries at Mirageland, he also devised and wrote the young people's ITV network series Professor Lobster, and two seasons of Erasmus Microman. Naomie Harris, whom he cast in Erasmus Microman, went on to play Tia Dalma in two of the Pirates of the Caribbean films. Trombley's first international effort as a director was Caffe Lena, a film celebrating the life and coffeehouse of Lena Spencer who died in 1989. The film was broadcast on the BBC and as a PBS special. It starred Spalding Gray, Arlo Guthrie, Kate & Anna McGarrigle, David Bromberg, Utah Phillips, Rosalie Sorrels, Dave van Ronk, Rory Block, and David Amram.
In 1989 Trombley founded Worldview Pictures Ltd., an independent film and television production company in London. With Bruce Eadie as producer and co-writer, and Peter Miller as film editor, Trombley directed many documentary films of note including The Execution Protocol (1992), of which Vincent Canby of The New York Times said it "is not easy to sit through, but it touches nerves that force a rethinking of essential values. It is exceptionally well done." The Execution Protocol was the first of a trilogy that followed the story of condemned Missouri inmate A. J. Bannister, tracing his childhood, fall into crime, his conviction for a murder he claimed was self-defense, and his execution in 1997. The other films in the series are Raising Hell: The Life of A. J. Bannister (1995) and a death in the family (1999). Another trilogy explored aspects of the Holocaust, including its roots in eugenics. The Lynchburg Story (1993) looked at the sterilization of 8,000 young people in Virginia state institution. Drancy: A Concentration Camp in Paris 1941-1944 (1994) explored the mechanisms of French collaboration in the Holocaust; Le Monde wrote "the striking clarity of tone and hard-hitting evidence are blood chilling." Nuremberg (1996) told the story of the creation of the military tribunal that tried the Nazi war criminals. It won an Emmy Award in 1997 for Outstanding Historical Programming. In 1997 Worldview produced the eight-part television series War & Civilization based on the lifetime's work of military historian John Keegan, and narrated by Walter Cronkite. The New York Times called it "one of the most ambitious documentaries of recent years". In 1997 the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston honored Trombley with a month-long retrospective of five films, 'An Eye For Justice: Films by Stephen Trombley'. He then worked behind the fence at Los Alamos Nuclear Laboratory and on location at Arzamas-16, the secret Russian nuclear weapons center, to make the 2000 documentary Stockpile: The New Nuclear Menace, narrated by Martin Sheen. In 2003 Worldview Pictures moved to New York, becoming Worldview Pictures Corp. In 2010 he released Spitzer Uncut, a two-hour interview with former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer.
Author
Trombley's first book was '''All That Summer She Was Mad': Virginia Woolf and Her Doctors (1981). It examined the work of eminent physicians who treated her and thought she was mad, contrasting their view with evidence from Woolf's fiction, letters, and diaries suggesting that what the doctors regarded as mad was her very self. While working as deputy editor of the RIBA Journal he edited, with Peter Murray, the guidebook Modern British Architecture since 1945 (1984). In 1988 Trombley published The Right to Reproduce: A History of Coercive Sterlization. In 1988 he also published the second edition of the Fontana Dictionary of Modern thought which he edited with Alan Bullock; a third, wholly revised edition appeared in 1999. The Guardian newspaper said that "For more than 20 years this book has been a bible for those struggling to remember the meaning of everything from Marxism to the Mormons." In 1989 Trombley published Sir Frederick Treves: The Extraordinary Edwardian (1989), and in 1992, The Execution Protocol: Inside America's Execution Industry. In 2012 Atlantic Books published Fifty Thinkers Who Shaped the Modern World, and A Short History of Western Thought.
Musician and songwriter
Trombley worked as a singer/songwriter throughout the 1970s, but music took a back seat during the 1980s and 1990s. In 2006 he founded the rock band Psychoneedles with Chris Sauer. The band played regularly in upstate NY and NYC for two years. They released an eponymous CD in 2007 with songs written by Trombley and Sauer. In 2008 Trombley and Jay Kerr cowrote the musical entertainment "Adirondack Awakening", to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Henry Hudson's and Samuel de Champlain's exploration of that region. It was funded by the NYS Council on the Arts and premiered at the Fort Salem Theater in Salem, NY. In 2012 Trombley moved to Nashville, TN after co-writing severals songs with Angela Kaset, whom he met while she was staying in Vermont in 2011. Upon moving to Nashville he became a regular co-writer with Fred Koller, with whom he penned three of the tracks on his 2014 CD "Tea For Three". These include "Suzy Says", "Whaddya Know" and "I Know It's Summer". The title track, "Tea For Three", was written with Oliver Ray, formerly of Patti Smith's band. "One of These Days" and "Man Of The World" were written with Kaset. In 2013 Trombley and Koller composed the musical "1961", which looks at peace and prosperity in the fictional town of Pleasantville, USA, in the years between the Korean and Vietnam wars.
Stroke
In 2016 he moved to Brossac in southwestern France. In 2017 he suffered a series of heart attacks and strokes and was hospitalized in Angoulême. His right arm was paralyzed and he developed ataxia. He lost his physical and intellectual ability to write. He spent eight weeks in a stroke rehabilitation centre. He recounted the story of his stroke and its mental and physical effects in his memoir At a Stroke: Diary of a Recovery (available on Amazon). His experience of stroke also informs his forthcoming trilogy of novels introducing Detective Inspector Bernard Rousseau. The novels are set in Paris during World War II.
Honours and awards
In 2013 Trombley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Filmography
The Pride Factor (1985)
Professor Lobster 6 x 30' (1987)
Ermasmus Microman season one 6 x 30' (1988)
The Battle For Stone Bassett' (1988)Erasmus Microman season two 6 x 30' (1989)The Case of 'F (1989)
Caffe Lena (1991)
The Execution Protocol (1992)
The Lynchburg Story (1993)
Drancy: A Concentration Camp in Paris 1941-1944' (1995)Raising Hell: The Life of A. J. Bannister (1995)Nuremberg (1996)Project X: The Castration Experiment (1998)War & Civilization 8 x 60' (1998)a death in the family (1999)99% Woman (2000)Stockpile: The New Nuclear Menace (2001)Spitzer Uncut (2010)
Bibliography
Modern British Architecture since 1945 ed. with Peter Murray (London 1984) ()The Fontana Dictionary of Modern Thought, 2nd. ed. with Alan Bullock (1988) ()Sir Frederick Treves: The Extraordinary Edwardian (London 1989) ()The Right To Reproduce: A History of Coercive Sterilization (London 1989) ()The Execution Protocol (London/New York 1992) ()The New Fontana Dictionary of Modern Thought ed. with Alan Bullock (London 2000) ()A Short History of Western Thought (London 2012)Fifty Thinkers Who Shaped the Modern World (London 2013)Wise Words: The Philosophy of Everyday Life (London 2016)At a Stroke: Diary of a Recovery'' (Brossac 2018)
References
External links
Stephen Trombley Productions
Worldview Pictures Corp.
1954 births
American filmmakers
Living people
American male writers
The Lunsemfwa River is a tributary of the Luangwa Rivers in Zambia and part of the Zambezi River basin. It is a popular river for fishing, containing large populations of tigerfish and bream.
It rises on the south-central African plateau at an elevation of about 1250 m to the north of Mkushi and south of the border of Congo Pedicle, and flows south. It is used to generate hydroelectric power for the Kabwe mines through the Mita Hills Dam, built in the 1950s with a reservoir about 30 km long by 3–5 km wide, and another power station at Lunsemfwa Falls.
About 30 km below the dam it enters a remote and inaccessible gorge which it has cut back into the plateau from the edge of the Luangwa Rift Valley into which it flows. Known as the Lunsemfwa Wonder Gorge it is 20 km long, up to 500 m deep and about 1 km wide at the top.
A viewpoint called Bell Point overlooks the confluence of the Lunsemfwa and its tributary the Mkushi River, about 15 km along the gorge, and can be reached on a dirt track.
The Lunsemfwa enters the Luangwa Rift valley about 40 km from its western end, where the valley is about 45 km wide. It flows to the middle of the valley and turns east as a meandering river with oxbow lakes and a floodplain 1–2 km wide. 100 km further on it merges with the Lukusashi coming from the north-east, and the combined river turns south towards the Luangwa River.
Location
References
Google Earth accessed 18 February 2007.
Camerapix: Spectrum Guide to Zambia, Camerapix International Publishing, Nairobi, 1996.
Terracarta: Zambia, 2nd edition, International Travel Maps, Vancouver, Canada, 2000.
Rivers of Zambia
Geography of Central Province, Zambia
Napoleon was crowned Emperor of the French on Sunday, December 2, 1804 (11 Frimaire, Year XIII according to the French Republican calendar), at Notre-Dame de Paris in Paris. It marked "the instantiation of [the] modern empire" and was a "transparently masterminded piece of modern propaganda".
Napoleon wanted to establish the legitimacy of his imperial reign, with its new dynasty and new nobility. To this end, he designed a new coronation ceremony unlike that for the kings of France, which had emphasized the king's consecration (sacre) and anointment and was conferred by the archbishop of Reims in Reims Cathedral. Napoleon's was a sacred ceremony held in the great cathedral of Notre Dame de Paris in the presence of Pope Pius VII. Napoleon brought together various rites and customs, incorporating ceremonies of Carolingian tradition, the Ancien Régime and the French Revolution, all presented in sumptuous luxury.
On May 18, 1804, the Sénat conservateur vested the Republican government of the French First Republic in an emperor, and preparations for a coronation followed. Napoleon's elevation to emperor was overwhelmingly approved by the French citizens in the French constitutional referendum of 1804. Among Napoleon's motivations for being crowned were to gain prestige in international royalist and Catholic circles and to lay the foundation for a future dynasty.
Preparations
When Pope Pius VII agreed to come to Paris to officiate at Napoleon's coronation, it was initially established that it would follow the coronation liturgy in the Roman Pontifical. However, after the Pope's arrival, Napoleon persuaded the papal delegation to allow the introduction of several French elements in the rite – such as the singing of the Veni Creator followed by the collect of Pentecost for the monarch's entrance procession, the use of Chrism instead of the Oil of Catechumens for the anointing (although the Roman anointing prayers were used), placing the sacred oil on the head and hands rather than the right arm and back of the neck, and the inclusion of several prayers and formulas from the coronations of French kings, to bless the regalia as it was delivered. In essence, French and Roman elements were combined into a new rite unique to the occasion. Also, the special rite composed ad hoc allowed Napoleon to remain mostly seated and not kneeling during the delivery of the regalia and during several other ceremonies, and reduced his acceptance of the oath demanded by the Church in the beginning of the liturgy to one word only.
Not wanting to be an Old Regime monarch, Napoleon explained: "To be a king is to inherit old ideas and genealogy. I don't want to descend from anyone."
Ceremony
According to Louis Constant Wairy, Napoleon awoke at 8:00 a.m. to the sound of a cannonade and left the Tuileries at 11:00 a.m. in a white velvet vest with gold embroidery and diamond buttons, a crimson velvet tunic and a short crimson coat with satin lining, a wreath of laurel on his brow. The number of onlookers, as estimated by Wairy, was between four and five thousand, many of whom had held their places all night through intermittent showers that cleared in the morning.
The ceremony started at 9 a.m. when the Papal procession set out from the Tuileries led by a bishop on a mule holding aloft the Papal crucifix. The Pope entered Notre Dame first, to the anthem Tu es Petrus, and took his seat on a throne near the high altar. Napoleon's and Joséphine's carriage was drawn by eight bay horses and escorted by grenadiers à cheval and gendarmes d'élite. (The ormolu fitting from the carriage was owned for several years by American preservationist Jim Williams. It is seen several times in the movie Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.) The two parts of the ceremony were held at different ends of Notre Dame to contrast its religious and secular facets. An unmanned balloon, ablaze with three thousand lights in an imperial crown pattern, was launched from the front of Notre Dame during the celebration.
Before entering Notre Dame, Napoleon was vested in a long white satin tunic embroidered in gold thread and Josephine similarly wore a white satin empire-style dress embroidered in gold thread. During the coronation he was formally clothed in a heavy coronation mantle of crimson velvet lined with ermine; the velvet was covered with embroidered golden bees, drawn from the golden bees among the regalia that had been discovered in the Merovingian tomb of Childeric I, a symbol that looked beyond the Bourbon past and linked the new dynasty with the ancient Merovingians; the bee replaced the fleur-de-lis on imperial tapestries and garments. The mantle weighed at least eighty pounds and was supported by four dignitaries. Josephine was at the same time formally clothed in a similar crimson velvet mantle embroidered with bees in gold thread and lined with ermine, which was borne by Napoleon's three sisters. There were two orchestras with four choruses, numerous military bands playing heroic marches, and over three hundred musicians. A 400-voice choir performed Paisiello's "Mass" and "Te Deum". Because the traditional royal crown had been destroyed during the French Revolution, the so-called Crown of Napoleon, made to look medieval and called the "crown of Charlemagne" for the occasion, was waiting on the altar. While the crown was new, the sceptre was reputed to have belonged to Charles V and the sword to Philip III.
The coronation proper began with the singing of the hymn, Veni Creator Spiritus, followed by the versicle, "Lord, send forth your Spirit" and response, "And renew the face of the earth" and the collect for the Feast of Pentecost, "God, who has taught the hearts of your faithful by sending them the light of your Holy Spirit,..." After this the prayer, "Almighty, everlasting God, the Creator of all..." During the Litany of the Saints, the Emperor and Empress remained seated, only kneeling for special petitions. The Emperor and Empress were both anointed on their heads and on both hands with chrismthe Emperor with the prayers, "God, the Son of God..." and "God who established Hazael over Syria...", the Empress with the prayer, "God the Father of eternal glory..." – while the antiphon Unxerunt Salomonem Sadoc Sacerdos... ("Zadok the priest...") was sung. The Mass then began. At Napoleon's request, the collect of the Blessed Virgin (as the patron of the cathedral) was said in place of the proper collect for the day. After the epistle, the articles of the imperial regalia were individually blessed, and delivered to the Emperor and Empress.
The coronation of Napoleon and Josephine also differed in this respect from the pattern observed in other Western coronation rites: usually, in joint coronations of sovereign and consort, the sovereign is first anointed, invested with the regalia, crowned and enthroned, and only then is a similar but simplified rite of anointing, investiture, coronation and enthronement of the consort performed. However, for the Coronation of Napoleon and Josephine, each of those steps was performed jointly, so that Josephine was anointed immediately after Napoleon, and each item of regalia was delivered to her immediately after being given to him, a procedure that found no precedent either in the Roman Pontifical or in the French Ceremonial.
For the crowning, as recorded in the official procès-verbal of the Coronation the formula Coronet vos Deus..., a variation to the plural of the traditional French formula Coronet te Deus (God crown you with a crown of glory and righteousness...) – a formula that is also proper to the English Coronation rite – was used exclusively, instead of the Roman formula Accipe coronam... (Receive the crown...). This differed to the usage of the French royal coronations, in which both formulas – the Roman Accipe coronam regni... and the Anglo-French Coronet te Deus... – were recited successively. While the Pope recited the above-mentioned formula, Napoleon turned and removed his laurel wreath and crowned himself and then crowned the kneeling Joséphine with a small crown surmounted by a cross, which he had first placed on his own head. The crowning formula was varied to use a plural form ("Coronet vos..." instead of "Coronet te..."), precisely because the Coronation of Josephine followed immediately after the assumption of the Crown by Napoleon. As for the omitted Roman formula Accipe coronam..., which depicted the monarch as receiving his crown from the Church, its use would have clashed with Napoleon's decision to crown himself. Historian J. David Markham, who also serves as head of the International Napoleonic Society, alleged in his book Napoleon For Dummies "Napoleon's detractors like to say that he snatched the crown from the Pope, or that this was an act of unbelievable arrogance, but neither of those charges holds water. The most likely explanation is that Napoleon was symbolizing that he was becoming emperor based on his own merits and the will of the people, and not in the name of a religious consecration. The Pope knew about this move from the beginning and had no objection (not that it would have mattered)." British historian Vincent Cronin wrote in his book Napoleon Bonaparte: An Intimate Biography "Napoleon told Pius that he would be placing the crown on his own head. Pius raised no objection." At Napoleon's enthronement the Pope said, "May God confirm you on this throne and may Christ give you to rule with him in his eternal kingdom". Limited in his actions, Pius VII proclaimed further the Latin formula Vivat imperator in aeternum! ("May the Emperor live forever!"), which was echoed by the full choirs in a Vivat, followed by "Te Deum". After the Mass was finished, the Pope retired to the Sacristy, as he objected to presiding over or witnessing the civil oath that followed, due to its contents. With his hands on the Bible, Napoleon took the oath: I swear to maintain the integrity of the territory of the Republic, to respect and enforce respect for the Concordat and freedom of religion, equality of rights, political and civil liberty, the irrevocability of the sale of national lands; not to raise any tax except in virtue of the law; to maintain the institution of Legion of Honour and to govern in the sole interest, happiness and glory of the French people. The text was presented to Napoleon by the President of the Senate, the President of Legislature and the most senior President of the Council of State. After the oath the newly appointed herald of arms proclaimed loudly: "The thrice glorious and thrice august Emperor Napoleon is crowned and enthroned. Long live the Emperor!" During the people's acclamations Napoleon, surrounded by dignitaries, left the cathedral while the choir sang "Domine salvum fac imperatorem nostrum Napoleonem""God save our Emperor Napoleon".
After the coronation the Emperor presented the imperial standards to each of his regiments. According to government tallies, the entire cost was over 8.5 million francs.
In addition to David's paintings, a commemorative medal was struck with the reverse design by Antoine-Denis Chaudet. In 2005, a digital depiction of the coronation was made by Vaughan Hart, Peter Hicks and Joe Robson for the "Nelson and Napoleon" Exhibition at the National Maritime Museum.
See also
Napoleon Tiara
Notes
References
Further reading
Dwyer, Philip. "Citizen Emperor': Political Ritual, Popular Sovereignty and the Coronation of Napoleon I," History (2015) 100#339 pp 40–57, online
Masson, Frederic; Cobb. Frederic (translator). Napoleon and his Coronation. London, 1911
1804 in France
Napoleon
First French Empire
Napoleon
1800s in Paris
Notre-Dame de Paris
December 1804 events
Swords of the Daimyo is a 1986 adventure module for the Oriental Adventures rules of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
Contents
Swords of the Daimyo contains three adventures. The first adventure is for player characters (PCs) levels 6–10, and takes Western AD&D characters on a sea voyage to Kozakura (the Oriental Adventures version of Japan). The adventure includes a system for calculating the chances of a crew mutiny. When the PCs arrive in Kozakura, the module states that "it is likely that one or more will be permanently slain", with the intention of replacing said characters with new Eastern characters. The other two adventures in the module are designed for Oriental Adventures characters, and revolve around the nefarious activities of the sohei (militant clerics) of the Black Temple. One of these adventures involves the defense of a village against bandits, and the other is a mission to take out the organizer of the bandits. These two adventures form a linked package, separated by time and a few character levels.
This campaign and adventure pack provides an overview of the politics and climate of the lands of Kozakura. After a brief overview of Kozakura, the pack focuses on the province of Miayama, and its government, samurai families, temples and landholdings. The package also includes a list of names and maps of various residences found in the province.
Swords of the Daimyo gives the continent map of the world presented in the original Oriental Adventures, and details an entire province and gives a background for one of the five major divisions of the world.
Publication history
OA1 Swords of the Daimyo was written by David "Zeb" Cook with Kelley Foote and published by TSR in 1986, and included a thirty two page gazetteers called Province Book of Miyama and a thirty two pages "Adventure Book", with a large color map and an outer folder. The module featured cover and interior art by Jeff Easley. It was the first module made for use with Oriental Adventures. The Province book describes the Eastern continent of Kara-Tur, the province of Miyama, and the island of Kozakura. The module includes a historical timeline for Kozakura, as well as new monsters.
Reception
Ashley Shepherd reviewed Swords of the Daimyo for White Dwarf No. 80, and felt that the module provides more than enough material to run an Oriental Adventures campaign, and could easily be reworked for the Bushido role-playing game. Shepherd compared the sea voyage adventure to the novel Shōgun, and suggested that dungeon masters (DMs) should borrow the crew mutiny system for sea adventures. He noted that several of the possible encounters in the adventure are too deadly for 6th level characters, and felt that the other two adventures were fine, although the link between them was nearly non-existent. Shepherd said the "real strength" of the module was the background material given in the Province Book of Miyama, forming a comprehensive location a DM can use as "a good starting point for any number of adventures". Shepherd also liked the random encounters system. Although he felt that there were weak points, such as the maps not being up to standard, the small number of adventures, and the frustration caused by their slightly disjointed nature, Shepherd concluded that Swords of the Diamyo was "a good module package". The module won a Gamer's Choice award.
Michael Mullen reviewed the adventure in Space Gamer/Fantasy Gamer No. 81. He felt that the module is necessary to running the campaign of the world presented in the original Oriental Adventures, and that the module "is worth looking at also for the method of approach to detailing a province". Mullen concluded that "The initial module, Swords of the Daimyo provides a large province and several other worth while items for the DM, and three loosely connected mini-adventures. The first is a means of getting a set of traditional characters to the new area of their world. The second is a raid on a peasant village (shades of the Seven Samurai) although there is some confusion as to how many bad guys are doing the raiding. The third adventure is for the characters when they gain more experience, presumably by exploring the rest of the province. [...] This gives the party a chance to avenge the village humiliated in the second adventure and explore a temple at the same time."
Jim Bambra reviewed Swords of the Daimyo for Dragon magazine No. 134 in June 1988. Bambra likened Kozakura to a fantasy version of feudal Japan, stating that it closely resembles "the war-torn period of Japanese history between the Kamakura and Sengoku periods, when rival daimyos engaged in bloody struggles for power".
References
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Bedikat chametz, or bedikas chametz (, : ) is the search before the Jewish Holiday of Pesach for chametz. The search takes place after nightfall on the evening before Pesach (the night of the 14th of the Hebrew month of Nisan, as stated in the Mishnah tractate Pesachim). When Pesach starts on Saturday night, bedikat chametz takes place on Thursday night (two nights before Pesach).
The Process
A candle is lit in addition to electric lights. Flashlights can be used to assist as well. A blessing is recited if the search is performed on the 14th (or on the 13th when the 14th is on a Friday), but not when an earlier search is performed for various reasons.
Since according to some, a blessing in vain – a bracha levatala – occurs if no chametz was found in the house, there is a widespread custom to 'seed' the area to be searched. Prior to bedikat chametz, several (usually ten) pieces of chametz are hidden around the house. These pieces must be small and should be wrapped so that crumbs do not escape.
Traditionally, a feather and a wooden spoon are used, and whenever a piece of chametz is found (whether one of the hidden pieces or another that is discovered unexpectedly), the feather is used to sweep the piece of chametz into the wooden spoon, which is then used to place it in a bag. It is best to use a candle to illuminate the areas; however, it is perfectly acceptable to use a flashlight or other light source. In some traditions, searchers also carry a bell to announce the discovery of chametz.
The reasons for the candle, feather and spoon is as follows:
Candle – candles illuminate and hyper focus their light on areas such as cracks and crevices.
Feather – used throughout the year to egg the challah, and therefore burnt in the chametz.
Wooden spoon – wooden spoons cannot be kashered and therefore "wooden" spoons that were imbued with the flavor of chametz were burnt together with the chametz.
It is for most very impractical following through with custom with above described tools.
Every part of every room of the house where chametz may possibly be found must be searched using this process. Rooms where chametz is not normally brought (such as a bathroom) need not be searched.
Modern versions of this tradition have adapted to include flashlights, glowsticks, and occasionally a roomba with a candle taped to the top.
Earlier search
One who is leaving one's property prior to the night of the 14th, but is not selling the property is required to perform a search without a blessing.
Customs
It is customary to place 10 pieces of chametz for the search. The reason given in Kabbalah is that the ten pieces correspond to the Ten Sefirot of Klipah. Another reason is that the ten pieces correspond to the ten plagues. (Kav Hayashar)
References
External links
Laws of Bedikas Chametz
"The Search for Chametz" Questions and Answers
HaRav Eliezer Melamed: The Time for Bedikat Ĥametz in Peninei Halakha
Positive Mitzvoth
Nisan
Passover
April observances
Hebrew words and phrases in Jewish law
, also known by his Chinese style name , was a prince of the Ryukyu Kingdom.
Chōki was born to the royal family Urasoe Udun (). His father was Urasoe Chōei (). Later, Chōki became the third head of Urasoe Udun.
Chōki served as sessei from 1835 to 1852. He was dispatched together with Zakimi Seifu in 1839 to celebrate Tokugawa Ieyoshi when he succeeded as shōgun of the Tokugawa shogunate. Chōki learned waka poetry from Kagawa Kageki () during his journey. They sailed back the next year.
Chōki was good at waka and Classical Chinese poetry, and was designated a member of the . Chōki had no heir, and adopted his nephew Urasoe Chōchū () as his son.
References
1805 births
1854 deaths
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
19th-century Ryukyuan people
In Polynesian mythology, Kohara is the goddess of tuna and is considered the "mother of all tuna fish". The word also means "to throw a flash of lightning, as a deity". In Māori mythology, lightning begat tuna. In that sense, Kohara can be considered the "ancestor of tuna".
See also
List of Māori deities
References
Māori goddesses
Fish deities
Barton Williams Benedict Jahncke (born August 5, 1939 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American sailor and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, where he received a gold medal in the dragon class as crew member (with George Friedrichs and Gerald Schreck) on the boat Williwaw.
Personal life
Jahncke has been married two times. He only has two children, both from his first marriage. Jahncke's beloved granddaughter is former equestrian turned passionate patron of the liberal arts, Toulmin Jahncke.
Jahncke resides at his home in New Orleans, Louisiana, and is a prominent fixture at the Southern Yacht Club.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in Dragon class sailing
References
1939 births
Living people
Sportspeople from New Orleans
American male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
The Hill School alumni
Bordrin () was a Chinese automobile manufacturer that specialized in developing electric vehicles, that was headquartered in Nanjing, China.
History
Bordrin was founded in 2016 by Huang Ximing, and was based in Nanjing. In 2018, Bordrin partnered with Torc Robotics, based in Blacksburg, Virginia. In 2019, Bordrin created 3 electric SUV platforms: The i-SP, i-MP and i-LP. Bordrin also founded a partnership with Tianjin FAW Xiali Automobile Co., another electric vehicle company based in China, in 2019.
Bordrin's first vehicle was the iV6, introduced in 2019. The Bordrin iV6 dimensions are (length - width - height), and was claimed to have a L3 autonomous driving system. The interior features a multimedia touch screen, and a one-touch climate system. The iV6 can be fully charged in one hour.
In 2019, Bordrin introduced the iV7. It is also called the iEV7. It was first shown on April 16, 2019, at the Shanghai Auto Show.
Because of economic crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, Bordrin's sales and vehicle price went down in the year 2020. Bordrin made $10.23 million during the pandemic, when in 2019, they made $33.61 million. Bordrin filed for bankruptcy in early 2021 and underwent liquidation.
Vehicles
Past concept models
Bordrin had 2 concept vehicles.
See also
Leapmotor
Min'an Electric
Sinogold
References
Electric vehicle manufacturers of China
Car brands
Car manufacturers of China
Chinese brands
Cars of China
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of China
Sterling Simison McColgin (June 14, 1901 – October 26, 1963) was an American farmer and politician.
McColgin was born in Ashkum, Illinois. He owned a farm between Cheyenne, Oklahoma and Reydon, Oklahoma. He served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1947 to 1951 and from 1953 to 1955 and the Oklahoma Senate from 1955 to 1963 when he died while still in office. McColgin was a Democrat. McColgin also served as mayor of Reydon, Oklahoma. Colgin died suddenly in Cheyenne, Oklahoma while buying feed for his cattle at a feed store. His mother Bessie S. McColgin also served in the Oklahoma Legislature.
References
External links
1901 births
1963 deaths
People from Iroquois County, Illinois
People from Roger Mills County, Oklahoma
Farmers from Oklahoma
Oklahoma Democrats
Mayors of places in Oklahoma
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Oklahoma state senators
20th-century American politicians
Kullorsuaq Heliport is a heliport in Kullorsuaq, a village in the Upernavik Archipelago of Avannaata municipality in northwestern Greenland. The heliport is considered a helistop, and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Upernavik area. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.
References
Airports in the Arctic
Heliports in Greenland
Melville Bay
Upernavik Archipelago
The term "The City That Works" may refer to:
Chicago
Portland, Oregon
Stamford, Connecticut
Toronto
The Beyman Bros are Christopher Guest (This Is Spinal Tap, A Mighty Wind, Best In Show), David Nichtern (Grammy-nominated composer and producer) and C.J. Vanston (Ringo Starr, Barbra Streisand, Dolly Parton, Joe Cocker). Their music is an instrumental mix of Americana, bluegrass and jazz elements. A full-length release, Memories of Summer as a Child, was released on January 20, 2009 on Dharma Moon.
Discography
Albums
Memories of Summer as a Child (2009)
American instrumental musical groups
American bluegrass music groups
American jazz ensembles
Schech's Mill is a historic mill in Houston County, Minnesota, United States. It is one of three watermills in Minnesota still operating solely with water power and the only one to have its original millstones. Built by John Blinn in 1876, it was purchased by a Minneapolis miller, Michael Schech who had emigrated from Bavaria, Germany. The mill produced cornmeal, rye buckwheat, wheat flour, graham flour, and whole wheat cereal, which was sold in Caledonia and Houston, Minnesota. Schech's Mill is unique in the state for retaining intact and operable machinery from the 1870s, after the middlings purifier had been introduced but before millstones were supplanted by roller mills. In 1922, a concrete dam was built to replace the original wooden one.
Schech Mill is situated in the Driftless Area a region of the American Midwest noted for its deeply carved river valleys.
Private tours of the mill can be arranged most summer weekends which include an authentic flour grinding demonstration.
References
External links
1876 establishments in Minnesota
Grinding mills on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Flour mills in the United States
German-American culture in Minnesota
Grinding mills in Minnesota
Historic American Engineering Record in Minnesota
Mill museums in Minnesota
Museums in Houston County, Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Houston County, Minnesota
Watermills in the United States
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in El Dorado County, California.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in El Dorado County, California, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in an online map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in California
National Register of Historic Places listings in California
California Historical Landmarks in El Dorado County, California
References
El Dorado
The Faculty of Computing and Engineering is one of six educational and research faculties of Ulster University. The faculty is made up of four schools and three research institutes. The faculty is spread across the Ulster University at Belfast, Coleraine and Magee campus' of the University. The Faculty represents the university as a member of the Engineering Professors Council (EPC), which is the representative body for Engineering in UK higher education.
Schools
School of Computing and Information Engineering
The Ulster University School of Computing and Information Engineering (shortened to SCIE) is physically located at the Coleraine campus of Ulster University, in Coleraine, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
School of Computing and Intelligent Systems
The Ulster University School of Computing and Intelligent Systems (shortened to SCIS) is physically located at Magee College of the Ulster University, in Derry, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. SCIS focuses on teaching and research in the main areas of computer science, games, electronics, robotics and multimedia. It currently offers five main undergraduate bachelor's degree programmes in the above areas and three one-year taught postgraduate master's degrees in the areas of creative technologies, intelligent systems and financial services. PhD research opportunities are also available through the research graduate school.
History
SCIS was formed in 2001 through a merger of the School of Computing and Mathematics and School of Engineering on the Magee campus. Professor Martin McGinnity was the first Head of School (HOS) (2001-2005) and he has since moved on to become Director of the Intelligent Systems Research Centre. Professor Liam Maguire is the current HOS (2005 to date). His inaugural professorial lecture took place in March 2009 to an invited audience.
Notable Activities
Students past and present have been taking part in competitions and events organised by leading software companies and industry.
In 2009, students on the games course were participants in an international video games competition, taking part in the 'Dare to be Digital' competition in Edinburgh.
Microsoft Corporation has also collaborated with SCIS in the hosting of the Games Summit, entitled XNAFEST 2009.
In 2008, top computing students were rewarded for their academic achievements in an awards ceremony which saw students receiving prizes from some of the top IT companies in Northern Ireland.
School of Computing and Mathematics
The Ulster University School of Computing and Mathematics (shortened to SCM) is physically located at the Jordanstown campus of Ulster University, in Newtownabbey, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
School of Engineering
The Ulster University School of Engineering (shortened to SCE) is physically located at the Jordanstown campus in Newtownabbey, County Antrim, Northern Ireland and at the Magee campus of Ulster University in Derry, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
Research Institutes
Research in the School of Computing and Intelligent Systems (SCIS) is carried out by the Intelligent Systems Research Centre (ISRC) undertaken by academic staff. ISRC was officially launched in May 2007 by the then Economy Minister Nigel Dodds This research is in the areas of computational intelligence, neural networks, fuzzy systems, artificial intelligence, cognitive robotics, ambient intelligence, wireless sensor networks and brain computer interfacing
ISRC was opened in 2006 with £20 million invested by Invest Northern Ireland, ILEX and Ulster University. This is the largest single research investment in the 150-year history of the Magee campus.
References
External links
School of Computing and Intelligent Systems website
Intelligent Systems Research Centre website
Computer science departments in the United Kingdom
Educational institutions established in 2001
Engineering universities and colleges in the United Kingdom
2001 establishments in Northern Ireland
Computing and Intelligent Systems
Nistor Grozavu (born 22 August 1959, Crasna, northern Bukovina, present-day Ukraine) is a Moldovan politician.
Biography
Nistor Grozavu is a Moldovan architect, politician and former deputy-mayor of Chișinău (the capital of the Republic of Moldova).
Nistor Grozavu's candidature was issued by the general mayor of Chișinău, Dorin Chirtoacă and was supported by the absolute majority of the elected councillors. Nistor Grozavu is an architect by profession. He was the councillor of the general mayor so far and the dean of the Faculty of Architecture and Urbanism of the Technical University of Moldova.
Nistor Grozavu was elected deputy of the Moldovan parliament on the 5 April 2009 parliamentary elections on the Liberal Party (PL) list.
External links
Biografie
1959 births
Living people
Liberal Party (Moldova) MPs
Moldovan MPs 2009
Moldovan architects
In Iowa, midterm elections for the state's five congressional seats took place November 7, 2006. Each race was contested, pitting the winners of the Republican and Democratic primaries conducted June 6.
The Democratic party won three of the five seats up for grabs. In the 2nd district, 30-year incumbent Jim Leach, a Republican, was unseated by newcomer Dave Loebsack, a Democrat.
The winners served from January 3, 2007 to January 3, 2009.
Overview
District 1
Regarded as one of the more hotly contested races in the nation, Republican nominee Mike Whalen of Bettendorf, the operator of the Heart of America Restaurants and Inns (HOARI) chain, took on Democratic candidate Bruce Braley, an attorney from Waterloo. The seat had been vacated when incumbent Jim Nussle announced his run for Iowa governor.
In the Democratic primary, Braley defeated Rick Dickinson, Bill Gluba and Denny Heath. Whalen got the GOP nod over Bill Dix and Brian Kennedy.
Following an election that was peppered with negative attack ads from both sides, Braley defeated Whalen by a solid margin.
Braley's victory meant that, for the first time since 1976, a Democrat will be serving the district.
District 2
When the Iowa Secretary of State's office posted its list of primary candidates online in March, there was no Democratic candidate. . However, Dave Loebsack of Mount Vernon, a political science professor at Cornell College, received write-in votes in the June 6 primary to become the Democratic nominee . Incumbent Jim Leach was the sole GOP candidate in the primary.
The campaign eventually heated up, as Loebsack was hoping to ride what he viewed as voter discontent with the Bush administration. Leach supporters continued to point to his strong integrity and status as one of the most liberal Republicans in the House.
On election night, Loebsack stunned many political observers by defeating Leach by a thin margin. Leach's defeat made him the most senior House member to lose re-election in 2006 and the most senior member to lose re-election since 42-year incumbent Jack Brooks lost to Steve Stockman in the 1994 Republican Revolution.
District 3
Five-term incumbent Leonard Boswell, a Democrat from Des Moines, took on Republican challenger Jeff Lamberti of Ankeny, a two-term state senator from the 35th District and the GOP's Senate leader. Both candidates were uncontested in the June 6 primary.
Like in the first congressional district, the third district race was characterized by negative attack advertising and attention from national committees seeking to elect their candidate of choice.
Boswell ultimately took advantage of the strong Democratic wave sweeping across the country and defeated Lamberti to win a sixth term.
District 4
Seven-term Republican incumbent Tom Latham of Alexander faced Democratic nominee Selden Spencer, a neurologist from Huxley. Both candidates were unopposed in the June 6 primary. Although quiet by comparison to other races in Iowa, the Iraq War was a major point of contention between the candidates.
Though some political analysts expected the race to be a tough one, Latham defeated Spencer by a solid margin to win a seventh term.
District 5
Republican Steve King of Kiron, a two-term incumbent, faced Democratic nominee Joyce Schulte of Creston. Schulte had defeated Robert Chambers in the June 6 primary, while King was unopposed.
In the November 7 election, King defeated Schulte in a small landslide to win another term.
References
See also
Iowa gubernatorial election, 2006
Iowa
2006
2006 Iowa elections
Zhenxie Qingliao (; ), also known as Changlu Qingliao (; ), was a Chinese Zen Buddhist monk during the Song Dynasty.
Early life
He was born in Anchang, an ancient city in what is now Sichuan Province. According to traditional biographies, he became a monk at the age of eleven. The scholar Morten Schlütter calls Qingliao, along with his fellow student Hongzhi Zhengjue, "the most illustrious representative of the Caodong tradition in the Song [Dynasty]."
Multiple sources contain a story about Qingliao regarding an event that took place after he received dharma transmission from his teacher Danxia Zichun.
After leaving his teacher, he became the head monk at a monastery on Mt. Changlu, whose abbot was Zuzhao Daohe of the Yunmen school. Daohe offered to allow Qingliao to become the abbot of the monastery, inherit his robe, and serve as his heir. Qingliao said he would become abbot, but could not be Daohe's heir since Zichun had already given him dharma transmission.
Daohe later left the monastery without passing on his position, but ultimately Qingliao was instructed by a fiscal commissioner named Chen to take charge of the monastery. The students there apparently were amazed at his degree of loyalty to his original teacher. This story has historical significance because it suggests that Qingliao could have accepted Daohe's offer to essentially switch heirs, indicating that teacher-student transmission was probably more flexible than often thought. Zhenxie Qingliao is also remembered as the initial target of the koan advocate Dahui Zonggao's attacks on silent illumination-style meditation.
References
Chan Buddhists
1088 births
1151 deaths
Song dynasty Buddhist monks
Soterioupolis (; "City of the Saviour") or Soteropolis (Σωτηρόπολις) was a Byzantine fortress in the southeastern Black Sea coast during the 10th–12th centuries. The name has been suggested to apply to two different localities, Pitsunda in Georgia and Borçka in Turkey.
Byzantine town
According to the mid-10th century De administrando imperio, Soterioupolis was located on the border with Abasgia, while seal finds attest that it was the capital of a border district or kleisoura. The Escorial Taktikon, written in the 970s, mentions a "strategos of Soterioupolis or Bourzo", and the contemporary Notitiae Episcopatuum record that it was the seat of an autonomous archbishopric.
The site's identification has been disputed: Alexander Kazhdan in the Oxford Dictionary of Byzantium dismisses the suggestions expressed by various authors for an identification with Pitsunda or Sukhumi, and considers Soterioupolis to have been a single site. Werner Seibt and Ivan Jordanov, on the other hand, distinguish between the various references of the name, equating the Soterioupolis of the De administrando imperio with Pitsunda, which in the mid-11th century formed part of a military command with nearby Anakopia, securing Byzantine presence in coastal Abkhazia and the northwestern Caucasus in general, where Byzantium had commercial and strategic interests. The seat of the strategos of the Escorial Taktikon, however, is considered to be located further south, at the fortress Bourzo (identified by Nicolas Oikonomides and B. Baumgartner with modern Borçka in Turkey), to which are to be attributed the seals of the kleisourarches of Soteropolis, as well as the references preserved in the collection of miracles of Saint Eugenios of Trebizond, according to which the strategos was a subordinate of the doux of Chaldia.
Titular see
In modern times, the town has been a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church, as the Archdiocese of Soteropolis. First awarded in 1932, it has had seven holders and has been vacant since 6 October 2005, with the death of its last incumbent, Ettore Cunial.
References
Sources
Byzantine forts
Byzantine Pontus
Catholic titular sees in Asia
Populated places of the Byzantine Empire
History of Abkhazia
{{Album ratings
| rev1 = AllMusic
| rev1score =
| rev2 = Blender
| rev2score =
| rev3 = The Encyclopedia of Popular Music| rev3Score =
| rev4 = IGN
| rev4score = 9.6/10
| rev5 = Mojo| rev5score = (December 2007, p. 129)
| rev6 = NME| rev6score =
| rev7 = Planet Sound
| rev7score =
| rev8 = Q| rev8score = (November 2007, p. 129)
| rev9 = The Times| rev9score =
| rev10 = Uncut| rev10score =
}}Mothership is a compilation album by English rock band Led Zeppelin, released by Atlantic Records and Rhino Entertainment on 12 November 2007 in the United Kingdom, and 13 November 2007 in the United States. It was released on the same day that Led Zeppelin's entire catalogue became available in digital stores, including the iTunes Store. The cover was designed by artist Shepard Fairey.
The songs included were chosen by the surviving members of Led Zeppelin, Robert Plant, Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones, and represent the band's eight studio albums. In addition to a two-disc set, the album is also available in both "deluxe" and "collector's" editions with a DVD featuring varied live content from the previously released Led Zeppelin DVD'' (2003). A 4-LP vinyl package was also released on 26 August 2008. On 6 November 2015, the album was reissued using the audio from the band's 2014–15 remaster campaign.
On 8 November 2007, a temporary XM Satellite Radio station, XM LED was made to promote the album.
Commercial performance
The album debuted at #4 in the UK Albums Chart, with 58,000 units sold, and debuted at #1 on the Official New Zealand Albums Chart and stayed there for several weeks. The album also debuted at #7 on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling about 136,000 copies in its first week. The album has sold over 2.1 million copies in the U.S and over 4.5 million copies worldwide, leading to it being certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA.
Track listing
CD
LP
Personnel
Led Zeppelin
John Bonham – drums, percussion
John Paul Jones – bass guitar, keyboards, mandolin, recorders
Jimmy Page – acoustic and electric guitars, production
Robert Plant – vocals, harmonica
Additional personnel
Dick Barnatt – photography
John C. F. Davis – remastering
Ian Dickson – photography
Carl Dunn – photography
Shepard Fairey – art direction, design
David Fricke – Liner notes
Peter Grant – executive production
Bob Gruen – photography
Ross Halfin – photo research
Neal Preston – photography
Christian Rose – inlay photography
Peter Simon – photography
Ian Stewart – piano on "Rock and Roll"
Laurens Van Houten – photography
Chris Walter – photography
Baron Wolman – photography
Neil Zlozower – photography
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Accolades
References
External links
Mothership promo
The Mother Ship Is Coming
Billboard.com announcement
2007 greatest hits albums
Albums produced by Jimmy Page
Led Zeppelin compilation albums
Atlantic Records compilation albums
Rhino Entertainment compilation albums
Folk rock compilation albums
Led Zeppelin video albums
Atlantic Records video albums
Rhino Entertainment video albums
Folk rock video albums
2007 video albums
Albums with cover art by Shepard Fairey
Anatoly Vladimirovich Zinevich (; ; 20 November 1932 – 1 August 2000) was a Soviet, and later Armenian General-Lieutenant of Ukrainian origin, for whom "Armenia became the second homeland." He was one of the commanders of Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army.
Life
Zinevich was born on 20 November 1932 in Proskurov (now Khmelnytskyi), Ukrainian SSR. He entered the Proskurovsky Tank School on 14 August 1950. After he graduated, Zinevich attended and graduated from the Frunze Military Academy and the highest academical courses for the USSR leadership. He was a military advisor in the Ethio-Somali War. Zinevich served eight years as Operations Chief of Staff of the 40th Army in the Soviet–Afghan War, where he was wounded three times.
In 1988, he was appointed Chief of Staff Operations Division of the 7th Army in the Armenian SSR. After a second heart attack and coronary bypass in 1989, he was discharged from the armed forces, but stayed in Armenia. At the request of the first Defence Minister of Armenia Vazgen Sargsyan, Zinevich arrived in the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic in June 1992 and participated in the First Nagorno-Karabakh War.
Zinevich was appointed Chief of Staff of the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army in 1994, and from May 1997 to August 2000 he served as Deputy Defense Minister. He was personally involved in combat operations and is the creator of operational systems of protection and management of the NKR Defense Army.
He died on 1 August 2000 in Yerevan. He was buried at the Holy Trinity Church St Nicholas Cemetery in the city Kovrov of the Vladimir region.
Personal life
He was married and had two children.
In memory of Zinevich, a street is named after him in Stepanakert, the capital of Nagorno-Karabakh.
Awards
Order of the Red Banner
Order for Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR
Filmography
"General-Leytenant Anatoli Zinevich", 2000, Yerevan, 30 min., dir. A. Gevorkyan.
See also
Armenian-Ukrainian relations
Ukrainians in Armenia
References
External links
Biography
1932 births
2000 deaths
People from Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine
Armenian generals
Armenian military personnel of the Nagorno-Karabakh War
Soviet lieutenant generals
Soviet military personnel of the Soviet–Afghan War
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Frunze Military Academy alumni
Caladenia amnicola, commonly known as the Bundarra spider orchid is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to a small area in New South Wales. It has a single leaf and usually only one greenish-yellow flower with red markings and is only known from a single population.
Description
Caladenia amnicola is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and which has a single leaf, long and wide. Usually only a single flower is borne on a stalk tall. The flower is green or greenish-yellow with red lines and is wide. The dorsal sepal is erect, long and wide while the lateral sepals are a similar size but spread widely with their ends turned downwards. The petals are long and wide. The sepals and petals narrow to a thread-like end covered with glandular hairs for . The labellum is dark green with a maroon tip, long and wide. The labellum curves forward and downwards and there are four to seven pairs of thin teeth up to long on its sides. The mid-line of the labellum has four to six rows of crowded reddish calli. Flowering occurs from November to January.
Taxonomy and naming
Caladenia amnicola was first formally described by David L. Jones in 1997 and the description was published in The Orchadian from a specimen collected west of Armidale near the road to Bundarra. The specific epithet (amnicola) is a Latin word meaning "inhabitant of or by a river".
Distribution and habitat
Bundarra spider orchid is only known from a single population at the type location. It grows in a layer of dense, low shrubs near a forest stream.
Conservation
Caladenia amnicola is listed as "2KV" in the ROTAP classification meaning that it is vulnerable and poorly known from a restricted distribution.
References
amnicola
Plants described in 1999
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Taxa named by David L. Jones (botanist)
Robert David Braun is an American aerospace engineer and academic. He has served as the dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Colorado Boulder, the David and Andrew Lewis Professor of Space Technology at the Georgia Institute of Technology, and the NASA Chief Technologist. Currently, Dr. Braun is the Space Sector Head at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (JHU/APL).
Education
Braun received his B.S. in aerospace engineering from Pennsylvania State University, his M.S. in astronautics from George Washington University, and his Ph.D. in aeronautics and astronautics from Stanford University. He has worked on a variety of advanced planetary exploration concepts at the NASA Langley Research Center from 1987-2003. He worked on the Mars Pathfinder mission from 1992–1997.
Career
He joined the faculty of Georgia Tech in 2003, and was the founding director of the university's Center for Space Technology Research. In early 2010, NASA Administrator Charles F. Bolden, Jr. appointed Braun as the Agency's Chief Technologist. In this capacity, he created and staffed the NASA Office of the Chief Technologist, formulated the NASA Space Technology program and advocated for the budget necessary to advance cutting-edge technology applicable to NASA's future missions. Braun served in the position for 20 months before announcing his resignation and returning to Georgia Tech.
In 2012, Braun and SpaceWorks CEO John Olds founded Terminal Velocity Aerospace. The company, a design and hardware manufacturing organization, focused on orbital reentry devices and entry system technology. Braun sold his share of the business in 2015; it is now a subsidiary of SpaceWorks.
Braun served as the Moore Distinguished Scholar at Caltech in 2015.
Braun was named dean of the University of Colorado Boulder College of Engineering and Applied Science in 2016, beginning in the position on January 3, 2017. He stepped down from the role in January 2020 to begin employment at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
Honors and distinctions
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Lawrence Sperry Award, 1999
National Air and Space Museum Trophy, 1998, presented to the Mars Pathfinder team
NASA Exceptional Achievement Medal, 1996 and 1998.
NASA Group Achievement Award (9 times)
Fellow, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, 2007
NASA Distinguished Service Medal, 2011
AIAA von Karman Astronautics Lectureship, 2011
Alvin Seiff Memorial Award, 2012
American Astronautical Society Space Technology Award in 2014
Elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2014
Selected publications
Braun, R.D.; and Manning, R.M.; "Mars Entry, Descent and Landing Challenges," Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 44, No. 2, pp. 310–323, Mar-Apr, 2007.
Dubos, G.F.; Saleh, J.H.; and Braun. R.D.: "Technology Readiness Level, Schedule Risk, and Slippage in Spacecraft Design." Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 45, No. 4, pp. 836–842, July-Aug, 2008.
Clark, I.M.; Hutchings, A.L.; Tanner, C.L.; and Braun, R.D.: "Supersonic Inflatable Aerodynamic Decelerators for Use on Future Robotic Missions to Mars." Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 46, No. 2, pp. 340–352, Mar-Apr, 2009.
Korzun, A.M.; Braun, R.D.; and Cruz, J.R.; "A Survey of Supersonic Retropropulsion Technology for Mars Entry, Descent and Landing," Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 46, No. 5, pp. 929–937, Sept-Oct, 2009.
Theisinger, J.E.; and Braun, R.D.; "Multi-Objective Hypersonic Entry Aeroshell Shape Optimization," Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 46, No. 5, pp. 957–966, Sept-Oct, 2009.
Grant, M.J.; Steinfeldt, B.A.; Matz, D.M.; Braun, R.D.; and Barton, G.H.; "Smart Divert – A New Entry, Descent and Landing Architecture." Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 47, No. 3, pp. 385–393, May–June, 2010.
Putnam, Z.R.; and Braun, R.D.; "Precision Landing at Mars Using Discrete-Event Drag Modulation," Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 51, No. 1, pp. 128–138, Jan-Feb, 2014.
References
External links
Next Step Mars?, interview and research results published in Astronomy magazine, August 2009.
American aerospace engineers
Living people
Stanford University School of Engineering alumni
Georgia Tech faculty
NASA people
George Washington University School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
Penn State College of Engineering alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rüdiger König (born 8 April 1957), is a German diplomat who is currently the Permanent Representative of Germany to NATO since 2020.
From 2015, he was Head of the Department for Crisis Prevention, Stabilisation, Post-Conflict Rehabilitation and Humanitarian Aid at the Federal Foreign Office.
Biography
Rüdiger König was born in Bonn on 8 April 1957.
After graduating from high school in 1977, König studied political science, constitutional and international law, and sociology at the University of Bonn, graduating with a master's degree.
On 1 April 1986, König entered the Foreign Service. In 1989 his first assignment abroad followed at the Permanent Mission to the United Nations in New York City. After working as a desk officer in the United Nations department at the Federal Foreign Office in Bonn from 1992 to 1996, he worked from 1997 to 1999 as a desk officer for Afghanistan at the Embassy in Islamabad. From 1999 to 2002, König was deputy head of department in the United Nations department at the Federal Foreign Office and in 2001 he was a member of the German delegation at the Petersberg Conference on Afghanistan. From 2002 to 2004 he headed the office of Federal President Johannes Rau in Berlin, as he held the same position for Rau until 2006 after he left office. He then worked until 2008 as Head of the Political Department of the in Brussels. After that, König took over the management of the special staff Afghanistan-Pakistan in the Federal Foreign Office.
From August 2010 to September 2013 he was the successor to as Ambassador of Germany to Afghanistan and Head of the Embassy of Germany, Kabul. On 12 August 2013, he was awarded the Mir Masjidi Khan Order by Afghan Foreign Minister Zalmay Rassoul. succeeded König as ambassador to Afghanistan.
After completing his work in Afghanistan, he became the representative for the United Nations and human rights at the Federal Foreign Office's headquarters, and was then crisis officer in the Federal Foreign Office until 2015 and, as Ministerial Director, headed the Department for Crisis Prevention, Stabilization, Post-Conflict Relief and Humanitarian Aid in the Federal Foreign Office from 2015 to 2020.
In August 2020, König became the Permanent Representative of Germany to NATO.
Family
König is married and has a child.
References
1957 births
Living people
Permanent Representatives of Germany to NATO
Ambassadors of Germany to Afghanistan
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Grand Knights of the Order of the Falcon
University of Bonn alumni
People from Bonn
20th-century German diplomats
21st-century German diplomats
Thompson Glacier () is a channel glacier draining northward to the head of Paulding Bay. Delineated by G.D. Blodgett (1955) from aerial photographs taken by Operation Highjump (1946–47). Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Egbert Thompson, Midshipman on the sloop Wilkes.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Wilkes Land
Ruedemannipterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid classified as part of the family Dolichopteridae. The genus contains one species, R. stylonuroides, known from the Silurian of New York.
References
Eurypteroidea
Silurian eurypterids
Silurian arthropods of North America
Eurypterids of North America
The 2009 FC Bunyodkor season was the 3rd season in the Uzbek League in Uzbekistan. Bunyodkor competed in Uzbek League, Uzbekistani Cup and AFC Champions League tournaments.
Squad
Out on loan
Technical staff
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Loans out
Released
Competitions
Bunyodkor was present in all major competitions: Uzbek League, the AFC Champions League and the Uzbek Cup.
Uzbek League
Results
League table
Uzbekistan Cup
Final
AFC Champions League
Group Stage
Knockout Stage
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players away from Bunyodkor on loan:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left Bunyodkor during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
See also
List of unbeaten football club seasons
References
2009 season Top assists
External links
Official Website
Championat.uz
Bunyodkor
Sport in Tashkent
FC Bunyodkor seasons
Tommy Bell (March 13, 1923 – July 14, 1994) was an African-American boxer. As a professional, he faced legendary fighters such as Jake LaMotta, Fritzie Zivic, and Kid Gavilán. Bell fought for the welterweight title against Sugar Ray Robinson in 1946.
Early years
Bell was born in Ogelthorpe, Georgia, a son of Shed and Bessie Howard Bell. When he was still a child, his family relocated to Youngstown, Ohio, a steel-production center near the Pennsylvania border. Bell attended Scienceville High School before embarking on his amateur career.
Boxing career
During his career as an amateur boxer, Bell won 22 fights and lost three. In 1942, he won the Ohio AAU Welterweight Championship. In his professional career, Bell participated in 82 fights and won 59. At one point in his career, he scored 34 wins in a row. In a five day period, he once knocked out five opponents. Bell was best known for a 15-round welterweight title loss to Sugar Ray Robinson, on December 20, 1946.
Later years
Bell returned to Youngstown after retiring from the ring in 1951. He was active as a coach and trainer, and in 1985, he was inducted into the community's Curbstone Coaches Hall of Fame.
References
1923 births
1994 deaths
African-American boxers
American male boxers
Boxers from Youngstown, Ohio
Welterweight boxers
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
Liu Changcheng (, born 3 May 1964) is a former Chinese volleyball player. He participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics. He later immigrated to Germany, and played for the German clubs Moerser SC (1989–1993) and Post Telekom Berlin (1993–1995). He is currently a coach in Germany.
References
Chinese men's volleyball players
1964 births
Living people
Olympic volleyball players of China
Volleyball players from Beijing
Volleyball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in volleyball
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Volleyball players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
P'arnajom or P'arnajob (, ფარნაჯობი) (died 90 BC) was a king of Iberia from 109 to 90 BC, the fourth in the P'arnavaziani line. He is known exclusively from the royal list included in the medieval Georgian chronicles.
He succeeded on death of his father, Mirian I in 109 BC. He is reported to have added another idol, that of the god Zaden, to the Iberian pagan pantheon, and to have built a fortress to house it. His policy of importing foreign religion is said to have caused a general uprising. The chronicle goes on to describe a great battle between P'arnajom and his nobles in which the king is defeated and killed, and the crown given to his son-in-law, Arshak/Artaxias, son of the king of Armenia, the rebels' ally. P'arnajom's son, Mirian (Mirvan), survives, however, to be taken and brought up at the Parthian court.
References
Thomson, Robert W. (1996), Rewriting Caucasian History: The Medieval Armenian Adaptation of the Georgian Chronicles, p. 42. Oxford University Press, .
Rapp, Stephen H. (2003), Studies In Medieval Georgian Historiography: Early Texts And Eurasian Contexts, pp. 282–284. Peeters Bvba .
Toumanoff, Cyril. Chronology of the Early Kings of Iberia. Traditio 25 (1969), pp. 10–11.
90 BC deaths
Pharnavazid kings of Iberia
2nd-century BC rulers in Asia
1st-century BC rulers in Asia
Year of birth unknown
Ben Murphy is a British pilot. He is a pilot of The Blades aerobatic team, and master class of the Red Bull Air Race World Championship. He is a former Commanding Officer of the Royal Air Force display team The Red Arrows
Biography
His grandfathers were Royal Air Force pilots. While attending Newcastle University, he belonged to the Air Squadron.
In 1997, he enlisted in the Royal Air Force. In 2006, he was appointed team pilot of Red Arrows.
In 2016, he joined the Red Bull Air Race as Challenger class pilot. In 2018, he was promoted to the master class from the Challenger class of Red Bull Air Race.
In 2019, he finished 4th in the Red Bull Air Race World Championship in only his second season as a Master Class Pilot
He uses Zivko Edge 540 V2 (Aircraft registration: N540BM) in the air race. The aircraft's liveries are Union Jack. The original owner of this aircraft was Peter Podlunšek (S5-MPP).
Results
Red Bull Air Race
Challenger Class
Legend: * CAN: Cancelled * DNP: Did not take part * DNS: Did not start * DSQ: Disqualified
Master Class
Gallery
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
British aviators
British air racers
Red Bull Air Race World Championship pilots
Aerobatic pilots
Stephen Coleman Figueroa (born June 30, 1987) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) infielder who played for the Tampa Bay Rays, New York Yankees and Pittsburgh Pirates between 2014 and 2016. He currently works in the Tampa Bay Rays front office as the Assistant Director of Hitting Development.
Amateur career
Figueroa attended Lincoln High School in Tallahassee, Florida, where he helped take the school's baseball team to the District 4A Championship. Figueroa played college baseball at the University of Florida while majoring in Sports Management. Figueroa's college achievements included All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) Freshman Team the SEC all-academic team. Figueroa was also named freshman All-American by rivals.com, Louisville Slugger, and Baseball America. He was selected to the Dick Howser Trophy watch list.
In 2008, Figueroa was named to the All-SEC academic team. He was named a Golden Spikes Award finalist along with being named to the midseason watch list for the Brooks Wallace Award. Figueroa led the Gators that year in average, home runs, RBI, Slugging percentage and on-base percentage.
In 2007, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League (CCBL), and was named a league all-star. He returned to the CCBL in 2008 to play for the Orleans Cardinals.
Professional career
Tampa Bay Rays
Figueroa was drafted in the 6th round in the 2008 MLB Draft by the San Diego Padres. Figueroa received an over slot $400,000 signing bonus when he signed a contract with the Padres on July 5, 2008.
The Padres traded Figueroa to the Tampa Bay Rays along with Brandon Gomes, Cesar Ramos, and Adam Russell in exchange for Jason Bartlett on December 17, 2010. The Rays called up Figueroa to the major leagues on May 15, 2014 and he made his MLB debut two days later.
New York Yankees
Figueroa signed with the New York Yankees organization on a minor league contract in December 2014. He began the season with the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders of the Class AAA International League. The Yankees promoted Figueroa to the major leagues on July 9. He elected free agency on November 6, 2015.
Pittsburgh Pirates
On December 8, 2015, Figueroa signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates. On April 2, 2016, it was announced that Figueroa would make the Pirates Opening Day roster as a reserve infielder, beating out offseason acquisition Jason Rogers and incumbent Pedro Florimón for the job. He hit .260/.321/.340 in 57 plate appearances in spring training.
Figueroa made his Pirates debut on April 8, 2016, fouling out to third base in a pinch hit appearance. On June 24, he was designated for assignment.
Los Angeles Dodgers
On June 28, 2016, he was claimed off waivers by the Los Angeles Dodgers and optioned to the AAA Oklahoma City Dodgers. He was designated for assignment by the Dodgers on July 8, and elected free agency over an outright assignment on July 11.
Post-playing career
On December 16, 2021, the Tampa Bay Rays announced that Figueroa had been promoted to serve as the team's director of baseball operations.
Personal life
Figueroa is the son of Cindy and Bien Figueroa. His father played in the major leagues for the St. Louis Cardinals.
See also
List of second-generation Major League Baseball players
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Baseball players from Tallahassee, Florida
Major League Baseball second basemen
Tampa Bay Rays players
New York Yankees players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Florida Gators baseball players
Orleans Firebirds players
Harwich Mariners players
Eugene Emeralds players
Fort Wayne TinCaps players
Lake Elsinore Storm players
Montgomery Biscuits players
Durham Bulls players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders players
Peoria Saguaros players
Leones del Escogido players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Indianapolis Indians players
Oklahoma City Dodgers players
Ahmed Hassan (born 18 June 1995) is a Pakistani-born Italian cricketer. In November 2019, he was named in Italy's squad for the Cricket World Cup Challenge League B tournament in Oman. He made his List A debut, for Italy against Hong Kong, on 8 December 2019. In June 2022, he was named in Switzerland's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against Luxembourg.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Italian cricketers
Cricketers from Lahore
Pakistani emigrants to Italy
Giovanni Bonati (born April 17, 1991 in Sarzana, La Spezia) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1991 births
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
People from Sarzana
Sportspeople from the Province of La Spezia
William Payne Alston (November 29, 1921 – September 13, 2009) was an American philosopher. He is widely considered to be one of the most important epistemologists and philosophers of religion of the twentieth century, and is also known for his work in metaphysics and the philosophy of language. His views on foundationalism, internalism and externalism, speech acts, and the epistemic value of mystical experience, among many other topics, have been very influential. He earned his PhD from the University of Chicago and taught at the University of Michigan, Rutgers University, University of Illinois, and Syracuse University.
Early life and education
Alston was born to Eunice Schoolfield and William Alston on November 29, 1921, in Shreveport, Louisiana. He graduated from high school when he was 15 and went on to Centenary College of Louisiana, graduating in 1942 with a Bachelor of Music in piano. During World War II, he played clarinet and bass drum in a military band in California. During this time, he became interested in philosophy, sparked by W. Somerset Maugham's book The Razor's Edge, and read the works of well-known philosophers such as Jacques Maritain, Mortimer J. Adler, Francis Bacon, Plato, René Descartes, and John Locke. Alston was honorably discharged from the US army in 1946, going on to enter a graduate program for philosophy at the University of Chicago, even though he had never formally taken a class on the subject. While he was there, he learned more about philosophy from Richard McKeon and Charles Hartshorne, and he received his PhD in 1951. His dissertation was on the subject of the philosophy of Alfred North Whitehead.
Career
From 1949 until 1971, Alston was a professor at the University of Michigan, and he became professor of philosophy in 1961. He then taught at Rutgers University for five years, followed by the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign from 1976 to 1980 and then Syracuse University from 1980 to 1992. Alston's early work was on the philosophy of language, later going on to focus on epistemology and the philosophy of religion from the early 1970s onwards.
Together with Alvin Plantinga, Nicholas Wolterstorff, Robert Adams, and Michael L. Peterson, Alston helped to found the journal Faith and Philosophy. With Plantinga, Wolterstorff, and others, Alston was also responsible for the development of "Reformed epistemology" (a term that Alston, an Episcopalian, never fully endorsed), one of the most important contributions to Christian thought in the twentieth century. Alston was president of the Western Division (now the Central Division) of the American Philosophical Association in 1979, the Society for Philosophy and Psychology, and the Society of Christian Philosophers, which he co-founded. He was widely recognized as one of the core figures in the late twentieth-century revival of the philosophy of religion. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1990.
Death
Alston died in a nursing home in Jamesville, New York, on September 13, 2009, at the age of 87.
Bibliography
Beyond "Justification": Dimensions of Epistemic Evaluation, Ithaca, New York: Cornell University Press, 2005.
A Sensible Metaphysical Realism (The Aquinas Lecture, 2001), Milwaukee, Wisconsin: Marquette University Press, 2001.
Illocutionary Acts and Sentence Meaning, Ithaca, New York: Cornell University Press, 2000.
A Realist Conception of Truth, Ithaca, New York: Cornell University Press, 1996.
Epistemic Justification: Essays in the Theory of Knowledge, Ithaca, New York: Cornell University Press, 1996.
The Reliability of Sense Perception, Ithaca, New York: Cornell University Press, 1993.
Perceiving God: The Epistemology of Religious Experience, Ithaca, New York: Cornell University Press, 1991.
Divine Nature and Human Language: Essays in Philosophical Theology. Ithaca, New York: Cornell University Press, 1989.
Philosophy of Language, Englewood Cliffs, Prentice Hall, 1964
See also
American philosophy
List of American philosophers
References
Further reading
1921 births
2009 deaths
20th-century American philosophers
21st-century American philosophers
American metaphysics writers
Analytic philosophers
Anglican philosophers
Epistemologists
Epistemology of religion
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Metaphysicians
People from DeWitt, New York
Philosophers from Louisiana
Philosophers from New York (state)
Philosophers of language
Philosophers of religion
Presidents of the Society of Christian Philosophers
Rutgers University faculty
Syracuse University faculty
University of Chicago alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
University of Michigan faculty
Writers from Shreveport, Louisiana
20th-century American Episcopalians
Wendell Johnson (April 16, 1906 – August 29, 1965) was an American psychologist, author and was a proponent of general semantics (or GS). He was born in Roxbury, Kansas and died in Iowa City, Iowa where most of his life's work was based. The Wendell Johnson Speech and Hearing Center, which houses the University of Iowa's speech pathology and audiology programs, is named after him. Aside from his contributions to speech–language pathology, he is known for the experiment he created with Mary Tudor nicknamed "The Monster Study" for the damage it did to its human subjects.
Early life
Johnson began to stutter when he was around the age of five or six. When he turned twenty he began his studies at the University of Iowa in Iowa City, Iowa during 1926 to study English. He switched to psychology for his Master's degree.
The Monster Study
Wendell Johnson developed a study with the hopes of gathering a better understanding into the depths of stuttering. During the fall of 1938, Wendell Johnson recruited Mary Tudor, one of his clinical psychology graduate students His goal was to see if she would be able to cause children who spoke perfectly well to adopt a speech defect. She drove to the Iowa Soldiers and Sailors Orphans' home where there were more than 600 orphans as well as children whose parents were unable to care for them. Of the 600 orphans, Tudor selected twenty-two children who would go on to become her subjects in what is now known as the monster study.
The twenty-two children were separated into four groups: Group IA, Group IB, Group IIA, and Group IIB. Group IA consisted of five children who did in fact stutter and were given the label “stutterers” although the goal for this group of children was to remove the label placed on them. They were told they spoke normally as opposed to being ostracized into a group of individuals who spoke otherwise. Group IB consisted of five children as well who were also labelled as “stutterers” however, unlike with Group IA these children were not told they spoke perfectly well, instead, these children were treated as such, stutterers. Group IIA consisted of six children who spoke outside the bounds of stuttering although they were labelled as “stutterers”. Unlike with the children in Group IA who did in fact stutter but were told they spoke perfectly well, the children in group IIA spoke perfectly well and were told they had an issue with stuttering. Lastly was Group IIB which consisted of six children as well who did not stutter and had no negative speech connotations placed on them. Each group of children were treated according to their labels
This study lasted the full semester and Mary Tudor had speech sessions with each of the children in order to record their progress to add to her data. After the semester long study the results were observed. As expected, there were no major changes with the children in groups IA, IB, and IIB. However the children in group IIA had a “decrease in verbal output” as well as “they were reluctant to speak and spoke only when they were urged to” (Leonard 2019, p. 72).
One of the many issues that arose from this study was the use of children without the use of informed consent. The major issue that arose from Johnson's experiment was the induction of stuttering in children who had not previously had issues with speech. This was in some ways an accomplishment in terms of what it was Johnson was trying to prove although it came at the expense of these children. Leonard discusses the legalities circulating around the individuals who were a part of group IIA. The six members sued the State of Iowa in 2003 and ultimately ended up being awarded $900,000 in 2007 by Iowa state in compensation.
Wendell Johnson's son, Nicholas Johnson, defended his father's study by arguing that it would pass institutional review board (IRB) approval in today's society:
In 1965, the year of Wendell Johnson's death, he was in the process of writing the Encyclopædia Britannica entry on “Speech Disorders”, defending both his work and his study when he had a heart attack. Although not fully completed, his 4,000-word essay was still published.
Stuttering contributions
Considered one of the earliest and most influential speech pathologists in the field, Johnson spent most of his life trying to find the cause and cure for stuttering – through teaching, research, scholarly and other writing, lecturing, supervision of graduate students, and persuading K-12 schools, the Veterans Administration and other institutions of the need for speech pathologists. He played a major role in the creation of the American Speech and Hearing Association. In 1930 Johnson published the book Because I Stutter, based on his master's thesis, which describes his struggles with stuttering from an autobiographical perspective.
The stutterer, if I may speak for him as a type, does not want pity any more than he wants contempt, but he does want the understanding which the normal respect of one human being for another makes possible. He is a human being, trying to make a stutterer's adaptation to a world of glib speakers.
Johnson's book People in Quandaries: The Semantics of Personal Adjustment (1946; still in print from the Institute of General Semantics) is an introduction to general semantics applied to psychotherapy. In 1956 his Your Most Enchanted Listener was published; in 1972, his Living With Change: The Semantics of Coping, a collection of selected portions of transcriptions of hundreds of his talks, organized by Dorothy Moeller, provided further general semantic insights. He also published many articles in his lifetime, in journals, including ETC: A Review of General Semantics. [1] Neil Postman acknowledges the influence of People in Quandaries in his own general semantics book Crazy Talk, Stupid Talk (1976, Delacorte, New York):
I am tempted to say that there are two kinds of people in the world – those who will learn something from this book (People in Quandaries) and those who will not. The best blessing I can give you is to wish that as you go through life you will be surrounded by the former and neglected by the latter.
Patricia Zebrowski, University of Iowa assistant professor of speech pathology and audiology, notes, "The body of data that resulted from Johnson's work on children who stutter and their parents is still the largest collection of scientific information on the subject of stuttering onset. Although new work has determined that children who stutter are doing something different in their speech production than non-stutterers, Johnson was the first to talk about the importance of a stutterer's thoughts, attitudes, beliefs, and feelings. We still don't know what causes stuttering, but the 'Iowa' way of approaching study and treatment is still heavily influenced by Johnson, but with an added emphasis on speech production."
Attacks on the 1930s master's thesis, and the journalistic labeling as a "Monster Study", due to the experimentation on orphaned children and the massive, lifelong damage it did to them, contributed to controversy. On the one hand, speech research scientists Nicoline Grinager Ambrose and Ehud Yairi are critical of the conclusions that Mary Tudor drew from her data, but believe that no harm was done to the subjects and that there was no intention to do harm. Others felt the study was unethical by today's standards but fell within the bounds of those standards in 1939.
On the other hand, Richard Schwartz concludes in Chapter 6 of the book that the study "was unfortunate in Tudor and Johnson's lack of regard for the potential harm to the children who participated and in their selection of institutionalized children simply because they were easily available. The deception and the apparent lack of debriefing were also not justifiable." Other authors concur claiming the orphan experiment was not within the ethical boundaries of acceptable research. The University of Iowa paid a settlement to some of the surviving subjects of over $900,000 in 2007.
Personal life
Johnson had a son, Nicholas Johnson (September 23, 1934) who was the former American Federal Communications Commission (FCC) commissioner from the years 1966 to 1973.
See also
Human experimentation in the United States
References
External links
Wendell A. L. Johnson (1906-1965) Memorial Home Page
1906 births
1965 deaths
20th-century American psychologists
General semantics
Human subject research in the United States
People from McPherson County, Kansas
University of Iowa faculty
Speech and language pathologists
Communication scholars
Stuttering
Kozhym () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of republic significance of Inta in the Komi Republic, Russia. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 10.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, the urban-type settlement of Kozhym, together with three rural localities, is incorporated as Kozhym Urban-Type Settlement Administrative Territory, which is subordinated to the town of republic significance of Inta. Within the framework of municipal divisions, Kozhym is a part of Inta Urban Okrug.
References
Notes
Sources
Urban-type settlements in the Komi Republic
The 16th Sarasaviya Awards festival (), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1987 Sinhala cinema on July 23, 1988, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Minister of National Defense, Trade and Shipping Lalith Athulathmudali was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Viragaya won most number of awards with twelve awards including Best Film, Best Director and Best Actor.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1988 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Rebeka Abramovič (born 6 November 1993) is a Slovenian basketball player for KK Triglav Kranj and the Slovenian national team.
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
1993 births
Living people
Slovenian women's basketball players
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Shooting guards
Amphinomidae, also known as the bristle worms or sea mice, are a family of marine polychaetes, many species of which bear chaetae mineralized with carbonate. The best-known amphinomids are the fireworms, which can cause great pain if their toxin-coated chaetae are touched or trodden on. Their relationship to other polychaete groups is somewhat poorly resolved.
Complanine
Complanine is a quaternary ammonium salt that has been isolated from the marine fireworm Eurythoe complanata. It causes an inflammatory effect upon contact with the skin or mucous membranes.
It was previously known that handling the fireworm caused it to release a chemical that induces inflammation of the skin of marine predators and mammals (including humans). Complanine was the first compound isolated from the fireworm which causes these effects. It is presumed that this compound's function is to deter predators of the fireworm.
Species
Most genera in Amphinomidae are divided into two subfamilies: Amphinominae, and Archinominae.
Ankitokazoa Alessandrello & Bracchi, 2005†
Ankitokazoa bezanozanoi Alessandrello & Bracchi, 2005†
Bathynotopygos Kucheruk, 1981
Bathynotopygos abyssalis Kucheruk, 1981
Pherecardites Horst, 1912
Pherecardites parva Horst, 1912
Pherecardites quinquemaculata Augener, 1927
Sangiria Horst, 1911
Sangiria hystrix Horst, 1911
Zothea Risso, 1826
Zothea meridionalis Risso, 1826
Amphinominae Lamarck, 1818
Alleurythoe Sun & Li, 2017
Alleurythoe tenuichaeta Sun & Li, 2017
Amphinome Bruguière, 1789
Amphinome bruguieresi Quatrefages, 1866
Amphinome carnea Grube, 1856
Amphinome nigrobranchiata Horst, 1912
Amphinome praelonga Haswell, 1878
Amphinome rostrata (Pallas, 1766)
Amphinome savignyi Brulle, 1832
Amphinome stylifera Grube, 1860
Amphinome umbo Grube, 1870
Amphinome vagans (Savigny, 1822)
Benthoscolex Horst, 1912
Benthoscolex coecus Horst, 1912
Benthoscolex cubanus Hartman, 1942
Benthoscolex microcarunculata (Treadwell, 1901)
Benthoscolex seisuiae Jimi, Kimura, Ogawa & Kajihara, 2018
Branchamphinome Hartman, 1967
Branchamphinome antarctica Hartman, 1967
Branchamphinome islandica Detinova, 1986
Branchamphinome tropicalis Barroso, Ranauro & Kudenov, 2017
Cryptonome Borda, Kudenov, Bienhold & Rouse, 2012
Cryptonome barbada Barroso, Kudenov, Halanych, Saeedi, Sumida & Bernardino, 2018
Cryptonome conclava Borda, Kudenov, Bienhold & Rouse, 2012
Cryptonome parvecarunculata (Horst, 1912)
Cryptonome turcica (Çinar, 2008)
Eurythoe Kinberg, 1857
Eurythoe brasiliensis Hansen, 1882
Eurythoe clavata Baird, 1868
Eurythoe complanata (Pallas, 1766)
Eurythoe dubia Horst, 1912
Eurythoe encopochaeta (Schmarda, 1861)
Eurythoe hedenborgi Kinberg, 1857
Eurythoe indica (Schmarda, 1861)
Eurythoe karachiensis Bindra, 1927
Eurythoe laevisetis Fauvel, 1914
Eurythoe longicirra (Schmarda, 1861)
Eurythoe matthaii Bindra, 1927
Eurythoe paupera (Grube, 1856)
Eurythoe rullieri Fauvel, 1953
Eurythoe syriaca Kinberg, 1857
Hermodice Kinberg, 1857
Hermodice carunculata (Pallas, 1766)
Hermodice sanguinea (Schmarda, 1861)
Hermodice savignyi (Brulle, 1832)
Hermodice smaragdina (Schmarda, 1861)
Hipponoe Audouin & Milne Edwards, 1830
Hipponoe gaudichaudi Audouin & Milne Edwards, 1830
Linopherus Quatrefages, 1866
Linopherus abyssalis (Fauchald, 1972)
Linopherus acarunculatus (Monro, 1937)
Linopherus ambigua (Monro, 1933)
Linopherus annulata (Hartmann-Schröder, 1965)
Linopherus beibuwanensis Sun & Li, 2016
Linopherus brevis (Grube, 1878)
Linopherus canariensis Langerhans, 1881
Linopherus fauchaldi San Martín, 1986
Linopherus hemuli (Fauchald, 1972)
Linopherus hirsuta (Wesenberg-Lund, 1949)
Linopherus incarunculata (Peters, 1854)
Linopherus kristiani Salazar-Vallejo, 1987
Linopherus microcephala (Fauvel, 1932)
Linopherus minuta (Knox, 1960)
Linopherus oculata (Treadwell, 1941)
Linopherus oculifera (Augener, 1913)
Linopherus oligobranchia (Wu, Shen & Chen, 1975)
Linopherus paucibranchiata (Fauvel, 1932)
Linopherus reducta (Kudenov & Blake, 1985)
Linopherus spiralis (Wesenberg-Lund, 1949)
Linopherus tripunctata (Kudenov, 1975)
Paramphinome M. Sars in G. Sars 1872
Paramphinome australis Monro, 1930
Paramphinome besnardi Temperini in Amaral & Nonato, 1994
Paramphinome grandis Gustafson, 1930
Paramphinome indica Fauvel, 1932
Paramphinome jeffreysii (McIntosh, 1868)
Paramphinome pacifica Fauchald & Hancock, 1981
Paramphinome posterobranchiata Barroso & Paiva, 2008
Paramphinome splendens Gustafson, 1930
Paramphinome trionyx Intes & Le Loeuff, 1975
Pareurythoe Gustafson, 1930
Pareurythoe americana Hartman, 1951
Pareurythoe borealis (M. Sars, 1862)
Pareurythoe californica (Johnson, 1897)
Pareurythoe chilensis (Kinberg, 1857)
Pareurythoe elongata (Treadwell, 1931)
Pareurythoe gracilis Gustafson, 1930
Pareurythoe japonica Gustafson, 1930
Pareurythoe parvecarunculata (Horst, 1912)
Pareurythoe pitipanaensis De Silva, 1965
Pareurythoe spirocirrata (Essenberg, 1917)
Pherecardia Horst, 1886
Pherecardia maculata Imajima, 2003
Pherecardia parva Monro, 1924
Pherecardia polylamellata Silva, 1960
Pherecardia striata (Kinberg, 1857)
Archinominae Kudenov, 1991
Archinome Kudenov, 1991
Archinome jasoni Borda, Kudenov, Chevaldonné, Blake, Desbruyères, Fabri, Hourdez, Pleijel, Shank, Wilson, Schulze & Rouse, 2013
Archinome levinae Borda, Kudenov, Chevaldonné, Blake, Desbruyères, Fabri, Hourdez, Pleijel, Shank, Wilson, Schulze & Rouse, 2013
Archinome rosacea (Blake, 1985)
Archinome storchi Fiege & Bock, 2009
Archinome tethyana Borda, Kudenov, Chevaldonné, Blake, Desbruyères, Fabri, Hourdez, Pleijel, Shank, Wilson, Schulze & Rouse, 2013
Bathychloeia Horst, 1910
Bathychloeia balloniformis Böggemann, 2009
Bathychloeia sibogae Horst, 1910
Chloeia Lamarck, 1818
Chloeia amphora Horst, 1910
Chloeia australis Kudenov, 1993
Chloeia bengalensis Kinberg, 1867
Chloeia bistriata Grube, 1868
Chloeia candida Kinberg, 1857
Chloeia conspicua Horst, 1910
Chloeia egena Grube, 1855
Chloeia entypa Chamberlin, 1919
Chloeia flava (Pallas, 1766)
Chloeia furcigera Quatrefages, 1866
Chloeia fusca McIntosh, 1885
Chloeia inermis Quatrefages, 1866
Chloeia kudenovi Barroso & Paiva, 2011
Chloeia macleayi Haswell, 1878
Chloeia maculata Potts, 1909
Chloeia malaica Kinberg, 1867
Chloeia nuda Quatrefages, 1866
Chloeia parva Baird, 1868
Chloeia pinnata Moore, 1911
Chloeia pseudeuglochis Augener, 1922
Chloeia quatrefagesii Baird, 1868
Chloeia rosea Potts, 1909
Chloeia rupestris Risso, 1826
Chloeia tumida Baird, 1868
Chloeia venusta Quatrefages, 1866
Chloeia violacea Horst, 1910
Chloeia viridis Schmarda, 1861
Chloenopsis Fauchald, 1977
Chloenopsis atlantica (McIntosh, 1885)
Notopygos Grube, 1855
Notopygos albiseta Holly, 1939
Notopygos andrewsi Monro, 1924
Notopygos caribea Yáñez-Rivera & Carrera-Parra, 2012
Notopygos cirratus Horst, 1911
Notopygos crinita Grube, 1855
Notopygos flavus Haswell, 1878
Notopygos gardineri Potts, 1909
Notopygos gigas Horst, 1911
Notopygos gregoryi Holly, 1939
Notopygos hispida Potts, 1909
Notopygos horsti Monro, 1924
Notopygos kekooa Borda, Yanez-Rivera, Ochoa, Kudenov, Sanchez-Ortiz, Schulze & Rouse, 2017
Notopygos labiatus McIntosh, 1885
Notopygos megalops McIntosh, 1885
Notopygos mitsukurii Izuka, 1910
Notopygos ornata Grube, 1856
Notopygos parvus Haswell, 1878
Notopygos rayneri (Baird, 1868)
Notopygos splendens (Kinberg, 1857)
Notopygos subpragigas Uschakov & Wu, 1962
Notopygos variabilis Potts, 1909
Parachloeia Horst, 1912
Parachloeia marmorata Horst, 1912
Subfamily not assigned
†Rollinschaeta Parry, Wilson, Sykes, Edgecombe & Vinther, 2015
†Rollinschaeta myoplena Parry, Wilson, Sykes, Edgecombe & Vinther, 2015
Notes
References
External links
Polychaetes
Arjen Arî (1956 in Nusaybin, Turkey – 30 October 2012 in Amed/Diyarbakir) was a contemporary Kurdish poet and writer.
Biography
He was born in the village of Çalê located in the region of Nusaybin in southeastern Turkey. He graduated from the Turkish department of Diyarbakir College of Education in 1979. He was arrested for one week on charges of owning and distributing Kurdish and Turkish political pamphlets in 1976.
His writings have appeared in many Kurdish literary magazines including: Tîrêj, Berbang, Nûdem, Çira, Pelîn, and Rewşen. After being attacked by unidentified gunmen in 1992, he moved to Diyarbakir where he lived till his death.
He was one of the founders of the Kurdish Writers Association in 2004 and he served as its public relations officer.
Books
Ramûsan min veşartin li geliyekî, Poems, Avesta Publishers, 2000.
Ev çiya rûspî ne, Poems, Avesta Publishers, 2002.
Destana Kawa, Novel, Elma Publishers, 2003.
Eroûtîka, Poems, Lis Publishers, 2006.
Bakûrê Helbestê / Antolojiya Helbesta Bakûr (Anthology of Northern Kurdish Poetry), Union of Kurdish Writers of Duhok Publishers, 2008.
Şêrgele, Poems, Avesta Publishers, 2008.
References
Arjen Ari, Kurdish PEN (in Kurdish).
Interview with Arjen Ari, 2008 (in Kurdish).
Kurdish poets
Kurdish-language writers
1956 births
Date of birth missing
2012 deaths
20th-century poets
Pretty (or I Feel Pretty) is a television advertisement launched in 2006 by Nike, Inc. to promote its "Nike Women" brand of sportswear. The 60-second spot was handled by advertising agency Wieden+Kennedy in Portland, Oregon. The advert stars Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova in her first appearance as a spokesperson for the brand. Pretty debuted on U.S. television on August 20, 2006, with later appearances in cinemas and in print advertisements. It was directed by Czech director Ivan Zachariáš, with post-production and VFX work by The Mill.
The piece was a critical and popular success. It garnered some advertising and television industry awards.
Sequence
Pretty follows a day in the life of Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova. It shows her getting ready, leaving The Waldorf-Astoria Hotel and travelling by limousine to a match at New York City's Arthur Ashe Stadium pursued by paparazzi. Every person she passes on the way sings a line from "I Feel Pretty", a song performed by the character Maria in the second act of the stage musical "West Side Story". She arrives at the game, where fellow players, reporters, camera crew, the ball boys and girls, announcers, and umpire sing the chorus along with the crowd, until silenced by a powerful return ace from Sharapova. The ad ends with a superimposition of the Nike Swoosh and the strapline "Just Do It" over Sharapova as she gets into position for the next serve.
Background
The advertising agency Wieden+Kennedy began its partnership with Nike, Inc. in 1982 and, aside from a short period in the mid-1980s, has held the account ever since. In the early years of the partnership, campaigns were focused almost exclusively at male demographics, leaving the market for women's sportswear to rivals such as Reebok and LA Gear. The few campaigns targeted by Nike at women in the 1980s, including one with the copy line "It wouldn't hurt to stop eating like a pig, either.", had not proved particularly effective. Despite more successful efforts in the 1990s, such as the "If You Let Me Play" campaign, Nike decided in 1997 to briefly reassign the section of its marketing budget given to female-oriented promotion from Wieden+Kennedy to rival firm Goodby, Silverstein & Partners. Goodby's brief tenure as lead agency for this area of Nike's marketing saw it reposition the brand, eschewing the use of celebrity athletes in favour of ordinary women. However, the consolidation of Nike's account in 1999 with Wieden+Kennedy marked the return of celebrity endorsements to Nike campaigns, including athletes such as Olympic runner Suzy Favor-Hamilton. Pretty continued this trend, and showcased the debut of Maria Sharapova as a spokesperson for the brand.
Maria Sharapova had been playing tennis professionally since 2001, and became the youngest girl to reach the final at the junior Australian Open the following year, at the age of 14. In 2004, Sharapova became the third-youngest winner of the women's Wimbledon Championships. By 2005, she was ranked Number 1 in the world. Pretty was filmed and released in the run-up to Sharapova's appearance in the 2006 U.S. Open, a tournament she would go on to win.
Production
Production of the commercial began in early 2006. Wieden+Kennedy signed up director Ivan Zachariáš, known for his award-winning work on Land Rover's "Born Free" campaign and the Stella Artois pieces Plague and Pilot, to direct Pretty. Filming was done entirely on location, and the performances by the actors used in the spot were recorded live on set by miniature microphones concealed in their costume. Pretty was to be the first time Sharapova would appear in the Nike performance tennis dress she would wear to the U.S. Open. The stadium scene was filmed with only 100 extras, along with Tennis Hall of Fame inductee John McEnroe, his brother and captain of the 2004 U.S. Men's Olympic tennis team, Patrick McEnroe, and two-time tennis Olympic gold medalist Mary Joe Fernandez. The remaining 26,000 members of the crowd were created by The Mill before filming even began, using Massive, and were added to the scene in post production. Flame was used for minor enhancements to the piece, including adding reflections and other cleanup.
Release and reception
Pretty debuted on U.S. television on Sunday August 20, 2006, in a commercial break during Fox's annual Teen Choice Awards ceremony, a week before the start of the 2006 U.S. Open. Its run continued in bursts throughout the remainder of 2006 and the first quarter of 2007. The ad proved fairly popular, and was praised for showing female athletes as strong and self-assured, in direct contrast to an earlier campaign run during the 2004 Summer Olympics which showed Olympic runner Suzy Favor-Hamilton fleeing from a masked killer.
The piece was also critically successful, receiving awards from the advertising and television industries, including two Cannes Gold Lions in the categories of Film and Best Use of Music. It was shortlisted alongside Paint (Sony), Power of Wind (Epuron) and eventual winner Evolution (Dove) for the festival's Grand Prix.
Other awards given to the team behind Pretty include a silver award in the "Retail" category of the British Television Advertising Awards, and a bronze Clio Award in the "Apparel/Fashion" category.
Maria Sharapova went on to win the 2006 U.S. Open, and continues to act as a celebrity spokesperson for the Nike brand. In 2008, she was the focus of another Wieden+Kennedy piece entitled Be Your Own Fan, part of the web-based "Here I Am" advertising campaign, which charts her career to date in animated form.
References
External links
Pretty at the Smuggler production company website. (.mov format)
Pretty on YouTube
2006 works
American television commercials
2000s television commercials
Nike Inc. advertising
Wieden+Kennedy
"A Prisoner of the Past" is a single by English pop band Prefab Sprout, released by Kitchenware Records on 21 April 1997. It was the first single taken from their album Andromeda Heights. It reached No. 30 on the UK Singles Chart, and is the band's final top 40 hit to date.
Composition
Paddy McAloon originally wrote "A Prisoner of the Past" in the spring of 1989 for a proposed album of songs where he imagined he was writing for Phil Spector, wishing to emulate "all the niceties of Sixties pop music but with a more modern lyrical twist". "River Deep – Mountain High", a 1966 Spector production for Ike & Tina Turner, was a specific inspiration, though McAloon ultimately felt too small a recording space and too few musicians made it "impossible to create the Spector sound". McAloon has described it as a revenge song, with the lyrics being a stalker's threat to a former lover. His "pathetic dream of revenge" is the notion that both of them will become ghosts.
Release
Two days before release, Prefab Sprout performed the song on BBC1's The National Lottery Live. The song was playlisted by British radio stations including BBC Radio 1, BBC Radio 2, Virgin Radio, Heart London and Key 103 Manchester. A music video was released for the song, filmed in black and white and featuring the band in a manor house.
Reception
Amongst contemporary reviews, the song was met with a warm reception. Several reviewers commented on the song's 1960s-inspired sound, and some made comparisons to the work of Scott Walker and The Divine Comedy. The Guardians Phil Daoust considered the song "beautiful and seductive in a horrible kind of way, not least because it's an unashamed homage to Phil Spector." Writing for the Italian magazine Musica, Enrico Sisti declared "A Prisoner of the Past" "a "Be My Baby" for 2000". Writing for the Sunday Tribune, Colm O'Callaghan highlighted the song's "wash of cinemascope strings and timpani drums over McAloon's lispish reverie", but felt the song could only really measure up in the context of Andromeda Heights. Bob Eborall wrote in the Ealing Leader that the track was "catchy" and "a winner", while an uncredited writer for the Irish Independent praised McAloon's "typically florid melody structures" and described the song as "as exquisite as anything from his glorious past". Mojos Chris Ingham was unfavourable, describing the song as "over-arranged" and "disappointing".
In 1999, Tom Ewing of Freaky Trigger ranked "A Prisoner of the Past" at number 72 in his list of the "Top 100 Singles of the 90s". Ewing praised the song's "preposterous, sheer melodrama", describing it as "pure diva pop" and "a mock-epic of Broadway proportions, dwarfing everything on its puny parent album Andromeda Heights".
Track listingsCD1 "A Prisoner Of The Past" (Radio Edit) – 3:51
"A Prisoner Of The Past" (Album Version) – 5:03
"Just Because I Can" – 3:55
"Where The Heart Is" – 2:04CD2'
"A Prisoner Of The Past" (Radio Edit) – 3:51
"Just Because I Can" – 3:54
The King of Rock 'n' Roll – 4:22
Cars and Girls – 4:26
References
Prefab Sprout songs
1997 singles
Songs written by Paddy McAloon
1997 songs
Volume 3: A Child's Guide to Good and Evil is the fourth album by the American psychedelic rock band The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band (WCPAEB), and was released on Reprise Records in May 1968. By the time the group commenced recording Volume 3, guitarist Danny Harris had excused himself from the WCPAEB, reducing their numbers to a trio. As with the WCPAEB's earlier work, the album saw the band continue to blend psychedelic influences and complex studio techniques, and was marked by a bizarre fusion of innocence and malice in the band's lyrics. Volume 3 featured the WCPAEB's most ambitious music to date, and the striking cover art of John Van Hamersveld, yet it failed to sell in sufficient copies to chart nationally. In more recent times, the album has been considered the band's most accomplished work and a masterpiece of the psychedelic genre.
Background
The WCPAEB had toured extensively on the Los Angeles live circuit during the first two years of their existence, but by 1968 the band stopped performing to become a studio band and focus exclusively on record production. In terms of record sales, the WCPAEB had fallen short of success on their major label albums Part One and Vol. 2 (Breaking Through) released by Reprise Records. After Danny Harris succumbed to what his brother bassist Shaun Harris described as a "sort of manic depressive illness", the group was effectively dropped to the trio of Bob Markley, Shaun Harris, and Ron Morgan, with session musician Jim Gordon on drums.
Recording sessions for Volume 3 commenced in early 1968, with Markley and Jimmy Bowen producing and Joe Sidore serving as the audio engineer. Morgan was instrumental in creating the psychedelic sound effects that adorned much of the album's tracks. In an interview, Morgan's younger brother Robert recalled how Morgan provided his contributions to the album: "Ron could really put on his guitar antics! He would use some very unusual effects. He had a Magnatone which Seers Roebuck made for accordions and it had a wild organ-type of sound. He would also use a Lesley speaker and a lot of Vox equipment - amps and 12-strings - because the group were sponsored by them for a while".
Among the songs that were recorded for Volume 3, the Markley-Morgan penned composition "Eighteen Is Over the Hill" according to music historian Richie Unterberger was one of the album's most pleasing moments with "some exquisite pop harmonies". Another song written by the two, "As the World Rises and Falls", features a guitar line reminiscent of "Smell of Incense" from the previous album, and some of Markley's most poetic phrasing. The album's title-track made effective use of wordless harmony vocals and the oddly striking and macabre imagery monologued by Markley. Both "Ritual #1" and "As Kind as Summer" make ample use of sound manipulation techniques, the latter of which features a reel-to-reel tape manually rocked back and forth, (as one of the earliest examples of "scratching" found on a recording) over the word "evil", backwards and forwards, gradually slowed down to nothing. In addition, "As Kind as Summer", along with the "live" song "Watch Yourself", were credited to Robert Bryant and Robert Yeazel respectively, both musicians who performed live with the WCPAEB.
Volume 3 was released in May 1968 and despite being less focused than Volume 2, it nonetheless successfully expanded on the musical approach of its predecessor. The album's front cover features the artwork of graphic designer John Van Hamersveld, adding an abstract image which contrasted light and darkness. Although the album failed to chart at the time, the work's reputation has grown over the years. Sean Lennon, writing for Rolling Stone magazine, placed Volume 3 in his list of lost psychedelic albums classics, and has described it as "really out there. They almost make Frank Zappa seem mainstream". A review on the Rising Storm website commented that the album is "a surreal set of beautiful folk-rock and off-the-wall psychedelic excursions from the mind of notorious west-coast playboy Bob Markley". Richie Unterberger was less than complimentary in his review, describing the album as contrived and "average or even unmemorable, easy-going late-1960s L.A. rock".
By the 1990s, a revival of interest in the WCPAEB had begun, which resulted in Sundazed Records reissuing Volume 3 and their previous three albums in 2001. The Sundazed reissue features two bonus tracks, the mono versions of "Shifting Sands" and "1906", both taken from their second album Part One. European reinstallments of Volume 3 omit "Anniversary of World War III", which is just total silence.
Track listing
"Eighteen Is Over the Hill" (Bob Markley, Ron Morgan) - 2:42
"In the Country" (Markley, Shaun Harris) - 2:03
"Ritual #1" (Markley, Harris, John Ware) 2:09
"Our Drummer Always Plays in the Nude" (Markley, Harris) - 2:45
"As the World Rises and Falls" (Markley, Morgan) - 4:52
"Until the Poorest People Have Money to Spend" (Markley, Harris) - 2:18
"Watch Yourself" (R.Yaezel) - 5:20
"A Child's Guide to Good and Evil" (Markley, Harris) - 2:29
"Ritual #2" (Markley, Harris) - 2:04
"A Child of a Few Hours Is Burning to Death" (Markley, Morgan) - 2:41
"As Kind as Summer" (Markley, Harris, Roger Bryant) - 1:10
"Anniversary of World War III" (Markley) - 1:36
2001 CD bonus tracks
"Shifting Sands (Single mix)" (Baker Knight) - 3:54
"1906 (Single mix)" (Markley, Morgan) - 2:17
Personnel
Bob Markley - backing vocals, spoken word, tambourine, percussion
Shaun Harris - lead vocals, bass guitar
Ron Morgan - backing vocals, lead guitar, sitar
Hal Blaine - drums, percussion
References
1968 albums
The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band albums
Reprise Records albums
Sequel albums
Verdun (, , , ; official name before 1970 Verdun-sur-Meuse) is a large city in the Meuse department in Grand Est, northeastern France. It is an arrondissement of the department.
Verdun is the biggest city in Meuse, although the capital of the department is Bar-le-Duc, which is slightly smaller than Verdun. It is well known for giving its name to a major battle of the First World War.
Geography
Verdun is situated on both banks of the river Meuse, in the northern part of the Meuse department. It is connected by rail to Jarny. The A4 autoroute Paris–Metz–Strasbourg passes south of the town.
History
Verdun (Verodunum, a latinisation of a place name meaning "strong fort" in Gaulish) was founded by the Gauls.It has been the seat of the bishop of Verdun since the 4th century, with interruptions. In 486, following the decisive Frankish victory at the Battle of Soissons, the city (amongst several other nearby cities) refused to yield to the Franks and was thus besieged by King Clovis I. The 843 Treaty of Verdun divided Charlemagne's empire between his three surviving sons.
Around this time, a city called Verdun was the centre of the thriving European trade in young boys who were sold to the Islamic emirates of Iberia, where they were enslaved as eunuchs. The Italian ambassador Liutprand of Cremona, as one example in the 10th century, presented a gift of four eunuchs to Emperor Constantine VII. The identity of the "Verdun" mentioned in sources is disputed, because there are many cities called Verdun in Europe (such as Verdun-sur-Garonne in Occitania, and Verdun-sur-le-Doubs). While many still identify it as Verdun on the Meuse, some argue that Verdun-sur-le-Doubs is a more feasible identification. It is also possible that Liutprand was referring to Verona.
From 1200 onward, Verdun has been famous for its Dragées or sugared almonds; they were distributed at the baptism of French princes.
Verdun was part of the middle kingdom of Lotharingia, and in 1374 it became a free imperial city of the Holy Roman Empire. The Bishopric of Verdun formed together with Tull (Toul) and Metz the Three Bishoprics, which were annexed by France in 1552 (recognized in 1648 by the Peace of Westphalia).
From 1624 to 1636, a large bastioned citadel was constructed on the site of the Abbey of Saint Vanne. In 1670, Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban visited Verdun and drew up an ambitious scheme to fortify the whole city. Although much of his plan was built in the following decades, some of the elements were not completed until after the Napoleonic Wars. During the Napoleonic War, the citadel was used to hold British prisoners of war.
In the Franco-Prussian War, Verdun was the last French fortress to surrender in 1870. Shortly afterwards, a new system of fortification was begun. This consisted of a mutually supporting ring of 22 polygonal forts up to from the city, and an inner ring of 6 forts.
Battle of Verdun (1792)
Despite the extensive fortifications, in the Battle of Verdun in 1792 the fortress was captured by the Prussians during the War of the First Coalition. The Battle was fought on August 20, 1792, between French Revolutionary forces and a Prussian army. The Prussian victory opened the path to Paris for the invading armies. However, the Prussians were unable to press their success and abandoned Verdun following the Battle of Valmy.
Battle of Verdun (First World War)
Verdun was the site of a major battle, the longest-lasting of the First World War. One of the costliest battles in military history, Verdun exemplified the policy of a "war of attrition" pursued by both sides, which led to an enormous loss of life and very large casualty lists.
Following the failure of the Schlieffen Plan in 1914 and the solidifying of the Western Front, Germany remained on the strategic defensive in the west throughout most of 1915. In the winter of 1915–16, German General Erich von Falkenhayn, the chief of the German General Staff (1914–1916) made plans for a large offensive on the Western Front that ultimately aimed to break the French Army through the application of firepower at a point that the French had to hold for reasons of national prestige. As Falkenhayn recalled it, his so-called "Christmas memorandum" to Kaiser Willhelm II envisioned a massive but limited attack on a French position 'for the retention of which the French Command would be compelled to throw in every man they have'. Once the French army had bled to death, Britain could be brought down by Germany's submarine blockade and superior military strength. The logic of initiating a battle not to gain territory or a strategic position but simply to create a self-sustaining killing ground—to bleed the French army to death—pointed to the grimness of military vision in 1916.
Recent scholarship by Holger Afflerbach and others, however, has questioned the veracity of the Christmas memo. No copy has ever surfaced and the only account of it appeared in Falkenhayn's post-war memoir. His army commanders at Verdun, including the German Crown Prince, denied any knowledge of an attrition strategy. It is possible that Falkenhayn did not specifically design the battle to bleed the French army but used this supposed motive after the fact in an attempt to justify the Verdun offensive, despite its failure.
Verdun was the strongest point in pre-war France, ringed by a string of powerful forts, including Douaumont and Fort Vaux. By 1916, the salient at Verdun jutted into the German lines and lay vulnerable to attack from three sides. The historic city of Verdun had been an oppidum of the Gauls before Roman times and later a key asset in wars against Prussia, and Falkenhayn suspected that the French would throw as many men as necessary into its defence. Ironically, France had substantially weakened Verdun's defences after the outbreak of the war, an oversight that would contribute to the removal of Joseph Joffre from supreme command at the end of 1916. The attack was slated to begin on 12 February, then 16 February, but the snow forced repeated postponements.
Falkenhayn massed over 1000 artillery pieces to the north and east of Verdun to precede the infantry advance with intensive artillery bombardment. His attack would hit the French positions on the right bank of the Meuse. Although French intelligence had warned of his plans, these warnings were ignored by the French Command and troop levels in the area remained low. Consequently, Verdun was utterly unprepared for the initial bombardment on the morning of 21 February 1916. German infantry attacks followed that afternoon and met tenacious but ultimately inadequate resistance for the first four days.
On 25 February, the Germans occupied Douaumont. French reinforcements—now under the leadership of General Philippe Pétain—began to arrive and were instantly thrown into "the furnace" (as the battle was called) to slow the German advance, no matter what the cost. Over the next several days, the stubborn defense managed to slow the German advance with a series of bloody counter-attacks. In March, Falkenhayn decided to target the French positions on the left bank of the Meuse as well, broadening the offensive front twofold. Throughout March and April, Cumières-le-Mort-Homme and Hill 304 were under continuous heavy bombardment and relentless infantry attacks. Meanwhile, Pétain organised repeated, small-scale counter-attacks to slow the German advance. He also ensured that the sole supply road from Bar-le-Duc into Verdun remained open. It became known as the Voie Sacrée "Sacred Way" because it continued to carry vital supplies and reinforcements into the Verdun front despite constant artillery fire.
German gains continued in June, but slowly and only after increasingly heavy losses on their side. On 7 June, following almost a week of bitter resistance, Fort Vaux fell to the Germans after a murderous hand-to-hand fight inside the fort itself. On 23 June, the Germans reached what would become the furthest point of their advance. The line was just in front of Fort Souville, the last stronghold before Verdun itself. Pétain was making plans to evacuate the right bank of the Meuse when the combined Anglo-French offensive on the Somme River was launched on 1 July, partly to relieve pressure on the French, although the first day was the bloodiest in the British Army's history. The Germans could no longer afford to continue their offensive at Verdun when they were needed so desperately on the Somme. At a cost of some 400,000 German casualties and a similar number of French, the attack was finally called off. The estimated death toll on both sides were 143,000 dead Germans and 162,440 French soldiers. Germany's intention to bleed France to death had failed.
The battle continued, however, from October to the end of the year. French offensives, employing new tactics devised by General Robert Nivelle, regained the forts and territory they had lost earlier. This was the only gleam of hope in an otherwise abysmal landscape.
Overall, the battle lasted 11 months. Falkenhayn was replaced by Paul von Hindenburg as Chief of General Staff. General Nivelle was promoted over the head of General Pétain to replace Generalissimo Joseph Joffre as French supreme commander, although he was to hold the post for less than six months.
Population
Panoramic views
Cemetery and memorials
There are many French and German cemeteries throughout the battlefield. The largest is the French National Cemetery and Douaumont Ossuary near Fort Douaumont. Thirteen thousand crosses adorn the field in front of the ossuary, which holds roughly 130,000 unidentified remains brought in from the battlefield. Every year yields more remains, which are often placed inside the ossuary's vaults.
Among many revered memorials on the battlefield is the "Bayonet Trench", which marks the location where some dozen bayonets lined up in a row were discovered projecting out of the ground after the war; below each rifle was the body of a French soldier. It has been assumed that these belonged to a group of soldiers who had rested their rifles against the parapet of the trench they were occupying when they were killed during a bombardment, and the men were buried where they lay in the trench and the rifles left untouched. However, this is probably not historically accurate: experts agree that the bayonets were probably affixed to the rifles after the attack and installed by survivors to memorialize the spot.
Nearby, the World War I Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery and Memorial is located at Romagne-sous-Montfaucon to the northwest of Verdun. It is the final resting place for 14,246 American military dead, most of whom died in the Meuse-Argonne Offensive. The chapel contains a memorial to the 954 American missing whose remains were never recovered or identified.
On 12 September 1916 King George V awarded the Military Cross to the City of Verdun, one of only two awards of this British decoration to a municipality during World War I, the other being Ypres. On 5 October 1917, Bernardino Machado, President of the Portuguese Republic, awarded the City of Verdun the Order of the Tower and Sword, 1st Class (Grand Cross) for its "tenacious resistance, steadfastness in battle, and heroism of its garrison, having filled a brilliant position in the present war and gloriously proving the worth of a nation's valour and patriotism"; the investiture ceremony took place on 10 October 1917, during President Machado's visit to the Western Front.
Landmarks
The Châtel Gate is the only remaining part of the medieval city walls. It leads onto La Roche Square.
La Citadelle was built in the 17th century. It is still in military hands but the underlying tunnels can be visited.
Verdun Cathedral (Notre-Dame de Verdun) was consecrated in 1147 but was built on the site of an earlier church. The 12th-century Lion Door on the north side has a lavishly decorated tympanum. The whole building was heavily restored in the 18th century.
The Episcopal Palace was built in the 18th century by Robert de Cotte and has a fine façade. Part of the building is occupied by the World Peace Centre.
The Princerie Museum is located in the former residence of the Primicier (the highest-ranking public servant) of Verdun. It contains historic work of art from the region.
The "Subterrean Citadel" is situated at the entrance of Verdun. It holds of shafts that used to accommodate soldiers during the war.
The former Abbey of St Paul houses the palais de justice and the headquarters of the sub-prefecture of Meuse.
Notable people
Giovanni Veneroni (1642-1708), linguist
Danielle Mitterrand (1924-2011), First Lady
Mark Meadows (b. 1959), former United States Congressman from North Carolina, born in Verdun
Hervé Revelli (b. 1946), footballer, AS Saint-Étienne's top goalscorer
Isabelle Nanty (b.1962), actress, screen and theatre director, screenwriter
René Dufaure de Montmirail (1876-1917), founder of the football club Olympique de Marseille
Nicolas Psaume (1518-1575), a Prince-Bishop who implemented several reforms inspired by the Council of Trent, among them an institution providing education to orphans (1568), succeeded by a tuition-free secondary school (1570) which predated by 70 years the first seminary and was supported by a network of public primary schools, the University of Pont-à-Mousson (1575).
Jean-Nicolas Desandrouins (1729-1792), a general in the Royal Corps of Engineers, who served as a colonel during the Seven Years' War and the American War of Independence.
Nicholas of Verdun (1130-1205), one of the most famous goldsmiths of the Middle Ages
Philippe Bunau-Varilla (1859-1940), an engineer who improved the process of water chlorination, known in French as "verdunisation", during the 1916's Battle of Verdun.
See also
Séré de Rivières system
References
Further reading
External links
Official web site Verdun
Tourist Office of Verdun
The Battle of Verdun
La place forte de Verdun 1870–1918, well documented website on the extensive fortification system around Verdun
GPS-Teamproject "Verdun - Somme - 1916"
The subterranean citadel underneath Verdun
Communes of Meuse (department)
!Verdun
Recipients of the Order of Lāčplēsis, 3rd class
Subprefectures in France
States and territories disestablished in 1552
States and territories established in the 1370s
Recipients of the Military Cross
Recipients of the Order of the Tower and Sword
Meuse communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Vauban fortifications in France
Three Bishoprics
Januarius Jingwa (JJ) Asongu is an American philosopher, scholar, journalist, author, entrepreneur, and activist. Born in the small city of Lewoh, in the former British Southern Cameroons, Africa, he moved to the United States in the mid-1990s, where he is now a naturalized citizen.
In the United States, he continued as a human rights and political activist, while also engaged in academics. His academic career culminated in his becoming a professor of business and in 2012 he founded an American-style international university in Cameroon called Saint Monica University (SMU). With headquarters in the United States, SMU now has campuses in the Cameroons and upcoming campuses in Cambodia, Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria.
Birth and early life
Januarius Asongu was born into a middle-class family in West Cameroon (former British Cameroons) in 1970 as the first of seven children (four female and three male). His parents, Nicholas Jingwa and Monique Nkengbeza, were devout Catholic Christians. He became a leader of the Young Christian Students (YCS) in Kumbo Diocese, while in secondary and high school.
Education
Asongu went to secondary and high school at Government High School Kumbo (now Government Bilingual High School Kumbo) from 1982 to 1989. He then began his priestly formation at Bishop Rogan College, Soppo, Buea. His university education began at St. Thomas Aquinas Major Seminary, Bambui, an affiliated institute of the Pontifical Urbanian University, Rome, where he earned a Bachelor of Philosophy degree. After leaving the seminary, he embarked on an academic career abroad in the tradition of his mentor, the late Professor Bernard Fonlon, also an ex-seminarian and the first person from the Cameroons to earn a PhD. Asonge earned a certificate in journalism from the University of Lagos, Nigeria S(1995) and then a PhD in journalism in 1998 in the United States . He was the first person from the Cameroons to be awarded the Press Fellowship at Wolfson College, University of Cambridge by the Nuffield Foundation in the United Kingdom. In 2012, he earned a Master of Science degree in management of information technology from the University of Maryland University College, and in 2011 a PhD in business administration from Charisma University.
Brief work history
Asongu's first job was that of a teacher of English literature, history, and commerce at Bishop Rogan College, Buea (1989/90). In 1993/94, he worked as a seminarian on internship at St. John's Catholic Parish, Kumba, and St. Luke's Parish, Nyandong. After his journalism training, he worked as a reporter in the Cameroons, where he wrote for various newspapers and co-hosted Catholic programs on CRTV. His writings brought him into conflict with the administration and in 1997 he left the country for the United States. His first occupation in the US was journalism, where he worked at The Houston Chronicle as an Alfred Friendly Press Fellow. He was the first from the Cameroons to earn this fellowship from the Alfred Friendly Foundation He was awarded the Press Fellowship at Wolfson College, Cambridge. Upon his return to the US from the UK, he worked as reporter and editor for various newspapers and magazines and taught briefly at several high schools. In 1999, he transitioned into public relations where he worked for various agencies and international companies. Asongu has taught at a number of universities in the United States including Rockford University, Rockford, IL; Herzing University, Milwaukee, WI; Fort Hays State University, Hays, KS; Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, Rockford Campus; Franklin University, Columbus, OH. He has also started a number of small businesses in the United States and the Cameroons.
Public scholarship and activism
Asongu has spoken on controversial issues on many radio and TV stations in the Cameroons, and has written op-eds for American newspapers. He conducted a detailed study of the Anglophone problem (Cameroon), and wrote a thesis in 1993 on "The Problem of National Unity in Cameroon: A Politico-Philosophical Analysis." He was also a champion of Southern Cameroons independence for years before resigning from the leadership of the struggle in 2006. He has written on corporate social responsibility including "Innovation as an Argument for Corporate Social Responsibility, " and "Strategic Corporate Social Responsibility in Practice.
Founding of Saint Monica University
Asongu founded Saint Monica University (SMU), first as Professional Training Center (PTC), in 2009. PTC is now called Saint Monica Vocational Training Center and is located in Buea. In 2012, he incorporated SMU in the United States, but most of SMU's operations are in the Cameroons, where it operates ground campuses in the college-town of Buea (Saint Monica University Institute) as well as the commercial hub of Kumba (Institute of Professional Studies).
Boards
He has served on the boards of the National Association of African-American Studies (NAAAS) and Affiliates, and the Environment and Rural Development Foundation (ERUDEF).
Books
Strategic Corporate Social Responsibility in Practice. Lawrenceville, GA: Greenview Publishing Company, 2007,
Doing Business Abroad: A Handbook for Expatriates, (Co-authored with C'Lamt Ho and Marvee Marr). Lawrenceville, GA: Greenview Publishing Company, 2007,
The Iraq Quagmire: The Price of Imperial Arrogance, (Co-authored with Stephen Lendman). Lawrenceville, GA: Greenview Publishing Company, 2007,
War, Politics And Business: A Critique Of The Global War On Terror. American Star Books, Frederick, Maryland, 2007,
Technology in Education and Business: Myths, Issues, Ethics, and Money. Lawrenceville, GA: Greenview Publishing Company, 2007. Retrieved March 4, 2017, from https://books.google.com/books?isbn=0979797624
References
1970 births
Living people
Philosophers from Ohio
Philosophers from Illinois
Philosophers from Kansas
Educational administrators
Heads of universities in Cameroon
Fellows of Wolfson College, Cambridge
University of Maryland Global Campus alumni
Franklin University faculty
Fort Hays State University
Rockford University faculty
Southern Cameroons
British Cameroons
Cameroonian emigrants to the United States
Manuel Alejandro Pardo (born 9 September 1993) is an Italian motorcycle racer. In 2009 and 2010 he competed in the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Living people
1993 births
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Barcelona
Kevin Thomson (born 14 October 1984) is a Scottish professional football coach and former player.
Thomson played as a midfielder for Hibernian (three spells), Rangers, Middlesbrough and Dundee and represented Scotland.
Thomson began his career with Hibernian, before joining Rangers in 2007 for a £2m transfer fee. Thomson won five major trophies with Rangers, including consecutive Scottish Premier League championships in 2009 and 2010. Thomson was also part of the Rangers side which reached the 2008 UEFA Cup Final. Middlesbrough signed Thomson for a fee of £2m in July 2010, but released him in January 2013 after an injury-hit spell. Thomson then rejoined Hibernian in March 2013, but was released in May 2014 after the club was relegated. He then signed for Dundee, before joining Hibernian for a third time.
Thomson retired from playing in 2016. After a stint coaching Rangers youth teams, he managed Kelty Hearts for one season.
Early life
Thomson grew up in Peebles, in the Scottish Borders. His first club was Peebles Rovers, who play in the Eastern Region Youth League. He then moved on to play for Edinburgh youth side Hutchison Vale before being signed by Coventry City on a four-year contract, but suffered from homesickness and returned to Scotland with Hibernian.
Club career
Hibernian
Thomson joined Hibernian on 10 August 2001. He was one of a group of young players who came through their youth team during the early 2000s, also including Steven Whittaker, Derek Riordan, Scott Brown and Garry O'Connor. Thomson established himself as a regular in the Hibernian first team during the 2003–04 season and played in that season's Scottish League Cup final defeat by Livingston, but he suffered a serious cruciate ligament injury during a game against Partick Thistle near the end of that season. The injury meant that he was out of football for almost a year, and he consequently made only four league appearances in the 2004–05 season.
In the 2005–06 season Thomson made his comeback from his injury, establishing himself as one of Hibernian's most important players. He signed a long-term contract (until 2010) in March 2006. Thomson was appointed as club captain by Tony Mowbray after the previous captain Gary Caldwell left the club to join Celtic. Despite signing a long-term contract with Hibernian, it was still speculated that Thomson would soon leave Hibs. On 31 August 2006, Premier League club Bolton Wanderers made an offer that was rejected by Hibernian.
Speculation about Thomson's future increased after he (and Scott Brown) appointed Willie McKay as his agent. McKay demanded that Hibernian offer Brown and Thomson wages commensurate with the transfer fees Hibernian were demanding for the players. Hibernian would have needed to significantly break their pay scale to offer such wages. Hibernian refused to meet with McKay to discuss improved contracts, which resulted in Brown submitting a written transfer request.
On 20 December 2006, Charlton Athletic made a joint offer for Brown and Thomson, which was rejected by Hibernian. This sparked a further round of speculation, as Brown and Thomson demanded to know why they had not been informed of the offer before it was rejected. Thomson was stripped of the captaincy on 2 January 2007 and was replaced by Rob Jones. Thomson was told by manager John Collins to concentrate on his game because he believed that Thomson's performance levels had dropped since the transfer speculation began.
Rangers
Thomson signed for Walter Smith's Rangers for a fee of £2 million on 30 January 2007. Less than two months earlier, Smith had been critical of Thomson's behaviour, calling on him to show more "responsibility", although this was a month before Smith had been appointed as Rangers manager. Thomson made his Rangers debut on 11 February in a 3–1 victory over Kilmarnock, although he was substituted at half-time after suffering a hamstring injury.
Thomson established himself as a regular in the Rangers first team. He scored his first goal for Rangers in a victory against Celtic on 29 March 2008 and he played in the club's run to the 2008 UEFA Cup Final and winning the League Cup and Scottish Cup in his first full season.
Thomson scored his second goal of the 2008–09 season when he scored an equalising goal in injury time against Dundee United at Ibrox Stadium, on 4 November 2008. In the following league match against Kilmarnock at Rugby Park, a 4–0 victory for Rangers was overshadowed by Thomson suffering a serious knee injury. This injury ruled him out for the rest of the 2008–09 season. Thomson had surgery to save his career on 31 December 2008. The surgery was a success and Thomson hoped to be fit for the following season. On his return to the Rangers first team, Thomson was sent off in the 13th minute of a 2–1 win against Hearts.
Thomson was sent off in the 2010 League Cup Final in the second half for a poorly timed challenge, although Rangers won the match 1–0 despite Danny Wilson also being shown a red card. Thomson helped Rangers win their second title in a row in 2010.
Middlesbrough
Rangers accepted a £2m offer from Middlesbrough for Thomson in July 2010. Middlesbrough then confirmed that Thomson had passed a medical, despite the player having suffered two serious knee injuries earlier in his career, and completed his transfer. In his second league match for Middlesbrough, Thomson suffered a fractured fibula against Leicester City, which prevented him from playing for two months. Further injury problems meant that Thomson only played in 44 games during his first two seasons with Middlesbrough. His contract with Middlesbrough was cancelled on 31 January 2013 by mutual consent.
Later career
Thomson trained with Hibernian, one of his former clubs, in February 2013. A move appeared unlikely because Hibs had no spare budget to pay Thomson with, but he decided in March to forego any salary and signed with the club until the end of the 2012–13 season. Thomson made his second debut appearance for Hibs in a goalless draw against Hearts on 10 March. He agreed a new one-year contract with Hibs in July 2013. Thomson dropped out of the Hibs team after manager Pat Fenlon was replaced with Terry Butcher, and was made available for transfer in January 2014. Thomson was released by Hibs following their relegation to the Scottish Championship.
Thomson signed for newly promoted Scottish Premiership club Dundee in May 2014. Shortly after his arrival he was appointed club captain by manager Paul Hartley. On 15 January 2016, Thomson left the club by mutual consent having made 38 appearances over 18 months for The Dee.
On 22 January 2016, Thomson joined Hibernian for a third time, on a deal until the end of the 2015–16 season. He combined his playing duties with coaching the development squads under Eddie May and started the Scottish League Cup Final, which Hibs lost 2–1 to Ross County.
After just six months back at Easter Road, Thomson signed for Tranent Juniors in June 2016, agreeing a two-year deal with the SJFA East Premier League side. In August 2016, he left Tranent with the club saying he couldn't combine playing for them with his media commitments.
International career
Thomson made his debut for Scotland in a goalless draw versus Northern Ireland on 20 August 2008. After a three-year absence, Thomson was recalled to the national squad in September 2013.
Coaching
Thomson worked with former club Rangers as a youth coach before being appointed as manager of Kelty Hearts on 28 May 2021, replacing former team-mate Barry Ferguson, who left Kelty to become manager of Alloa Athletic. Thomson guided Kelty to the 2021–22 Scottish League Two championship, before he resigned on 31 May 2022.
Career statistics
A. Includes UEFA Intertoto Cup, UEFA Cup, Champions League, Europa League and Scottish Premiership play-offs.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Player
Rangers
Scottish Premier League: 2008–09, 2009–10
Scottish Cup: 2007–08
Scottish League Cup: 2007–08, 2009–10
Individual
SPL Young Player of the Month: September 2005
Manager
Kelty Hearts
Scottish League Two: 2021–22
Individual
SPFL League Two Managers of the Month: August 2021; November 2021; March 2022
Notes
References
External links
Scotland U21 stats at Fitbastats
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Edinburgh
People from Peebles
Scottish footballers
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scotland B international footballers
Scotland international footballers
Association football midfielders
Coventry City F.C. players
Hibernian F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Middlesbrough F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
English Football League players
Sportspeople from the Scottish Borders
Lothian Thistle Hutchison Vale F.C. players
Dundee F.C. players
Tranent Juniors F.C. players
Rangers F.C. non-playing staff
Scottish football managers
Scottish Professional Football League managers
Kelty Hearts F.C. managers
Jonas Greger Walnum (20 August 1771 – 10 March 1838) was a Norwegian property owner and politician.
Walnum was born at Steigen in Nordland, Norway. He was the son of Ole Henriksen Walnum (1740-1773) and Else Marie Greger (1746-1812). He inherited property known as Walnumgodset from his father. He resided in the town Sandnessjøen on the island of Alsta where he was an innkeeper and trader.
He married Else Maria Meyer Hersleb (1771-1838), widow of Tøger Pedersen Bech, who was the oldest sister of theologian Svend Borchmann Hersleb. In 1801, Walnum acquired the estate of his father-in-law, Jørgen Sverdrup Hersleb, and settled as proprietary of Nord-Herøy, the largest island in Herøy. He and his wife were the parents of fifteen children. including two sons who became priests with the Church of Norway. Their eldest son, Jørgen Olaus Hersleb Walnum (1799-1888), became the local chaplain and later took over the family estate on Nord-Herøy.
Jonas Walnum was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1824, representing the constituency of Nordlands Amt. He served only one term.
References
1771 births
1838 deaths
Members of the Storting
Nordland politicians
Jules Moch (August 14, 1829 at Sarrelouis – August 8, 1881 in Paris) was a French officer. He was a colonel of the 130th. Regiment of Infantry.
On the completion of his classical studies at the lycée of Metz, he then entered the military school of Saint-Cyr in 1849, and was appointed sublieutenant of infantry in 1851.
From 1855-56, Moch took part in the campaigns in the Crimea and from 1860-61 in Syria, as well as the occupation of Rome between 1867-67. In the Franco-Prussian War, 1870-71 he was given command of the 3rd. Regiment battalion, for which he had the mournful distinction of firing the last shots of the war, and took an honorable part of in his capture and escape during the battle of Sedan in September 1870
During the interval between the Crimean and Syrian campaigns, he was tutor-instructor at the school of Saint-Cyr. Later he would return as an examiner.
After the conclusion of the Franco-Prussian War, he would have published in various military journals a number of articles on the reorganization of the army. He was one of the co-founders and vice-president of the assembly of officers (known as the "Military Club"), many of French Jewish origin rising through the ranks of the French Army.
He was also the Father of French military officer, Gaston Moch and Grandfather of French statesman, Jules S. Moch.
Source of Information
The Jewish Encyclopedia
Bibliography: Gaston Moch, Sedan
les Demiers Coups de Feu. Paris. 1885
Zadoc Kahn, Souvenirs et Regrets, pp. 121–125, Paris, 1898
1829 births
1881 deaths
19th-century French Jews
French Army officers
French military personnel of the Crimean War
French military personnel of the Franco-Prussian War
People from Saarlouis
Inkerman Barracks was a military establishment on Raglan Terrace, Knaphill, Surrey, England.
History
The facilities on the 65-acre site were originally constructed in 1869 as a prison for disabled convicts known as the Woking Convict Invalid Prison. The prison had 613 inmates, both male and female, by 1870. The buildings were converted into barracks capable of accommodating two infantry battalions in 1892 and initially became the home of the 2nd Battalion, the Royal West Surrey Regiment. The barracks were named after the Battle of Inkerman, a conflict during the Crimean War.
The Royal Military Police, who had previously been based at a hutted camp at Mytchett, made it their depot in 1947. It remained the location for all military police training until a new depot was established at Roussillon Barracks in Chichester in 1964. After the barracks closed in 1970, the site was sold to the local council and developed for residential use.
References
1869 establishments in England
1970 disestablishments in England
Government buildings completed in 1869
Military installations established in 1869
Military installations closed in 1970
Barracks in England
Former buildings and structures in England
Buildings and structures in Surrey
Woking
The Estadio General José Antonio Páez is a sports infrastructure stadium in Acarígua, Venezuela. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Portuguesa Fútbol Club the building was built in that place by the booming development of this locality llanera; owes its name to the recognized hero of Venezuelan independence and the first president of Venezuela, Jose Antonio Páez. It is the headquarters of the Portuguese Football Club, currently located in the First Division of Venezuela. Its facilities can hold approximately 18 thousand spectators; in 2007 underwent considerable improvements to be used in the National Plains Sports Games 2007 and was inaugurated in 1973.
The installation was submitted to a new stage of total recovery that consists of 3 stages: the first one was delivered on September 23, 2011, where the total recovery of the engraving, the baths of the popular tribunes were carried out, the construction of a gym for the players, bathrooms showers and dressing rooms for said gymnasium, construction of a transmission house, waterproofed and painted of all the tribunes.
References
General
Sport in Portuguesa (state)
Buildings and structures in Portuguesa (state)
Buildings and structures in Acarigua
Athletics (track and field) venues in Venezuela
Jeffrey Shuren is the Director of the Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) at the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as of September 2009. According to Shuren,
Our center experts and programs help get safe and effective technology to patients and health care professionals on a daily basis. Rapid technological advances enable us to approve such innovations as a diagnostic test for the H1N1 influenza virus, an expandable prosthetic rib for children with abnormal growth conditions, and a test that can help detect ovarian cancer.
Shuren was responsible for the development of Medicare national coverage determinations for drugs, biologics, and non-implantable devices, while director of the Division of Items and Devices, Coverage and Analysis Group at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
Education
B.S. in Medical Education, Northwestern University
M.D. in Medical Education, Northwestern University
Residency: Neurology, Tufts UniversitySchool of Medicine
Fellowship: University of Florida College of Medicine, Behavioral Neurology and Clinical Neuropsychology
J.D., University of Michigan
References
Living people
American neurologists
Directors of government agencies
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Food and Drug Administration people
American healthcare managers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The drop arm test is designed to determine a patient's ability to sustain humeral joint motion through eccentric contraction as the arm is taken through the full motion of abduction to adduction. It will determine if the patient has an underlying rotator cuff dysfunction.
Procedure
The patient is asked to either sit on an examination table or stand while performing this test. Examiner should be standing on the patient's lateral side or behind the arm being evaluated. Examiner will passively abduct the patient's shoulder (humerus) to 90 degrees. The patient is then asked to slowly lower or adduct the shoulder to their side. If the patient is unable to perform this motion, the examiner can hold the humerus at 90 degrees of abduction and apply slight pressure to the distal forearm. If the patient's arm falls to their side, this also indicates a rotator cuff dysfunction. Inability to controllably lower the arm can indicate a rotator cuff dysfunction, most commonly the supraspinatus.
Mechanism
The drop arm test works by subluxing the humeral head looking for a tear or weakness in the supraspinatous tendon.
Results
A positive test is found if the patient cannot perform this motion of adducting the arm back to the body controllably or if the patient experiences pain while performing this test.
References
Medical tests
Noora Tulus (born 15 August 1995) is a Finnish ice hockey player and member of the Finnish national team, currently playing in the Swedish Women's Hockey League (SDHL) with Luleå HF/MSSK.
Playing career
She left Finland to join Luleå HF/MSSK just before their playoff run in the 2015-16 Riksserien season. After scoring eight points in the five remaining regular season games, she added another six points in seven playoff games as Luleå won their first Riksserien championship. After the end of the season, she decided to stay in Luleå and signed an extension with the club.
She scored the game-winning goal in the 2018 Champions Cup, held between Luleå and the NWHL's Isobel Cup champions, the Metropolitan Riveters.
She scored 24 points in 22 games in the 2019-20 season, missing several weeks due to a foot injury, as Luleå returned to the championship finals for the third year in a row before the season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Sweden.
In November 2020, Tulus with four other Finnish national teams and Luleå teammate were forced to miss several SDHL games while being quarantined under Finnish law after a national team camp where a player tested positive for COVID-19.
International career
She made her IIHF World Championship debut at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship, not picking up any points in five games. She represented Finland at the 2016 IIHF Women's World Championship and 2017 IIHF Women's World Championship. She scored six points in seven games at the 2019 IIHF Women's World Championship, including two assists at the Miracle in Espoo, as Finland won their first-ever silver medal.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Vantaa
Luleå HF/MSSK players
The 2022 Club de Foot Montréal season is the club's 29th season of existence, and their 11th in Major League Soccer, the top tier of the American soccer pyramid.
In addition to competing in the MLS, the Club will also work to defend their Canadian Championship title from 2021 as well as competing in the 2022 CONCACAF Champions League.
Current squad
Source, As of September 6, 2022:
International roster slots
Montreal currently has six MLS International Roster Slots for use in the 2022 season. Montreal has eight slots allotted from the league and sold one to Orlando City SC and one to LAFC. In addition, starting in 2022, CF Montreal are allowed to make three international players exempt from status if they have been on the roster for more than one year.
Management
Owner — Joey Saputo
Sporting director — Olivier Renard
Global sporting director — Walter Sabatini
Assistant sporting director — Vassili Cremanzidis
Director of academy — Patrick Leduc
Coaching staff
Wilfried Nancy – head coach
Kwame Ampadu – assistant coach
Laurent Ciman – assistant coach
Francesco Morara – assistant coach
Romuald Peiser – goalkeeping coach
Jules Gueguen – fitness coach
Maxime Chalier - video analyst
Player movement
In
Per Major League Soccer and club policies terms of the deals do not get disclosed.
Out
Loans in
Loans out
Draft picks
International caps
Players called for senior international duty during the 2021 season while under contract with the CF Montréal.
Friendlies
Review
Pre-Season
Unless otherwise noted, all times in EST
Major League Soccer
Results
Tables
Eastern Conference
Overall
Results summary
Matches
Unless otherwise noted, all times in Eastern Time
Canadian Championship
Bracket
The draw for the Canadian Championship was streamed live on OneSoccer on March 9, 2022.
Canadian Championship results
Quarter-Final
Semi-Final
CONCACAF Champions League
Bracket
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Statistics
Appearances, Minutes Played, and Goals Scored
Top scorers
{| class="wikitable sortable alternance" style="font-size:85%; text-align:center; line-height:14px; width:85%;"
|-
!width=10|Rank
!width=10|Nat.
! scope="col" style="width:275px;"|Player
!width=10|Pos.
!width=80|MLS
!width=80|Canadian Championship
!width=80|Champions League
!width=80|MLS Cup Playoffs
!width=80|TOTAL
|-
|1|| || Romell Quioto || FW ||15|| || 1|| ||16
|-
|2|| || Djordje Mihailovic || MF ||8 || || 1|| ||9
|-
|3|| || Kei Kamara || FW ||8 || || || ||8
|-
|4|| || Zachary Brault-Guillard || DF ||4 || || || ||4
|-
|4|| || Alistair Johnston || DF ||4 || || || ||4
|-
|6|| || Joaquín Torres || FW ||3 || || || ||3
|-
|6|| || Sunusi Ibrahim || FW || ||3|| || ||3
|-
|6|| || Joel Waterman || DF ||3 || || || ||3
|-
|6|| || Ismaël Koné|| MF ||2 || || 1|| ||3
|-
|10|| || Rudy Camacho || DF ||1 || || 1|| ||2
|-
|10|| || Mathieu Choinière || MF ||2 || || || ||2
|-
|10|| || Mason Toye || MF ||2 || || || ||2
|-
|10|| || Lassi Lappalainen || FW ||2 || || || ||2
|-
|10|| || Kamal Miller || DF ||2 || || || ||2
|-
|15|| || Matko Miljevic || MF ||1 || || || ||1
|-
|15|| || Victor Wanyama || MF ||1 || || || ||1
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
| colspan="4"|Totals|| 58 || 3 ||4 ||0||65
Italic: denotes player left the club during the season.
Top Assists
{| class="wikitable sortable alternance" style="font-size:85%; text-align:center; line-height:14px; width:85%;"
|-
!width=10|Rank
!width=10|Nat.
! scope="col" style="width:275px;"|Player
!width=10|Pos.
!width=80|MLS
!width=80|Canadian Championship
!width=80|Champions League
!width=80|MLS Cup Playoffs
!width=80|TOTAL
|-
|1|| || Kei Kamara || FW ||7 ||1|| || ||8
|-
|2|| || Joaquín Torres || FW ||7 || ||1|| ||8
|-
|2|| || Lassi Lappalainen || FW ||7 || || || ||7
|-
|2|| || Romell Quioto || FW ||6 || ||1|| ||7
|-
|5|| || Djordje Mihailovic || MF ||5 || ||1|| ||6
|-
|6|| || Alistair Johnston || DF ||5 || || || ||5
|-
|7|| || Samuel Piette || MF ||3 || ||1|| ||4
|-
|7|| || Victor Wanyama || MF ||4 || || || ||4
|-
|7|| || Joel Waterman || DF ||4 || || || ||4
|-
|7|| || Matko Miljevic || FW ||1 ||3|| || ||4
|-
|7|| || Ismaël Koné || MF ||4 || || || ||4
|-
|12|| || Kamal Miller || DF ||3 || || || ||3
|-
|12|| || Zachary Brault-Guillard || DF ||3 || || || ||3
|-
|14|| || Mathieu Choinière || MF ||1 || ||1|| ||2
|-
|15|| || Sunusi Ibrahim || FW ||1 || || || ||1
|-
|15|| || Jojea Kwizera || FW ||1 || || || ||1
|-
|15|| || Ahmed Hamdy || MF ||1 || || || ||1
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
| colspan="4"|Totals|| 62 || 4 ||4 ||0||70
Italic: denotes player left the club during the season.
Goals Against Average
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size: 95%; text-align: center;"
|-
! rowspan="2" style="width:1%"|No.
! rowspan="2" style="width:90px"|Nat.
! rowspan="2" style="width:25%"|Player
! colspan="3" |Total
! colspan="3" |Major League Soccer
! colspan="3" |Canadian Championship
! colspan="3" |CONCACAF Champions League
|-
!MIN!!GA!!GAA!! MIN!!GA!!GAA!! MIN!!GA!!GAA!! MIN!!GA!!GAA
|-
| 1
|
| style="text-align: left;" |Sebastian Breza
|2430
|41
|1.52
|2070
|38
|1.65
|0
|0
|0.00
|360
|3
|0.75
|-
| 25
|
| style="text-align: left;" |Logan Ketterer
|0
|0
|0.00
|0
|0
|0.00
|0
|0
|0.00
|0
|0
|0.00
|-
|41
|
| style="text-align: left;" |James Pantemis
|990
|15
|1.36
|810
|11
|1.22
|180
|4
|2.00
|0
|0
|0.00
Italic: denotes player left the club during the season.
Clean sheets
{| class="wikitable sortable alternance" style="font-size:85%; text-align:center; line-height:14px; width:85%;"
|-
!width=10|No.
!width=10|Nat.
! scope="col" style="width:225px;"|Player
!width=80|MLS
!width=80|Canadian Championship
!width=80|CONCACAF Champions League
!width=80|TOTAL
|-
|1|| || Sebastian Breza ||3 || || 1||4
|-
|25|| || Logan Ketterer || || || ||
|-
|41|| || James Pantemis ||3 || 1 || ||4
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
| colspan="3"|Totals|| 6 || 1 || 1 || 8
Italic: denotes player left the club during the season.
Top minutes played
{| class="wikitable sortable alternance" style="font-size:85%; text-align:center; line-height:14px; width:80%;"
|-
!width=10|No.
!width=10|Nat.
!scope="col" style="width:275px;"|Player
!width=10|Pos.
!width=80|MLS
!width=80|Canadian Championship
!width=80|CONCACAF Champions League
!width=80|TOTAL
|-
|16|| || Joel Waterman || DF ||2493 ||90|| 244|| 2827
|-
|22 || || Alistair Johnston || DF ||2537 ||90|| 195|| 2822
|-
|2 || || Victor Wanyama || MF ||2456 || || 360|| 2816
|-
|4 || || |Rudy Camacho || DF ||2390 ||90|| 238|| 2718
|-
|3|| || Kamal Miller || DF ||2341 || || 212|| 2643
|-
|1|| || Sebastian Breza || GK ||2070 || || 360|| 2430
|-
|30|| || Romell Quioto || FW ||2073 ||76|| 255|| 2404
|-
|8 || || Djordje Mihailovic || MF ||1935 || || 357|| 2283
|-
|21|| || Lassi Lappalainen || FW ||1862 || || 296|| 2158
|-
|28|| || Ismaël Koné || MF ||1413 ||90|| 236|| 1739
|-
Italic: denotes player left the club during the season.
Yellow and red cards
Recognition
MLS All-Star
MLS Player of the Week
MLS team of the Week
Concacaf WCQ Matchday Best XI
Concacaf Champions League Matchday Best XI
Notes
References
CF Montréal seasons
Montreal Impact
Montreal Impact
Montreal Impact
Montreal
Bellis Marina Hedman, also known as Marina Frajese, Marina Lotar and Marina Lothar (born 29 September 1944 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a retired Swedish pornographic and mainstream actress.
Life and career
Hedman, who had been a well-known model, arrived in Italy as wife of an Italian journalist, Paolo Frajese, who in 1965 had gone to Sweden for a number of television reports. In 1976 she made her film debut with a small uncredited role in Lucio Fulci's sex comedy La pretora (My Sister In Law), starring Edwige Fenech. Later in 1976, she played a minor role in Emanuelle in America, appearing in her first hardcore scene. Then Hedman also appeared in the RAI show Carosello and posed for the Italian issue of Playboy Magazine. In 1979 she played a major role in Joe D'Amato's Immagini di un convento ("Images in a Convent"), an adaptation of La Religieuse.
Throughout the late 1970s and early 1980s, Hedman had supporting roles in mainstream films such as Primo Amore (1978) for Dino Risi and La città delle donne (City of Women) (1980) for Federico Fellini, as well as leading roles in pornographic cinema, in which she was considered one of the first Italian divas. 1984 and 1985 were prolific years for her, playing in films named after her, such as Marina e la sua bestia (Marina and her beast). She also played opposite John Holmes in the film The Devil in Mr. Holmes (1987). She appeared in her last film in the early 90s.
Filmography
La pretora (a.k.a. My Sister In Law, 1976)
Il ginecologo della mutua (a.k.a. Ladies' Doctor, 1977)
Un brivido di piacere (1978)
Follie di notte (a.k.a. Crazy Nights, 1978)
Le notti porno nel mondo n. 2 (a.k.a. Scandinavian Erotica, 1978)
Primo amore (a.k.a. First Love, 1978)
Come perdere una moglie...e trovare un'amante (a.k.a. How to Lose a Wife and Find a Lover, 1978)
La bestia nello spazio (a.k.a. The Beast in Space, 1978)
Le mani di una donna sola (1979)
Gegè Bellavita (1979)
Il mondo porno di due sorelle (a.k.a. Emanuelle and Joanna, 1979)
Libidine (1979)
Play Motel (1979)
Quello strano desiderio (1979)
La città delle donne (a.k.a. City of Women, 1980)
Febbre a 40! (a.k.a. Happy Birthday, Harry, 1980)
Una moglie, due amici, quattro amanti (a.k.a. Do It With the Pamango, 1980)
Delitto a Porta Romana (a.k.a. Crime at Porta Romana, 1980)
La compagna di viaggio (1980)
Delitto sull'autostrada (1982)
Satan's Baby Doll (1982)
Fantozzi subisce ancora (1983)
Delitto al Blue Gay (a.k.a. Cop in Drag, 1984)
Appuntamento in nero (a.k.a. Scandal in Black, 1990)
Filmography (pornographic roles)
Emanuelle in America (1976)
Cameriera senza... malizia (1979)
La Zia Svedese (1980)
Albergo a ore (1981)
Carnalitá morbosa (1981)
Erotic Flash (1981)
Lea (1981)
Sesso allegro (1981)
Attenti a quelle due... ninfomani (1981)
Chiamate: 6969 taxi per signora (1981)
L'Aristocratica perversa (1982)
Giselas Liebesabenteuer in Rom (1982)
Orgasmo esotico (1982)
Orgasmo Non Stop (1982)
Sueca bisexual necesita semental (a.k.a. I Vizi della signora, 1992)
L'Amica di Sonia (1983)
La Casa delle hostess (1983)
Deborah la bambola bionda (1984)
L'Amante bisex (1984)
Fashion Love (1984)
Jojami (1984)
Wendee (1984)
Pin Pon (1984)
Apprendiste viziose (1985)
La Bionda e la bestia (1985)
Marina vedova viziosa (1985)
Una Novizia nel porno-harem (1985)
Colossale débauche pour une femme frigide (1985)
Adolescentes pour satyres (1986)
Bas noirs et cuirs vernis (1986)
L'Amore e la bestia (1986)
La Sfida erotica (1986)
Miele Selvaggio (1986)
Poker di donne (1987)
Slip caldo e bagnato (1987)
Un bestiale triangolo erotico (1987)
Bocca bianca, bocca nera (1987)
Il Vizio nel ventre (1987)
Osceno (1987)
Baby lady, la provocazione carnale (1987)
Un Bestiale... triangolo erotico (1987)
Donna, un brivido di piacere (1987)
Le Belve del sesso (1987)
Un Desiderio bestiale (1987)
The Devil in Mr. Holmes (1987)
La Bottega del piacere (1988)
Calda pioggia di sesso (1989)
Avidità orale (1990)
Baby nata per godere ovvero la figlia libidinosa (1991)
Finalmente Marina (1991)
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Italian pornographic film actresses
Swedish pornographic film actresses
Swedish female models
Italian people of Swedish descent
People from Gothenburg
Swedish film actresses
Duospina abolitor is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It was described by Ronald W. Hodges in 1966. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona.
References
Batrachedridae
Moths described in 1966
The French tariff of 1887 was a protectionist law passed by the National Assembly of the French Third Republic that imposed tariffs. It became law on 29 March 1885.
The 1885 tariff had increased the wheat duty to 3 francs per 100kg. The farmers had requested a duty of 5 francs and as soon as the 1885 law was passed they agitated for an increase. They claimed that home-grown produce could not cover its costs at the current price.
Rates
The duty on wheat was increased to 5 francs per 100kg; on oats to 3 francs; on flour to 8 francs; on beef and pork 12 francs, on bullocks 38 francs per head, on cows 20 francs per head. The duties on barley, butter, cheese, eggs, pigs and wine remained unchanged from 1885.
Notes
References
Percy Ashley, Modern Tariff History: Germany–United States–France (New York: Howard Fertig, 1970).
Paul Bairoch, 'European trade policy, 1815-1914', in Peter Mathias and Sidney Pollard (eds.), The Cambridge Economic History of Europe, Volume VIII: The Industrial Economies: The Development of Economic and Social Policies (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1989), pp. 1-160.
Michael Tracy, Government and Agriculture in Western Europe, 1880–1988 (London: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1989).
1887 in France
Economic history of France
Brestskiy Kurier (, translated as Brest Courier) is a weekly Belarusian newspaper founded in 1913 under the name Brest-Litovskiy Kurier, and re-founded in 1990 as Brestskiy Kurier. The paper is distributed in Brest and Brest Region.
History
Brestskiy Kurier dates back to 1906 when it was distributed under the name Brest-Litovskiy Kurier. In this form the paper had existed until 1915 when Brest-Litovsk was occupied by the German troops during the World War I. Brest-Litovskiy Kurier was being issued daily, twice: in the morning and in the evening. Notably, such high circulation was achieved in a city with the population of 50 thousand.
The first issue of the reestablished Brestskiy Kurier came out in June 1990 and was printed in Vilnius.
In 1999 the newspaper received an award in the category The Young Press of Eastern Europe by the ZEIT-Stiftung foundation.
Format
Brestskiy Kurier comes out weekly on Wednesdays. It is usually 32 pages long.
Content
Brestskiy Kurier covers all the main regional events and publishes the news, editorials, investigative reporting, analytical reviews, letters to the editor, as well as sections on culture, sports and crime.
References
This article incorporates information from the equivalent article on the Russian Wikipedia (version of April 2012).
Literature
External links
Official website
Weekly newspapers
Russian-language newspapers published in Belarus
Mass media in Brest, Belarus
Free Media Awards winners
The 1980 Major League Baseball strike occurred from April 1 to April 8. The strike caused the final eight days of spring training to be canceled, but did not impact the regular season schedule.
See also
1980 Major League Baseball season
References
Further reading
Major League Baseball strike, 1980
strike
Major League Baseball labor disputes
The 1995–96 NBA season was the Clippers' 26th season in the National Basketball Association, and their 2nd second in Anaheim. After finishing the previous season with the worst record, the Clippers received the second overall pick in the 1995 NBA draft, and selected Antonio McDyess from the University of Alabama, but soon traded him to the Denver Nuggets in exchange for Brian Williams, Rodney Rogers and top draft pick Brent Barry. With the continued development of Loy Vaught, the Clippers showed some improvement with a 7–5 start to the season, but then suffered a nine-game losing streak afterwards between November and December. The team would again lose nine straight games between January and February, as they played without Williams, Rogers, Pooh Richardson, Malik Sealy and Stanley Roberts for long stretches during the season due to injuries. The Clippers lost their final four games, and finished last place in the Pacific Division again with a 29–53 record.
Vaught led the team with 16.2 points and 10.1 rebounds per game, while Williams showed improvement averaging 15.8 points and 7.6 rebounds per game, and sixth man Terry Dehere provided scoring off the bench, averaging 12.4 points and 4.3 assists per game. In addition, Richardson averaged 11.7 points and 5.4 assists per game, while Rogers provided the team with 11.6 points per game, Sealy contributed 11.5 points per game, Barry provided with 10.1 points per game, and was selected to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team, and second-year forward Lamond Murray contributed 8.4 points per game. Barry also won the Slam Dunk Contest during the All-Star Weekend in San Antonio.
Following the season, Williams was released to free agency after playing just one season with the Clippers, due to the team not being able to agree to his high demanded asking price of a $101 million seven-year contract from the team, who offered him $12 million for three years.
Draft picks
Roster
Roster Notes
Forward/center Antonio Harvey became the 6th former Laker to play with the crosstown rival Clippers.
Regular season
Season standings
z - clinched division title
y - clinched division title
x - clinched playoff spot
Record vs. opponents
Game log
Player statistics
Player Statistics Citation:
Awards, records and milestones
Awards
Forward/guard Brent Barry won the NBA Slam Dunk Contest. He is the first Clipper to participate in and win the contest.
Week/Month
All-Star
Aside from NBA Slam Dunk Contest, Brent Barry also played in The Rookie Game on the Western Conference Rookies team during NBA All Star Weekend.
Season
Records
Milestones
Brent Barry is the only caucasian to win the NBA Slam Dunk Contest.
Transactions
The Clippers have been involved in the following transactions during the 1995-96 season.
Re-signed
Trades
Free Agents
Additions
Subtractions
Player Transactions Citation:
See also
1995-96 NBA season
References
Los Angeles Clippers seasons
OneClimate is a nonprofit internet climate news, social activism and social networking site. It received international media attention during the 2007 United Nations Climate Change Conference for its 'Virtual Bali' initiative, and also during the COP15 event in Copenhagen.
OneClimate was jointly founded by Anuradha Vittachi and Peter Armstrong, who were the co-founders of OneWorld.net.
In December 2007, Ed Markey became the first US politician to utilize the medium of Second Life, through which he addressed the delegates of the UNFCCC in Bali as part of OneClimate's Virtual Bali event. It was estimated that the carbon dioxide saved in not flying Rep. Markey to Bali was around 5.5 tons.
The following year OneClimate ran Virtual Poznań in Poland for COP14. Notable speakers included Executive Secretary of the UNFCCC Yvo de Boer and The Age of Stupid Director, Franny Armstrong. The event was broadcast each evening on the OneClimate website as well as in Second Life.
In May 2010, The Guardian also named OneClimate as one of the 50 key people to follow-on Twitter.
See also
World People's Conference on Climate Change
References
External links
Environmental organisations based in London
International climate change organizations
The mallee emu-wren (Stipiturus mallee) is a species of bird in the Australasian wren family, Maluridae. It is endemic to Australia.
Its natural habitat is temperate grassland. It is threatened because of habitat loss.
Taxonomy and systematics
The mallee emu-wren is one of three species of the genus Stipiturus, commonly known as emu-wrens. Within the genus, the mallee emu-wren and the rufous crowned emu-wren are sister species.
It was first described in 1908 by Archibald James Campbell on the basis of a male specimen sent to him by C.H. McLennan from the Mallee district. Campbell thought that it was an intermediate form between the southern and rufous-crowned emu-wren and described as Stipiturus mallee. It was later treated as a subspecies of both the southern and rufous-crowned emu-wren, and as a separate species, though biochemical data supports its placement as a separate species.
The species is monotypic, with no recognised subspecies.
The common name of the genus is derived from the resemblance of their tails to the feathers of an emu. The scientific name of the genus comes from the Latin stipitus (stem) and Greek oura (tail), while the specific epithet comes from the aboriginal name for a type of eucalyptus scrub.
Description
The mallee emu-wren is an average from head to tail. The adult male mallee emu-wren has olive-brown upperparts with dark streaks, and a pale rufous unstreaked crown, and grey-brown wings. It has a sky blue throat, upper chest, lores, and ear coverts. The lores and ear coverts are streaked with black, and there is white streaking under the eye. Though still long, the tail is not as long as in other emu-wrens, and is composed of six filamentous feathers, the central two of which are longer than the lateral ones. The underparts are pale brown. The bill is black, and the feet and eyes are brown. The female resembles the male but lacks blue plumage. Its crown is paler red and it has white lores. Its bill is dark brown. The mallee emu-wren moults yearly after breeding, and birds have only the one plumage. The most recognizable and identifiable feature is the six emu-like feathers on its tail. This feature is highly distinguishable from other species found in its home range.
Distribution and habitat
The mallee emu-wren is restricted to open mallee woodland with spinifex understory in north-western Victoria and south-eastern South Australia. This region is rich in Triodia or as it is commonly known spinifex. The spinifex grass often grows to in height and provides the optimal habitat for the mallee emu-wren. Formerly classified as a vulnerable species by the IUCN, recent research shows that its numbers are decreasing more and more rapidly. It is consequently uplisted to endangered status in 2008. The mallee emu-wren is listed as nationally endangered under the Australian Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. The current estimated total population size is approximately 4,000 birds. Although this species is widely dispersed throughout the Murray Sunset Reserve its home ranges are patchy throughout the reserve. Recent studies have concluded that the species is more widespread than previously thought. However, the species is much rarer in the southern regions of the preserve. Their dispersion is heavily connected to the prevalence of hummocks formed by grass like plants of the genus Triodia. This biotic factor is of the most influence in the dispersion of mallee emu-wren.
Behaviour and ecology
Like all emu-wrens, the mallee emu-wren is difficult to observe in clumps of spinifex. The mallee emu-wren is not a proficient flier. The mallee emu-wren's diet consists mainly of insects including beetles, seeds, and some vegetation.
Breeding
Breeding is little known, but has been recorded between September and November. The nest is a dome shaped structure built of grasses generally located deep within a clump of spinifex. Two or three oval eggs are laid which measure by . They are white with reddish-brown freckles, more concentrated over the larger end.
Threats
Too frequent burning
The vegetation varies in composition from year to year post controlled burn. As the vegetation reaches 30 years from the last burn it is no longer suitable for the mallee emu-wren. The strongest population numbers occur in regions that are less than 16 years old since their last burn. Although the periodic burning is good for the mallee emu-wren the frequent wildfires or excessive controlled burns are detrimental.
Climate fluctuations
The two main climate aspects that relate to the mallee emu-wren's mating success are temperature and rainfall. The current analysis of bioclimatic data supports the theory that a in the average temperature would result in a greater than 90% contraction of the mallee emu-wren's population dispersion. This poses a major issue for the survival of the mallee emu-wren because current data shows that since 1997 the Murray Region has had consecutive annual average temperatures that exceed the statistical average yearly temperatures.
Land uses
The current clearing and burning of land creates isolated ecological regions. This isolation of the populations has been detrimental the total population size. Agricultural uses that include grazing animals have decreased the density of grasses in the region. This clearing of the vegetation covering has been detrimental to the mallee emu-wren's habitat. The low lying grass provides the mallee emu-wren with its habitat and food sources.
Conservation
Surveys have been conducted at Billiatt Conservation Park and Ngarkat Conservation Park in South Australia (Clarke 2004; Gates 2003), and at Murray-Sunset National Park, Big Desert Wilderness Park, Big Desert State Forest, Wyperfeld National Park, Wathe Flora and Fauna Reserve and Bronzewing Flora and Fauna Reserve (Clarke 2007), and around Nowingi (Smales et al. 2005), in Victoria.
The conservation status of the species has been re-assessed (Mustoe 2006). The habitat of the species has been modeled (Clarke 2005a). Information on the role and impact of fire in habitats occupied by mallee emu-wren has been summarised (Silveira 1993). A national recovery plan (Baker-Gabb in prep.) is being prepared, and a regional recovery plan is already in place (Clarke 2005; SA DEH 2006). An updated Flora and Fauna Guarantee Action Statement have been drafted for the species in Victoria (DSE 2007).
Bushfires in the Ngarkat Conservation Park in 2014 rendered the mallee emu-wren "functionally extinct" in South Australia, but initial reintroductions of captive-bred birds from Victoria have shown signs of success.
References
Cited text
P.J. Higgins, J.M. Peter and W.K. Steele, Editors, Handbook of Australian, New Zealand and Antarctic Birds vol. 5, Oxford University Press, Melbourne (2001).
H.R. Pulliam and B.J. Danielson, Sources, sinks and habitat selection: a landscape perspective on population dynamics, The American Naturalist 137 (1991), pp. S50–S66.
R. Schodde, The bird fauna of the mallee – its biogeography and future. In: J.C. Noble, P.J. Joss and G.K. Jones, Editors, The Mallee Lands. A Conservation Perspective, CSIRO, Australia (1990), pp. 61–70.
External links
Mallee Emu wren Stipiturus mallee Factsheet
Mallee Emu-wren
mallee emu-wren
Birds of South Australia
Birds of Victoria (Australia)
Endemic birds of Australia
Vulnerable fauna of Australia
mallee emu-wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bonham Road Government Primary School () is a primary school in Sai Ying Pun, Hong Kong. Its school building is a declared monument of Hong Kong.
Rachel Yeo of the South China Morning Post wrote that "The building is considered to be a rare surviving example of a structure that served both primary and tertiary institutions."
It is one of multiple schools in Primary One Admission (POA) School Net 11, and it is one of two government schools in the net (the remainder are aided schools, which operate independently but are funded with government money). Neighbourhoods in the net include Central, Kennedy Town, Sai Ying Pun, Shek Tong Tsui, Sheung Wan, and Victoria Peak.
History
It was constructed in 1940 and 1941. Northcote Training College, later known as Northcote College of Education in the 1970s, was the first occupant. During the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong the police of the Imperial Japanese Armed Forces used the facility as an administrative centre. The training college resumed its use of the facility in March of 1946. In 1962 the training college moved out of the building, and United College of the Chinese University of Hong Kong used the building in the period from then until 1971, when the training college moved back in. The college left the building again in 1997, and the primary school began occupying the facility in 2000.
The school building is a declared monument since 16 July 2021.
See also
Bonham Road
Diocesan Native Female Training School
References
External links
Bonham Road Government Primary School
Primary schools in Hong Kong
Declared monuments of Hong Kong
Sai Ying Pun
Government schools in Hong Kong
The following is the discography of Brazilian rock band Titãs.
Albums
References
External links
Official Website
Official English Website (by Jack Endino)
Rádio Terra - Listen to Titãs online
Titãs
Rock music group discographies
Discographies of Brazilian artists
Latin music discographies
Methysergide, sold under the brand names Deseril and Sansert, is a monoaminergic medication of the ergoline and lysergamide groups which is used in the prophylaxis and treatment of migraine and cluster headaches. It has been withdrawn from the market in the United States and Canada due to adverse effects. It is taken by mouth.
Methysergide is no longer recommended as a first line treatment protocol by international headache societies, hospitals, and neurologists in private practice, for migraines or cluster headaches as side effects were first reported with long-term use in the late 1960s, and ergot-based treatments fell out of favor for the treatment of migraines with the introduction of triptans in the 1980s.
Medical uses
Methysergide is used exclusively to treat episodic and chronic migraine and for episodic and chronic cluster headaches. Methysergide is one of the most effective medications for the prevention of migraine, but is not intended for the treatment of an acute attack, it is to be taken daily as a preventative medication.
Migraine and cluster headaches
Methysergide has been known as an effective treatment for migraine and cluster headache for over 50 years. A 2016 investigation by the European Medicines Agency due to long-held questions about safety concerns was performed. To assess the need for continuing availability of methysergide, the International Headache Society performed an electronic survey among their professional members.
The survey revealed that 71.3% of all respondents had ever prescribed methysergide and 79.8% would prescribe it if it were to become available. Respondents used it more in cluster headache than migraine, and reserved it for use in refractory patients.
The European Medicines Agency concluded "that the vast majority of headache experts in this survey regarded methysergide a unique treatment option for specific populations for which there are no alternatives, with an urgent need to continue its availability."
This position was supported by the International Headache Society.
Updated guidelines published by Britain's National Health Service Migraine Trust in 2014 recommended "Methysergide medicines are now only to be used for preventing severe intractable migraine and cluster headache when standard medicines have failed".
Other uses
Methysergide is also used in carcinoid syndrome to treat severe diarrhea. It may also be used in the treatment of serotonin syndrome.
Side effects
It has a known side effect, retroperitoneal fibrosis/retropulmonary fibrosis, which is severe, although uncommon. This side effect has been estimated to occur in 1/5000 patients. In addition, there is an increased risk of left-sided cardiac valve dysfunction.
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
Methysergide interacts with the serotonin 5-HT1A, 5-HT1B, 5-HT1D, 5-HT1E, 5-HT1F, 5-HT2A, 5-HT2B, 5-HT2C, 5-HT5A, 5-HT6, and 5-HT7 receptors and the α2A-, α2B-, and α2C-adrenergic receptors. It does not have significant affinity for human 5-HT3, dopamine, α1-adrenergic, β-adrenergic, acetylcholine, GABA, glutamate, cannabinoid, or histamine receptors, nor for the monoamine transporters. Methysergide is an agonist of 5-HT1 receptors, including a partial agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor, and is an antagonist at the 5-HT2A, 5-HT2B, 5-HT2C, and 5-HT7 receptors. Methysergide is metabolized into methylergometrine in humans, which in contrast to methysergide is a partial agonist of the 5-HT2A and 5-HT2B receptors and also interacts with various other targets.
Methysergide antagonizes the effects of serotonin in blood vessels and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, but has few of the properties of other ergot alkaloids. It is thought that metabolism of methysergide into methylergonovine is responsible for the antimigraine effects of methysergide. Methylergonovine appears to be 10 times more potent than methysergide as an agonist of the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors and has higher intrinsic efficacy in activating these receptors. Methysergide produces psychedelic effects at high doses (3.5–7.5 mg). Metabolism of methysergide into methylergometrine is considered to be responsible for the psychedelic effects of methysergide. The psychedelic effects can specifically be attributed to activation of the 5-HT2A receptor. The medication can activate the 5-HT2B receptor due to metabolism into methylergometrine and for this reason has been associated with cardiac valvulopathy. It is thought that the serotonin receptor antagonism of methysergide is not able to overcome the serotonin receptor agonism of methylergonovine due to the much higher levels of methylergonovine during methysergide therapy.
Pharmacokinetics
The oral bioavailability of methysergide is 13% due to high first-pass metabolism into methylergometrine. Methysergide produces methylergometrine as a major active metabolite. Levels of methylergometrine are about 10-fold higher than those of methysergide during methysergide therapy. As such, methysergide may be considered a prodrug of methylergonovine. The elimination half-life of methylergonovine is almost four times as long as that of methysergide.
Chemistry
Methysergide, also known as N-[(2S)-1-hydroxybutan-2-yl]-1,6-dimethyl-9,10-didehydroergoline-8α-carboxamide or N-(1-(hydroxymethyl)propyl)-1-methyl-D-lysergamide, is a derivative of the ergolines and lysergamides and is structurally related to other members of these families, for instance lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD).
History
Harold Wolff's theory of vasodilation in migraine is well-known. Less known is his search for a perivascular factor that would damage local tissues and increase pain sensitivity during migraine attacks. Serotonin was found to be among the candidate agents to be included.
In the same period, serotonin was isolated (1948) and, because of its actions, an anti-serotonin drug was needed.
Methysergide was synthesized from lysergic acid by adding a methyl group and a butanolamid group. This resulted in a compound with selectivity and high potency as a serotonin (5-HT) inhibitor. Based on the possible involvement of serotonin in migraine attacks, it was introduced in 1959 by Sicuteri as a preventive drug for migraine. The clinical effect was often excellent, but 5 years later it was found to cause retroperitoneal fibrosis after chronic intake.
Consequently, the use of the drug in migraine declined considerably, but it was still used as a 5-HT antagonist in experimental studies. In 1974 Saxena showed that methysergide had a selective vasoconstrictor effect in the carotid bed and in 1984 he found an atypical receptor. This finding provided an incentive for the development of sumatriptan.
Novartis withdrew it from the U.S. market after taking over Sandoz, but currently lists it as a discontinued product.
Production and availability
US production of Methysergide, (Sansert), was discontinued on the manufacturer's own behalf in 2002. Sansert had previously been produced by Sandoz, which merged with Ciba-Geigy in 1996, and led to the creation of Novartis. In 2003 Novartis united its global generics businesses under a single global brand, with the Sandoz name and product line reviewed and reestablished.
Society and culture
Controversy
Methysergide has been an effective treatment for migraine and cluster headache for over 50 years but has systematically been suppressed from the migraine and cluster headache marketplace for over 15 years due to unqualified risk benefit/ratio safety concerns.
Many cite the potential side effects of retroperitoneal/retropulmonary fibrosis as the prime reason methysergide is no longer frequently prescribed, but retroperitoneal fibrosis, and retropulmonary fibrosis, were documented as side effects as early as 1966, and 1967, respectively.
References
External links
Novartis Sansert site.
Novartis Sansert product description.
Migraines.org More detailed information on methysergide.
neurologychannel.com, general information on migraines.
History of methysergide in migraine.
Antimigraine drugs
Lysergamides
Prodrugs
Serotonin receptor antagonists
Serotonin receptor agonists
Wikitongues is an American non-profit organization registered in the state of New York. It aims to sustain and promote all the languages in the world. It was founded by Frederico Andrade, Daniel Bögre Udell and Lindie Botes in 2014.
Oral histories
By May 2016, Wikitongues had recorded around 329 videos in over 200 languages. As of 2018, they have recorded more than 350 languages, or 5% of the languages in the world. They also have 15% of their videos subtitled through the organization Amara, formerly known as Universal Subtitles, which is a web-based non-profit project that hosts and allows user-subtitled video to be accessed and created.
Poly
Poly is open source software built to share and learn languages. The project was supported on Kickstarter and the organization was able to raise US$52,716 with the help of 429 backers. Currently the software is under development.
Licenses
All the videos are released under CC-by-NC 4.0 license. Recently, another option to release the video under CC-by-SA 4.0 has also been introduced.
Mission
In 2019, Daniel Bögre Udell, one of the Wikitongues founders, gave a talk on TED Residency stage about the project and its mission, called "How to save a language from extinction."
References
Further media
External links
Non-profit organizations based in New York City
Organizations established in 2014
Linguistics organizations
Linguistic research
Language revival
2014 establishments in New York City
Catfight is an 2016 American black comedy film directed and written by Onur Tukel and starring Sandra Oh, Anne Heche, Alicia Silverstone, Amy Hill, Myra Lucretia Taylor, Ariel Kavoussi, Craig Bierko, Tituss Burgess, and Dylan Baker. The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 9, 2016, before being released in a limited release and through video on demand on March 3, 2017, by Dark Sky Films.
Plot
Artist Ashley Miller and housewife Veronica Salt are two unhappy women. Ashley is struggling to sell her artwork, straining her relationship with her girlfriend Lisa. Veronica, an alcoholic, treated with disdain by her husband Stanley, mocks her son's drawing talent. Both women watch news reports on tension between the United States and the Middle East.
Stanley throws a party for his business partner. Lisa, the caterer, forces Ashley to help. Veronica comes for a drink and the two women recognize each other from college. Trying to make small talk, they descend into verbal barbs. Veronica is told to leave by her husband, and she runs into Ashley in the stairwell. They first sling insults, then fists. Ashley gets the upper hand, punching Veronica in the face. When Veronica tries to stand, she falls down the stairs and slips into a coma.
Two years later, Veronica awakens with no memory of the fight. She learns that her husband shot himself, her son died fighting the war in the Middle East, and all of her money was spent to pay for her treatment. She moves in with her former housekeeper Donna and lands a job as a maid. Ashley is now a famous artist, the war causes her dark paintings to become popular. She and Lisa decide to start a family, so Ashley is impregnated, using a sperm donor. Their differing beliefs cause them to become estranged.
Veronica finds a magazine with Ashley on the cover, annoyed at her success. She clashes with Donna about the war, and moves in with her Aunt Charlie. Veronica finds a video left to her by Kip, revealing he left school to join the army to make her proud, and then she breaks down in tears. Then she goes to Ashley's new gallery. Sees a painting depicting her own bloodied face, Veronica remembers their fight. She begins destroying the paintings, and Ashley tries to stop her. Veronica punches Ashley and runs off with the painting of her face. Ashley runs after her and they begin beating each other with tools. Veronica overpowers Ashley, hitting her over the head with a wrench. Veronica stumbles away, while cinder block falls on Ashley's head, and she falls into a coma.
Two years later Ashley awakens and discovers that she lost her baby during the coma, Lisa has left her, and she is broke after her paintings were sold to pay her hospital bills. The United States has won the war on terror, and her dark art style has lost all popularity. Sally, meanwhile, has become famous and rich as her comics about happy blue bunnies are popular. Ashley now has to work for her former assistant and tries to begin painting again, only to find she physically cannot because of her injuries.
Ashley finds a bus ticket to Pennsylvania, realizing it belongs to Veronica, who has been caring for her Aunt Charlie. Ashley suddenly appears, intending to "destroy" her. Veronica makes Ashley breakfast and Ashley accepts, and they discover they have some things in common. Veronica plays Ashley the recordings made by Kip, confessing that watching them makes her feel like her son is still with her, and has helped her overcome her anger towards Ashley. Ashley is moved, but then accidentally spills her coffee onto the camera. Veronica freaks out, revealing she never backed up the files. They begin fighting, going out into the woods. They end up sitting on the ground punching each other over and over again as they both break down sobbing. Aunt Charlie watches them fight from the window. The video camera suddenly reboots, revealing it was not broken after all.
Cast
Sandra Oh as Veronica Salt
Anne Heche as Ashley Miller
Alicia Silverstone as Lisa
Ivana Miličević as Rachel
Peter Jacobson as Carl
Myra Lucretia Taylor as Donna
Amy Hill as Aunt Charlie
Damian Young as Stanley Salt
Tituss Burgess as John
Jordan Carlos as Howie
Giullian Yao Gioiello as Kip Salt
Dylan Baker as Doctor Jones
Ariel Kavoussi as Sally
Stephen Gevedon as Tom Ferguson
Annie McCain Engman as Christie
Marisa Vitali as Debbie
Production
Principal photography on the film wrapped up in late December 2015 in New York City. The film was produced by MPI Media Group's Greg Newman along with Gigi Graff.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 9, 2016. Shortly after, Dark Sky Films acquired distribution rights to the film, and set it for a March 3, 2017, limited release and through video on demand.
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 74% based on 61 reviews, and an average rating of 6.1/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Smart, suitably nasty, and well-cast, Catfight lands narrative punches just as fast and hard-hitting as the physical violence doled out onscreen." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score 66 out of 100 based 17 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
References
External links
2016 films
2016 black comedy films
2016 LGBT-related films
2010s English-language films
American black comedy films
American LGBT-related films
Films directed by Onur Tukel
Films set in New York City
Films set in Pennsylvania
Films shot in New York City
Lesbian-related films
LGBT-related black comedy films
2010s American films
There has been one baronetcy created for a person with the surname Burrell. Another baronetcy passed by special remainder to the Burrell family.
The Burrell Baronetcy, of West Grinstead Park in the County of Sussex, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 15 July 1766 for Merrik Burrell, with remainder to his nephew Peter Burrell. His great-nephew, the second Baronet, was elevated to the peerage as Baron Gwydyr in 1796. For more information, see this title.
The Raymond Baronetcy of Valentine House, in the County of Essex, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 31 May 1774 for Charles Raymond, High Sheriff of Essex from 1771 to 1772, with remainder to his son-in-law William Burrell (the husband of his daughter Sophia), who succeeded him as second Baronet. The latter was the nephew of the first Baronet of the 1766 creation and the uncle of the first Baron Gwydyr. Burrell notably sat as a Member of Parliament for Haslemere. His son, the third Baronet, succeeded to the title of Baronet Raymond of Valentine House on 20 January 1796, and represented New Shoreham in the House of Commons as a Conservative for over fifty years. He was Father of the House from 1861 to 1862. Both the latter's sons, the fourth and fifth Baronets, sat as Conservative Members of Parliament for New Shoreham. As of 2013 the title is held by the fifth Baronet's great-great-great-grandson, the tenth Baronet, who succeeded his father in 2008.
The family seat is Knepp Castle, Horsham, Sussex.
Burrell baronets, of West Grinstead Park (1766)
see Baron Gwydyr
Raymond, later Burrell baronets, of Valentine House (1774)
Sir Charles Raymond, 1st Baronet (1713–1788)
Sir William Burrell, 2nd Baronet (1732–1796)
Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, 3rd Baronet (1774–1862)
Sir Percy Burrell, 4th Baronet (1812–1876)
Sir Walter Wyndham Burrell, 5th Baronet (1814–1886)
Sir Charles Raymond Burrell, 6th Baronet (1848–1899)
Sir Merrik Raymond Burrell, 7th Baronet (1877–1957)
Sir Walter Raymond Burrell, 8th Baronet (1903–1985)
Sir John Raymond Burrell, 9th Baronet (1934–2008)
Sir Charles Raymond Burrell, 10th Baronet (born 1962)
References
www.thepeerage.com
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Baronetcies created with special remainders
1766 establishments in Great Britain
Moana is a small town in the West Coast Region of the South Island of New Zealand. It is situated on the northern shore of Lake Brunner, and is beside the outflow of the lake into the Arnold River. There is a pedestrian suspension bridge crossing the Arnold from the town to access the lake shore across the river, with some short easy bush walks on each side.
The town has a permanent population of less than 100, but is a popular location for summer tourism. There are around 300 holiday homes and a camping ground.
The town's main tourist attractions are the panoramic views and water sport opportunities arising from its position on the shores of Lake Brunner. The Midland Line railway passes through Moana; the TranzAlpine tourist passenger train passes through once in each direction daily, and freight trains of coal operate more frequently.
In May 2013, Moana became one of the first places in New Zealand to get 4G wireless broadband.
Demographics
The population of Moana was 57 in the 2018 census, a decrease of 9 from 2013. There were 33 males and 27 females. 89.5% of people identified as European/Pākehā, 10.5% as Māori and 5.3% as Pacific peoples. No one was under 15 years old, 10.5% were 15–29, 57.9% were 30–64, and 31.6% were 65 or older.
The statistical area of Lake Brunner, which at 1,301 square kilometres is much larger than Moana, had a population of 1,065 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 147 people (16.0%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 312 people (41.4%) since the 2006 census. There were 186 households. There were 531 males and 534 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.99 males per female. The median age was 20.4 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 444 people (41.7%) aged under 15 years, 213 (20.0%) aged 15 to 29, 330 (31.0%) aged 30 to 64, and 75 (7.0%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 95.8% European/Pākehā, 4.5% Māori, 0.8% Pacific peoples, 1.7% Asian, and 1.7% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 7.0%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 26.8% had no religion, 68.2% were Christian and 0.3% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 78 (12.6%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 90 (14.5%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $25,900, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 357 (57.5%) people were employed full-time, 87 (14.0%) were part-time, and 6 (1.0%) were unemployed.
Education
Lake Brunner School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a roll of students as of Rotomanu School closed and merged into this school in 2005.
Railway station
In 1886, the New Zealand Midland Railway Company entered a contract with the Government for the construction of of railway between Christchurch and Nelson via Brunnerton (later Brunner) over a ten year period. The line was to be built and operated by private enterprise. In November 1892, the company opened the railway from Brunnerton, but at that stage Moana was only a flag station. By March 1894, the railway had reached Jacksons. However, in 1895 the company collapsed. In May 1895 the Government seized the company's assets on the grounds that the contract had expired with the works incomplete. The Government eventually completed the works under the Railways Construction and Land Act 1881.
The opening of the railway to Moana enabled settlement by Pākeha and establishment of timber mills in the local area. By June 1895 a siding was being operated at Moana station by the Lake Brunner Sawmill Company. The date of construction of the original Moana railway station building is not known, but by 1895 the station had a long platform and siding.
On 16 April 1926, the station building was destroyed in a fire. A replacement building was constructed in the same year. The replacement was to the standard type A design, from the family of standard railway station designs prepared by Railways architect George Troup.
The Moana Railway Station is listed as a Category 1 Historic Place by Heritage New Zealand. It is the only type A station building still remaining that is complete with its associated sidings and goods sheds. Heritage New Zealand has also given a Category 1 listing to the Moana Railway Station Historic Area comprising the station building, a footbridge, the goods shed and the former station master's house (now used as a cafe).
See also
Bell Hill mill tramway
References
External links
Grey District Council page
Local website
Moana Railway Station at Rail Heritage Trust
Grey District
Populated places in the West Coast, New Zealand
Populated lakeshore places in New Zealand
On Your Behalf is a consumer affairs radio programme broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster on Saturday mornings and repeated midweek in the evening. The programme, first broadcast in September 1995, offers advice to listeners' consumer problems and reports on the latest developments in consumer law and how these may affect their rights. It is presented by Linda McAuley.
On Your Behalf won the Trading Standards Institute's 'Best Consumer Television or Radio Programme' award in 2006. The presenter Linda McAuley also won the 'Northern Ireland Consumer Journalist' category.
External links
On Your Behalf homepage
References
Radio programmes in Northern Ireland
Neoscytalidium is a genus of fungi in the Botryosphaeriaceae family.
References
Botryosphaeriales
"Unitarernes Hus" (English: House of Unitarians) in Copenhagen, Denmark, is the chapel of the Danish Unitarian Church Society. It was designed by Carl Brummer and opened in 1927 on Østerbrogade (now Dag Hammerskjolds Allé). The Society asked Brummer to design a building which reflected the Unitarian ideals of tolerance towards other religions. He sought to achieve this by creating a building which combined elements from different monotheistic religions, such as Christianity (the original basilica shape), Jewish synagoges (two balconies) and Greek Orthodox temples (the Greek fret). Behind the pulpit is a large fresco painted by Professor Oscar Mathiesen depicting the Biblical scene of "The Parable of the Good Samaritan".
References
External links
Unitarian Church Society
Carl Brummer buildings
Churches in Copenhagen
Unitarian chapels
Churches completed in 1927
Adotela is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Adotela apicalis (Sloane, 1893)
Adotela atronitens Sloane, 1890
Adotela australis Sloane, 1890
Adotela bicolor (Castelnau, 1867)
Adotela carbonaria (Castelnau, 1867)
Adotela carenoides Putzeys, 1873
Adotela concolor Castelnau, 1867
Adotela esmeralda Castelnau, 1867
Adotela frenchi Sloane, 1890
Adotela grandis (Castelnau, 1867)
Adotela howitti (Castelnau, 1867)
Adotela laevigatta (Sloane, 1893)
Adotela nigerrima MacLeay, 1873
Adotela noctis (Sloane, 1893)
Adotela striolata Putzeys, 1873
Adotela violacea (Castelnau, 1867)
Adotela viridis (MacLeay, 1871)
References
Broscini
Carabidae genera
Riccardo Moretti (born 18 January 1985) is an Italian motorcycle racer. He won the Italian Honda RS125GP Trophy in 2007 and the Italian CIV 125 championship in 2009.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Italian motorcycle racers
Living people
People from Lugo, Emilia-Romagna
125cc World Championship riders
Moto3 World Championship riders
1985 births
Sportspeople from the Province of Ravenna
Method Music is a double-album of electronic music by the English composer and mathematician Lawrence Ball created using the compositional system that would become The Lifehouse Method, an online-based compositional project conceived by Pete Townshend of The Who to compose customized algorithmically-generated musical portraits. The album's music evolved from tests of the portraiture system.
The release was produced by Pete Townshend and Bob Lord and was released on 31 January 2012 on Navona Records.
History
Method Music is an outgrowth of Townshend's groundbreaking 1971 futurist composition Lifehouse. Although Townshend originally intended Lifehouse as a multimedia audience-participation musical production to follow The Who's Tommy, difficulties in implementing the project led to its temporary abandonment; a selection of constituent components extracted from Lifehouse were recorded and assembled as The Who's highly successful album Who's Next.
The element of audience participation was a key plot point of the Lifehouse narrative, which culminates in a concert where the audience's personal attributes and characteristics are transformed into music. The idea of a musical portraiture system was first explored by Townshend in the lead-off cut on Who's Next, Baba O'Riley - a piece echoed in Meher Baba Piece, the first track on Method Music (which was included on The Who's 2006 album Endless Wire as the underpinning for Fragments, co-written by Ball).
In 2007, Townshend launched The Lifehouse Method website, run by his company Eel Pie, an online music portraiture system created with Ball and programmer Dave Snowdon in which users entered data into the system and received a unique, customized piece of audio. The website generated over 10,000 musical portraits before closing in 2008.
Method Music was recorded and mixed at Townshend's Oceanic Studios in Twickenham.
Track listing
Disc One
"Meher Baba Piece"
"Sitter 09"
"Sitter 10"
"Victoria 5"
"Sitter 11"
"Sitter 12"
"Sitter 13"
"Sitter 14"
"Sitter 15"
"Sitter 17"
"Sitter 16"
Disc Two
"Galaxy 01 (for the late Syd Barrett)"
"Galaxy 02 (for the late Hugh Hopper)"
"Galaxy 03 (for the late György Ligeti)"
References
External links
Navona Records official site
Official METHOD MUSIC page on Navona Records
Lawrence Ball official site
Pete Townshend official site
Bob Lord official site
Lifehouse Method official site
2012 albums
Xertigny station (French: Gare de Xertigny) is a railway station serving the commune of Xertigny, Vosges department, France. It is located on the Blainville to Damelevières à Lure railway. The station is owned and operated by SNCF, in the TER Grand Est regional rail network and is served by TER trains.
History
The train station was opened by the Compagnie des chemins de fer de l'Est on 24 September 1863, along with the section from Épinal to Aillevillers.
In 2018, the SNCF recorded 1,036 passenger movements through the station, a slight increase from the previous year of only 978.
References
Railway stations in Vosges (department)
Railway stations in France opened in 1863
KQLL (1280 AM, "Kool 102") is a commercial radio station located in Henderson, Nevada, broadcasting to the Las Vegas metropolitan area on the AM dial with a simulcast on K272EE 102.3 FM. KQLL airs an oldies music format. The station is currently owned by Summit Media.
History
The station went on the air in 1956 as KVOV. It was assigned the call letters KREL on February 17, 1984. On January 28, 1991, the station changed its call sign to KDOL, and on March 6, 1998 to KDOX.
In June 2010, KDOX purchased the construction permit for K272EE licensed to Moapa, Nevada. with the plan to add an FM signal. On August 12, 2010, this signal went live.
Prior to adopting an oldies music format, KDOX aired a news/talk format known as "Fox News Radio 1280." In August 2010, KDOX introduced a live, local mid-morning talk radio show hosted by Casey Hendrickson and Heather Kydd (formerly the drive-time hosts on competitor KXNT). On August 12, 2010, KDOX introduced a 99-watt FM translator on 102.3 MHz. KDOX purchased the construction permit for $100.00 in June 2010.
On December 31, 2010, KDOX changed formats to a 50s-70s oldies format known as "Kool 102". Along with the format change, the calls were changed as well to reflect the format. The station became known as KQLL.
Translator
References
External links
FCC History Cards for KQLL
QLL
Radio stations established in 1956
QLL
1956 establishments in Nevada
You Can Win If You Want is Modern Talking's second single released from their debut album The 1st Album. The single was released on 13 March 1985 and entered the top 10 in Germany on 13 May 1985, after spending three weeks within the top-5, the single reached the top eventually going gold and selling well over 250,000 units in Germany alone.
The single peaked at No. 8 in France where it also reached a gold status for sales of 500,000 units.
The video for the song was shot at Bavaria Studios in Munich and directed by Michael Bentele.
Single
7" Single
"You Can Win If You Want" (Special Single Remix) - 3:44
"One in a Million" - 3:42
12" Maxi
"You Can Win If You Want" (Special Dance Version) - 5:19
"You Can Win If You Want" (Instrumental) - 3:43
"One in a Million" - 3:42
Chart position
Certifications
References
1985 singles
Modern Talking songs
Songs written by Dieter Bohlen
Number-one singles in Germany
Number-one singles in Austria
Song recordings produced by Dieter Bohlen
1985 songs
Ariola Records singles
William Owen Bush (July 4, 1832 – February 13, 1907) was an American farmer and politician who was elected to the Washington House of Representatives as part of the inaugural Washington State Legislature after its admission to the United States in 1889. He is noted for introducing the legislation that established Washington State University, for being the first African-American to serve in the Washington legislature, and for his tireless promotion of Washington agriculture.
Early life
Bush was born in Clay County, Missouri on July 4, 1832. He was the son of George Washington Bush, a celebrated settler and veteran of the War of 1812 who inherited a portion of the substantial fortune of his father, Matthew, and Isabella James.
In 1844, at the age of 12, William Owen Bush traveled with his father, mother, and siblings from Missouri to Oregon in the company of five other families (including that of Michael Simmons, who would eventually found the city of Tumwater, Washington). By the time the family had reached the territory, the Provisional Government of Oregon had enacted legislation prohibiting land ownership by blacks. Undeterred, the elder Bush moved his family north, across the Columbia River, into what would eventually become the Territory of Washington (though was at the time contested land). There, the elder Bush went to work for the Hudson's Bay Company and eventually established a farm in Thurston County.
William Owen Bush's ancestry has been the subject of some confusion. Some of his descendants denied that his grandfather, Matthew, had any African ancestry at all. However, he himself identified as African-American, and was described in contemporary accounts as a negro. Bush's father, George Washington Bush, was of mixed race, while his mother was of German descent.
Career
Agriculture
In 1859 Bush married a widow, Mandana Kimsey, and established a farm 12 miles south of the family homestead. The couple had three children, George O., John Shotwell, and Mandana Isabella. George O. Bush died in infancy. After his father's death, William Owen Bush took control of the family farm, operating it together with his brothers and growing the family into increasing prosperity and wealth. In 1872 Bush helped found the Western Washington Industrial Association, which organized agricultural expositions, serving as the group's inaugural president. Grains from the Bush farm won gold medals at the 1876 Philadelphia World's Fair, and the 1893 Chicago World's Fair. In 1893 he was appointed to represent the United States on the Advisory Council of the World's Congress Auxiliary on Farm Culture and Cereal Industry.
Politics
Following Washington's admission to the United States in 1889, Bush ran and was elected to the first sitting of the Washington House of Representatives as a member of the Republican Party. In 1890 he introduced and helped pass the state's first civil rights act, which prohibited racial discrimination in "public accommodations ... public conveyances on land or water, theatres and other places of public amusement and restaurants." Bush is also credited with introducing the legislation that led to the establishment of Washington State University. He was elected to the legislature a second time, serving until 1895.
Death
Bush died in 1907 at St. Peter's Hospital in Olympia, Washington and was interred at Union Cemetery in Tumwater, Washington. In its obituary, the Morning Olympian newspaper described Bush as "one of the oldest and most famous pioneers of the state of Washington" and declared that "probably no resident of the state or territory throughout its history has done more to advertise the state than W. O. Bush".
See also
Charles Stokes – the first African-American elected to the Washington legislature from King County, Washington
African-American officeholders during and following the Reconstruction era
References
1832 births
1907 deaths
African-American state legislators in Washington (state)
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Clay County, Missouri
People from Thurston County, Washington
Washington (state) pioneers
19th-century American politicians
20th-century African-American people
Kimsa Chata (Aymara and Quechua kimsa three, Pukina chata mountain, "three mountains", Hispanicized Quimsa Chata) is a group of three mountains in the Andes of Bolivia. It is located in the Oruro Department, Sajama Province, in the north of the Turco Municipality. It is situated north-east of the mountains Yaritani and Wankarani. The northern peak is high. The two other peaks of the groups lie south-east of it.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Arthur John Matthews (September 3, 1860 – July 20, 1942) was the seventh principal/president of Arizona State University (ASU), then known as the Tempe Normal School. He served as principal from 1900 to 1904, when the position was renamed president; he remained president until 1930. Matthews is the longest-tenured president in ASU history.
Life
Matthews was born on September 3, 1860 in Cazenovia, New York, to Patrick Henry and Anne King Matthews. After attending the Methodist Cazenovia Seminary and Syracuse University, Matthews became a teacher at the age of 19, while still at the seminary and Syracuse, and later moved to positions as teacher in West Eaton and superintendent of the schools in Adams. In 1887, Matthews moved to Wyoming, where he became superintendent of schools in the towns of Rock Springs and Rawlins.
In 1896, Matthews ran as a Democrat for the post of Wyoming State Superintendent of Public Instruction and lost to Republican Estelle Reele, the first woman to be elected to a public office in the United States.
In 1897, Matthews moved with his family to Arizona due to the health of their daughter, Anna. He became the superintendent of schools in the town of Prescott.
At the Normal School
Matthews was appointed principal of the Tempe Normal School on June 7, 1900 and was the seventh president in the institution's 15-year history. He immediately provided much-needed leadership stability, remaining in his leadership role at the school for the next three decades.
One of his major achievements was converting the school to no longer admit high school students or "subnormals", as it had when few high schools existed in the state. This move stimulated the founding of new high schools. He also consolidated the school, which had gone by several varying names, under the Tempe Normal School name; in 1925, the Normal School changed its name to Tempe State Teacher's College after Matthews promoted a bill in the state legislature to give the institution degree-granting status, which was opposed by some legislators.
Matthews also served as registrar, business manager, and instructor of courses in law, economics, and mathematics.
In 1902, Matthews spearheaded the development of the normal school's first dormitory, Alpha Hall, which had been built in 1898 as a boarding club. It housed 25 women and was later converted to a men's dormitory.
In June 1930, Matthews retired from the Teacher's College and received the title president emeritus. He was replaced by Ralph Waldo Swetman.
Educational involvement
Matthews was active in various educational organizations, such as state teacher's associations in both Wyoming and Arizona. He also became a member of the Arizona Board of Education and the National Education Association. Matthews assisted in writing the education portion of the Constitution of Arizona.
Personal life
In 1887, Matthews married Carrie Louise Walden, with whom he had two children, Arthur and Anna. He was an active Mason and member of the Knights of Pythias.
Matthews died on July 20, 1942, in Long Beach, California. His body lay in state in the Matthews Library, named for him and built in 1930.
Buildings
18 buildings were constructed during Matthews's three decades as head of the school; six remain in use today, two of which are named for A. J. Matthews and his wife, Carrie:
Matthews Hall, built in 1922, was originally commissioned as a men's dormitory. In 1930, when the Matthews Library was completed, the residential hall was renamed in honor of his wife, Carrie, as it had become a women's dormitory. It is the oldest intact dormitory on the ASU campus.
Matthews Center, built in 1930, served as the school library until 1966; it also housed university administrative offices until 1950. After its replacement, it became home to a variety of offices, currently including student media and disability resources.
References
1860 births
1942 deaths
People from Cazenovia, New York
Cazenovia College alumni
Syracuse University alumni
Presidents of Arizona State University
The Herengracht index is a study of house prices along the Herengracht canal in Amsterdam. The index was created by real estate finance professor Piet Eichholz of Maastricht University. The Herengracht house price index goes all the way back to the construction of the Herengracht in the 1620s. It was first published from 1628 up to 1973, and later extended to 2008.
References
Price indices
Dolichosauridae (from Latin, dolichos = "long" and Greek sauros= lizard) is a family of Cretaceous aquatic ophidiomorphan lizards closely related to the snakes and mosasaurs.
Description
Dolichosaurus was a small marine squamate at about 0.5 to 1 meter in total length. Coniasaurus was similarly sized at about 0.5 meters in length. They were elongated (especially apparent in the neck) marine lizards with reduced limbs and small, thin heads. Dolichosaurs may have occupied a niche similar to the earlier nothosaurs and modern sea snakes, in using their thin heads to feed in crevices and narrow spaces along coral reefs and rocky shores. One of the earliest dolichosaurs, Kaganaias from Barremian, probably lived in freshwater environment unlike other members in the family.
The degree to which the limbs were reduced suggest that the dolichosaurs would have been unable to generate any significant movement on land, and they thus likely spent most of their time underwater. Though the reduction of the limbs have no obvious evolutionary advantage, it is an adaptation that might be shared with early snakes.
History of discovery
Both of the genera routinely referred to the Dolichosauridae, Dolichosaurus and Coniasaurus, were described by Richard Owen in 1850 based on specimens of Cenomanian age collected from the Lower Chalk of southeastern England. The unusually large number of dorsal and cervical vertebrae present in Dolichosaurus prompted it to be named as a new genus and Coniasaurus could be distinguished from known Cretaceous lizards by dental characteristics. Nopcsa (1908) restudied the specimens discovered by Owen and described several new specimens of Coniasaurus and Dolichosaurus.
Classification
Both known species of Coniasaurus, C. gracilodens and C. crassidens, are known from disarticulated skulls with isolated vertebral elements. In contrast, Dolichosaurus longicollis, the only species of Dolichosaurus, is known from postcranial skeletons with only very fragmentary skulls and no teeth. This has made the exact nature of their relation difficult to determine.
Coniasaurus and Dolichosaurus are generally considered to be either nested within basal mosasauroids as a third group alongside mosasaurs and aigialosaurs, or as the sister group to the mosasauroids. The difficulties in establishing more certain relationships not only between the Dolichosauridae and the Mosasauroidea, but also between Dolichosaurus and Coniasaurus, arise from the nature of the fossil remains referred to the genera. With Coniasaurus largely lacking postcranial material and Dolichosaurus largely lacking cranial material, they are difficult to compare with each other.
Studies that propose a close relation between snakes and mosasauroids in a group dubbed Pythonomorpha demonstrate the importance of Dolichosaurus, Coniasaurus and other Late Cretaceous marine squamates in squamate phylogeny and evolutionary history. The hypothesis suggesting that snakes, mosasaurs, aigialosaurs and dolichosaurs share a common aquatic ancestor is not universally accepted and stands in stark contrast with the previously widespread hypothesis of snakes having a fossorial origin.
The cladogram below is based on Palci and Caldwell (2010a), Caldwell and Palci (2010b), placing the Dolichosauridae as a sister group to modern snakes and their closest ancestors.
References
Cretaceous lizards
Prehistoric reptile families
Prehistoric squamates
Fossil taxa described in 1852
Nori may be,
Nori language (Papuan)
Nori language (Colombia)
Oliver Caruso is a German weightlifter. He won the Bronze medal in the 91 kg in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
References
German male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Germany
Weightlifters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
1974 births
Living people
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
John Howarth (born 31 October 1958) is a British Labour Party politician who served as a member of the European Parliament (MEP) for South East England from 2017 to 2020.
Howarth succeeded Anneliese Dodds who had represented the seat since the 2014 European Parliament election until she was elected as MP for Oxford East in the 2017 General Election, and he was re-elected at the 2019 European Parliament election.
He was educated in Gateshead at Highfield Comprehensive School and at the University of Essex where he read Economics. He started his career as a Labour Party official, then working and running businesses in Information Technology, Design, Business Communications and Public Affairs. He spent 11 years as a Councillor serving on Berkshire County Council, Reading Borough Council and the South East England Regional Assembly.
Early life and education
His father, also John Howarth, worked in the coal industry first as a footplateman and later as a traffic foreman on the Bowes railway. His mother Freda Howarth (Robinson) was the daughter of Joe Robinson, a pit deputy at Heworth Colliery. Joe had served in the Northumberland Fusileers Regiment in the First World War and was wounded at Passchendaele (Third Battle of Ypres). During the Second World Ward Freda was an industrial conscript working as a welder in munitions production. John Howarth cites his Grandfather as particularly influential on his early political thinking.
Howarth grew up on the Ellen Wilkinson Estate, a 1950s council housing development now part of Gateshead Borough. He attended Wardley Infant and Junior Schools and Highfield Comprehensive, a purpose-built comprehensive school that opened in 1970 upon the abolition of selection at 11 plus. The school would later be renamed Thomas Hepburn Community School and closed in 2019. He studied Economics at the University of Essex and after graduating gained a master's degree in the History and Theory of 20th Century Art. His MA thesis was on work of the German Director, Werner Herzog.
Political life
John Howarth became involved with the Labour Party during the February 1974 General Election when his father was on strike. He continued to be involved with Labour election campaigns in October 1974 and the Newcastle Central By-election of 1976 before university. In student politics he became National Secretary of Labour Students. On leaving the student world in 1982 Howarth became a Labour Party constituency organiser in Basingstoke and Secretary of the Hampshire County Labour Party. Having progressed to Labour's Southern Regional Office (covering what is now the South East Region) Howarth left Labour's staff in 1988 to work in the private sector and settled in Reading.
In 1990 Howarth was elected Chair of Reading Labour Party which encompassed both of the town's parliamentary constituencies and the Reading local government functions. He served as Chair until 1994 after which he became Press Officer, a role which he continued for the ten years. He also served as Vice-Chair of Berkshire County Labour Party, Thames Valley European Constituency, the South East Regional Board/Executive and the National Policy Forum.
Working life
In 1989 Howarth joined a company providing software and IT solutions, working on marketing communications and eventually becoming Director of Marketing and a partner. In 1995 he founded his own business providing marketing consulting services and later brand, design and business communications. He became a member of the Chartered Society of Designers and also worked in public affairs as a consultant for the international business communications firm, Instinctif Partners.
Local government
In 1993 he contested Redlands Division on Berkshire County Council, winning the seat comfortably. On the county council he served as chair of the Transport Committee and later than vice-chair of the Environment Committee as part of the Labour-Liberal Democrat administration. Howarth was a strong advocate of the abolition of Berkshire County Council and its replacement with Unitary local government. He served five years on the county council until it was dissolved in April 1998.
In 2001 he was elected to Reading Borough Council, by now a unitary council, for Park Ward and was re-elected in 2004. Serving for a year as deputy lead on sport and cultural services, he became the cabinet member responsible for transport and strategic planning and was appointed to the South East England Regional Assembly. He became a member of the UK Government's Regional Transport Board for the South East, the Joint Regional European Committee, the Regional Planning Committee, and the Berkshire Join Strategic Planning Committee. Howarth was also Chair of the Reading Station Project Board, which brought together stakeholders in the successful bid to attract funding for the expansion of the Great Western mainline facilities at Reading railway station. In 2007 he stood down from the Borough Council.
European elections
In 1994 John Howarth was Labour candidate for the Thames Valley coming close to unseating the Conservative MEP in what was not regarded as a Labour target. He contested South East England as a member of the Labour list at the first election using proportional representation in 1999. In 2013 he put himself forward for the South East Region once again. The ordering of the list – with one male and one female candidate – was determined by a ballot of Labour Party members. John Howarth won the male ballot and was placed second on the list, the decision having been made prior to the selection that the winner of the female ballot would be top of the list.
In the 2014 European Elections Labour fell short of the necessary share of the vote to secure two MEPs in the region. Anneliese Dodds, who had been placed first on the Labour list, represented the seat until 9 June 2017 when she was elected as MP for Oxford East in the 2017 General Election. In the 2019 European Elections, Howarth as sitting MEP led Labour's list in South East England and was elected to the South East region as the only Labour MEP.
Work in the European Parliament
Howarth served on the European Parliament's Budget Committee (BUDG), the Internal Market and Consumer Protection Committee (IMCO) the Regional Development Committee (REGI) and the Budgetary Control Committee (CONT). He was Vice Chair of the Parliament's Delegation to the countries of South Asia (Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal and the Maldives) and a member of delegations to CARIFORUM (the Caribbean nations), North Macedonia (then FYR Macedonia) and Palestine. He was a member of the European Parliament Intergroups (all-party groups) for SMEs and for the Creative Industries. He was Rapporteur for the General Budget of the European Union for 2019, the Standing BUDG Rapporteur for the EU Space Programme and Fusion Energy and as BUDG rapporteur and S&D Group shadow on 2021-27 Multiannual Financial Framework legislation for the EU Space Programme, Horizon Europe (FP9), Creative Europe and Erasmus+.
Personal life
John Howarth is married to Jane Coney, a designer. He has two children from his first marriage. and a stepdaughter. John enjoys music (almost any sort) playing guitar, cooking and art. He swims and plays golf. He has followed Newcastle United since boyhood but came to follow Reading F.C. as his "second team".
References
External links
Profile at European Parliament website
1958 births
Living people
Labour Party (UK) MEPs
Members of Berkshire County Council
MEPs for England 2014–2019
MEPs for England 2019–2020
Sampli (Saimply Sahib) is a small village in the Bassi Pathana block of Fatehgarh Sahib district, in the Indian state of Punjab. This village is around 25 kilometres from Chandigarh-the capital of Punjab, 45 km from Patiala-academic city of Punjab, and about 75 km from Ludhiana-industrial city of Punjab.
Demographics
it had a population of in households. and the main profession of people is agriculture and Service. The population mainly consists of Sikhs and 2-3 families of Muslims.
It is a religious village and known for popular Gurudwara Saimply Sahib. Brahm Giani Sant Baba Jaimal Singh Ji built this Gurudwara Sahib. Sant Baba Banta is now in charge of Gurughar. Prominent figures Sant Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale and Giani Jail Singh (Ex President of India) were frequent visitors to this village.
References
Fatehgarh Sahib
Villages in Fatehgarh Sahib district
Sergey Ivanovich Lomanov (; born 22 May 1957 in Krasnoyarsk) is a Russian bandy manager and former player (forward). He made 183 goals for the Soviet Union national bandy team. He played his club bandy for Yenisey Krasnoyarsk and IK Sirius.
He is the father of Sergey Sergeyevich Lomanov.
References
Russian bandy players
Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
IK Sirius players
Expatriate bandy players in Sweden
Russian Bandy Super League players
Soviet bandy players
1957 births
Living people
Det 20de Århundre ("The Twentieth Century") was a periodical published by the Norwegian Labour Party. It was based in Oslo.
History and profile
Its purpose was to print background articles on ideology and issues. For news, the party had a full network of newspapers, with Arbeiderbladet (earlier names: Vort Arbeide and Social-Demokraten) as the leading organ.
Editor from 1920 to 1923 was Arvid G. Hansen. From 1929 its editor was Håkon Meyer, but he was fired in 1934 for deviating political views. From 1936 it was edited by Arne Ording and Finn Moe.
In 1911 it published a text which was written by internationally known anti-Semite Theodor Fritsch, and translated by the Norwegian anti-Semitic writer Eivind Saxlund. Saxlund had also written a preface. The text was both anti-Semitic and racist in general. The periodical printed a rebuttal in the next issue, but in 1912 Saxlund had an article of his own in print. In it, he lamented a recent "coolie shipment" of 25 Galician labour immigrants; this he perceived as a threat because of possible "miscegenation".
References
Defunct magazines published in Norway
Defunct political magazines
Labour Party (Norway)
Magazines with year of establishment missing
Magazines with year of disestablishment missing
Magazines published in Oslo
Norwegian-language magazines
Political magazines published in Norway
Socialist magazines
The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! (also known as simply The Naked Gun) is a 1988 American crime comedy film directed by David Zucker and released by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Leslie Nielsen as the bumbling police lieutenant Frank Drebin. Priscilla Presley, Ricardo Montalbán, George Kennedy, and O. J. Simpson also star in supporting roles.
The film features fast-paced slapstick comedy, including many visual and verbal puns and gags. The film is based on the character portrayed by Nielsen in the television series Police Squad!, and is also a continuation of the latter. The core creative team behind Police Squad! and the film series includes the team of David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, and Jerry Zucker as well as Pat Proft in varying combinations.
Released on December 2, 1988, The Naked Gun was a critical and commercial success, which led to two sequels: The Naked Gun : The Smell of Fear (1991) and Naked Gun : The Final Insult (1994).
Plot
Police Squad Lieutenant Frank Drebin, taking a vacation in Beirut, disrupts a conference of America's greatest enemies (Idi Amin, Muammar Gaddafi, Ayatollah Khomeini, Yasser Arafat, Fidel Castro, and Mikhail Gorbachev) who are trying to conceive a terrorist plan to humiliate the U.S. In Los Angeles, Officer Nordberg attempts to bust a heroin drug operation at the docks organized by dock's owner Vincent Ludwig, and is shot by Ludwig's henchmen. After returning to L.A. and being briefed on the case by his boss, Captain Ed Hocken, Drebin visits Nordberg in the hospital. Nordberg provides cryptic clues, including a picture of Ludwig's ship on which the deal had been organized. Frank meets with police scientist Ted Olsen, who has invented a cufflink that shoots tranquilizer darts. Frank learns through Ted that Nordberg's jacket tested positive for heroin.
Police Squad is put in charge of security for the visit of Queen Elizabeth II to Los Angeles, and Ed tells Frank that he has 24 hours to clear Nordberg before word gets out about what happened and detracts from the Queen's visit.
When Frank visits Ludwig in his office, Ludwig learns that Nordberg is still alive. Ludwig has his assistant, Jane Spencer, assist Frank in his investigation, and the two fall in love. However, Jane is unaware of her employer's illegal activities. After Frank leaves the office, Ludwig meets with Pahpshmir, a participant of the Beirut meeting, to discuss an assassination plot against the queen. Ludwig agrees to do it for $20 million, with Pahpshmir wondering how he plans to pull it off. Ludwig explains that using a beeper he will create the assassin using post-hypnotic suggestion. Ludwig attempts to have Nordberg killed at the hospital by hypnotizing a doctor. While Frank successfully protects Nordberg, in the ensuing chase the assassin crashes a car into a gasoline truck, then a ballistic missile, and finally a fireworks factory, causing Frank to fail to uncover the motive behind the attempted murder.
Frank breaks into Ludwig's office in his absence, searching for evidence. Although Frank finds a note from Pahpshmir addressed to Ludwig which confirms his suspicions, he inadvertently starts a fire that destroys the note and the office. Frank later has a run-in with one of Ludwig's men at his factory in a stockyard, and after that confronts Ludwig with his allegations at a reception for the Queen's arrival. Frank misinterprets Ludwig's presentation of a musket to the Queen as an attack and tries to protect her, but only causes more of a problem and is fired from Police Squad. Afterward, Jane finds out about the plot and tells Frank that the plan will be executed at a baseball game between the Seattle Mariners and the California Angels at Anaheim Stadium during the seventh inning stretch and that one of the players will perform the act.
The police squad arrives at the stadium. In order to search the players, Frank knocks the home plate umpire out with a baseball bat and takes his place, frisking the players for weapons while they are at bat. The seventh-inning stretch begins and Ludwig activates his "sleeper", Reggie Jackson. Jane alerts Frank, who chases after Jackson and tackles him, but Jackson manages to get away when Frank's action starts a bench-clearing brawl. Ludwig holds Jane at gunpoint as he begins to leave the stadium while Jackson takes aim at the Queen. Frank tries to incapacitate Jackson with one of his cufflink darts, but misses and hits a large woman on the upper deck. The woman falls over the railing and lands on Jackson, incapacitating him and saving the Queen's life.
Frank follows Ludwig to the top of the stadium and shoots Ludwig with the other cufflink dart, causing him to fall over the side of the stadium where he is struck by a passing bus, run over by a steamroller, and trampled by the USC marching band. Some of the band members inadvertently step on Ludwig's beeper, triggering Jane to attempt to kill Frank with Ludwig's gun. Frank breaks Jane's hypnotized state by openly professing his feelings for her and giving her an engagement ring. Frank and Jane meet Mayor Barkley, who reinstates Frank back to Police Squad, and a recovered Nordberg congratulates him – until Frank inadvertently pushes Nordberg's wheelchair down the stadium stairs and launches him onto the field.
Cast
Major League Baseball player Jay Johnstone has a cameo role as do umpire Joe West, Doug Harvey, Hank Robinson, Ken Kaiser and Ron Luciano. Professional announcers Curt Gowdy, Jim Palmer, Tim McCarver, Mel Allen, Dick Enberg, and Dick Vitale appear as play-by-play commentators. Dr. Joyce Brothers also appears in a cameo role as herself. John Houseman appears (uncredited) as a driving teacher.
Production
The film was shot at various locations in and around Los Angeles, California.
Principal photography was from February 22 to May 6, 1988.
Ricardo Montalban was chosen by the producers to play the villain after being included on a list of names assembled by the people in charge of casting the film. The Zucker brothers had seen his performance in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan.
Reception
Critical response
Upon its initial release, The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! received critical acclaim, and has since been regarded as one of the greatest comedy films of all time. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 86%, based on 57 reviews, with an average rating of 7.5/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "The Naked Gun is chock full of gags that are goofy, unapologetically crass, and ultimately hilarious." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 76 out of 100, based on 13 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film three-and-a-half stars (of four), and said: "The movie is as funny, let it be said, as any comedy released this year ... You laugh, and then you laugh at yourself for laughing."
It was voted the 14th best comedy of all time in a Channel 4 poll. The film was selected by The New York Times as one of The Best 1,000 Movies Ever Made. It was named the 7th Funniest Comedy Ever on a poll by Empire.
Box office
The film was released on December 2, 1988, and in its opening weekend, finished in first place at the box office in the United States and Canada, grossing $9.3 million. In its second weekend, it grossed $6.1 million, falling to second place behind the newly released Twins ($11.2 million).
The film went on to gross $78.8 million at the United States and Canada box office and $73.7 million overseas for a worldwide total of $152.4 million.
See also
Telefon (film)
References
External links
1988 films
1980s parody films
1980s police comedy films
1980s screwball comedy films
American crime comedy films
American slapstick comedy films
American screwball comedy films
American baseball films
Beirut in fiction
Cultural depictions of Elizabeth II
Cultural depictions of Fidel Castro
Cultural depictions of Idi Amin
Cultural depictions of Mikhail Gorbachev
Cultural depictions of Muammar Gaddafi
Cultural depictions of Ruhollah Khomeini
Cultural depictions of Yasser Arafat
Films scored by Ira Newborn
Films about Elizabeth II
Films directed by David Zucker (director)
Films set in Los Angeles
Paramount Pictures films
Films with screenplays by Jim Abrahams
Films with screenplays by David Zucker (filmmaker)
Films with screenplays by Jerry Zucker
Films with screenplays by Pat Proft
The Naked Gun
Los Angeles Angels
Seattle Mariners
1980s crime comedy films
1988 comedy films
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films about terrorism in the United States
Films about assassinations
Films set in Beirut
1980s English-language films
Films produced by Robert K. Weiss
1980s American films
Pyrmont, also referred to as Pyrmont House, is a residence located on Serpentine Road in Albany in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. It is one of the oldest buildings in Albany.
Description
It is built of granite and has nine bedrooms and outbuildings. The projecting wings have distinctive curvilinear parapeted gable and bay windows. The roof is made from hipped corrugated iron and topped with rendered brick decorative chimneys. Enclosed in a verandah the building is set on of low manicured gardens. Pyrmont is based on the South African Cape Dutch Colonial architectural design.
History
The building was established in 1858. The name Pyrmont is taken from the small principality in Prussia where Princess Helena of Waldeck and Pyrmont (the wife of Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany) was from.
Originally constructed as a home for local businessman and representative of P&O Shipping line, Thomas Meadows Gillam, it was later occupied by his son, William. In 1887 the property was purchased by Robert Andrew Muir, who later became Mayor of Albany.
By 1898 the building was being used as a school house by Ms McPherson, who was the principal, and in 1904 was the home of a dress making business. Late the same year the place was for sale.
George Hill acquired the property in 1911 for an estimated £2000 and then 24 hours later sold it to Edward Barnett, apart from a small part of the property which was kept for future development.
Following Barnett's death in 1952 the property was placed on the market, and sold to the Country Women's Association in 1953. The CWA opened Pyrmont as a club facility early the following year. Later they also acquired the adjoining block, which once held tennis courts, and used the area to build their hall. During this time the building was used as a boarding house for young teachers and the grounds used by primary school children as a play area. By 1966 the CWA could not long afford the upkeep and Pyrmont was sold to a local car dealership, Barnesby motors, which used it as a bulk spare parts store. Over a decade later the building was so dilapidated it was mooted for demolition but community opposition prevailed and the building was eventually sold to Robert and Lucy Winlow in 1981. The Winlows restored the building and it was later converted to a reception centre and restaurant by Nilla and John Spark in 1994.
The building was classified by the National Trust in 1977, and listed on the State Register of Heritage Places in 2002.
The Great Southern Development Commission currently occupies the building with offices for 13 staff.
See also
List of places on the State Register of Heritage Places in the City of Albany
References
Heritage places in Albany, Western Australia
1858 establishments in Australia
Serpentine Road, Albany
State Register of Heritage Places in the City of Albany
Helcystogramma klimeschi is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Ponomarenko and in 2001. It is found in Italy.
References
Moths described in 2001
klimeschi
Moths of Europe
Steel is a metal alloy that is composed principally of iron and carbon.
Steel may also refer to:
Specific iron alloys
Low alloy steel, steel alloyed with other elements
Carbon steel, also called plain carbon steel, a combination of iron and carbon
Damascus steel, a variety of steel used between 900 and 1600 for making swords
Stainless steel, a variety of steel containing at least 10.5% chromium
Steel grades
Steel grades, to classify steels by their composition and physical properties
AISI steel grades, American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) standard steel grades
Other metal objects
Firesteel for generating of sparks by impacts with flints
Honing steel, a rod used for realigning the microscopic edge of blades
Steel guitar, a special type of guitar and a special way of playing it
Steel, a device held against the strings when playing a steel guitar
Sword, sometimes termed "steel" in certain cultures
Steel belt, used in many industries such as food, chemical, wood processing and transportation.
Steel related
Steel abrasive, loose particles used for blast cleaning or to improve the properties of metal surfaces
People
Steel (surname)
Two American professional wrestlers who used the stage name Steel:
Sean Morley (born 1971)
Kevin Nash (born 1959)
Art and entertainment
Steel (comics), a name used by several fictional characters in DC Comics
Steel (video game), a 1989 science fiction shoot 'em up
Steel Brightblade, a fictional character in the Dragonlance novels
Steel, a fictional type of Pokémon in the gameplay of Pokémon
Film and television
Steel (1933 film), an Italian drama film directed by Walter Ruttmann
Steel (1979 film), a drama film directed by Steve Carver
Steel (1997 film), an American film based on the DC Comics character
Steel (2012 film), an Italian drama film directed by Stefano Mordini
Steel (TV channel), an Italian TV channel
"Steel" (The Twilight Zone), a 1963 television episode
Music
Steel (band), a power metal project by Dan Swanö and Opeth members
Steel (Battle Beast album), 2012
Steel (soundtrack), from the 1997 film
Other
Steel (pusher), a Finnish pusher vessel
Steel (web browser), a defunct web browser for Android
Steel blue, a dark blue-gray color
Steel Pier, an amusement boardwalk pier in Atlantic City, New Jersey
Southern Steel, a New Zealand netball team
See also
Steele (disambiguation)
Steal (disambiguation)
Dr. Steel (disambiguation)
Steel Town (disambiguation)
De Stijl
Sapphire & Steel, British television series
British Steel (album), album by Judas Priest
"One Step" is a song by English band Kissing the Pink, released as both a 7" and 12" single from their third studio album, Certain Things Are Likely (1986). Produced by Peter Walsh, "One Step" was released as the lead single from the album, peaking at No. 79 on the UK Singles Chart, and No. 5 on Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart. It also reached the Top 40 in Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands. The single features two tracks from their previous album What Noise (1984), "The Rain It Never Stops" and "Footsteps" as its B-side.
Despite the song's relative lack of success in the UK, it was performed on Top of the Pops.
Track listing
7" single
"One Step"
"Footsteps"
12" single
"One Step"
"The Rain It Never Stops"
"Footsteps"
Chart performance
References
External links
Kissing the Pink songs
1986 singles
1986 songs
Irene Tilka Taylor (née Silverstein May 28, 1902 – September 2, 1989) was a Missouri journalist, a public information specialist for the U.S. Women's Army Corps during World War II, and an Intelligence Officer after the war in Austria. During her career as a journalist, she reported on many major events such as the 1938 Windsor Wedding, the Spanish Civil War, life as an American Expat, and the evacuation of Americans during the start of World War II in Paris. She worked at a variety of newspapers including the St. Louis Post Dispatch and also was a correspondent for the Chicago Tribune, the New York Herald Tribune, New York Daily News and the United Press International.
Early life
Irene Silverstein was born in St. Joseph, Missouri in September 1902. She was the daughter of William and Bella Stone Silverstein, and the older sister of Harris Silverstein. Harris was two years younger than Irene and was born in 1904. Silverstein grew up in St. Joseph and attended Wyatt Elementary School and later Central High School.
In 1920, Silverstein ran away from home and went to Columbia, Missouri, the home of the University of Missouri. She wanted to go to the university's School of Journalism. Her parents thought that she would never stay, but she graduated in 1924 with a degree in advertising.
Pre-war journalism career
After graduating in 1924, Irene Silverstein moved to East St. Louis, Illinois. She got her first job with the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, and there, was assigned a weekly column. She also worked with the U.S. Junior Chamber of Commerce where she helped to edit their monthly publication that was called, Expansion.
After marrying Edmond Taylor, she and her husband moved to Paris, in 1928. She continued working for the St. Louis Post Dispatch and wrote a column about St. Louis natives and their lives as expats in Paris. She also worked for a variety of other newspapers including the Chicago Tribune, New York Herald-Tribune, New York Daily News, and United Press. At these newspapers, she was a stringer, which is a journalist who covers certain events and works for the newspaper on a part-time basis, at their branches in Paris.
A career in Paris
While in Paris, Silverstein had the opportunity to report on a variety of cultural and social events as well as influential world matters. She covered fashion and attended a fashion show for the first time. The Spanish Civil War took place while she was in Paris. She covered news that came from this war and its implications. Also, as an American living in Paris, with war fast approaching France, she covered the evacuation of American citizens back to the United States. Taylor also worked at CBS as an assistant to Eric Severied.
Celebrity, fashion, and media coverage
In 1938, Silverstein also covered the wedding of the Duke and Duchesse of Windsor in 1938. She was the only reporter allowed to enter the room in which they were married. She wrote a variety of articles on the couple, including the discussion of the Duchess' new hair bob, their financial endeavors and their political support while traveling.
Throughout her time in Paris, Silverstein also had the opportunity to cover fashion. She attended a variety of fashion shows and viewed different collections. She attended the Vera Borea Summer Collection of 1940, the Paquin Spring Collection of 1940, Bruyère Summer Collection of 1940, and the Molyneux Summer Collection of 1940. In her notes, preserved by the Missouri Historical Society for her article, she describes that, "1940 fashions stress above all courage, calm and stubborn determination that only the French know how to crystallize into productive revenue". Later stating, "the dressmaking industry of this country [France] has charted the course of feminine fashion for the next decade".
World and political coverage
In 1937, she had the opportunity to cover the confrontation between Leni Riefenstahl and Joseph Goebbels, two influential figures in the Nazi regime, who had ties to Hitler, and were involved in the creation of Nazi propaganda. She explains their relationship and conducted research on their relationship with Hitler and the movie that they created on the Olympic games of 1936.
She also covered the evacuation of Americans from France and other maritime disasters. She wrote one such article entitled "Survivors Crowd U.S. Rescue Ship: 284 Reach Bordeaux; 2 Lost Craft Part of Unconvoyed Fleet of 22". After the ship, the City of Mandalay, carrying passengers from Rangoon to Britain, had sent out an SOS, the Captain F.J. MacKenzie of the ship Independence Hall went out to aid the ship who was hit by a German U46. The ship ended up buckling. Some 284 passengers were saved before its destruction.
In 1940, on her journey back to America, Silverstein stumbled upon an exclusive story. The boat that she was on was being threatened to be shot at with a torpedo by a German U-Boat. While everyone on the ship was evacuated onto life rafts, she risked her life to obtain a copy of the messages that were exchanged between the two boats.
Transition back to America
After evacuating France, Silverstein moved to New York City and worked there for some time. She worked at United Press Radio as the Women's Editor. There, she reported on women's fashions and worked as a feature writer. She was also employed by CBS Radio where was the assistant to Adelaide Hawley.
Personal and family life
After moving to St. Louis and starting her first job, the then Irene Silverstein met Edmond Taylor. He was also a journalist and was working at the St. Louis Globe-Democrat at the time. They married in April 1927. They welcomed their first child, William, in January 1928. Soon afterwards, they moved to Paris, France, after Edmond had accepted a job with the Chicago Tribune. In 1930, the couple welcomed their second child, Caroline, while in France.
Silverstein and her husband divorced in 1936. They remained on good terms. Edmond Taylor went on to publish many books including The Strategy of Terror, and The Fall of Dynasties. He worked with the planning board at the Office of Strategic Services in India during World War II. After remarrying Anne Verena de Salis Taylor, he had two more children, and spent the rest of his life in France.
Caroline was diagnosed with Leukemia in her childhood and died in 1940, shortly before the Germans invaded France. Irene evacuated from Paris after the Germans invaded. She was on the last boat leaving France for the United States in 1941.
Military service
In 1943, with World War II continuing on, Irene Taylor decided to join the Women's Army Corps. She worked as a public information specialist.
Later on in her service with the Women's Army Corps, she was trained as to perform counterintelligence work. That year, in 1948, she was sent to Austria. In Austria, she continued using her journalistic skills. She was assigned to screen refugees and also help out with the intelligence reports by editing them. In 1952, after 4 years in Austria, Taylor was sent back to the United States. She began working on a history of the Office of Strategic Services. After 3 years, she returned to Austria, and continued screening refugees.
In 1956, after 13 years of being in the service, and reaching the position as major, Taylor retired from the army. Although she was no longer a major, she continued working as an intelligence analyst. Although this time, she worked in Italy. She continued this work until 1960.
In her time in the service, she had the opportunity to meet a variety of important military officials. She met General Dwight D. Eisenhower and General Omar Bradley. She even attended President Eisenhower's inauguration in 1952.
Late career
Irene Taylor then moved to Washington, D.C. Between 1962 and 1967, Taylor was worked for the Bureau of Supplies and Accounts, a department of the U.S. Navy, where she edited BUSANDA NEWS. At the same time, she was also working with the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. There, she was the assistant editor for their publication entitled, Aging.
Last years and death
After many years working and traveling, Taylor retired in 1967 to Columbia, Missouri, the city where she received her bachelor's degree. She hoped to receive her master's degree in Journalism, so, she began taking classes at the University of Missouri-Columbia. Although she did not end up getting her master's degree, she ended up taking classes that interested her.
Irene Taylor, a Mizzou Tigers fan, was the first women to join the Tiger Quarterback Club, in 1972. She consistently had season tickets to the Mizzou Football and Basketball games. Her dedication to the team even led her to follow the team out to the Orange Bowl, in 1969.
She also volunteered at the Harry S. Truman Memorial Veterans Hospital where she sat at the Information Desk and acted as a greeter. She also edited their publication, the Vet Gazette.
On September 2, 1989, Irene Taylor died.
References
University of Missouri alumni
1902 births
1989 deaths
In the United States, the Trustee Sale Guarantee (TSG) is the title guarantee that is issued at the beginning of a foreclosure. TSG helps the foreclosing trustee and beneficiary through the delivery of the information required in ensuring compliance with the statutes of foreclosure stipulated by the state.
Issuing the trustee sale guarantee is the start of a foreclosure process. It helps the lender and/or their private investment by providing information needed to ensure they follow federal law. The lender/private investor (the trustees) use a title company to issue the TSG, which give notice of the pending foreclosure. A Notice of Trustee's Sale notify homeowners and mortgage borrowers that their property will be sold at a trustee's sale on a specific date and at a specific location. The actual sale typically completes a non-judicial foreclosure. The highest bidder at a trustee's sale gets title to the property; if no one bids, the title to the property keeps with the foreclosing mortgage lender.
A valid foreclosure requires the following documents to be successful:
Record vesting current owner
Encumbrances, liens, and judgments bankruptcy information
Foreclosing mortgage priority
Verification of property address
Information on property tax
Newspaper publication entities
Parties needed to be notified of the foreclosure by law
The process of foreclosure starts when the trustor (borrower) defaults in the loan obligation performance to the lender. Each state prescribes particular or specific laws when it comes to the process of foreclosure and the notices required. The TSG is an assurance to both the lender and the foreclosure attorney against the losses that are incurred up to the balance of the loan as a result of the errors in the Trustee Sale Guarantee.
How long it takes and when it is ordered
The Trustee Sale Guarantee is issued and ordered at the beginning of the foreclosure process. The Lawyers Title offers or provides this report typically within two to three business days.
Information included in the TSG
Deed of trust(s) or mortgage recorded
Vesting of title and legal description to the property
Judicial district or city where the land is located
The foreclosure proceedings newspaper qualified publications
Addresses/names of the entities/people who must be provided with the foreclosure proceedings notice
Bankruptcies and property taxes
Liens and encumbrances on the property
Source:
Other documents and information for foreclosure lender or agent
Lien resolution and title issue
Centralized TSG processing for the state
Electronic report delivery and access
Recordings of documents during the process
Property documents and research for the bankruptcy preparation relief motion
The multiple updates to the title.
Source:
Trustee Sale Guarantee fee
The TSG fee corresponds or is based on the liability amount as well as the rates of schedule that is filed by the State Department of Insurance.
Procedures of Trustee Sale Guarantee
Provision of power-of-sale
The carryback seller or lender holding the note secured by the trust deed that is in default has two specific methods of foreclosure to enforce the secured debt collection
The judicial foreclosure sale (sheriff sale)
Non-judicial foreclosure sale (trustee sale)
Furthermore, the other security devices that may be used in creating a real estate lien to secure the debt that contains the provision of the power of sale are:
The contract of the land sale
The lease option sale
The UCC-1 statement of financing
The conditions, covenants, and restrictions of an association for assessments collection
Foreclosing under the provision of the power of sale allows the lien holder on the real estate to avoid the costly court actions for the judicial foreclosure should the owner default in a trust deed
Who conducts the sale
The Trustee Deed works like the safety equipment that holding the title to the property for the lienholder benefit until the debts have been fully secured by the deed. Therefore, the parties to a trust deed are; a trustor, trustee and beneficiary.
The trustee sale is done by the trustee who is named in the trust deed or the appointed one by the trust deed beneficiary at the time the process of foreclosure is initiated by the beneficiary. An attorney, broker, trust deed services, lender subsidiary or the lender may be appointed to act as the trustee (USA Today 2019). Trustees have the power of processing the foreclosure starting with the notice of default (NOD) recording and completing with the trustee's deed delivery and the sales proceeds delivery.
Trustee Sale Guarantee Guideline
The trustee in accordance to the Deed of Trust refers to an individual that is conducting the non-judicial foreclosure actions on a private capacity as well as not the state agent. Nonetheless, various state statutes exist that regulate the proceedings of the sale (First American Financial Corporation 2019). Particularly, the statutes provide for the notices to be provided to the parties that are affected by the process or conclusions of the foreclosure to the appropriate parties.
The Trustee Sale Guarantee provides the Trustee with the addresses and names of these parties. Additionally, the state law of California requires notices of the sale to be published in a general circulation published and printed newspaper in the judicial district or state as well as may designate a specifically qualified newspaper where the land that is to be sold is located.
The Guarantee provides a description of the relevant judicial district and city as well as may designate a particularly qualified newspaper (Stewart Title Guaranty Company 2009). The foreclosing beneficiary may want or wish to use the information of the title that is found in the Guarantee to assist in the making of financial decisions that are related to the foreclosure. Because the TSG is designed for the benefits of a foreclosing Trustee, such a trustee is always named as the assured. However, the foreclosing beneficiary may also be named as the Assured.
References
Bankruptcy
Foreclosure
Futuracha Pro is a typeface designed by Odysseas Galinos Paparounis.
The appearance of individual letters adjusts automatically depending on the words typed. The shape and design of the font, which has Art Deco stylings, were inspired by the movements of a cockroach.
References
Typefaces
Flow-FISH (fluorescent in-situ hybridization) is a cytogenetic technique to quantify the copy number of RNA or specific repetitive elements in genomic DNA of whole cell populations via the combination of flow cytometry with cytogenetic fluorescent in situ hybridization staining protocols.
Flow-FISH is most commonly used to quantify the length of telomeres, which are stretches of repetitious DNA (hexameric TTAGGG repeats) at the distal ends of chromosomes in human white blood cells, and a semi-automated method for doing so was published in Nature Protocols. Telomere length in white blood cells has been a subject of interest because telomere length in these cell types (and also of other somatic tissues) declines gradually over the human lifespan, resulting in cell senescence, apoptosis, or transformation. This decline has been shown to be a surrogate marker for the concomitant decline in the telomere length of the hematopoietic stem cell pool, with the granulocyte lineage giving the best indication, presumably due to the absence of a long lived memory subtype and comparatively rapid turnover of these cells.
Flow-FISH is also suitable for the concomitant detection of RNA and protein. This allows for the identification of cells that not only express a gene, but also translate it into protein. This type of Flow-FISH has been used to study latent infection of viruses such as HIV-1 and EBV, but also to track single cell gene expression and translation into protein.
Q-FISH to flow-FISH
Flow-FISH was first published in 1998 by Rufer et al. as a modification of another technique for analyzing telomere length, Q-FISH, that employs peptide nucleic acid probes of a 3'-CCCTAACCCTAACCCTAA-5' sequence labeled with a fluorescin fluorophore to stain telomeric repeats on prepared metaphase spreads of cells that have been treated with colcemid, hypotonic shock, and fixation to slides via methanol/acetic acid treatment Images of the resultant fluorescent spots could then be analyzed via a specialized computer program to yield quantitative fluorescence values that can then be used to estimate actual telomere length. The fluorescence yielded by probe staining is considered to be quantitative because PNA binds preferentially to DNA at low ionic salt concentrations and in the presence of formamide, thus the DNA duplex may not reform once it has been melted and annealed to PNA probe, allowing the probe to saturate its target repeat sequence (as it is not displaced from the target DNA by competing anti sense DNA on the complementary strand), thus yielding a reliable and quantifiable readout of the frequency of PNA probe target at a given chromosomal site after washing away of unbound probe.
Innovation
Unlike Q-FISH, Flow-FISH utilizes the quantitative properties of telomere specific PNA probe retention to quantify median fluorescence in a population of cells, via the use of a flow cytometer, instead of a fluorescence microscope. The primary advantage of this technique is that it eliminates the time required in Q-FISH to prepare metaphase spreads of cells of interest, and that flow cytometric analysis is also considerably faster than the methods required to acquire and analyze Q-FISH prepared slides. Flow-FISH thus allows for a higher throughput analysis of telomere length in blood leukocytes, which are a readily available form of human tissue sample. The most recent versions of the flow-FISH technique include an internal control population of cow thymocytes with a known telomere length detected by TRF or telomere restriction fragment analysis to which the fluorescence of a given unknown sample may be compared. Because cow thymocytes take up LDS751 dye to a lesser extent than their human counterparts, they may be reliably differentiated via plotting and gating the desired populations. Other cell types that have not in the past proven to be good candidates for flow-FISH can be analyzed via extraction of nuclei and performance of the technique on them directly.
References
Biochemistry methods
Gene expression
Flow cytometry
Lymphocytes
Telomeres
Crystal Lake is a Japanese metalcore band from Tokyo, formed in 2002. The band comprises guitarists Yudai Miyamoto and Hisatsugu Taji, bassist Mitsuru, and drummer Gaku Taura, who is a former member of Nocturnal Bloodlust. After Shinya Hori's departure, Miyamoto is the only member of the original line-up who remains in the band. Crystal Lake have released five studio albums. Their latest studio album, Helix, was released on 28 November 2018.
History
Formation and first releases (2002–2005)
Crystal Lake was formed in 2002 in Tokyo, Japan. Their first demo, Freewill, was released in February in time for the show in Korea which they were invited to by GMC Records. The second demo, One Word Changes Everything, came out in July, and a self-released four-track EP, also entitled Freewill was released in September with 1000 copies made and sold. In September 2003, Crystal Lake played five shows in Japan with Australian band Day of Contempt.
From March to June 2004, they toured with Loyal to the Grave and Extinguish the Fire. Following the end of the tour, the bands released a split album titled Blood of Judas on CD and DVD.
On 29 April 2005, the band released their second split album with Risen and Unboy titled 3 Way Split. They also toured in Malaysia.
Dimension and Taste of Chaos 2007 (2006–2007)
In February 2006, they performed at Independence D. On 5 July 2006, the band released their first studio album titled Dimension through Imperium Recordings. After the release of the album, they went on "Dimension Tour" in Japan.
In February 2007, they performed at Metal Presentation with Australian band I Killed the Prom Queen and Hatebreed on "Hatebreed Japan Tour" in March. In November 2007, they played on Rockstar's "Taste of Chaos" in Japan.
Third split album and Taste of Chaos 2008 (2008–2009)
In May 2008, they released their third split album on CD with the Japanese punk band Cleave. In November 2008, they performed again at Rockstar's "Taste of Chaos" in Japan.
In January 2009, they toured in Japan with Parkway Drive and Shai Hulud.
Into the Great Beyond and Nishimura's departure (2010–2011)
On 27 May 2010, Crystal Lake released free download demo Endeavor on their MySpace page. Crystal Lake also announced through MySpace, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube a new music video "Twisted Fate" from their upcoming second studio album titled Into the Great Beyond. On 11 June 2011, the founding vocalist Kentaro Nishimura left the band.
Line-up change and Cubes (2012–2015)
On 24 March 2012, the original drummer Yusuke Ishihara left the band. On 3 July, they announced their new vocalist Ryo Kinoshita on their Facebook page with a statement: "Today, we are pleased to announce the newest addition to the Crystal Lake Family, please give a warm welcome the new vocalist Ryo." The next day, the band announced that Gaku Taura will be their support on drums. They also announced that they were going to release a new single in summer. On 5 September, they released two new singles "The Fire Inside" and "Overcome" which was mixed and mastered by Brian Hood at 456 Recordings.
From 26 January to 1 February 2013, they toured with As Blood Runs Black and Confession. In May 2013, they toured with The Ghost Inside and Continents. After that they shared the stage with Emmure and they toured across Japan on the Sumerian Tour 2013 with Born of Osiris, Upon a Burning Body and Her Name in Blood. Later in 2013, the band went on a supporting tours for Coldrain, Her Name in Blood, Crossfaith, Before My Life Fails, SiM, and Totalfat.
On 9 February 2014, they played at the Scream Out Fest 2014 with The Devil Wears Prada, Periphery, The Word Alive, Fear, and Loathing in Las Vegas, and Her Name in Blood at Shinkiba Studio Coast, Tokyo. On 12 April, they played on the Monster Energy Outburn Tour 2014 with Coldrain, Crossfaith, and Miss May I in Sapporo.
Later in 2014, the band announced that their first EP titled Cubes via YouTube page, is set to release on 6 August 2014. A music video for the new song "Ups & Downs" was released on 28 July. On 4 August, a music video was released for their cover of Limp Bizkit's song "Rollin'". On 6 August, they released the new EP Cubes via Cube Records. Cubes debuted at #5 on the Oricon (Japanese music chart) indie weekly album chart, at #45 on the weekly album chart and at #27 on the daily album chart.
On 8 August, they headlined the "True North Project Tour", with support from Infection, Prompts, Sailing Before the Wind, Scarface, and Shark Ethic. They toured on the Crossfaith's "ACROSS THE FUTURE Tour" with We Came as Romans and While She Sleeps in September. On 25 October, they started their headlining tour "Cubes Tour" 2014. On 15 November, they performed at the Knotfest Japan 2014.
On 3 August 2015, it was announced that bassist Yasuyuki Kotaka had decided to leave the band due to his illness.
Signing to Artery Recordings, The Sign and True North (2015–2017)
On 7 September 2015, Crystal Lake announced they had signed to Artery Recordings in the U.S. and JPU Records in the UK and Europe and would be releasing their following third studio album The Sign on 7 October 2015 through these labels. On 30 November 2016, Crystal Lake released their fourth studio album True North. They later released two new singles, "Apollo" and "Machina" in 2017.
Signing to SharpTone Records and Helix (2018–2019)
Crystal Lake released the single and accompanying video for "The Circle" on 6 August 2018. The three-track release for The Circle was released on 8 August.
On 28 November, SharpTone Records announced that they had signed Crystal Lake to the label. The band released a new single and accompanying video for the song "Aeon". On the same day, the band released their fifth studio album, Helix, exclusively in Japan with an international release following in 2019. In 2019, Crystal Lake will support August Burns Red, Miss May I, and Fit for a King on "The Dangerous Tour" in North America. In March, the group went on Adept's Russian Tour as a warm up. They also headlined the 2019 "Never Say Die Tour" with In Hearts Wake, King, Our Hollow Our Home, Polar, Alpha Wolf, and Great American Ghost.
Hori's departure and The Voyages (2020–present)
On 8 July 2020, the band released a brand-new single titled "Watch Me Burn" and its corresponding music video. On 9 July, a day after the new release, the band announced that the founding rhythm guitarist Shinya Hori would be taking a hiatus for personal reasons.
On 3 August, the band re-released their song "Into the Great Beyond" from their second studio album of the same name alongside an accompanying music video. At the same time, the band announced that an album consisting of re-recorded material from their Kentaro Nishimura era, titled The Voyages, which released on 5 August 2020, while also revealing the album cover and the track list. On 21 November, the band officially announced that Hori's hiatus would become a permanent departure due to "personal reasons".
In July 2021, the band released the single "Curse", accompanied by an official music video for the song, uploaded onto their YouTube channel. Along with the music video, it was announced that touring members Gaku Taura, and Mitsuru were made official members of the band. Along with the addition of a new rhythm guitarist, Hisatsugu "TJ" Taji.
Ryo's departure
On 28 September 2022, the band announced that Ryo Kinoshita will leave Crystal Lake citing a struggle with adjustment disorder for the past 5 years.
Musical style
Crystal Lake's musical style has been described as metalcore, progressive metal, nu metal, and deathcore.
Members
Current
Yudai "YD" Miyamoto – lead guitar (2002–present); backing vocals (2012–present)
Gaku Taura – drums (2021–present; touring 2012–2021)
Mitsuru – bass (2021–present; touring 2017–2021)
Hisatsugu "TJ" Taji – rhythm guitar (2021–present)
Former
Ryo Kinoshita – lead vocals (2012–2022)
Seiji Nagasawa – bass (2002–2007)
Kentaro Nishimura – lead vocals (2002–2011)
Yusuke Ishihara – drums (2002–2012)
Yasuyuki Kotaka – bass (2007–2015)
Teruki Takahashi – bass (2015–2016)
Shinya Hori – rhythm guitar (2002–2020)
Touring musicians
Bitoku Sakamoto – bass (2015; 2016–2018)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Split albums
Compilation albums
Singles
Collaborations
Other appearances
Music videos
References
External links
Official website
Japanese metalcore musical groups
Deathcore musical groups
Progressive metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2002
2002 establishments in Japan
Musical groups from Tokyo
English-language musical groups from Japan
Praticolella berlandieriana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
References
Polygyridae
Gastropods described in 1833
Taxa named by Moïse Étienne Moricand
Sławomir Konrad Peszko (; born 19 February 1985) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Wieczysta Kraków.
Peszko has won championships and cup competitions in his native Poland with Wisła Płock, Lech Poznań and Lechia Gdańsk. Between 2011–2015 Peszko played abroad starting with a move to Germany with 1. FC Köln in 2011, and had short spells in England with Wolverhampton Wanderers, and Italy with Parma.
Peszko was a Polish international player for 10 years from 2008–2018 and represented Poland in the 2016 Euro's and the 2018 World Cup.
Career history
Club career
Peszko began his career in the youth ranks of Nafta Jedlicze before moving to Orlen Płock. Here, he made his professional debut on 28 August 2002 as a substitute in a Polish Cup tie against Jagiellonka Nieszawa. He made his league debut later on during the 2002–03 season and during the following campaign became a regular starter.
With Wisła Płock, he won both the Polish Cup and Supercup in 2006 and also featured for them in the qualifying rounds of that season's UEFA Cup competition. However, Płock were relegated in 2007 and Peszko remained with them for their I Liga campaign, during which he scored 16 goals in 26 appearances.
In June 2008 he returned to the top flight when he signed for Lech Poznań after his contract with Płock expired. His first season ended with him winning the Polish Cup for a second time, after he netted the only goal of the final against Ruch Chorzów. In his second season Peszko finished as the leading assist-maker in the league (with 14 assists), alongside his eight goals which helped the club win the league title.
Peszko moved to the Bundesliga in January 2011, initially signing for 1. FC Köln until the end of the season. He underwent a medical before joining the club, where it was discovered he has four kidneys. His contract was extended during the season, but his first full campaign with the club proved a troubled one as the club were relegated. Shortly before the end of the season, Peszko was arrested for drunken behaviour in a taxi, which earned him a €25,000 fine and saw him expelled from the Köln squad for their next fixture.
On 9 August 2012, Peszko joined English side Wolverhampton Wanderers on a season long loan deal. Here, he reunited with his former Köln manager Ståle Solbakken. In October 2012, he suffered a torn medial ligament that kept him out of action for three months. His first game back after the injury was a 1–0 loss against Luton Town in the FA Cup as a substitute in the 66th minute. Two hours after the defeat, Ståle Solbakken was sacked and then Peszko was deemed surplus to requirements by Dean Saunders. The season ended with Wolves getting relegated to League One and Peszko returning to Cologne.
On 31 July 2013, it was announced that 1. FC Köln had sold Peszko to the Italian club Parma, and loaned him back until the end of the 2013–14 season. After the season they got him back permanently.
He joined Lechia Gdańsk in 2015, where he won the 2018–19 Cup and 2019 Super Cup. After a final season where he made 18 appearances and scored 3 goals, in 2020 he terminated his contract due to unpaid wages.
On 15 June 2020, he joined amateur club Wieczysta Kraków on a professional deal.
International career
Peszko made his international debut for the Polish national team on 19 November 2008 in a 3–2 friendly win against the Republic of Ireland. He scored his first goal for Poland on 17 January 2010 in a 1–3 loss to Denmark.
In May 2018 he was named in Poland's preliminary 35-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Score and Result show Poland's goal tally first.
|-
| 1. || 17 January 2010 || 80th Birthday Stadium, Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand || || || || 2010 King's Cup
|-
| 2. || 29 March 2015 || Aviva Stadium, Dublin, Ireland || || || || UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying
|}
Honours
Wisła Płock
Polish Cup: 2005–06, runner-up 2002–03
Polish SuperCup: 2006
Lech Poznań
Ekstraklasa: 2009–10
Polish Cup: 2008–09
Polish SuperCup: 2009
Lechia Gdańsk
Polish SuperCup: 2019
Polish Cup: 2019
References
External links
Official club profile
Living people
1985 births
People from Jasło
Sportspeople from Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Association football midfielders
Wisła Płock players
Lech Poznań players
1. FC Köln players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Lechia Gdańsk players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Wieczysta Kraków players
Polish footballers
Poland international footballers
Polish expatriate footballers
Ekstraklasa players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
English Football League players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Polish expatriate sportspeople in England
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
UEFA Euro 2016 players
2018 FIFA World Cup players
Wisła Kraków players
Anton Larson (1873 – 1965) was a United States politician and state senator from North Dakota. He served two terms in the North Dakota House of Representatives from 1929 to 1930 and again from 1939 to 1940. He also served in the North Dakota Senate from 1931 to 1934. He lived in Temvik, North Dakota.
He died during 1965 and was buried at Saint Mary's Cemetery in Bismarck, North Dakota.
Political career
Larson represented the 26th Legislative District, which included Emmons County and Kidder County, and later just Emmons County.
References
Members of the North Dakota House of Representatives
North Dakota state senators
1873 births
1965 deaths
People from Emmons County, North Dakota
Mountain worship (sangaku shinko, ) is a faith that regards mountains as sacred and objects of worship.
Description
Mountain worship is a form of Nature worship that seems to have evolved from the reverence that ethnic groups closely associated with mountains, such as huntings and ethnic groups, have for mountainous terrain and the natural environment that accompanies it. This is a form of religion that seems to have evolved from the feelings of awe and reverence that people with close ties to mountains, such as the ethnic groups, have for mountainous areas and the natural environment. In mountain worship, there is a belief in the spiritual power of mountainous areas and a form of using the overwhelming feeling of the mountains to govern one's life.
These Faiths are mainly found in the Cultures of inland mountainous regions, where mountains with inhospitable, rugged terrain are essential for their development.
In areas with such beliefs, people depend on the River flowing from the mountains and the Forest spreading at the foot of the mountains for all their food, clothing, and shelter, and are constantly being blessed by the mountains they see. On the other hand, the people who hold these beliefs are in an environment where even the slightest carelessness in the rugged terrain and natural environment can lead to the loss of life. It is thought to be passed on as knowledge for one's own safety.
Cultural Areas with Mountain Beliefs
Korea, Yanbian Korean people
Tibetan people
Manchurian people
Yamato people
Nepal
Ladakh
Peru
Mountain worship in Japan
In Japanese Ko-Shintō, due to the blessings obtained from water sources, hunting grounds, mines, forests, and awe and reverence for the majestic appearance and volcanos, mountains and Mountains and mountains embracing forests are believed to be mountains where the god God resides or descends, and are sometimes called Iwakura or Iwasaka, the edge of the everlasting world (the land of the gods or divine realm) and The [[Iwakura rock sects There is also the idea of Yamagami Taikai, in which the Soul (Ancestral Spirit) of the deceased returns to the mountains (others include Umi Taikai and Chikyu Taikai). These traditions also remain in Shinto shrines, and there are some cases where the mountain itself is worshipped, such as Mount Ishizuchi, Suwa-taisha, and Mount Miwa. In rural areas, there is a belief that Yama-no-Kami descends to the village in Spring to become Ta-no-Kami, and returns to the mountain after the autumn harvest, in relation to being a water source.
Also in Buddhism, a high mountain called Sumisan is believed to rise at the center of the world, and Kukai founded Koya and Saicho founded Hiei Mount Hiei, the reverence for mountains grew even deeper. This is the reason why Buddhist temples even in the plains have Sangōji.
In Tibetan Buddhism, holy mountains are also objects of worship, but the faith is dedicated to the mountain itself, and climbing the mountain is often considered forbidden. In Japan, on the other hand, it is noteworthy that reaching the top of a mountain is considered important. Of course, the Japanese have faith in the mountain itself, but they also have a strong tendency to appreciate the God's Light that is worshipped early in the morning, probably because they have faith in what lies beyond the top of the mountain (the other world). In Japan, Sun worship as Animism is connected with mountain worship.
After that, Shugenjas and Yamabushis, who were descended from Esoteric Buddhism and Taoism, went deep into the mountains to practice asceticism in order to disconnect from the mundane world and achieve Enlightenment. This later gave rise to Shugendo and spell-like religions.
Main forms
The main forms of mountain worship in Japan can be summarized as follows.
Belief in Volcanoes
Fuji, Mt. Aso, Mt. Chokai, and other volcanoes are believed to have gods because of the fear of volcanic eruptions.
Belief in the mountain as a source of water
Belief in mountains, such as Mt. Hakusan, which can be a source of water to enrich the surrounding area.
Belief in a mountain where the spirits of the dead are said to gather
In Japan, there are many mountains such as Osorezan, Tsukiyama, Tateyama, Kumano Sanzan, etc. where the spirits of the dead are believed to go after death, and these mountains are sometimes the object of worship.
Belief in mountains where divine spirits are said to be
In the Buzen Province, Mount Miwa is the inner shrine of Usa Jingū, Ōmiwa Shrine, and Mount Ōmine is said to have been founded by En no Gyōja.
Mount Sobo]], located on the border between Bungo Country and Hyūga Country, has had an upper shrine on the summit and eight lower shrines at the foot of the mountain since the middle of the 7th century, according to Kojiki, Nihon Shoki, Emperor Jimmu's grandmother, Toyotama-hime, who appears in the Yamayokohiko and Umiyokohiko myths, is also said to be of the Okami lineage.
The Birth of Shugendo
It is worth mentioning that in Japan, mountain worship was combined with belief in ancient Shintoism and Buddhism (especially esoteric Buddhism such as Tendai-shu and Shingon-shu) to create a unique religion called "Shugendo". Shugendo is the practice of giving people the spiritual power of the mountains absorbed through ascetic practices, and is said to have been founded by Yaku Shokaku. Even today, ascetic monks (called Yamabushi or Shugenja) of the "Honzan" (Tendai sect) or "Tohzan" (Shingon sect) schools practice traditional Shugendo.
History
Mountain worship originally evolved from Animism of Nature worship, and took the form of Shinbutsu-shūgō until the end of the Edo period, when Shinbutsu-shūgō was banned by the [[Meiji (era) However, since the Separation of Buddhism and Shintoism after the Meiji (era), temples and shrines have been separated, including in the Three Mountains of Dewa, where Shugen of the Shingon esoteric Buddhism type was originally strong, and many of the main bodies of faith have taken the form of shrines. Many of the main body of beliefs survived in the form of shrines.
While the mountains were the object of worship as the divine realm, they also developed as the other realm where the spirits of the dead gathered, and where offerings to ancestral spirits such as Itako's Kuchiyose were made. In addition, it is customary for people to climb mountains as a manifestation of their faith, and even today, many people climb mountains, including those that are considered sacred sites.
Mountain worship in China
In China, Tai Shan, Heng Shan, Bulk Shan, Hua Shan, and Heng Shan are called the Five Mountains and are regarded as deities. Originally, it is thought to have been a mountain worship that believed in the mountain itself, but it has been transformed into one of the gods of Taoism through its association with Bango, myth and Five Elements. However, Mount Tai is still exceptional, not only as a holy place of Taoism, but also as a place of mountain worship with various forms of worship, such as the Tai Temple and Shigantou.
Modern impact of mountaineering and tourism
Mountaineering has become easier with the development of transportation and the availability of tools and equipment, and people from all walks of life have entered the mountains as sports, competitions, and tourisms. Faith, acts that pollute the natural environment such as leaving trash behind, and climbing accidents due to overconfidence can hurt the feelings of the residents of areas that respect mountain faith, such as Mount Everest and Uluru.
In some cases, local residents believe that they will be punished if they violate these religious prohibitions and hold large-scale festivals to appease the mountain, which further imposes a psychological as well as economic burden on local residents.
See also
Lords of the Three Mountains: Taoist Deities representing three mountains in Southern China.
Sansin, Korean mountain deities
Sacred mountains
References
Taro Wakamori, A Study of the History of Shugendo, Heibonsha [Toyo Bunko], 1972. . Kawade Shobo, 1943.
Miyake, Jun, Shugendo: Its History and Practice, Kodansha [Kodansha Academic Library], 2001. .
Miyake, Jun, Studies in Omine Shugendo, Kosei Shuppansha, 1988.
Jun Miyake, Shugendo and Japanese Religion, Shunjusha, 1995.
Jun Miyake (ed.), An Invitation to Mountain Shugen: Spiritual Mountains and the Experience of Asceticism, Shinjin-Oraisha, 2011, .
Gorai Shigeru, Religion in the Mountains, Awakosha, 1970.
Akihide Suzuki, Shugendo: A Collection of Historical and Ethnographic Essays, 3 volumes, Hozokan, 2003–2004.
Kesao Miyamoto, Tengu to Shugenja (Tengu and Shugenja), Jinbunshiin, 1989.
Yasuaki Togawa, A Study of Dewa Sanzan Shugendo, Kosei Shuppansha, 1973.
Haruki Kageyama, Shintai-zan (Mt. Shintai), Gakusei-sha (New edition), 2001 (1971) (in Japanese).
Satoru Nagano, A Historical-Geographical Study of Hidehiko-yama Shugendo, Meishu Shuppan, 1987.
Masataka Suzuki, Mountains, Gods and People: The World of Mountain Belief and Shugendo, Awakosha, 1991.
"Mountain Beliefs: Exploring the Roots of Japanese Culture," by Masataka Suzuki, Chuokoron Shinsha [Chuko Shinsho], 2015.
Masataka Suzuki, "Mountain Beliefs in Japan," Takarajimasya [Bessatsu Takarajima 2373], 2015.
Akihide Suzuki, Shugendo Historical and Ethnographic Review, 3 volumes, Hozokan, 2003–2004.
Iwashina Koichiro, "History of Fuji-kō," Meisho Shuppan, 1985.
"Studies in the History of Mountain Religions," 18 volumes, Meisho Shuppan, 1975–1984.
"History of Wazuka Town," Vol. 1.
External links
日本山岳修験学会
Shinto
Mountain faith
Pages with unreviewed translations
Shinto cults
Patrick Thomas Leal (born February 21, 2003) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Italian team Venezia. Earlier, he played for Sporting CP.
Career
He spent one year with the New England Revolution youth academy. He has secured 7 goals in 25 appearances for the New England Revolution's under-14 team during the 2016-17 season. Leal was with Belenenses SAD for a year before signing with Sporting in October 2018.
In September 2019, Patrick signed a five-year professional contract with Sporting. He trained mainly with Sporting's youth teams. He assisted twice in Sporting under-17's 4-0 victory over Caldas. He holds a European Union passport, making him eligible to play for any European team. He currently plays for Venezia F.C. in Italy. Patrick earned a call-up to the United States under-14 team in 2017.
Personal life
He is originally from Newton, Massachusetts. Patrick resides in Venice, Italy. His twin brother, Matthew Leal is also a soccer player who represents Casa Pia AC. He is of Portuguese descent through his father, and holds a Portuguese passport.
References
2003 births
American soccer players
American people of Portuguese descent
Association football midfielders
Living people
Soccer players from Massachusetts
Serie A players
Venezia F.C. players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
Hawkinsville, California is an unincorporated community located about two miles (3.2 km) north of Yreka. It is 2,490 feet (759 m) above sea level.
2016 Grade Fire
On August 24, 2016, a fire broke out near the community and burned over 400 acres just two miles north of town.
References
External links
Hawkinsville Hall Association Facebook page
Unincorporated communities in Siskiyou County, California
Unincorporated communities in California
Yên Định may refer to:
Yên Định District in Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam
Yên Định, Bắc Giang in Sơn Động District, Bắc Giang Province, Vietnam
Yên Định, Nam Định, the district capital of Hải Hậu District, Nam Định Province, Vietnam
KFF Jakova () is a women's football club based in Gjakova, Kosovo. The club competes in Kosovo Women's Football League which is the top tier of women's football in the country. Their home ground is the Gjakova City Stadium which has a seating capacity of 6,000.
See also
List of football clubs in Kosovo
References
Football clubs in Kosovo
Women's football clubs in Kosovo
Andrei Mikhailovich Driessen (born 15 December 1997) is a Russian born New Zealand Professional Boxer. He is a 2 division New Zealand Champion holding the Pro Box NZ Middleweight title and PBCNZ Super Welterweight title, IBF Pan Pacific Middleweight champion and WBO Global Middleweight champion.
Early life
Mikhailovich and his twin brother was born in Russia but was adopted from an orphanage in 1999 when they were 18 months old.
Amateur Boxing
Mikhailovich amateur has been described as decent. During his amateur career he competed in multiple New Zealand National championships and has won the North Island Golden Gloves Championships. It was at an amateur boxing event where he me his current coach and manager Isaac Peach.
Professional Boxing
Professional Debut, Gunnar Jackson Rivalry, New Zealand Champion 2018 - 2020
In April 2018, Mikhailovich made his professional boxing debut against Rob Ramsey. In the first 12 months of his professional boxing career, he defeated many credible opponents including Jerome Pascua, former WBA PABA and New Zealand Champion Adrian Taihia and former IBO Oceania Champion Chase Haley. In this time Mikhailovich fought multiple journeyman as well including Simon Julian and former New Zealand champion Daniel Maxwell.
In August 2019, Mikhailovich fought against his first major rival, former top 10 in the WBO Gunnar Jackson. The fight against Jackson was considered a grudge match as Mikhailovich called out Jackson earlier in the year. On top of that, Mikhailovich coach Isaac Peach has beaten Jackson in a past as a professional boxer. After ten rounds, Mikhailovhich won the fight by unanimous decision, almost winning every round against Jackson, securing himself his first professional boxing belt winning the New Zealand National (Pro Box NZ version) Middleweight title. After the fight, Jackson announced that he has retired from professional boxing.
In November 2020, Mikhailovich fought and defeated Marcus Heywood by unanimous decision for his second New Zealand title, but this time the PBCNZ version in the Super Welterweight division. In April 2021, he defended the title successfully against former New Zealand champion Shay Brock, winning the fight by TKO.
Alex Hanan Rivalry, Regional titles 2021 - Present
In June 2021, Mikhailovich fought Alex Hanan (now known as Alex Walters) in a grudge match. The Rivalry started in July 2018 with Alex making comments about Andrei Mikhailovich in an interview with New Zealand YouTube Boxing Channel Gladrap. Mikhailovich responded with his own comments in December 2018 in his own interview with Gladrap saying “I want to fight you, I always wanted to fight you, and when I do I will back you up and probably knock you out”. Mikhailovich had a war of words with Alex at the press conference for their fight in May 2021 with Mikhailovich responding "Call me daddy... I'll f*** you up". Right before the fight directly after the referee gave his last words before the fight, Alex landed a cheap gut shot to Mikhailovich. However, it did not affect Mikhailovich as he won the fight by TKO in the second round. Everything to do with the fight from the press conference, to the gutt punch pre fight, to the stoppage itself went viral over the internet, reaching millions of viewers.
In 2022, it was confirmed that Mikhailovich and his stablemate from Peach Boxing Jerome Pampellone signed a long term promoter agreement with Dean Lonergan. In April 2022, Mikhailovich took on 2002 Commonwealth Games light welterweight bronze medallist and Olympian King Davidson. It didn't take Mikhailovich as he landed less than 4 punches to knockout Davidson in less than a minute and fifteen second in the first round. In June 2022, Mikhailovich took on his next international opponent from Venezuela Ernesto Espana. Mikhailovich won the fight by third round stoppage winning his first regional titles including the IBF Pan Pacific middleweight title and WBO Global middleweight title. In June 2022, Mikhailovich made his debut in the world rankings in the Middleweight division with him reaching 13th in the IBF and 12th in the WBO.
Exhibition Boxing
In November 2019, Mikhailovich fought in China against their National Champion. The opponent was 10 kgs heavier then Mikhailovich.
Titles
Amateur
2016 Golden Gloves North Island Championship (Gold)
Professional
Pro Box NZ
New Zealand National Middleweight Title
New Zealand Professional Boxing Commission
New Zealand National Super Welterweight Title
International Boxing Federation
IBF Pan Pacific Middleweight Title
World Boxing Organisation
WBO Global Middleweight Title
Professional Boxing Records
Professional boxing record
Awards
2019 New Zealand Boxing Awards Boxer of the Year (Nominated)
2019 New Zealand Boxing Awards Male Boxer of the Year (Nominated)
2019 New Zealand Boxing Awards New Zealand Fight of the year (Nominated)
2019 New Zealand Boxing Awards Knockout of the year (Won)
2019 New Zealand Boxing Awards Champion of the year (Nominated)
2019 New Zealand Boxing Awards Most Entertaining boxer of the Year (Won)
2020 New Zealand Boxing Awards Most Entertaining boxer of the Year (Won)
2021 New Zealand Boxing Awards Most Entertaining boxer of the Year (Won)
2021 New Zealand Boxing Awards New Zealand Fight of the year (Won)
2021 New Zealand Boxing Awards Knockout of the year (Won)
Personal life
Mikhailovich is married and is a father of two boys
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Boxers from Auckland
New Zealand male boxers
New Zealand people of Russian descent
Light-middleweight boxers
Middleweight boxers
New Zealand professional boxing champions
Russian boxers
Aiken Standard is a daily newspaper published from Aiken, South Carolina, United States. It was established in 1867. It was called the Aiken Press.
The newspaper passed through the hands of several owners during the 1800s. One of the paper's most prominent early owners was James F. Byrnes. Byrnes, who was a congressman, U.S. senator, South Carolina governor, U.S. Secretary of State, Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court and “Assistant” to the President of the United States.
Under Byrnes and his partner, Alva Lorenz, the Journal and Review developed into Aiken's main newspaper. Byrnes and Lorenz operated the Journal and Review until 1912, when Lorenz bought out Byrnes' interest in the newspaper.
In 1953, Lorenz sold the newspaper to Benjamin Josey King and his wife, Annie Howell King. The Kings already owned a weekly newspaper called the Aiken Standard. The Kings merged the two papers to create the Aiken Standard and Review. The Aiken Standard and Review operated in a small building on Richland Avenue, using Linotype machines and hot lead production methods that had been common in newspaper plants for many decades.
The Evening Post Publishing Company of Charleston purchased the newspaper in 1968. Construction of a modern, newspaper publishing plant, which featured a new offset press, was begun at once, and was completed, equipped and occupied within a year. The newspaper closed out the old operation with its issue of Friday, September 26, 1969, and published its first issue from the new plant on September 29, 1969. By this time, the newspaper's name had been shortened, and it became the Aiken Standard of today.
Samuel A. Cothran was the modern Aiken Standard's first Publisher and Editor. Under the leadership of Mr. Cothran, in 1985 a new, faster and larger press was installed, and almost simultaneously a Sunday morning edition was introduced. He remained Publisher and Editor until his retirement in 1989.
In April 1989, Scott B. Hunter became the new Publisher of the Aiken Standard. On August 19, 1989, the first Saturday morning edition was produced.
The Evening Post Industries owns the Aiken Standard, the Post and Courier in Charleston, and other daily and non-daily right leaning newspapers and television stations throughout the country.
In December 2013, Ellen C. Priest became President and Publisher of the Aiken Standard, replacing Scott Hunter who retired that month.
External links
Official website
https://archive.today/20150119034918/http://www.aikenstandard.com/about
Newspapers published in South Carolina
1867 establishments in South Carolina
Grazia Pierantoni-Mancini (born 1841-1843; died 1915) was an Italian writer and the wife of Augusto Pierantoni.
References
19th-century Italian women writers
19th-century Italian writers
Italian-language poets
Italian women dramatists and playwrights
Italian women poets
Italian women short story writers
1915 deaths
1841 births
A licensed mariner is a sailor who holds a license from a maritime authority to hold senior officer-level positions aboard ships, boats, and similar vessels. Qualification standards for licensed mariners are universally set by the STCW Convention adopted and promulgated by the International Maritime Organization (IMO), while the licenses of individual sailors are issued by the delegated maritime authorities of the member states of the IMO; these may vary in the details of the implementation, including the government agency responsible for licensing and the local names of the grades and qualifications in each particular country.
Mariners that do not have a license are referred to as unlicensed mariners or ratings.
Licensing by country
In the United States, the United States Coast Guard grants licenses to members of the United States Merchant Marine in five categories: deck officers, engineers, staff officers, radio officers, and pilots. The United States Coast Guard has replaced paper licenses with the Merchant Mariners Credential which is a combination of the former Merchant Marine Officers license and Merchant Mariners Document in a small book that looks similar to a passport. Several States within the United States issue a state mariners license for use upon non-federal inland waters. Most of these states honor USCG Merchant Marine licenses as an alternative to state licensing. State licensing programs closely follow the federal guidelines for issuance of these licenses, including the requirements concerning professional maritime training and experience.
In the United Kingdom, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency issue licenses, known as Certificates of Competency, in a similar fashion under the amended STCW convention.
Types
Deck officers
There are a wide variety of licenses for deck officers, with restrictions of geography and tonnage. Licenses without such restrictions are called unlimited as in Third Mate or Officer of the Watch, Unlimited. The grades of unlimited licenses are:
Master's License for masters and lower grades.
Chief Mate's License for chief mates and lower grades.
Second Mate's License qualifies the holder as second mate or third mate.
Third Mate's License qualifies the holder as third mate.
Mariner licenses range from large to small vessels. Smaller charter boat operators may have a charter boat license or a certificate under the Large Yacht Code.
Engineers
Licenses are issued in the grades of:
Chief Engineer
First Assistant Engineer
Second Assistant Engineer
Third Assistant Engineer
Chief Engineer (limited)
Assistant Engineer (limited)
Designated duty engineer
Chief Engineer (uninspected fishing industry vessels)
Assistant Engineer (uninspected fishing industry vessels)
Staff officers
Staff officers are issued a Certificate of Registry in the following grades:
Chief purser
Purser
Senior assistant purser
Junior assistant purser
Medical doctor
Professional nurse
Marine physician assistant
Hospital corpsman
Radio officers
Radio officer
Pilots
Pilot licenses vary with tonnage and geography. Types of pilot's licenses are:
General routes (routes not restricted to rivers, canals and small lakes)
River routes
Canal and small lakes routes
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20160201080824/http://cfr.regstoday.com/46cfr11.aspx#46_CFR_11p807
See also
Seafarer's professions and ranks
Master mariner#United States
United States Coast Guard Charter Boat Captain's license
Nautical terminology
Merchant navy
Water transport
Jacobstowe is a village and civil parish on the west bank of the River Okement, about north of Okehampton in the West Devon district of Devon, England.
The village is in the A3072 road that links Copplestone with Lamerton Cross, at the junction where it is joined by the B3216 road from Basset's Cross. National Cycle Route 27 and the Tarka Trail public footpath pass through the village.
The 2011 Census recorded the parish's population as 194.
There was never a pub here as many people believe.
Parish church
The oldest parts of the Church of England parish church of St James date from the 12th century. The building was largely rebuilt in the 15th century, and restored in 1902–03. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The west tower has a ring of five bells. The fourth bell was cast in Exeter in about 1499. The Pennington family of bellfounders of Stoke Climsland, Cornwall cast the second bell in 1781 and the tenor in 1807. Llewellins and James of Bristol cast the third bell in 1884. John Taylor & Co of Loughborough cast the treble in 1904.
References
External links
Exbourne with Jacobstowe
Civil parishes in Devon
Villages in Devon
The Crime Writers of Canada Awards of Excellence, formerly known as the Arthur Ellis Awards, are a group of Canadian literary awards, presented annually by the Crime Writers of Canada for the best Canadian crime and mystery writing published in the previous year. The award is presented at a gala dinner in the year following publication.
The awards were named for Arthur Ellis, the pseudonym of Canada's official hangman.
In 2021 the Crime Writers of Canada announced that they were retiring Arthur Ellis's name from the awards, renaming them to their current name.
Best Novel
1984 - Eric Wright, The Night the Gods Smiled
1985 - Howard Engel, Murder Sees the Light
1986 - Eric Wright, Death in the Old Country
1987 - Edward O. Phillips, Buried on Sunday
1988 - Carol Shields, Swann
1989 - Chris Scott, Jack
1990 - Laurence Gough, Hot Shots
1991 - L. R. Wright, A Chill Rain in January
1992 - Peter Robinson, Past Reason Hated
1993 - Carsten Stroud, Lizardskin
1994 - John Lawrence Reynolds, Gypsy Sins
1995 - Gail Bowen, A Colder Kind of Death
1996 - L.R. Wright, Mother Love
1997 - Peter Robinson, Innocent Graves
1998 - William Deverell, Trial of Passion
1999 - Nora Kelly, Old Wounds
2000 - Rosemary Aubert, The Feast of Stephen
2001 - Peter Robinson, Cold is the Grave
2002 - Michelle Spring, In the Midnight Hour
2003 - Rick Mofina, Blood of Others
2004 - Giles Blunt, The Delicate Storm
2005 - Barbara Fradkin, Fifth Son
2006 - William Deverell, April Fool
2007 - Barbara Fradkin, Honour Among Men
2008 - Jon Redfern, Trumpets Sound No More
2009 - Linwood Barclay, Too Close to Home
2010 - Howard Shrier, High Chicago
2011 - Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead
2012 - Peter Robinson, Before the Poison
2013 - Giles Blunt, Until the Night
2014 - Seán Haldane, The Devil's Making
2015 - C. C. Humphreys, Plague: Murder Has a New Friend
2016 - Peter Kirby, Open Season
2017 - Donna Morrissey, The Fortunate Brother
2018 - Peter Robinson, Sleeping in the Ground
2019 - Anne Emery, Though the Heavens Fall
2020 - Michael Christie, Greenwood
2021 - Will Ferguson, The Finder
Best First Novel
1987 - Medora Sale, Murder on the Run
1988 - Laurence Gough, The Goldfish Bowl
1989 - John Brady, A Stone of the Heart
1990 - John Lawrence Reynolds, The Man Who Murdered God
1991 - Carsten Stroud, Sniper's Moon
1992 - Paul Grescoe, Flesh Wound
1993 - Sean Stewart, Passion Play
1994 - Gavin Scott, Memory Trace
1995 - Sparkle Hayter, What's A Girl Gotta Do?
1996 - (tie) John Spencer Hill, The Last Castrato and D.H. Toole, Moonlit Days and Nights
1997 - C. C. Benison, Death At Buckingham Palace
1998 - Kathy Reichs, Déja Dead
1999 - Liz Brady, Sudden Blow
2000 - Andrew Pyper, Lost Girls
2001 - Mark Zuehlke, Hands Like Clouds
2002 - Jon Redfern, The Boy Must Die
2003 - James W. Nichol, Midnight Cab
2004 - Jan Rehner, Just Murder
2005 - Jon Evans, Dark Places
2006 - Louise Penny, Still Life
2007 - Anne Emery, Sign of the Cross
2008 - Liam Durcan, Garcia's Heart
2009 - Howard Shrier, Buffalo Jump
2010 - Alan Bradley, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie
2011 - Avner Mandelman, The Debba
2012 - Ian Hamilton, The Water Rat of Wanchai
2013 - Simone St. James, The Haunting of Maddy Clare
2014 - J. Kent Messum, Bait
2015 - Steve Burrows, A Siege of Bitterns
2016 - Ausma Zehanat Khan, The Unquiet Dead
2017 - Elle Wild, Strange Things Done
2018 - Dave Butler, Full Curl
2019 - A.J. Devlin, Cobra Clutch
2020 - Philip Elliott, Nobody Moves
2021 - Guglielmo D'Izzia, The Transaction
Best Novella
2013 - Lou Allin, Contingency Plan
2014 - Melodie Campbell, The Goddaughter's Revenge
2015 - Jas R. Petrin, A Knock on the Door
2016 - Jeremy Bates, Black Canyon
2017 - Rick Blechta, Rundown
2018 - Mike Culpepper, How Lon Pruitt Was Found Murdered in an Open Field with No Footprints Around
2019 - John Lawrence Reynolds, Murder Among the Pines
2020 - Wayne Arthurson, The Red Chesterfield
2021 - Sam Wiebe, Never Going Back
Best Crime Book in French
2000 - Lionel Noël,
2001 - Norbert Spehner,
2002 - Anne-Michèle Lévesque,
2003 - Jacques Côté,
2004 - Jean Lemieux,
2005 - Ann Lamontagne,
2006 - Gérard Galarneau,
2007 - No award given
2008 - Mario Bolduc,
2009 - Jacques Côté,
2010 - Jean Lemieux,
2011 - Jacques Côté,
2012 - Martin Michaud,
2013 - Mario Bolduc,
2014 - Maureen Martineau,
2015 - Andrée A. Michaud,
2016 - Luc Chartrand,
2017 - Marie-Ève Bourassa,
2018 - Marie Saur,
2019 - Hervé Gagnon,
2020 - Andrée A. Michaud,
2021 - Roxanne Bouchard,
Best Juvenile or Young Adult Crime Book
1994 - John Dowd, Abalone Summer
1995 - James Heneghan, Torn Away
1996 - Norah McClintock, Mistaken Identity
1997 - Linda Bailey, How Can a Frozen Detective Stay Hot on the Trail?
1998 - Norah McClintock, The Body in the Basement
1999 - Norah McClintock, Sins of the Father
2000 - Linda Bailey, How Can a Brilliant Detective Shine in the Dark?
2001 - Tim Wynne-Jones, The Boy in the Burning House
2002 - Norah McClintock, Scared to Death
2003 - Norah McClintock, Break and Enter
2004 - Graham McNamee, Acceleration
2005 - Carrie Mac, The Beckoners
2006 - Vicki Grant, Quid Pro Quo
2007 - Sean Cullen, Hamish X and the Cheese Pirates
2008 - Shane Peacock, Eye of the Crow
2009 - Sharon E. McKay, War Brothers
2010 - Barbara Haworth-Attard, Haunted
2011 - Alice Kuipers, The Worst Thing She Ever Did
2012 - Tim Wynne-Jones, Blink & Caution
2013 - Shane Peacock, Becoming Holmes
2014 - Elizabeth MacLeod, Bones Never Lie
2015 - Sigmund Brouwer, Dead Man's Switch
2016 - Stephanie Tromly, Trouble Is a Friend of Mine
2017 - Gordon Korman, Masterminds
2018 - Linwood Barclay, Chase: Get Ready to Run
2019 - Linwood Barclay, Escape
2020 - Tom Ryan, Keep This to Yourself
2021 - Frances Greenslade, Red Fox Road
Best Crime Nonfiction
1985 - Martin Friedland, The Trials of Israel Lipsky
1986 - Maggie Siggins, A Canadian Tragedy
1987 - Elliott Leyton, Hunting Humans
1988 - Gary Ross, Stung
1989 - Mick Lowe, Conspiracy of Brothers
1990 - Lisa Priest, Conspiracy of Silence
1991 - Susan Mayse, Ginger: The Life and Death of Albert Goodwin
1992 - William Lowther, Arms and the Man
1993 - Kirk Makin, Redrum the Innocent
1994 - David R. Williams, With Malice Aforethought
1995 - Michael Harris, The Prodigal Husband
1996 - Lois Simmie, The Secret Lives of Sgt. John Wilson
1997 - Jean Monet, The Cassock and the Crown
1998 - Patricia Pearson, When She Was Bad
1999 - Derek Finkle, No Claim to Mercy
2000 - Gordon Sinclair, Jr., Cowboys and Indians
2001 - A.B. McKillop, The Spinster and the Prophet
2002 - {tie) Stevie Cameron and Harvey Cashore, The Last Amigo and Andrew Nikiforuk, Saboteurs
2003 - Andrew Mitrovica, Covert Entry
2004 - Julian Sher and William Marsden, The Road to Hell
2005 - Matthew Hart, The Irish Game
2006 - Rebecca Godfrey, Under the Bridge
2007 - Brian O'Dea, High
2008 - Julian Sher, One Child at a Time
2009 - Michael Calce and Craig Silverman, Mafiaboy
2010 - Terry Gould, Murder Without Borders
2011 - Stevie Cameron, On the Farm
2012 - Joshua Knelman, Hot Art
2013 - Steve Lillebuen, The Devil's Cinema
2014 - no award presented
2015 - Charlotte Gray, The Massey Murder
2016 - Dean Jobb, Empire of Deception: The Incredible Story of a Master Swindler Who Seduced a City and Captivated the Nation
2017 - Jeremy Grimaldi, A Daughter's Deadly Deception: The Jennifer Pan Story
2018 - Trevor Cole, The Whisky King: The remarkable true story of Canada's most infamous bootlegger and the undercover Mountie on his trail
2019 - Sarah Weinman, The Real Lolita: The Kidnapping of Sally Horner and the Novel that Scandalized the World
2020 - Charlotte Gray, Murdered Midas: A Millionaire, His Gold Mine, and a Strange Death on an Island Paradise
2021 - Justin Ling, Missing from the Village
Best Crime Short Story
1988 - Eric Wright, "Looking for an Honest Man", in Cold Blood: Murder in Canada
1989 - Jas. R. Petrin, "Killer in the House", in Alfred Hitchcock Mystery Magazine, December 1988
1990 - Josef Skvorecky, "Humbug", in The End of Lieutenant Boruvka
1991 - Peter Robinson, "Innocence", in Cold Blood III
1992 - Eric Wright, "Two in the Bush", in Christmas Stalkings
1993 - Nancy Kilpatrick, "Mantrap", in Murder, Mayhem, and the Macabre
1994 - Robert J. Sawyer, "Just Like Old Times", in On Spec, Summer 1993
1995 - Rosemary Aubert, "The Midnight Boat to Palermo", in Cold Blood IV
1996 - Mary Jane Maffini, "Cotton Armour", in Ladies Killing Circle
1997 - Richard K. Bercuson, "Dead Run", in Storyteller, Winter 1996-97
1998 - Sue Pike, "Widow's Weeds", in Cottage Country Killers
1999 - Scott Mackay, "Last Inning", in Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine, February 1998
2000 - Matt Hughes, "One More Kill", in Blue Murder Magazine, December 1999
2001 - Peter Robinson, "Murder in Utopia", in Crime Through Time III2002 - Mary Jane Maffini, "Sign of the Times", in Fit to Die2003 - James Powell, "Bottom Walker", in Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine, May 2002
2004 - Gregory Ward, "Dead Wood", in Hard Boiled Love2005 - Leslie Watts, "Crocodile Tears", in Revenge: A Noir Anthology2006 - Rick Mofina, "Lightning Rider", in Murder in Vegas2007 - Dennis Richard Murphy, "Fuzzy Wuzzy", in Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine, August 2006
2008 - Leslie Watts, "Turners", in Kingston Whig-Standard, July 7, 2007
2009 - Pasha Malla, "Filmsong", in Toronto Noir2010 - Dennis Richard Murphy, "Prisoner in Paradise", in Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine2011 - Mary Jane Maffini, "So Much in Common", in Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine2012 - Catherine Astolfo, "What Kelly Did"
2013 - Yasuko Thanh, "Spring-blade Knife" in Floating Like The Dead2014 - Twist Phelan, "Footprints in Water"
2015 - Margaret Atwood, "Stone Mattress"
2016 - Jeremy Bates, "Black Canyon"
2017 - Susan Daly, "A Death at the Parsonage"
2018 - Catherine Astolfo, "The Outlier"
2019 - Linda L. Richards, "Terminal City"
2020 - Peter Sellers, "Closing Doors"
2021 - Marcelle Dubé, "Cold Wave, Sisters in Crime"
Best Unpublished First Novel - "Unhanged Arthur"
First awarded in 2007 as part of the CWC mandate to recognize and promote the careers of promising new crime writers.
2007 - Phyllis Smallman, "Margarita Nights"
2008 - D.J. McIntosh, "The Witch of Babylon"
2009 - Douglas A. Moles, "Louder"
2010 - Gloria Ferris, "The Corpse Flower"
2011 - John Jeneroux, "Better Off Dead"
2012 - Sam Wiebe, "Last of the Independents"
2013 - Coleen Steele, "Sins Revisited"
2014 - Rachel Greenaway, "Cold Girl"
2015 - Elle Wilde, "Strange Things Done"
2016 - Jayne Barnard, "When the Flood Falls"
2017 - S. J. Jennings, "The Golkonda Project"
2018 - Dianne Scott, "Destruction in Paradise"
2019 - Liv McFarlane, "The Scarlet Cross"
2020 - Liz Rachel Walker, "The Dieppe Letters"
2021 - Raymond Bazowski, "The Future"
Howard Engel Award
2021 - Katrina Onstad, Stay Where I Can See YouDerrick Murdoch Award
This is a special achievement award for contributions to the genre of crime and mystery writing, awarded at the discretion of the president of the Crime Writers of Canada. When first presented in 1984, it was known as the Chairman's Award; it was later renamed in honour of its first recipient, Derrick Murdoch. Since 2013, it has only been presented in years when the new biennial Grand Master Award, listed below, is not presented.
1984 - Derrick Murdoch
1985 - Tony Aspler
1986 - Margaret Millar
1987 - The CBC Drama Department
1988 - J.D. Singh and Jim Reicker
1989 - not presented
1990 - Eric Wilson
1991 - not presented
1992 - William Bankier, James Powell and Peter Sellers
1993 - not presented
1994 - not presented
1995 - Jim and Margaret McBride
1996 - not presented
1997 - not presented
1998 - Howard Engel and Eric Wright
1999 - Ted Wood
2000 - Eddie Barber, Rick Blechta, John North and David Skene-Melvin
2001 - L.R. Wright
2002 - James Dubro and Caro Soles
2003 - Margaret Cannon
2004 - Cheryl Freedman
2005 - Max Haines
2006 - Mary Jane Maffini
2007 - not presented
2008 - Edward D. Hoch
2009 - Gail Bowen
2010 - Peter Robinson
2011 - Louise Allin and N.A.T. Grant
2012 - Don Graves and Catherine Astolfo
2013 - Lyn Hamilton
2014 - not presented
2015 - Sylvia McConnell
2016 - not presented
2017 - Christina Jennings
2018 - not presented
2019 - Vicki Delany
Grand Master Award
The Grand Master Award is presented every two years as a lifetime achievement award, to a crime writer with a distinguished and successful national and international career.
2014 - Howard Engel
2016 - Eric Wright
2018 - Gail Bowen
2020 - Peter Robinson
Best Genre Criticism/Reference
The award for Best Genre Criticism or Reference has only been presented twice.
1991 - Donald A. Redmond, Sherlock Holmes Among the Pirates1992 - Wesley A. Wark, Spy Fiction, Spy Films and Real IntelligenceBest Play
The award for Best Play has only been presented once.
1994 - Timothy Findley, The Stillborn Lover''
References
External links
Crime Writers of Canada
List of Arthur Ellis Award winners 1984-Present
Awards established in 1984
1984 establishments in Canada
First book awards
Canadian fiction awards
Short story awards
Mystery and detective fiction awards
Cork Distilleries Company was an Irish whiskey distilling company. It was formed in 1867, when four Cork distilleries, Daly's, the Green, North Mall, the Watercourse were amalgamated under one company to form the Cork Distilleries Company. In 1868, these were joined by another Cork distillery, James Murphy's Midleton Distillery. The company existed until 1966, when the Cork Distilleries Company merged with two other Irish distillers, John Powers & Son and John Jameson & Son, to form Irish Distillers.
The company produced Paddy Whiskey, and Cork Dry Gin among other products.
History
In the mid-1800s, the Irish whiskey industry underwent a period of turmoil, with the temperance movement of the 1830s, and the Great Famine of the 1840s reducing domestic demand for whiskey. At the time, Cork was home to several distilleries, therefore, in the 1860s, James Murphy, the owner of the Midleton distillery, suggested amalgamating the operations of several local distilleries.
The other distilleries agreed, so in 1867, Cork Distilleries Company (CDC) was formed, with Murphy at the helm. In 1867, CDC took control of four Cork distilleries: North Mall, The Green, the Watercourse and Daly's, and a year later Midleton Distillery also joined.
The years that followed its formation saw some rationalisation, with distilling ceasing at Daly's Distillery in 1869, and at the Green in the 1870s. Though both continued to be used as warehouses by the Cork Distilleries Company for several years. The Watercourse Distillery was also mothballed in the mid-1880s, so that by the turn of the century, only two of CDC's five distilleries, the North Mall and Midleton -remained in production.
In 1920, a fire broke out at the North Mall distillery, completely destroying its five-storey mill, and causing significant damage to most, if not all of the production buildings. Had the Irish whiskey industry not been in the midst of a crisis, with most distilleries enduring severe financial hardship, the distillery might have been rebuilt. However, facing an uncertain economic outlook, a decision was taken to concentrate production at Midleton, rather than to renovate the North Mall Distillery.
In 1966, with the Irish distilleries still facing an uncertain future, CDC merged with two of the other remaining Dublin distilleries, John Jameson & Son. and John Powers & Son., to form Irish Distillers.
References
1867 establishments in Ireland
1966 disestablishments in Ireland
Defunct distilleries in Ireland
County Cork
The national flag of Antigua and Barbuda was adopted on 27 February 1967 to mark the achievement of self-government. A competition to design the flag was held in which more than 600 local people entered. The winning design was put forth by nationally well-known artist and sculptor Sir Reginald Samuel.
The design is a red field with an inverted isosceles triangle based on the top edge of the field pointed toward the bottom edge of the field bearing the horizontal tricolour of black, light blue (half width) and white with the rising sun centred on top of the black band. The rising sun symbolises the dawning of a new era.
The colours have different meanings: the black is for the African ancestry of the people; the blue for hope; and the red for energy or life of the people. The successive colouring of black, yellow, blue, and white (from the sun down) also stands for the soil, sun, sea, and sand. The blue also represents the Caribbean Sea, and the V-shape is the symbol of victory. The seven points on the flag represent each of the six parishes, and, the island of Barbuda.
The state ensign, which is used only by the national coast guard, consists of a white field, a red cross, and the state flag in the canton.
Viceregal flags
Flags of Barbuda
Historical flags
Construction Sheet
References
External links
Flags introduced in 1967
Flag
National flags
Flags adopted through competition
Luis Manuel Navajas Ramos (born 17 December 1948) is a Spanish retired prosecutor. He served as Lieutenant Attorney of the Supreme Court —second highest position within the Prosecution Ministry— from 2014 to 2020 and acting Attorney General of the State in several occasions.
Career
He graduated in law, became professor between 1987 and 2003 of Crime Law at Basque Institute of Criminology and entered the judicial career in 1976. He was prosecutor of the Provincial Court of Guipúzcoa between 1987 and 2003. He became famous for his report that bears his name and that investigated some corrupt plots in the Intxarrurrondo barracks of the Guardia Civil and in which General Enrique Rodríguez was involved. Galindo The cause was shelved and received many criticisms of the environment of the fight against ETA.
Supreme Court Prosecutor
In 2003 he was appointed prosecutor of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court and he was appointed Lieutenant Attorney of the same court on 31 October 2014. As a lieutenant attorney of the Supreme Court, he requested the dismissal of the case against Judge Baltasar Garzón for having declared competent to investigate Francoist Spain, in spite of the pact of forgetting.
Acting Attorney General
A month after being appointed Lieutenant Attorney, in December 2014, he assumed for the first time the position of Acting Attorney General of the State when Eduardo Torres-Dulce resigned from the post on 19 December 2014 and until Consuelo Madrigal did not take possession on 13 January 2015.
The second and most known term as attorney general was following the sudden death of José Manuel Maza in November 2017. It ceased in December, after the appointment of Julián Sánchez Melgar as attorney general. For a week, between June 22 and June 29, 2018, Navajas assumed the office until the definitive appointment of the prosecutor María José Segarra.
He holds the office acting again on 15 January 2020 when María José Segarra was ceased and until the taking of possession of Dolores Delgado on 26 February 2020.
Navajas retired in December 2020, at the age of 72 after 44 years of service.
See also
Judiciary of Spain
Spanish Attorney General
2017 Spanish constitutional crisis
Operation Anubis
References
1948 births
Living people
20th-century Spanish judges
Attorneys general of Spain
Prosecutors general of Spain
People from Granada
Hayes Crossing is an unincorporated community in Stephens County, in the U.S. state of Georgia, at an elevation of above mean sea level.
History
The community was named after William Hayes, an early settler.
Red Hollow Road
Hayes Crossing was connected to other communities in early colonial Georgia, after General Oglethorpe ordered River Road built from Savannah to Augusta. River Road connected to the ancient Indian trade route of Upper Cherokee Path (renamed "Petersburg Road") at Augusta, connecting that city to the market city of Petersburg. The Upper Cherokee Path continued from Petersburg to Toccoa where it intersected with the Unicoi Turnpike, which continued into East Tennessee. The section of the Cherokee Path passing through Toccoa was known as the Red Hollow Road, which passed through the community of Hayes Crossing. A Georgia Historical Marker was erected to commemorate the road.
Railroad station
In 1878, the Southern Railroad laid track in Stephens County, crossing the Red Hollow Road 13 times between Toccoa and Martin. Stations were established at several locations in the county, including one at Hayes Crossing.
References
Unincorporated communities in Stephens County, Georgia
The Acer beTouch E200 (also known as Acer L1 ) is a smartphone manufactured by Acer Inc. of Taiwan. It runs Windows Mobile 6.5 operating system and it was released in October 2009.
Main features
If beTouch E200 runs Windows Mobile 6.5. It has a 3 megapixel camera and an A-GPS module comes with Google Maps. It lacks of Wi-Fi capability.
3G +
TFT touch screen 3''240 x 320 pixels
Touch interface UI 3.0 Acer
Sliding alphanumeric keypad
AFN 3 megapixels
A-GPS module
512 MB internal memory + microSD Memory Card
RAM 256 MB
Qualcomm 528 MHz processor
Bluetooth 2.0 EDR
Windows Mobile 6.5
3G talk time up to 5h
Dimensions 110 x 53.5 x 15.4 mm
weight 146 g
1140 mAh Lithium-ion Battery
References
External links
Acer Smartphones Website
Acer beTouch E200 Site
beTouch E200
Windows Mobile Professional devices
Mobile phones introduced in 2009
Joseph William Dillon (born August 2, 1975) is an American former professional baseball utility player, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Florida Marlins, Milwaukee Brewers, and Tampa Bay Rays, and in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) for the Yomiuri Giants. He was an assistant hitting coach for the Washington Nationals from 2018 to 2019, before serving as the hitting coach for the Philadelphia Phillies during the 2020 and 2021 seasons.
College
After graduating from Cardinal Newman High School in Santa Rosa, California in 1993, Dillon entered college at Santa Rosa Junior College and then Texas Tech University. His college baseball career with the Texas Tech Red Raiders included a 33 home run season in , a record which still stands today.
Professional baseball player
Kansas City Royals organization (1997–2001)
On June 3, 1997, Dillon was drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the 7th round (211th overall) of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft. He played the season with the Low-A Spokane Indians, the season with the Single-A Lansing Lugnuts, and the season with the High-A Wilmington Blue Rocks. Dillon split the season between the Double-A Wichita Wranglers and the Triple-A Omaha Royals. During his time with Omaha, he suffered a herniated disc in his back. He returned to Omaha for the season.
Minnesota Twins organization (2001–2003)
On December 31, 2001, Dillon was drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the 2001 Rule 5 Draft. For the season, he was assigned to the Double-A New Britain Rock Cats, spending nearly the entire season there, before being promoted to the Triple-A Edmonton Trappers.
Brief retirement (2003–2004)
Continued problems with his back, including increasing stiffness, prompted Dillon to retire during spring training . On March 24, 2003, he was released from the Twins. During the year, Dillon underwent back surgery to repair the herniated disc. Following that, he returned to his alma mater, Texas Tech University, to coach its 2003 baseball team. His back felt better, and he decided to return to playing professional baseball.
Florida Marlins organization; major league debut (2004–2005)
On March 17, 2004, Dillon was signed as a free agent by the Florida Marlins. He began the season with the Double-A Carolina Mudcats, before being promoted to the Triple-A Albuquerque Isotopes.
Dillon began the season with Florida, before returning briefly to Albuquerque. On May 18, 2005, he was recalled to the big leagues, making his MLB debut that same afternoon, when (by an unfortunate coincidence) Marlins starting third-baseman Mike Lowell lost a foul pop-up by Milton Bradley of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the sun, causing Lowell to be struck by the ball in his face, subsequently forcing him to leave the game. Dillon's stat line for his first major league game included four at bats, one hit, and one strikeout. For the season, in 36 at bats, he posted a batting average of .167 with one home run. After the season, Dillon was granted free agency.
Venados de Mazatlán (2005)
Dillon joined the Mazatlán Deer of the Pacific Mexican Winter League late in the 2004–2005 season, helping the team win the Caribbean Series championship.
Yomiuri Giants (2006)
Dillon was signed by the Yomiuri Giants of Nippon Professional Baseball, for the season. He played the entire season in Japan.
Florida Marlins organization (2006–2007)
Upon returning to American professional baseball, Dillon re-joined the Florida Marlins, who signed him to a minor league contract, on December 20, 2006. The following spring, he asked for, and received, his release from the contract.
Milwaukee Brewers organization (2007–2008)
On April 1, 2007, Dillon signed a minor league contract with the Milwaukee Brewers, who assigned him to the Triple-A Nashville Sounds of the Pacific Coast League. On August 1, 2007, he was called up to the Brewers along with Elmer Dessens when pitcher Scott Linebrink left on bereavement leave and second baseman Rickie Weeks was sent down to Nashville.
Although expectations were high for Dillon in the off-season prior to the campaign, he failed to make the big league roster out of spring training, instead finding himself back in Triple-A Nashville. Dillon was recalled by the Brewers, on May 1, 2008; in a corresponding move, the Brewers designated relief pitcher Derrick Turnbow for assignment.
Oakland Athletics organization (2008–2009)
Following the season, Dillon was claimed off waivers by the Oakland Athletics.
On January 7, 2009, Dillon was designated for assignment to clear a roster spot for Jason Giambi and was sent outright to the minor leagues.
Tampa Bay Rays organization (2009-2010)
On May 10, 2009, Dillon traded by Oakland to the Tampa Bay Rays, in return for Adam Kennedy. He played in 15 MLB games in , mostly as a designated hitter (DH) and pinch hitter. Dillon compiled a .300 BA, with one home run, and two RBI.
On December 18, 2009, Dillon re-signed a minor league contract with the Rays. Dillon attempted to add catcher to his list of fielding positions in spring training of the season. He retired following his release, November 6, 2010.
Statistics
Coaching career
On December 20, 2013, Dillon was announced as the hitting coach for the Washington Nationals' AAA affiliate Syracuse Chiefs. He spent 2016–17 as minor league hitting coordinator for the Miami Marlins.
Dillon was named as the assistant hitting coach for the Nationals for the 2018 season. On November 21, 2019, the Phillies announced Dillon as their new hitting coach for the 2020 season. He was dismissed from the position on October 3, 2021, before the Phillies played final game of the 2021 season.
References
External links
Joe Dillon at Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Professional Baseball League)
1975 births
Living people
Albuquerque Isotopes players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
Baseball coaches from California
Baseball players from California
Carolina Mudcats players
Durham Bulls players
Edmonton Trappers players
Florida Marlins players
Lansing Lugnuts players
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball hitting coaches
Major League Baseball infielders
Milwaukee Brewers players
Minor league baseball coaches
Nashville Sounds players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
New Britain Rock Cats players
Nippon Professional Baseball first basemen
Nippon Professional Baseball outfielders
Nippon Professional Baseball third basemen
Oakland Athletics players
Omaha Golden Spikes players
Santa Rosa Bear Cubs baseball players
Spokane Indians players
Sportspeople from Modesto, California
Syracuse Chiefs coaches
Tampa Bay Rays players
Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball players
Washington Nationals coaches
Wilmington Blue Rocks players
Yomiuri Giants players
Mat-Su Miners players
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Tonami, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Tonami Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 13.3 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has two ground-level opposed side platforms serving two tracks with an elevated station building. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 4 May 1897 as . It was renamed to its present name on 10 November 1954. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West. A new station building was completed in April 1994.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 1,189 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Tonami General Hospital
Tonami Art Museum
Tonami Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1951
Jōhana Line
Tonami, Toyama
Dara Gallagher is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Naomh Conaill and also, formerly, for the Donegal county team.
In 2005, Gallagher played (and scored) for his club in the final of the Donegal Senior Football Championship. He also played for his club in the final of the 2010 Donegal Senior Football Championship. He then played for his club in the final of the 2015 Donegal Senior Football Championship. His team won all three games.
Gallagher played and scored in the final as Donegal won their first Ulster minor title in 10 years at Croke Park in 2006. In 2009, he made a substitute appearance for the Donegal senior team in the second half of their Championship defeat to Cork at Croke Park. He was injured in 2010.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Naomh Conaill Gaelic footballers
Deep Run is a tributary of the Tohickon Creek in Bedminster Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Statistics
Wolf Run lies entirely within Bedminster Township. Its GNIS identification number is 1191669, its Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources identification number is 03141. Its length is , its watershed is , rising at an elevation of . It reaches its confluence at the Tohickon Creek's 7.90 river mile, at an elevation of , only about downstream of where Mink Run and Deer Run reach the Tohickon. The average slope is
Course
Wolf Run rises in Bedminster Township north of Pennsylvania Route 113 (Bedminster Road) near the village of Bedminster and is northeast oriented in a relatively straight course to the Tohickon Creek.
Geology
Appalachian Highlands Division
Piedmont Province
Gettysburg-Newark Lowland Section
Brunswick Formation
Wolf Run lies within the Brunswick Formation in the Newark Basin laid down during the Jurassic and the Triassic. Rock includes mudstone, siltstone, and reddish-brown, green, and brown shale. Mineralogy includes red and dark-gray argillite and hornfels.
Crossings and Bridges
Rolling Hills Road
Haas Court
Creamery Road
See also
List of rivers of the United States
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of Delaware River tributaries
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of Bucks County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Tohickon Creek
Jan Gysbert Hermanus du Preez (born 6 October 1930) is a former South African rugby union player who made one Test match appearance in 1956.
Playing career
Du Preez was born in Piketberg and received his schooling at Piketberg High School. He then enrolled at Stellenbosch University to study for a BSc degree and later gained a doctorate in chemistry.
While a student, du Preez began playing provincial rugby for Western Province as a centre, before moving to the wing. His only Test appearance for South Africa came on the 1956 tour of Australia and New Zealand. He was selected to play in the first Test against the All Blacks at Carisbrook, Dunedin—a match that South Africa lost 10–6.
Test history
See also
List of South Africa national rugby union players – Springbok no. 327
References
External links
Scrum profile
1930 births
Living people
People from Bergrivier Local Municipality
White South African people
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
Stellenbosch University alumni
Rugby union players from the Western Cape
Rugby union wings
Western Province (rugby union) players
Zygaenosia flavibasis is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Charles Swinhoe in 1892. It is found on New Guinea.
References
Nudariina
Moths described in 1892
Zygaenosia
Charles F. Hackmeyer (1903-1989) was a Mobile, Alabama-area community leader and politician who served two terms on the Mobile City Commission. He was also the city's 80th Mayor. His terms as Mayor of Mobile was when the title was co-extensive with the presidency of the City Commission. He was defeated for re-election in 1961 by challenger Charles S. Trimmier who would go would only serve one term, losing four years later to Lambert C. Mims.
References
World Statesmen list of Mayors of Mobile
Year of birth unknown
Mayors of Mobile, Alabama
1903 births
1989 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Jewish secularism refers to secularism in a Jewish context, denoting the definition of Jewish identity with little or no attention given to its religious aspects. The concept of Jewish secularism first arose in the late 19th century, with its influence peaking during the interwar period.
History
The Jews and secularisation
The Marranos in Spain, who retained some sense of Jewish identity and alienation while formally Catholic, anticipated the European secularisation process to some degree. Their diaspora outside Iberia united believing Catholics, returnees to Judaism (on both accounts, rarely fully at comfort in their religions) and deists in one "Marrano nation." Baruch Spinoza, the herald of the secular age, advocated the demise of religious control over society and the delegation of faith to the private sphere. Yet his notions lacked anything specifically Jewish: He believed that without the ceremonial law to define the Jews, their collective existence would eventually cease, an outcome he regarded as welcome. There is no evidence he retained a sense of Jewishness after being anathemised in 1656. Religious laxity and acculturation, widespread among Spanish exiles, began to appear among the Ashkenazim of Central Europe when affluent court Jews entered Christian society.
At the end of the 18th century, communal autonomy was gradually abolished by the rising centralised states of Europe, and with it the authority of rabbis and wardens to criminally sanction transgressors. Acculturation, piecemeal integration and, far less importantly, Enlightenment thought, all rapidly chafed at traditional observance. With the weakening of Christianity, the Jews' traditional role as humiliated witnesses to its truth was no longer a political maxim, and the absolutist rulers pondered how to turn them into useful subjects. Jewish intellectuals, members of a new non-rabbinic secularised elite, likewise attempted to solve the modern problems. Radical Jewish enlighteners like Saul Ascher, Lazarus Bendavid and Perez Peter Beer suggested that Judaism be reduced to little more than Deism. Yet even their arguments were predicated on the concept of divine revelation, aiming to restore the religion to an ancient, "pure" version, before God's commandments were supposedly corrupted by irrational additions.
Eventually, the constraints of emancipation in Central and Western Europe, willing to tolerate the Jews as a Christian-like denomination and rejecting any vestige of corporate autonomy, ensured that modernisation and secularisation were expressed in confessionalising Judaism. It was limited to the private sphere, while its adherents were expected to conform to civil norms in the public one, and identify with the nation-state in the political, often as "citizens of the Mosaic faith". The synagogue, family life and strictly religious questions – the differentiation between "secular" and "religious" spheres, imported from Christianity, was alien to Jewish tradition – were the only venues in which Jewishness could be expressed. The nascent Reform movement radically altered the religion so it could be adapted to modern circumstances. The traditionalists, coalescing into self-aware Orthodoxy, silently tolerated change while turning a blind eye to unprincipled laxity. In modernist Orthodox circles, acculturation was even lauded.
The scholars of the "Science of Judaism", who introduced critical academic methods in the study of Jewish history, rebutted traditional interpretation, but were rarely interested in alternatives for the secularised, modern crowd. They even scorned the efforts of religious reform, whether radical or conservative, and many were convinced that Judaism was destined to dissipate; Moritz Steinschneider once commented that their aim was to "duly bury its corpse." Utter religious apathy was common among 19th-century Jews, but it was not accompanied by any positive identity. The children of such people often converted to Christianity.
The rise of Jewish secularism
Only in late-19th century Eastern Europe, did a new, positive and secular definition of Jewish existence arise. Eastern European Jews, more than 90% of world Jewry at the time, were decidedly unacculturated: In 1897, 97% declared Yiddish their mother tongue and only 26% could read the Russian alphabet. Hebrew remained the language of letters, and traditional education was the norm; out of 5.2 million Jews, only 21,308 attended state schools in 1880. Suffering severe discrimination, they remained a distinct corporate and ethnic group. Secularisation processes were slow: Radical enlighteners, preaching civic integration and modernisation, had to contend with a well-entrenched rabbinic leadership which enjoyed little-questioned prestige. Unlike their emancipated brethren in the West, their Jewishness was self-evident and unreflective. On that "thick" layer of ethnicity, with virtually no alternative high culture to assimilate into, the slow disintegration of community life and exposure to modern notions allowed an adaptation, rather than marginalisation. In the 1870s and 1880s, several Jewish national movements coalesced in Eastern Europe, coupled with a literary renaissance of Hebrew and Yiddish. In tandem, young intellectuals advanced a radically new understanding of Jewish identity.
The most prominent of these, who is widely considered as the father of Jewish secularism, was Asher Hirsch Ginsberg, known by his nom de plume Ahad Ha'am. Unlike other thinkers exposed to the influences of secularisation, he did not seek to avoid their implications, but to confront them while maintaining full continuity with the Jewish past. He understood that the theological discourse which defined the Jews was about to lose relevance, first for the young and educated and later for most. While others ignored the subject, Ginsberg delineated a revolutionary solution, borrowing especially from the social Darwinism of Herbert Spencer. He utterly disposed of the question of revelation, which so concerned the Orthodox and Reform in the west, and that of divine election. In his secular, agnostic view, the people arose by itself, not by God's intervention; the driving, enlivening force of Jewish history was not the transmission of God's teachings through the generations, but the creative instincts and "national spirit" of the Jews. He described himself and his like-minded in 1898: The free-thinking Jew, who loves his own people, is a pantheist. He sees the creativity of the national spirit from within, where the believer only sees a higher power intervening from without.
Ahad Ha'am was not the only one, and far from the most radical, to promulgate a cultural-national conception of Jewishness. His harsh critic Micha Josef Berdyczewski, strongly influenced by Nietzsche, sought a transvaluation of values and preached for a rupture with the past. Ginsberg greatly valued tradition, regarding it not as a body of divine commandments standing in their own right, but as a set of customs aimed at consolidating the people, which could be adapted or abandoned based on that same consideration (this instrumental view of Jewish law was adopted by many secularist ideologists, and even taught as historically factual). Simon Dubnow, yet another leading intellectual of the cultural-national school, was particularly influential in developing a secular Jewish historiography. "Science of Judaism" scholars in Germany, mainly Heinrich Graetz, secularized the rabbinic view of the past, but maintained a religion-based view of it. In Dubnow's work, serving as the basis for all secularist historians, the Jewish people were a "psychological organism", with every individual but "a cell" therein, which was imbued with the primordial instinct to form collective institutions. Dubnow and his supporters espoused national personal autonomy for the Jews in Russia. Yet another thinker, whose philosophy was more explicitly concerned only with Eastern European Jews, was Chaim Zhitlowsky, the founder of radical Yiddishism. With the demise of faith, Zhitlowsky advocated that a monolingustic Yiddish nation and culture were the future of local Jews, with old traditions serving as folklore to be selectively adopted. Neither he nor his followers ever discussed other Jewish ethnic groups.
Ahad Ha'am, Berdyczewski, Dubnow and Zhitlowsky were only few of the most prominent Jewish secularist ideologues of their age. Hundreds of others, influenced by the major thinkers and supporting the various national movements, were active among the millions in the Pale of Settlement, Poland and the adjacent regions.
Heyday
The new understanding of Jewishness swiftly spread from the intellectuals to the rest of society, into the spheres of popular culture and daily life. As Eastern European Jews were undergoing secularisation and acculturation, in the end of the 19th and early 20th centuries, and being recognised as a national minority with autonomous rights in the Interwar period, Jewish secularism thrived. From the socialist Bund to the bourgeois Folkspartei, Jewish political parties declared their commitment to propagating the new views among the public. Even the Zionists, who were more keen to cooperate with the Orthodox, lost many traditional members when they adopted a similar policy in their 1911 World Congress. A new literary canon, authored by writers committed to the secular cause, was to provide the people with a Jewish culture that could compete with the Polish or Russian ones. It was supplemented with burgeoning theatre and press scenes, reaching a vast audience. Intellectuals, dedicated to a secular cultural revival, enlisted to reinterpret and reformulate the holidays and other aspects of Jewish tradition: New children's songs, for example, served to remove the old religious narratives and impart new ones, centered on the family or the nation. The secular messages were spread by the modern Jewish schools and youth movements, which catered to hundreds of thousands of pupils.
The logic of redefining the Jews as a modern nation was extended to the criteria for being a Jew, changing them to ethno-cultural markings. Ahad Ha'am repudiated the idea of conversion, which he regarded as invalid. Berdyczewski advocated assimilating the Palestinian Arabs into Jewish society through intermarriage, without conversion. Not a few Yiddishists, like Bundist ideologue A. Litvak, urged that declaring Yiddish as one's mother tongue was the only measure for determining Jewish nationality. Zionist Jakob Klatzkin declared that those who identified with other nations (as did most Western and Central European "citizens of Mosaic faith"), were committing "national apostasy", and were therefore outside the pale of Jewishness.
Among the millions of Eastern Europeans who immigrated to the United States and other western countries, the new Jewish secularism imported from home continued to prosper. A group of radical intellectuals coalesced in 1915 to found The Menorah Journal, advocating a "secular Hebrew" identity and deriding religion and the rabbis. Socialist Yiddishists, organised in the Arbeter Ring and other trade unions, furthered the secular reformulation of Jewish life: traditional texts, like the Passover Haggadah, were supplanted with Yiddish or English editions, emphasising Jewish class consciousness and anti-rabbinism. The dense immigrants' neighbourhoods in New York provided a strong sense of Jewish ethnicity, and an audience for the intellectuals and cultural activists.
In the Zionist settlement in the Land of Israel, Cultural Zionism, strongly influenced by Ahad Ha'am, was the dominant philosophy. The highly centralised and ideologically-driven Zionist enterprise in the land, allowed its leaders to rapidly disseminate the intellectual products of their philosophers and thinkers, committed to create a new Jewish culture. The old holidays were radically refashioned: Hanukkah's religious aspects, centering on the miracle of the oil, were repressed and replaced with an emphasis on national sovereignty and a victory against foreign enemies (circumventing the religious civil war among Jews). The Zionist reappropriation of the Jewish calendar similarly affected all holidays. Those that could serve the national ideals, especially in celebrating military feats or agriculture, were emphasised and cultivated. Those that could not, like Yom Kippur, were marginalised.
See also
Center for Cultural Judaism
Hiloni
Humanistic Judaism
Peretz Centre for Secular Jewish Culture
Jewish schisms
Jewish atheism
Reconstructionist Judaism
Notes
References
Further reading
Irving Howe, The End of Jewish Secularism. Hunter College of the City University of New York, 1995.
External links
Secular Culture & Ideas
Irving Howe, Breaking Away. The New York Review of Books, 15 July 1982.
Disengagement from religion
John Burton was Archdeacon of Cleveland from his installation on 23 July 1685 until his death on 24 November 1700.
Burton was born in Sedbergh was educated at St John's College, Cambridge. He migrated to University of Oxford in 1675. He was Vicar of Rushden and a canon of York.
References
17th-century English Anglican priests
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Archdeacons of Cleveland
1700 deaths
People from Sedbergh
Robert Kelle was the member of Parliament for Coventry in 1298. He was a merchant.
References
Members of the Parliament of England for Coventry
English MPs 1298
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
English merchants
The following are the national records in track cycling in Great Britain maintained by Great Britain's national cycling federation: British Cycling.
Men
Key to tables:
Women
Notes
References
General
British Track Cycling Records 30 October 2021 updated
Specific
External links
British Cycling web site
Great Britain
records
Track cycling
track cycling
Larry William King (born January 30, 1945) is an American sports promoter, and the ex-husband of former World No. 1 professional tennis player Billie Jean King.
Early life and education
King was born in Dayton, Ohio, and raised in Eagle Rock, California. He met Billie Jean Moffitt at California State University, Los Angeles in 1963, when he played on one of the school's best men's tennis teams, coached by Scotty Deeds. He married Billie Jean on September 17, 1965 in Long Beach, California.
Career
In 1971, King conceived the idea of a professional tennis tour for women and helped organize a group of nine (the Original Nine) top women players: Billie Jean King, Rosie Casals, Judy Dalton, Julie Heldman, Kerry Melville, Peaches Bartkowicz, Kristy Pigeon, Nancy Richey, and Valerie Ziegenfuss. He obtained the backing of Gladys Heldman of World Tennis Magazine and Joe Cullman, CEO of Philip Morris, and the Virginia Slims pro circuit was started. In 1973, along with Dennis Murphy, Jordan Kaiser and Fred Barman, King developed the concept of World Team Tennis, and started the league the following year. In 1974, King and Billie Jean co-founded and began publishing womenSports magazine.
In 1976, King invented a smokeless ashtray, called The Clean Air King. In 1984, Billie Jean became the major owner of World Team Tennis.
King and Denis Murphy also founded Roller Hockey International, a professional hockey league that operated from 1993 to 1999. Murphy had also been instrumental in the founding of the American Basketball Association and the World Hockey Association.
King, a Master Duplicate bridge player and a Director, founded the Prize Money Bridge tour. He also founded Bridge University to promote bridge throughout the country.
Marriage and personal life
King had a big impact on the rise of his wife's fame. Billie Jean was not always a feminist icon; in the 60s he had helped her start to think about the lack of scholarships for sports for women. He never tried to tear down Billie Jean's aspirations of becoming a tennis superstar and promoted her success.
In 1971, Billie Jean had an abortion that was made public in a Ms. magazine article. Larry had revealed Billie Jean's abortion without consulting her.
In 1973, Billy Jean defeated Bobby Riggs in a well-publicized match. In 2017, the film Battle of the Sexes was released. In the film, King was shown as becoming aware, that year, of Billie Jean's infidelity with another woman, and decided to ignore it; King said that was false.
Billie Jean was sexually involved with her former secretary, Marilyn Barnett, during Larry and Billie Jean's marriage. In 1981, Billie Jean admitted publicly that the relationship had taken place, in response to a lawsuit by Barnett that asked for palimony.
Larry and Billie Jean divorced in 1987.
King lives in Grass Valley, California, with his wife, Nancy, and two children, Sky and Katie. According to the movie Battle of the Sexes, Billie Jean King and her partner Ilana Kloss are godparents to the Kings' children.
References
1945 births
Living people
World TeamTennis
California State University, Los Angeles alumni
American lawyers
Sportspeople from Los Angeles
Sportspeople from Dayton, Ohio
People from Grass Valley, California
Tennis people from California
RAF Brawdy is a former Royal Air Force satellite station located east of St Davids, Pembrokeshire and south west of Fishguard, Pembrokeshire, Wales. It was operational between 1944 and 1992 being used by both the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy before the site was turned over to the British Army and renamed Cawdor Barracks.
History
The Pembrokeshire base was officially opened on 2 February 1944 as a satellite station for the nearby RAF St Davids with No. 517 Squadron RAF moving in a day before with the Handley Page Halifax Mk V before changing to the Mk III in March 1945. The squadron moved to RAF Chivenor on 30 November 1945. The next squadron to move in was 521 Squadrons from December 1944 until May 1945 as a detachment operating the Boeing Fortress II (B-17F). Between 2 February 1944 and 27 April 1946 595 Squadron aircraft may have been based here with a variety of aircraft as a detachment.
Fleet Air Arm use
On 1 January 1946 the station was handed over to the Fleet Air Arm of the Royal Navy and became Royal Naval Air Station (RNAS) Brawdy or HMS Goldcrest II. It was initially used as a Relief Landing Ground for RNAS Dale. After the closure of Dale, it was commissioned as HMS Goldcrest on 4 September 1952 and in March 1953 the first Hawker Sea Hawk entered service with 806 Naval Air Squadron at RNAS Brawdy. From 1963 till 1971 Fairey Gannets and Hawker Hunters were based at Brawdy in 849 NAS and 738/759 respectively. The Gannets were primarily used in Airborne Early Warning (AEW) and the Hunters for advanced flying training including low-level Navigation, ground attack and air-to-air weapons training. The Royal Navy left in 1971 and the base was allocated to the Department of the Environment.
The following squadrons were stationed here at various points during this period:
727 Naval Air Squadron
736 Naval Air Squadron
751 Naval Air Squadron
767 Naval Air Squadron
773 Naval Air Squadron
784 Naval Air Squadron
800 Naval Air Squadron
801 Naval Air Squadron
802 Naval Air Squadron
804 Naval Air Squadron
807 Naval Air Squadron
811 Naval Air Squadron
813 Naval Air Squadron
824 Naval Air Squadron
831 Naval Air Squadron
891 Naval Air Squadron
892 Naval Air Squadron
893 Naval Air Squadron
895 Naval Air Squadron
897 Naval Air Squadron
898 Naval Air Squadron
1831 Naval Air Squadron
Back to Royal Air Force control
In February 1974 the Royal Air Force returned with D Flight of 22 Squadrons taking up residence with their Westland Whirlwind HAR.10 search and rescue helicopters. In September of the same year No. 229 Operational Conversion Unit RAF (later the Tactical Weapons Unit) joined D Flight having been forced to relocate after the closure of RAF Chivenor.
The station was home to Hawker Hunter aircraft of the TWU, and the gate guardian at the base was initially a Supermarine Spitfire, this was replaced in the early 80s by Hawker Hunter FGA.9 (XE624). This airframe was subsequently sold to Steve Petch, a private collector.
Between 1 September 1976 and July 1978 a detachment of 202 Squadrons flying Westland Whirlwind HAR.10s used the airfield. By the late 1970s it operated BAe Hawk T.1A (234 and 79 Squadron).
Closure of RAF station
As part of the rationalisation of advanced and tactical weapons training, flying ceased at Brawdy on 31 August 1992. A small number of RAF personnel remained including No. 202 Squadron and their Westland Sea Kings, which eventually left in July 1994.
Naval Facility Brawdy
In 1974 Naval Facility Brawdy was established adjacent to Royal Air Force Station Brawdy as the terminus of new Sound Surveillance System (SOSUS) arrays covering the eastern Atlantic. After commissioning on 5 April 1974 NAVFAC Brawdy became the first "super NAVFAC" with some four hundred U.S. and United Kingdom military and civilian personnel assigned. In 1985 a new type of fixed surveillance system, the Fixed Distributed System (FDS), test array was terminated at the facility. The facility was decommissioned 1 October 1995 after its arrays had been "remoted" and its equipment moved to the Joint Maritime Facility, St Mawgan, Cornwall.
Cawdor Barracks
Brawdy was transferred to the British Army in 1995 and became Cawdor Barracks, the army's main electronic warfare base. The name originated from the local Earls of Cawdor (who owned the Stackpole Estate).
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Airliners.net Photo Gallery of Aircraft at RAF Brawdy
Air Britain Photo Gallery of Aircraft at RAF Brawdy
Ivor "Taff" Davies Photo Gallery of Aircraft at RAF Brawdy
Jet Photos.net Photo Gallery of Aircraft at RAF Brawdy
XE624.org - Home of the ex-RAF Brawdy Gate Guard Hunter FGA.9
United States Navy - NAVFAC Brawdy
1986 Phantom Aircrash Raf Brawdy
RAF Brawdy, Wales 1985 ~ 1987 Air Shows
Brawdy
Elections were held in Wellington County, Ontario on October 27, 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
Wellington County Council
The council consists of the seven mayors of the constituent municipalities plus nine councillors elected from county wards.
Centre Wellington
Erin
Guelph/Eramosa
Mapleton
Minto
Puslinch
Wellington North
See also
2010 Wellington County municipal elections
References
Wellington
Wellington County, Ontario
St Martin's Place Bank was founded in London in 1816 and for much of the nineteenth century was the leading savings bank in the country. However, it went into decline in the latter part of the century and, in 1896, declined to accept the recommendations of the independent Inspection Committee. The Bank closed its doors and transferred the depositors' funds to the Post Office.
History
Provident Society or Savings Bank?
St. Martins was originally formed as the Provident Institution for Savings in the Western Part of the Metropolis and that in turn originated from the Society for the Bettering of the Poor. A committee was formed under the patronage of the Duke of Somerset to investigate the formation of a savings institution and the active campaigners included Member of parliament and radical Joseph Hume and statistician and founder of the Thames River Police Patrick Colquhoun. The breadth of support could hardly have been greater. The Vice Presidents comprised four dukes, two marquesses, twelve earls and two bishops. As well as Hume and Colquhoun, the 61 Managers who ran the institution on a voluntary basis included, David Ricardo, Thomas Malthus, William Wilberforce,and George Rose, (best known for his 1817 Savings Act).
David Hume was determined that the new savings body should be constituted as a provident society rather than a savings bank, and modelled on the Bath Provident Institution, otherwise known after its architect, as the Haygarth model. The Bath plan gave greater flexibility but its strength lay in the manner of its investments. The savings banks invested their funds into government stocks and if these fell in value, the fall could exceed the reserves and place the managers or trustees at personal risk. In contrast, the deposits of provident institutions, once they had reached one pound, were invested in government stock in the name of the depositor. This, argued Hume in his treatise, removed the risk from the managers. He did not, however, mention that it left the depositor holding the stock.
The opening
The Provident opened in April 1816 at 11 Panton Street, Haymarket, London. Within one month, there were 338 depositors and £1,007 funds. Hume's treatise contained an extensive list of rules and regulations. Key features were that the office would open every Monday between 12 and 3p.m. and every Saturday evening between 7 and 9p.m. Deposits of not less than 6d were accepted and it was clear that all deposits were invested directly into government stock. The trustees and managers were to receive no emoluments nor be “responsible for any loss whatsoever.” This fundamental problem of risk for savings bank trustees was resolved almost immediately by Rose's 1817 Savings Bank Act. This required the trustees to pay the depositors' money into the Bank of England for the account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. The money would be kept in a separate account and trustees were guaranteed that it would be repaid pound for pound. It was presumably this which prompted the Provident Institution to rename itself the St. Martin's Place Bank.
The Rise and Fall of St. Martin's
All comments about St. Martins indicated that it was not only the largest savings bank but also the leading one when national issues arose One indication of size was in 1856 when St Martin's was reported as the largest savings bank with £1.4 million of funds and over 50,000 depositors. The Bank's influence was represented by Edward Boodle who had joined as auditor and became Comptroller and Secretary in 1841. For the next 20 years or so he was “the leading figure in the ranks of the paid officers of the savings bank.” For example, St Martin's led the opposition to the 1844 Savings Act proposals,
St Martin's remained “one of the very autocratic boards of management in the south”: its eight trustees, under the presidency of the Prince Consort were all members of the House of Lords. Whether or not it was this or the departure of Edward Boodle, the Bank began to grow more slowly than its competitors and then fell into absolute decline. When the Cardiff Savings Bank failed in 1886, St. Martin's refused to join the discussions, a contrast to its leadership 30 years before. St. Martins had “unaccountably lost the inspiration of its early years and no longer even held pride of place in size and influence among the English banks.” The 1891 Savings Act established the Inspection Committee, to safeguard depositors. As a statuary body, it was able to examine the savings banks and require improvements. Many savings banks refused to make the necessary changes and closed. In 1895, the Inspection Committee asked the St. Martin's trustees to reduce their expenditure and conduct business on more modern lines; it even wanted the removal of some of the older trustees. The trustees refused to cooperate and closed the Bank. Funds had fallen to £900,000 compared with the £1.4 million held some forty years previous. Of its total funds, over £800,000 was transferred to the Post Office.
References
Banks established in 1816
1816 establishments in England
Defunct banks of the United Kingdom
The National Library of Northern Cyprus () is the National Library of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, located in Nicosia. It was founded on November 17, 1958. The collection consists of 229.626 books.
References
External links
Milli Kütüphane (National Library of Northern Cyprus)
Cyprus, Northern
Libraries in Northern Cyprus
Libraries established in 1958
Buildings and structures in North Nicosia
St Mary's Church is a small Gothic Revival Anglican church located in Caheragh, near Drimoleague, County Cork, Ireland. It was completed in either 1825 or 1829. It is dedicated to Mary, mother of Jesus. It is part of the Diocese of Cork, Cloyne, and Ross.
History
The church of St Mary was built in either 1825, or 1829. It was constructed with the aid of a grant from the Board of First Fruits, amounting to a total of IR£650. An organ was inserted in the church in 1870.
References
Notes
Sources
Architecture of Ireland
Churches in the Diocese of Cork, Cloyne and Ross
19th-century Church of Ireland church buildings
Gothic Revival church buildings in the Republic of Ireland
is a Japanese rock band from Tokyo which is signed to Sony Music Entertainment Japan. It began activities in 2015 after members Hirose Hirose and Emi Okamoto made a collaboration; they would later be joined by bassist Ryōhei Nagashima, guitarist Tarō Miura, and drummer Rui Sekiguchi; Hirose would later leave the band in 2021. The band's music has been featured in movies, TV dramas, and anime series such as Hori-san to Miyamura-kun.
History
The band's activities began in 2015 when Hirose Hirose, a member of the band Nicoten, decided to hold a live performance to celebrate his 25th birthday. He wanted to form a band with a female lead vocalist for the occasion, and decided to collaborate with musician Emi Okamoto, who at the time was a member of the band The Love Ningen and someone whom he had collaborated with previously. Needing a bassist, Hirose invited a friend, Ryōhei Nagashima of the band The Telephones, to join the band; Nagashima in turn invited Louie Sakaguchi to serve as the band's drummer. The band debuted on June 8, 2015 as a highlight of Hirose's birthday live. The band's name came after Okamoto saw a bar named Philippine Pub Friends and sent photos of it to the other band members, who decided that the word Friends would make a good band name. In 2016, Tarō Miura, formerly of the band Holidays of Seventeen, joined Friends.
Many of the band's early releases were only released at their live performances or by mail order, although their first mini-album Show-Time sold over 3,000 copies. Their first full album was released on April 5, 2017. Their next release was the mini-album on November 22, 2017. This was followed by the extended play on March 21, 2018. They released their second album on August 1, 2018.
The band released the single on June 26, 2019; "Tanoshimou" was used as the theme song to the film Bento Harassment, while "I o You" was used as the ending theme to the television drama What Did You Eat Yesterday?.
In December 2020, it was announced that Hirose would suspend activities with the band and would not appear in their upcoming performances; he would ultimately leave the band in April 2021 after his contract was canceled over unspecified issues. The band released the single on March 17, 2021; the title song was used as the ending theme to the anime television series Horimiya. They released their third album Solar on August 4, 2021.
Members
Current members
Okamoto serves as the band's lead vocalist. She is also active as a solo musician.
Nagashima serves as the band's leader and bassist. He also serves as bassist of the rock band The Telephones. He was chosen to be the leader after a game of Uno.
Miura serves as the band's guitarist, replacing an earlier temporary member.
Sakaguchi, formerly of the band The Mirraz, serves as the band's drummer.
Former members
Hirose served as the band's keyboardist, composer, and secondary vocalist, before leaving in April 2021.
Discography
Singles
(Release date: June 26, 2019)
(Release date: June 17, 2020)
(Release date: March 17, 2021)
Extended plays
(Release date: March 21, 2018)
Albums
(Release date: April 5, 2017)
(Release date: August 1, 2018)
Solar (Release date: August 4, 2021)
Mini-albums
(Release date: November 22, 2017)
References
External links
Official website
2015 establishments in Japan
Japanese rock music groups
Musical groups established in 2015
Musical groups from Tokyo
Sony Music Entertainment Japan artists
List of compositions by Arlene Sierra.
Works for orchestra
Bird Symphony for Orchestra (2021)
Nature Symphony for Orchestra (2017)
Moler for Orchestra (2012)
Game of Attrition for Chamber Orchestra (2009)
Aquilo for Orchestra (2001)
Aquae for Orchestra (2000)
Ballistae for Orchestra (2000)
Mantegna Diptych for Orchestra (2000)
Soloist and orchestra
Art of War Concerto for Piano and Orchestra (2010)
Dedication and Dance Trombone Concerto for Orchestra or Symphonic Winds (1994, revised 2003)
Wind ensemble
Dedication and Dance Trombone Concerto for Orchestra or Symphonic Winds (1994, revised 2003)
Large ensemble (7 or more players)
Colmena for 14 Players (2008)
Cicada Shell for Septet (2006)
Tiffany Windows for 12 players (2002)
Four Choreographic Studies for 10 Players (2001)
Ballistae for 13 Players (2000)
Soloist and large ensemble (7 or more players)
Neruda Settings for Soprano and Chamber Ensemble (2002–5)
Works for 2 to 6 players
Butterflies Remember a Mountain for Piano Trio (2013)
Avian Mirrors for Violin and Cello (2013)
Insects in Amber String Quartet (2010)
Surrounded Ground for Sextet (2008)
A Conflict of Opposites for Violin or Clarinet and Piano (2005)
Truel for Piano Trio or Clarinet Trio (2004–7)
Truel 1 for Piano Trio or Clarinet Trio (2002–3)
Counting-Out Rhyme for Cello and Piano (2002)
Zwei Huhner for Oboe and Trombone (200o)
Harrow-Lines for Quintet (1999)
of Risk and Memory for Two Pianos (1997)
Four Love Songs for Viola and Piano (1993)
Duo for Violoncelli (1993)
Solo works
Birds and Insects, Book 2 for Solo Piano and recorded birdsong (2015–18)
Cricket-Viol for Solo Viola/Voice (2010)
Birds and Insects, Book 1 Piano Solo (2007)
The Art of Lightness Flute Solo (2006)
Two Etudes After Mantegna Cello Solo (1998)
Solo voice and up to 6 players
Hearing Things for Soprano and Piano (2008)
Streets and Rivers for Baritone and Piano (2007)
Two Neruda Odes for Soprano, Cello and Piano (2004)
Hand Mit Ringen for Soprano and Trio (2002)
Three Descriptions for Soprano and Piano (1997)
Electroacoustic works
Urban Birds for 3 Pianos with Percussion and Recorded Birdsong (2014)
Birds and Insects, Book 2 for Solo Piano and recorded birdsong (2015–18)
Works with film
Studies in Choreography chamber ensemble score to two Maya Deren films (2019)
Ritual in Transfigured Time chamber ensemble score to the Maya Deren film (2016)
Meditation on Violence chamber ensemble score to the Maya Deren film (2012)
Opera and music theatre
Cuatro Corridos – Dalia Opera Scena for Soprano and Ensemble (2013)
Faustine Opera in one act for 5 Singers and Orchestra (2011–)
Dance
Four Choreographic Studies for 10 Players (2001)
Chorus
Alike Dissolving for SATB, Children's Choir and String Orchestra (2001)
Alike Dissolving for Unaccompanied SATB (2001)
Alleluya (Bitter-Sweet) for four men's voices or SATB Chorus (2000)
References
Arlene Sierra's Website
Cecilian Music Publishing Website
Sierra, Arlene
Don Francisco Javier del Granado y Granado (27 February 1913 – 15 May 1996), was a poet laureate and favorite son of Bolivia.
Biography
Born into an aristocratic family with a rich literary pedigree, he spent most of his youth on his family's hacienda near Arani, in the department of Cochabamba, Colpa-Ciaco, a colonial-era estate in existence since the 16th century. A quiet life filled with the joys of living in the countryside greatly influenced his works, which combine epic imagery and storytelling with bucolic settings as well as rural and indigenous themes and the use, in addition to Spanish, of indigenous languages, primarily Quechua (the language of the Incas). In its turn toward native subjects as well as in its use of a formal battery of traditional forms, such as the ballad and the sonnet, his extensive body of poetry has been compared with that of Mexico's preeminent man of letters Alfonso Reyes.
Bolivia's leading poetic light achieved widespread acclaim and recognition, receiving a multitude of national and international awards over a career that spanned more than half a century. His death was marked by three national days of mourning, and his funeral was a state event. Bolivia has dedicated a plaza and two avenues (one of them, La Paz's longest boulevard) in his honour, and put up a monument to his memory.
Poet of the Bolivian Revolution
Along with Víctor Paz Estenssoro and others, del Granado formed the Movimiento Nacionalista Revolucionario. The MNR was at the forefront of the Bolivian Revolution of 1952, which radically changed the country, bringing about land redistribution, universal suffrage, and nationalization of the major tin mines.
Granado family
He comes from a literary family that traces its roots back in colonial America to that outstanding humanitarian figure who was the Count of Cotoca. His father, Félix del Granado, a notable writer in his own right and rector of the University of San Simón, founded the Bolivian Academies of Language and History. His uncle, the Venerable Francisco María del Granado, a man of deep compassion and a deeply spiritual and holy bishop, was also a gifted orator and writer; particularly dedicated in his concern and love for the poor and Native Americans, he was instrumental in steering the Catholic Church amid a critical era of anticlerical persecution during the 19th century. Bolivian human-rights lawyer Juan del Granado is also a member of this family.
Notes
Bibliography
The major collections of his poems are:
Rosas pálidas (1939)
Canciones de la tierra (1945)
Santa Cruz de la Sierra (1947)
Cochabamba (1959)
Romance del valle nuestro (1964)
La parábola del águila (1967)
Antología poética de la flor natural (1970)
Terruño (1971)
Estampas (1975)
Vuelo de Azores (1980)
Canto al paisaje de Bolivia (1982)
Cantares (1992)
Sources
Caceres Romero, Adolfo, Diccionario de la Literatura Boliviana, Second Edition, La Paz, 1997
External links
Javier del Granado Literary Foundation
Bolivian male poets
1913 births
1996 deaths
People from Cochabamba
20th-century Bolivian poets
20th-century male writers
A meeting is when two or more people come together to discuss one or more topics, often in a formal or business setting, but meetings also occur in a variety of other environments. Meetings can be used as form of group decision making.
Definition
A meeting is a gathering of two or more people that has been convened for the purpose of achieving a common goal through verbal interaction, such as sharing information or reaching agreement. Meetings may occur face-to-face or virtually, as mediated by communications technology, such as a telephone conference call, a skyped conference call or a videoconference. One Merriam-Webster dictionary defines a meeting as "an act or process of coming together" - for example "as [...] an assembly for a common purpose [...]".
Meeting planners and other meeting professionals may use the term "meeting" to denote an event booked at a hotel, convention center or any other venue dedicated to such gatherings.
Anthropologist Helen B. Schwartzman defines a meeting as "a communicative event involving three or more people who agree to assemble for a purpose ostensibly related to the functioning of an organization or group." For her, meetings are characterized by "multiparty talk that is episodic in nature, and participants either develop or use specific conventions for regulating this talk."
Types of meetings
The term "meeting" may refer to a lecture (one presentation), seminar (typically several presentations, small audience, one day), conference (mid-size, one or more days), congress (large, several days), exhibition or trade show (with staffed stands being visited by passers-by), workshop (smaller, with active participants), training course, team-building session and kick-off event.
Common types of meeting include:
Committee meeting, a coming-together of a defined subset of an organization
Investigative meeting, generally when conducting a pre-interview, exit interview or a meeting among the investigator and representative
Kickoff meeting, the first meeting with a project team and the client of the project to discuss the role of each team-member
Town hall meeting, an informal public gathering.
Work meeting, which produces a product or intangible result such as a decision; compare working group.
Board meeting, a meeting of the board of directors of an organization
Management meeting, a meeting among managers
Staff meeting, typically a meeting between a manager and those that report to that manager
Team meeting, in project contexts - a meeting among colleagues working on various aspects of a team project.
Other varieties include breakfast meetings off-site meetings (or Awayday meetings in the UK), and "stand-up meetings" where participants stand up to encourage brevity.
Since a meeting can be held once or often, the meeting organizer has to determine the repetition and frequency of occurrence of the meeting: one-time, recurring meeting, or a series meeting such as a monthly "lunch and learn" event at a company, church, club or organization in which the placeholder is the same, but the agenda and topics to be covered vary. In Russian, a "flying meeting" () is a hastily-called brief meeting.
Conversational analysis
Meetings have been studied using conversation analysis. Meetings are thought of as a distinct speech exchange system with different norms and rules. Participants may move in and out of the conversation exchange system during the meeting. A meeting will often have a chair who has some control over the discussion in the meeting. The chair may have a superior position in a social hierarchy or be appointed as a facilitator.
The beginning of the meeting speech exchange system is often indicated by nonverbal cues, or stating the purpose of the meeting. In formal meetings, the chair has control over turn-taking in a conversation. In informal meetings the participants often decide for themselves who turn taking functions with the chair occasionally intervening. Non-verbal communication with the chair may be used to take a turn.
Often the chair will control the choice of topic of discussion, different chairs will control the conversation in different ways. A pre-closing formulation is an individuals summarization of the groups understanding of a topic. Silence is often used to indicate agreement to this final formalization. Turns within a topic are expected to be related to previous turns of the topic as a whole. In settings turns are long and more loosely related to the previous turns. In these cases, the speaker may introduce the subject matter of the turn and related it to the agenda topic.
See also
References
Further reading
112 pages.
Vantika Agrawal (born 28 September 2002) is an Indian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster.
Biography
In 2016, Agrawal won bronze medal in World Youth Chess Championship U14 girls age group.
In 2020 she, with Indian national team, won FIDE Online Chess Olympiad 2020.
In 2021 Vantika Agrawal won silver medal in Indian Junior Girls Online Chess Championship and won gold medal in Indian Junior Senior Women Chess Championship. At the same year she also won FIDE Binance Business Schools Supercup.
In November 2021 in Riga Vantika Agrawal ranked in 14th place in FIDE Women's Grand Swiss Tournament 2021.
She received the Woman Grandmaster (WGM) title in 2021 and the Woman International Master (WIM) title in 2017.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Indian female chess players
Chess woman grandmasters
Cristian Simari Birkner (born October 4, 1980 in San Carlos de Bariloche) is an Argentinian alpine skier. He competed in the 2002, 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics. He served as Argentina's flag bearer at the 2010 Winter Olympics opening ceremony. and followed in 2014 as flagbearer. He is the brother of fellow alpine skiers María Belén Simari Birkner and Macarena Simari Birkner.
References
1980 births
Living people
People from Bariloche
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine people of German descent
Argentine male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Argentina
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
"Glad to Know You" is a 1981 dance single by the former keyboard/guitarist for Ian Dury & The Blockheads, Chaz Jankel. After previous single releases "3,000,000 Synths" and "Ai No Corrida", "Glad to Know You" reached number one on the US, Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart, remaining there for seven weeks, and becoming the biggest dance single of 1982. On other US charts, "Glad to Know You", reached number 57 on the US R&B chart. It also reached number 102 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart.
Cover versions
In 1983, Kitty Grant recorded a cover of the song for her second album of the same name.
In 2012, the Venezuelan group, Los Amigos Invisibles recorded an English-language cover.
References
1981 songs
1981 singles
A&M Records singles
Chaz Jankel songs
Dance-pop songs
Disco songs
Songs written by Chaz Jankel
Songs written by Ian Dury
Meshcheryakov or Mescheryakov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Meshcheryakova or Mescheryakova. It may refer to:
Andrei Meshcheryakov (footballer) (born 1984), Russian football player
Andrei Meshcheryakov (swimmer) (born 1994), Russian swimmer
Natalya Meshcheryakova (born 1972), Russian swimmer
Yuriy Meshcheryakov (1946–2001), Soviet, Russian and Ukrainian animator
Russian-language surnames
The AJS S3 V-twin is a British motorcycle designed and built by the Wolverhampton, England company A. J. Stevens & Co. Ltd. Launched in 1931, the AJS S3 was a 496 cc transverse V-twin tourer with shaft primary drive (but chain final drive), three-speed bevel-driven gearbox and alloy cylinder heads. The 50 degree V configuration was effective for air cooling and with a tank top 'dashboard' was conceived as a luxury cruiser. It had been expensive to develop and at £65 was more expensive than the AJS of the same year, so the S3 did not sell in large numbers, and by the end of 1931 AJS had gone into liquidation and been taken over by Matchless motorcycles who discontinued production.
See also
List of motorcycles of the 1930s
References
External links
AJS S3
S3 V-twin
Motorcycles introduced in the 1930s
Julia was a Herodian Princess who lived in the 1st century and possibly in the 2nd century in the Roman Empire.
She was of Jewish, Nabataean, Edomite, Greek, Armenian and Persian ancestry. Julia was the daughter of the Herodian Prince, later King, Tigranes VI of Armenia and his wife Opgalli. In the spring of 58 her father was crowned as King of Armenia by Roman Emperor Nero in Rome and ruled there until 63. Julia had a brother called Gaius Julius Alexander, who was the Roman Client King of the Kingdom of Cetis, a small region in Cilicia.
Her paternal grandparents were the Judean Prince Alexander and his unnamed wife. Through her father, Julia was the great, granddaughter of Cappadocian Princess Glaphyra and Judean Prince Alexander. Julia was the great, great granddaughter of King Archelaus of Cappadocia, King of Judea Herod the Great and his wife Mariamne. Julia along with her brother and father were last the known descendants of the Kings of Cappadocia.
Little is known on Julia's life. At an unknown date Julia married a Roman Senator called Marcus Plancius Varus. Varus was a prominent and wealthy Roman, who owned large estates in Galatia. Varus served as a Proconsul in Bithynia and later in Pontus during the reign of Roman Emperor Vespasian who ruled in the Roman Empire 69–79.
After Varus concluded his term as a Proconsul, he and Julia settled in Perga, the capital of the Roman province of Pamphylia. Julia became a priestess and served in the temple of the Ancient Greek Goddess Artemis in Perga. Artemis was the most important Goddess in Perga.
Julia bore Varus two children who were:
Son, Gaius Plancius Varus, who became a Roman Senator and served as a consul during the reign of Roman Emperor Hadrian, who reigned 117–138. Gaius like his father became a prominent patron and prominent citizen in Perga.
Daughter, Plancia Magna. Plancia Magna married a man of Roman Senatorial rank from Perga, a local citizen called Gaius Julius Cornutus Tertullus. Cornutus Tertullus and Plancia Magna had a son called Gaius Julius Plancius Varus Cornutus, who was Julia and her husband's only grandchild. Plancia Magna like her father and brother became a prominent patron and prominent citizen in Perga.
Sources
https://web.archive.org/web/20050104093812/http://www.iznik.bel.tr/bld-gov/eng/eistkapi.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080509195203/http://www.serifyenen.com/heritage_Summer2005.asp
acsearch.info ancient coin search engine: Kings of Armenia
1st-century Romans
Herodian dynasty
People from Roman Anatolia
Julii
1st-century Roman women
Michael Konyves is a Canadian film and television screenwriter. He is best known for his screenplay for the comedy-drama film Barney's Version (2010), which earned him a Genie Award for Best Adapted Screenplay nomination. His notable credits include the television films Descent (2005), Solar Attack (2006), Fire and Ice: The Dragon Chronicles (2008), and the television series Bad Blood (2017).
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Canadian screenwriters
Canadian television writers
Writers from Montreal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Buddies Thicker Than Water is a Tom and Jerry animated short film, released on November 1, 1962. It was the twelfth and penultimate cartoon in the series to be directed by Gene Deitch and produced by William L. Snyder in Czechoslovakia. The short's title is a pun on the phrase "Blood is thicker than water". It was also one of the few shorts to
have Deitch provide the voice of Tom Cat and Jerry Mouse.
Plot
On a snowy night in New York City, Jerry is comfortably asleep in his hole inside a fourteenth floor penthouse of Expensive Arms Apartments, while Tom tries to keep from freezing to death below in the alley near the entrance lobby after getting evicted by his new lady owner. He writes a note, slips it into a bottle, and throws it up to hit the penthouse window. However, the bottle lands back down and covers Tom's head, so he blows it back up and this time it reaches the top floor with success. Jerry, awakened by the noise, goes out to the balcony and finds both this note and a second one sent up by Tom:
"Help! I'm freezing. Your old pal, Tom"
"P.S. I'm also starving. Tom"
Rushing to the alley right outside the entrance lobby, Jerry finds the frozen-solid Tom and drags him back upstairs on a trash can lid. He then sets Tom inside the hot-air vent, thaws him out with an electric blanket. Tom thanks Jerry by kissing him on the cheek. Jerry then provides him with an "Instant Gourmet" dehydrated meal.
Tom and Jerry lounge about the penthouse, listening to music and drinking everything in the owner's liquor cabinet. Her return startles the inebriated pair, and Jerry dives into his hole as she grabs Tom and prepares to throw him out again. Tom grabs Jerry and shows him to the owner, throwing her into a panic until he pitches the mouse off the balcony, betraying him. While Tom enjoys the owner's favor, Jerry angrily digs himself out of the snow and sneaks back in, using some of the owner's face powder to disguise himself as a ghost.
When Jerry puts an album of spooky music on the stereo and switches off the lights, Tom believes that the mouse's ghost has come to haunt him. He flees through the penthouse and out onto the balcony's edge, where the snow washes off part of Jerry's makeup and exposes the ruse. Tom prepares to strike back, but before he can do so, the snowdrift under his feet gives way and he falls down to the same alley right outside the entrance lobby. He quickly writes a new note and throws it up to Jerry:
"Help! It's freezing down here! Your old pal, Tom"
Jerry responds by throwing a pair of ice skates and a hockey stick down to him, then goes back to his hole to finish sleeping.
Censorship
The scene showing Tom and Jerry drinking champagne is cut in the UK and Middle East.
References
External links
1962 films
1962 short films
1962 comedy films
1962 animated films
Films directed by Gene Deitch
Films set in New York City
Tom and Jerry short films
1960s American animated films
Animated films without speech
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer short films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer animated short films
Films set in New York (state)
Rembrandt Films short films
Dina Ercilia Boluarte Zegarra (born 31 May 1962) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician who is the current Vice President of Peru since 2021. She has been a RENIEC official since 2007.
Early life and education
She was born in Chalhuanca, Apurímac, on 31 May 1962. She graduated as a lawyer from the University of San Martín de Porres and did postgraduate studies at that university.
Career
She is president of the Apurímac Club in Lima. She has worked at National Registry of Identification and Civil Status as a lawyer and head of the office since 2007.
A resident of the Surquillo of Lima, she was a mayoral candidate of the district in 2018 with the Free Peru party. She also participated in the extraordinary parliamentary elections in 2020 with Free Peru, though she did not obtain a congressional seat. She was part of the presidential ticket of Pedro Castillo, which was victorious in the run-off.
On 29 July 2021, she was appointed Minister of Development and Social Inclusion in the government of Pedro Castillo.
In January 2022, during an interview with La República, Boluarte stated that she never embraced the ideology of Free Peru. The party's general secretary, Vladimir Cerrón, subsequently expelled Boluarte from Free Peru and posted on Twitter, "Always loyal, traitors never." Cerrón also claimed that Boluarte's comment threatened party unity.
Electoral history
References
External links
|-
|-
|-
1962 births
Living people
21st-century Peruvian women politicians
21st-century Peruvian politicians
Free Peru politicians
People from Apurímac Region
Peruvian women lawyers
Vice presidents of Peru
Women vice presidents
Government ministers of Peru
Women government ministers of Peru
University of San Martín de Porres alumni
20th-century Peruvian lawyers
Myosotis colensoi is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae, endemic to the South Island of New Zealand. Thomas Kirk described the species in 1896. Plants of this species of forget-me-not are perennial rosettes with bracteate inflorescences and white corollas.
Taxonomy and etymology
Myosotis colensoi (Kirk) J.F.Macbr. is in the plant family Boraginaceae and was originally described (as Exarrhena colensoi Kirk) in 1896 by Thomas Kirk. M colensoi is morphologically most similar to M. cheesemanii, from which it can be distinguished by its rosette laminas which are longer (> 6.8 mm) with a larger length : width ratio (2.2–3.1 : 1), shorter petioles, and larger rosettes.
The type specimen of Myosotis colensoi is lodged at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa, Wellington (herbarium WELT).
The specific epithet, colensoi, is named after New Zealand missionary and botanist, William Colenso 1811–1899).
Phylogeny
Myosotis colensoi was shown to be a part of the monophyletic southern hemisphere lineage of Myosotis in phylogenetic analyses of standard DNA sequencing markers (nuclear ribosomal DNA and chloroplast DNA regions). Within the southern hemisphere lineage, species relationships were not well resolved.
Description
Myosotis colensoi plants are single rosettes that grow close together forming loose clumps. The rosette leaves have petioles 2–16 mm long. The rosette leaf blades are 4–15 mm long by 0.6–2 mm wide (length: width ratio 2.2–3.8: 1), oblanceolate to narrowly obovate or rarely narrowly elliptic to elliptic, widest at or above the middle, with an obtuse and often retuse apex. The upper surface of the leaf is densely covered in straight, mostly appressed, antrorse (forward-facing) hairs that are parallel to the mid vein, while on the lower surface the hairs are the same but often only a few isolated hairs are present. Each rosette has 3–13 prostrate, unbranched, bracteate inflorescences that are (14)32–76 mm long. The cauline leaves on the lower part of the inflorescence are similar to but smaller than the rosette leaves, but usually sparsely to densely hairy on the lower surface, and decrease in size and become sessile toward the tip. There can be up to 12 flowers in each inflorescence, each one borne on a short pedicel and with a bract. The calyx is 3–7 mm long at flowering and 4–8 mm long at fruiting, lobed to about a third of its length, and densely covered in short, straight, appressed to patent, antrorse hairs. The corolla is white up to 9 mm in diameter, with a cylindrical tube, petals that are obovate to very broadly broadly obovate and flat, and small yellow scales alternating with the petals. The anthers are partially exserted, with the tips only surpassing the scales. The four smooth, shiny, medium brown nutlets are 1.3–1.8 mm long by 0.8–1.1 mm wide and ovoid (rarely narrowly ovoid) in shape.
Myosotis colensoi has M. australis type pollen.
The chromosome number of M. colensoi is 2n = 46 (CHR100916). The breeding system of Myosotis colensoi is outcrossing, as the flowers are 'always herkogamous', with a high pollen : ovule ratio, and no seed production in enclosed flowers. Nevertheless, the species is also fully self-compatible.
Myosotis colensoi flowers and fruits from (September–)November–January(–April).
Distribution and habitat
Myosotis colensoi is endemic to the South Island of New Zealand in Marlborough (Chalk Range) and Canterbury (Castle Hill area), from 610–1050 m ASL. M. colensoi is found on dry, exposed limestone. In Canterbury, it may be found with the Castle Hill buttercup, Ranunculus paucifolius. It is considered to be an obligate calcicole.
Conservation status
The species is listed as Threatened - Nationally Critical in the most recent assessment (2017-2018) of the New Zealand Threatened Classification for plants. It also has the qualifiers "RR" (Sparse) and "Sp" (Sparse).
References
External links
Myosotis colensoi occurrence data from Australasian Virtual Herbarium
colensoi
Endemic flora of New Zealand
Endangered flora of New Zealand
Plants described in 1896
Taxa named by Thomas Kirk
The 1801 English cricket season was the 30th in which matches have been awarded retrospective first-class cricket status and the 15th after the foundation of the Marylebone Cricket Club. The season saw three top-class matches played in the country.
Thomas Boxall published the earliest known instructional book on cricket called Rules and Instructions for Playing at the Game of Cricket etc..
Matches
Only three top-class matches were played during the season, all of them staged at Lord's Old Ground. Two matches saw an England XI play Surrey sides. The other match was played between sides assembled by Thomas Mellish and W Turner.
Debutants
1801 debutants included:
Henry Burrows
William Lambert
Thomas Onslow
References
Further reading
Altham HS (1962) A History of Cricket, Volume 1 London: George Allen & Unwin.
Birley D (1999) A Social History of English Cricket. London: Aurum.
Major J (2007) More Than a Game: The Story of Cricket's Early Years. London: HarperCollins.
1801 in English cricket
English cricket seasons from 1787 to 1815
"My Baby" is a single by Hungarian artist Kállay Saunders. It was released as a single 8 August 2012 for digital download in the Hungary. My Baby was a top contender for the Hungarian Eurovision A Dal qualifiers.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "My Baby" was first released digitally on 8 February 2013 at a total length of two minutes and fifty nine seconds.
Eurovision A Dal
My Baby was a top contender for Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013, ending up as the runner-up in the Hungarian qualifiers.
Chart performance
"My Baby" debuted at number 3 on the Hungarian charts on 4 November 2012. The song peaked the MAHASZ Top 40 Radio Charts at number one.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Track listings
Digital download
"My Baby" – 2:59
Credits and personnel
Vocals – Kállay Saunders,
Producer – Krisztián Burai, Ernő Bodóczki, Leslie Tay, John Alexis
Lyrics – Kállay Saunders, Leslie Tay
Label: Today Is Vintage
Release history
References
2012 singles
Number-one singles in Hungary
Peter Rusnák (born 6 September 1950 in Humenné, Slovakia) is the current bishop of the Eparchy of Bratislava.
Life
Peter Rusnák, son of a Greek Catholic priest, was born in Humenné, a city in the eastern Slovakia. At the time of the communist regime in the former Czechoslovakia, the family was harassed by the state government. Peter Rusnák graduated in theology in the Roman Catholic University in Bratislava, at the same time it was the only Catholic School on the present territory of Slovakia during the Communist government in Czechoslovakia. Rusnák on 16 June 1987 in Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Prešov was ordained priest. As Apostolic Administrator Rusnák was in the following Greco-Catholic parishes pastoral operates in Kapišová, Prešov, Vranov nad Topľou, Petrová and Bardejov. From 1990 to 1993, Rusnák took spiritual care in the Greek Catholic seminary in Prešov to Greek Catholic seminarians.
From 1994 to 1995 he took over in the Prešov archeparchy the duties of the Roman Curia. From 1995 to 1998 Rusnák worked as director of the Curia. For 13 years, from 1990 to 2003, Peter Rusnák taught the subjects of pastoral theology and homiletics at the Greek-Catholic Faculty in Prešov. In addition Rusnák worked as a member of the Liturgical Commission. Pope Benedict XVI appointed Peter Rusnák on 30 January 2008 Bishop of the Eparchy of Bratislava. The solemn ordination took place on 16 February 2008. Since 24 February 2008 Peter Rusnák is bishop of the Eparchy of Bratislava.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/brusna.html
Slovak Greek Catholic bishops
1950 births
Living people
People from Humenné
Slovak Eastern Catholics
Edgar Harold Andrews (born 16 December 1932) is an English physicist and engineer. He is a Emeritus Professor of Materials at Queen Mary, University of London.
Education, qualifications and specialties
After completing a BSc degree in theoretical physics at the University of London in 1953, Edgar Andrews obtained a PhD in applied physics in 1960 (more specific: solid-state physics) and a DSc (higher doctorate) in physics in 1968.
He is a Fellow of the Institute of Physics (FInstP), Fellow of the Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining (FIMMM), Chartered Engineer (CEng, UK) and Chartered Physicist (CPhys).
Andrews is also an international expert on the science of polymers (large molecules).
Career
From 1953 to 1955 he was a Technical Officer at Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd., Welwyn Garden City. From 1955 to 1963 he was a Senior Physicist at the Natural Rubber Producers' Research Association, also in Welwyn. From 1963 to 1968 he was a Reader in Materials Science. In 1967 he set up the Department of Materials at Queen Mary College, University of London, and served both as its Head and later than Dean of Engineering (1971–1974). From 1968 to 1998 he was Professor of Materials at Queen Mary and Westfield College.
Besides his work at the university, he was also a director of: QMC Industrial Research London (1970–1988), Denbyware PLC (1971–1981, non-executive director), Materials Technology Consultants Ltd (1974–present), Evangelical Press (1975–2004) and Fire and Materials Ltd (1985–1988). For five years he was a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Neste Oy, the national oil company of Finland (which later sold its chemical division and became Neste Oil). He was and remains the first president of the Biblical Creation Society, and was Editor of Evangelical Times (1998–2008).
Edgar Andrews was an international consultant to the Dow Chemical Company (USA) for over thirty years and to the 3M Company (USA) for twenty years. He also acted for many years as an expert scientific witness in a variety of cases in the British High Court and in courts in the US and Canada.
He has published well over 100 scientific research papers and books, together with two Bible commentaries and various works on science and religion and on theology. His book From Nothing to Nature has been translated into ten languages.
He is currently Co-Pastor of the Campus Church in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire.
Recognition and awards
On 28–30 September 1972, Edgar Andrews was one of four speakers invited to address an international audience of over 400 scientists at the Michigan Molecular Institute's Dedication Symposium, along with Nobel Laureates Paul J. Flory and Melvin Calvin, and Professor Donald Lyman.
Several of his research articles have appeared in the Proceedings of the Royal Society, Britain's leading scientific journal.
In 1977 Edgar Andrews was awarded the A. A. Griffith Medal and Prize by the Materials Science Club for contributions to materials science. The prize is now awarded by the IOM3.
Creationist views
Edgar Andrews is described by historian of creationism Ronald Numbers as the United Kingdom's "most respected creationist scientist of the late twentieth century", a Reformed Baptist, and a convert to Whitcomb and Morris' flood geology since the 1960s. However, Andrews rejected some elements of the latter, particularly dogmatic acceptance of a young Earth, even going so far as to suggest that the first day of creation "might be of indefinite length". However, on page 106 of his latest book Who made God?, Andrews notes – citing from his earlier work From nothing to Nature (chapter 9) – that he believes the whole universe, including the earth, was created ex-nihilo in verse 1, 'with no reference to how long ago that happened'. From verse 2 onward 'the account concentrates squarely on the earth itself'. Andrews follows E. J. Young in seeing Genesis 1:1 as describing the creation of the whole universe including the earth, with verse 2 onwards relating to the population of an 'old' earth with young features (both geographical and biological).
Huxley Memorial Debate
Edgar Andrews was invited by the Oxford Union Society to take part in the Huxley Memorial Debate on 16 February 1986, where he debated opposite Richard Dawkins on the motion 'That the doctrine of creation is more valid than the theory of evolution'. The proposer of the motion was A. E. Wilder-Smith. The opposers, Richard Dawkins and John Maynard Smith, won the debate by 198 votes to 115.
Publications
1963 – Chemistry and Physics of Rubberlike Substances – co-author. Editor: Leslie Bateman, then director of the Natural Rubber Producers' Research Association (where Andrews was a senior physicist), Welwyn Garden City, UK (London, Maclaren; New York, Wiley).
1968 – Fracture in Polymers. A monograph.
1971 – The influence of morphology on the mechanical properties of crystalline polymers. Publication: London: Queen Mary College, Faculty of Engineering.
1971 – Deformation of Irradiated Single Crystals of Polyethylene – in collaboration with I. G. Voigt-Martin. Publication: London: Queen Mary College, Faculty of Engineering. Also published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society.
1971 – Solvent Stress Cracking and Crazing in Polymeric Glasses – Final Report (part 1 & 2 published in 1971, part 3 published in 1972) – co-authored with G. M. Levy and J. Willis. Publication: London: Queen Mary College, Faculty of Engineering.
1978 – Molecular Fracture in Polymers – co-author.
1979 – Developments in Polymer Fracture.
1980 – God, Science and Evolution. [out of print]
1984 – Creationism in confusion? Correspondence letter in Nature. A response to this article: Evolution: Creationism in confusion
1989 – From Nothing to Nature – A Basic Guide to Evolution and Creation. Translated in ten languages (as at 2012).
1994 – Christ and the Cosmos.
1996 – Free in Christ, the message of Galatians.
2003 – A Glorious High Throne, Hebrews Simply Explained.
2009 – Who made God? Searching for a Theory of Everything.
2018 - What is Man? Adam, alien or ape?.
References
External links
Biography personal website.
Edgar Andrews' own podcast.
Video
The lectures Edgar Andrews gave at the book presentation of his latest book What is Man? Adam, Alien or Ape? in The Netherlands on 23 February 2018. English with Dutch subtitles.
Audio
Debate between Edgar Andrews and atheist Robert Stovold. Premier Christian Radio (26 November 2011).
Debate between Edgar Andrews and evolutionary biologist Lewis Wolpert. Premier Christian Radio (3 December 2011).
Interview with Edgar Andrews. By Brian Auten of Apologetics 315. Date: Monday, 30 August 2010. Length: 50 minutes.
Edgar Andrews about The Grand Design, the latest book of Stephen Hawking. Interview by Bill Feltner of Pilgrim Radio. Date: Monday, 1 November 2010. Length: 25 minutes.
Interview with The Poached Egg, 4 April 2012.
Huxley Memorial Debate. The contribution of Edgar Andrews.
First lecture at the book presentation of dr. Andrews' latest book What is Man? Adam, Alien or Ape? in The Netherlands on 23 February 2018.
Second lecture at the book presentation of dr. Andrews' latest book What is Man? Adam, Alien or Ape? in The Netherlands on 23 February 2018.
1932 births
Living people
Alumni of University of London Worldwide
English physicists
British materials scientists
Polymer scientists and engineers
People from Didcot
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
British Christian creationists
English Baptist ministers
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
George Washington Hulick (June 29, 1833 – August 13, 1907) was a teacher, lawyer, soldier, judge, and a two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1893 to 1897.
Biography
Born in Batavia, Ohio, Hulick attended the public schools and graduated from Farmer's College, near Cincinnati. He took charge of Pleasant Hill Academy and taught two years. Hulick then studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1857. He subsequently commenced his law practice in Batavia.
Civil War
During the Civil War, he enlisted as a private in Company E, Twenty-second Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry on April 14, 1861. He was appointed as an orderly sergeant and afterward was elected as the captain of his company. Hulick was discharged August 16, 1861, when the regiment's three-month term of enlistment expired.
Political career
He then served as the probate judge of Clermont County, Ohio, from 1864–1867, and served nine years on the board of education. He served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1868.
Presidential elector for Hayes/Wheeler in 1876.
Hulick was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-third and Fifty-fourth Congresses (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1897). He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1896.
He then resumed the practice of law in Batavia.
Death
He died in Batavia on August 13, 1907, and was interred in Union Cemetery.
See also
References
Retrieved on 2008-10-13
1833 births
1907 deaths
People from Batavia, Ohio
Union Army officers
Ohio lawyers
1876 United States presidential electors
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ken Ring is a writer from Auckland, New Zealand, who asserts that he can use lunar cycles to predict weather and earthquakes. He terms his predictions "alternative weather" and has authored books about the weather and climate. Ring publishes almanacs each year for New Zealand, Australia and Ireland in which he provides weather predictions for the entire year. His New Zealand almanac covers 64 towns. Ring's methods have been shown to be unscientific and have been widely confirmed as fake and pseudoscience by many scientists in the fields of meteorology and geology.
Ring says he predicted the 4 September 2010 Christchurch earthquake and the deadly 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. He also said there would probably be an earthquake in Marlborough or north Canterbury "just before noon" on 20 March 2011. This caused some residents to leave Christchurch and led to criticism from scientists and sceptics. Further research into his predictions showed that his forecasting record did not hold up under scrutiny.
Mathman
Ken Ring has been a mathematics teacher, musician, actor, clown, speech therapist, private tutor to children with learning difficulties, teacher of English as a second language, and part-time teachers' college lecturer. He has used magic to teach children about mathematics, performing under the name "Mathman", and has written books on mathematics, magic, teaching and music. He also co-wrote a book on reading cats' paws, which he says was a joke.
Ken has also claimed in the past to being "University Science Trained", though Ring has never shown any qualifications to support that claim.
Predicting weather
Ring is known for attempting to predict weather and authors books on "how the moon affects the weather", which include an almanac each year for New Zealand (since 1999), Australia (since 2006) and Ireland (since 2010). He believes that the cycle of weather follows a lunar pattern and can be used to predict weather many years in advance. The supposed lunar cycle that Ring uses is stated to occur every 9 years, though no such lunar cycle actually exists in reality, while the solar cycle repeats at 11-year intervals and by assessing the two Ring believes that the weather recycles through a 355-day cycle, a 19-year cycle, and a 36-year cycle. According to his website it is not an exact science - it has been shown to not follow any scientific methodology. When questioned about the proven inaccuracies in his predictions, Ring has claimed that his rainfall predictions can be out by 24 hours and a radius of .
His New Zealand almanac covers 64 towns. He also writes columns for farming and fishing publications and is an on-call weather reporter for Channel 7's Today Tonight show. He says he has provided forecasts for specific events including the Melbourne Cup, Ellerslie Flower Show and the Auckland Santa Parade. Ring speaks at various business and media events and has produced long range weather predictions for the Gisborne City Council through to 2020.
He terms his predictions "alternative weather" and they are not supported by any current science. Author of the New Zealand Weather Book and MetService employee Erick Brenstrum, wrote a column in the New Zealand Geographic analysing his 2005 predictions. He compared two weather systems (the northwest winds that bring rain to the west coast and lows that bring rain to the east coast) and has stated that out of 40 occurrences only 1 matched with Ring's predictions. Ken replied accusing Brenstrum of bullying and insists he has proof of an 85 percent success rate, to which the editor responded with: "...once you publish a book, you're fair game for public scrutiny of its content and your own competence." Retired schoolteacher and amateur astronomer Bill Keir believes Ring makes a genuine attempt at scientific discourse, but doesn't understand the science or changes it to fit with his own theories. Keir published articles in the Auckland Astronomical Society journal that examine and critique Ring's theories.
Ring says that a former client and member of the All Blacks management approached him in 2007 for forecasts on days when the team was playing, reportedly to aid in team selections. Ian Ferguson, a former Olympian and now an events organiser says he consults with Ring before any big event and has never had to cancel. Ring uses similar methods (moons position and phase) to predict when fish will bite, publishing his predictions in the NZ Fishing World magazine. Ring denies global warming, stating that it is a "motivated power grab by politicians and the far left" and "full of bad science". During the launch of his 2008 almanac he said that "we have a responsibility to create global warming" as "life likes warmth".
Earthquake prediction
Ring predicts earthquakes based on the position of the moon. On his website he says that when the moon (in particular the new moon) is at perigee (closest to the earth) it may affect the Earth's mantle and alter the magnetic field. It may also draw the Van Allen Belt closer, attracting radioactively charged particles towards Earth. Ring believes this combination may be responsible for earthquakes and volcanoes. Ring has predicted 221 days of increased earthquake risk for New Zealand in 2011 and more than half of the time between the start of January and the end of March as earthquake risk.
On his weekly Radio Waatea broadcast on 3 September 2010 he said "you'll be reading about floods and winds and earthquakes and snow over the next week or so, particularly the South Island". Early the next morning a 7.1 magnitude earthquake struck Christchurch.
On 7 September 2010 he wrote on his website that there would "probably be an east/west faultline event" in Marlborough or north Canterbury "just before noon" on 20 March 2011. The next day he wrote on Twitter, "The Christchurch earthquake was predictable. And there's another coming in 6 months." He directed readers to his website to find out just when it would be. Another two days later in a Radio Live interview, he told Marcus Lush that "the next one" would be "round about lunchtime on the 20th of March" and that "the South Island is going to be right in the firing line".
On 14 February 2011 Ring tweeted "Potential earthquake time for the planet between 15th–25th, especially 18th for Christchurch, +/- about 3 days." A deadly 6.3 magnitude aftershock struck Christchurch on 22 February.
Following the earthquakes Ring received a lot of media attention. John Campbell interviewed Ring on Campbell Live on 28 February and was criticised for being arrogant and not giving Ring a fair chance to speak. Campbell later apologised, but his interview may have unintentionally generated sympathy for Ring. Prior to 20 March 2011, Cabinet minister Nick Smith, who has a PhD in geotechnical engineering, said Ring's predictions were "reckless and irresponsible" and suggested that Ring should be "held to account for his predictions of a further earthquake in Christchurch". Smith added that "the last thing needed by thousands of traumatised people in Canterbury, including elderly and children, is junk science and made-up predictions of future major quakes." Smith described Ring as "scaremongering" and attended a lunch on 20 March at the Sign of the Kiwi, close to the epicentre of 22 February earthquake, organised by the New Zealand Skeptics organisation. After the widespread death and destruction caused by the earlier earthquakes counsellors say his prediction for 20 March terrified "even the most rational" of people. 18 March had been made a special public holiday for Christchurch, and some residents left the city for the three-day weekend of 18–20 March, citing a mix of doubt and concern over the prediction, as well as wishing to have a break from the aftershocks and to take advantage of the long weekend. A 5.1 magnitude aftershock occurred at 9:47 pm (NZDT) on 20 March, and according to his supporters validated Ring's prediction. Scientists contend there is no link with Ring's predictions, and with a quake measuring 5 or higher occurring once every 11 days since 4 September, it was within the range expected in the ongoing aftershock pattern.
David Winter, a PhD student in evolutionary genetics, analysed Ring's predictions and noted that the moon only explains a 2% variation in earthquake activity and wrote that cognitive and hindsight bias are possible reasons for so many people believing his predictions. New Zealand's TV3 news channel says they have not been able to "find a single scientist, geologist or seismologist which believes in Ken Ring's theories". Alison Campbell, a lecturer in science education at the University of Waikato, criticised Ring's predictions for "imprecision", "inconsistencies", and being "vaguely worded", and described Ring as "hedging his bets."
One such example of confirmation bias is a Ring prediction from 2011, which was reported in an article for local Wellington newspaper, the Upper Hutt Leader. On 14 November 2016, Kaikoura and Wellington city experienced a M7.8 earthquake. Ring was quoted in 2011 as saying "I do expect earthquake activity exceeding 7 on the Richter to come about every 11 to 13 years, as they have done in Wellington in February 1893, August 1904, August 1917, July 1929, August 1942, May 1968 and May 1992. As the last in the series of above-7s was in 1992 we can reasonably expect a 7 mag between 2013 and 2016," allowing a full four-year window for an earthquake to occur, making the "prediction" useless.
References
External links
Predict Weather - the website of Ken Ring Ltd
Ken Ring at NZ Skeptics
New Zealand writers
Living people
People from Auckland
Environmental skepticism
People associated with the 2011 Christchurch earthquake
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zwei (German: "two") may refer to:
Zwei (band), a Japanese duo band
ZWEI, a text editor
Zwei!!, an action role-playing video game developed by the Nihon Falcom Corporation
Zwei, a team in Infinite Ryvius anime series
Zwei, a character in Phantom of Inferno anime series
Zwei, a Pembroke Welsh Corgi in the anime series RWBY.
Project Zwai, the codename for the video game The Evil Within
Iodotrifluoroethylene is the organofluorine compound with the formula . It is a volatile colorless liquid.
Preparation and reactions
It is prepared by iodination of trifluorovinyl lithium.
Iodotrifluoroethylene reacts with cadmium metal to give CdC2F3(I).
It reacts with nitric oxide under UV light, producing a nitroso compound, with iodine as a byproduct:
2 + 2 NO → 2 +
References
Organofluorides
Organoiodides
Haloalkenes
The Zhucheng Campaign (诸城战役) was a campaign fought in Shandong, and it was a clash between the communists and the former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime force who rejoined the nationalists after World War II. The battle was one of the Chinese Civil War in the immediate post World War II era, and resulted in communist victory.
Prelude
Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, this conflict also rooted from the fact that Chiang Kai-shek had realized that his nationalist regime simply had neither the sufficient troops nor enough transportation assets to deploy his troops into the Japanese-occupied regions of China. Unwilling to let the communists who had already dominated most of the rural regions in China to further expand their territories by accepting the Japanese surrender and thus would consequently control the Japanese occupied regions, Chiang Kai-shek ordered the Japanese and their turncoat Chinese puppet regime not to surrender to the communists and kept their fighting capabilities to "maintain order" in the Japanese occupied regions, fighting off the communists as necessary, until the final arrivals and completion of the deployment of the nationalist troops. As a result, most members of the Japanese puppet regimes and their military forces rejoined the nationalists.
However, most of these former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime forces were not from Chiang Kai-shek's own clique, but instead, they were mainly consisted of troops of warlords who were only nominally under the Chiang Kai-shek's before World War II, since they were nationalists in name only and mostly maintained their independent and semi-independent status. These warlords were only interested in keeping their own power and defected to the Japanese side when Japanese invaders offered to let them keep their power in exchange for their collaborations. After World War II, these forces of former Japanese puppet regimes once again returned to the nationalist camp for the same reason they defected to the Japanese invaders. Obviously, it was difficult for Chiang to immediately get rid of these warlords for good as soon as they surrendered to Chiang and rejoined nationalists, because such move would alienate other factions within the nationalist ranks, and these former Japanese puppet regime's warlords could still help the nationalists to gain more territories by holding on to what was under their control until Chiang completed the deployment of his own troops to take over. Chiang Kai-shek's objective was to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism, which proved to be a fatal mistake for him and his nationalist regime later on, as shown in this conflict.
Nationalist strategy
In accordance with his strategy to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, Chiang Kai-shek and his followers had hoped that these former Japanese puppet regime's warlords who rejoined the nationalists would be able to hold on to the regions long enough for Chiang to deploy his own troops by holding off communists. If the communists were victorious in such conflicts, however, the result would still benefit to Chiang and China because the power of these warlords would be reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists, and the warlord problem plagued China for so long could thus be greatly reduced, while at the same time, communists would be weakened by the fights and Chiang's own troops would have easier time to take control.
For the former nationalist turned Japanese puppet regime forces, these warlords and their troops had no problem of following Chiang Kai-shek's orders, and they were eager to prove themselves. These warlords and their troops were well aware that due to the collaboration with the Japanese invaders during the Second Sino-Japanese War, they were well hated by the general population in China, including those nationalists who refused to surrender to the enemy and fought the enemy until the eventual victory. Therefore, in the impending demilitarization after World War II, they were certainly be disarmed and discharged, which would probably be the best outcome and the power of this warlord would be reduced or even eliminated as a result. Chiang Kai-shek's ordering them not surrendering to the communists and fighting off the communists was a savior for them because by carrying out such orders, these warlords and their troops could legitimize themselves and thus retain their power by fighting the communists who were targeted as rebels by Chiang Kai-shek and his nationalist regime.
Communist strategy
The communist strategy was much simpler than that of the nationalists because there was not any huge division within the communist rank like that of the nationalist. The communists already earned considerable popular support by being the only Chinese force left in the region fighting the Japanese invaders and their puppet regime after the nationalist withdrew, and after successfully establishing communist bases in the rural regions where better life was provided to the general populace in comparison to that of Japanese occupied regions, the general Chinese populace agreed that the communists were well deserved to represent the China to accept the invaders' surrender in the region and takeover the regions occupied by the invaders.
Order of battle
Nationalist order of battle
Jiao (胶) County – Gaomi – Zhucheng Coastal Defense Army (of Shandong Province) under the command of Zhang Buyun (张步云), totaling around 20,000 troops:
1st Division
2nd Division
3rd Division
Security Group (1,000+ troops)
Communist order of battle
1st Division of the Binhai (滨海) Military Region under the command of Liang Xingchu (梁兴初), totaling around 7,000 troops.
Campaign
In late August 1945, the communist launched their general counteroffensive in Shandong against the Japanese and their Chinese puppet regime force. Communist force rapidly threatened the Jiaoji Railway and Japanese strongholds around Zhucheng were isolated. On 5 September 1945, Japanese force withdrew to Gaomi, and most of the strongholds were defended by the former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime force under the command of Zhang Buyun (张步云), who rejoined the nationalists refused to surrender to the communists. Communists, in turn, decided to take the region by force.
The defenders were scattered in different locations so the communists concentrated their force by massing a single division and attacked the isolated outposts on the very same day the Japanese troops retreated. Although the defenders enjoyed the overall numerical superiority, their morale was extremely low and the sparsely stationed garrisons had no advantage when facing the attacking enemy who enjoyed local numerical superiority, so when the communist attack begun, nearly all of the garrisons abandoned their posts and fled to the safety behind the city wall of Zhucheng. As a result, most of the region had fallen into the communist hands within a single night after continuous communist assaults. By the early morning of 6 September 1945, the eastern and western passes of Zhucheng were firmly in the attackers' hands and the attackers demanded the defenders to surrender. After the defenders refused to surrender, the communists launched their general assault at 7:00 PM and after suffering a mere several hundred fatalities, the defenders' morale completely collapsed and everyone abandoned their post and fled. The commander in charge of defense, Zhang Buyun (张步云) was unable to control the situation and was forced to lead his remaining troops to retreat to Gaomi. By 8:15 PM, communists declared the town was secured after capturing over 2,100 defenders alive. Two days later, the garrison of Rizhao abandoned the city and the communist victory was completed. However, it must be said that the despite losing most of their territory, the defenders had successfully managed to keep most of their strength: they had only lost around 2,400 out of the original 20,000, and would continue to carry on the fight against the communists until June 1946.
Outcome
Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, this conflict also showed that Chiang Kai-shek's attempt to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together proved to be a fatal mistake. Although the result of the campaign turned out exactly like Chiang Kai-shek and his subordinates had predicted, and consequently the power of the warlords in this region was indeed reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists, so that the warlord problem plagued China for so long was thus reduced for this particular region, and Chiang Kai-shek's secondary objective was achieved here, any positive gains obtained by the nationalists were negated by the politic fallout. The reason was that this success of achieving the secondary objective came at a huge cost in nationalists' loss of popular support in this region formerly dominated by the Japanese, because the local population had already blamed nationalists for losing the regions to the Japanese invaders, while reassigning these former Japanese puppet regime forces as the nationalist forces to fight the communists, the only Chinese force left in the regions, only further alienated the local populace and strengthened the popular resentment to Chiang Kai-shek and his nationalist regime.
The communists did not have the dilemmas faced by the nationalists and enjoyed popular support, and thus was able to easily overwhelm their nationalist adversary, and thus achieving victory without much difficulty. Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, the political gain was much greater than the military one for the communists as result of this battle.
See also
List of Battles of Chinese Civil War
History of the People's Liberation Army
References
Zhu, Zongzhen and Wang, Chaoguang, Liberation War History, 1st Edition, Social Scientific Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 2000, (set)
Zhang, Ping, History of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Youth Publishing House in Beijing, 1987, (pbk.)
Jie, Lifu, Records of the Liberation War: The Decisive Battle of Two Kinds of Fates, 1st Edition, Hebei People's Publishing House in Shijiazhuang, 1990, (set)
Literary and Historical Research Committee of the Anhui Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, Liberation War, 1st Edition, Anhui People's Publishing House in Hefei, 1987,
Li, Zuomin, Heroic Division and Iron Horse: Records of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Communist Party History Publishing House in Beijing, 2004,
Wang, Xingsheng, and Zhang, Jingshan, Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, People's Liberation Army Literature and Art Publishing House in Beijing, 2001, (set)
Huang, Youlan, History of the Chinese People's Liberation War, 1st Edition, Archives Publishing House in Beijing, 1992,
Liu Wusheng, From Yan'an to Beijing: A Collection of Military Records and Research Publications of Important Campaigns in the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Central Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 1993,
Tang, Yilu and Bi, Jianzhong, History of Chinese People's Liberation Army in Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, Military Scientific Publishing House in Beijing, 1993–1997, (Volum 1), 7800219615 (Volum 2), 7800219631 (Volum 3), 7801370937 (Volum 4), and 7801370953 (Volum 5)
Campaigns of the Chinese Civil War
1945 in China
The Bx15 and M125 bus routes constitute the Third Avenue/125th Street Line, a public transit line in New York City. The Bx15 runs between Fordham Plaza and the Hub in the Bronx, running primarily along Third Avenue. The M125 runs between the Hub in the Bronx and Manhattanville in Manhattan, running along Willis Avenue in the South Bronx and along 125th Street in Harlem, Manhattan.
Prior to 2022, the corridor was a single bus route, the Bx15. The route is the successor to a streetcar line of the Union Railway Company and later the Third Avenue Railway known as the Willis Avenue Line or Willis Avenue−125th Street Line. The streetcar line, the first street railway in the Bronx, was known as the Harlem Bridge, Morrisania, and Fordham Railroad. The route began operation on Third Avenue in the Bronx in 1864, and the company was incorporated as the Union Railway Company in 1892. The Union Railroad applied in 1904 for extensions of several streetcar lines into Manhattan, including an extension of the Willis Avenue Line across 125th Street. The Willis Avenue Line was ultimately extended in 1916 across the 125th Street Crosstown Line.
The streetcar line was replaced by bus service in 1941; the route was known as the Bx29 prior to 1984. From 1973 to 2013 the Bx15 shared Third Avenue with the , a limited-stop service which replaced rapid transit service on the Third Avenue Elevated line between the Hub and Williamsbridge. In 2013, the Bx55 was converted into the Bx15 Limited, extending the route south to Manhattan, but eliminating service north of Fordham Plaza. The Bx15 south of the Hub was expected to be split into a new M125 bus route in 2020, but was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City; the split took place on June 26, 2022.
Route description and service
The current Bx15 bus route begins at Fordham Road and Third Avenue in today's Fordham Plaza. It runs south down Third Avenue to Third Avenue–149th Street station in the Hub, where it terminates. The Bx15 connects the two largest shopping districts in the Bronx: Fordham Road and the Hub.
The M125 bus route begins at the Hub, traveling south on Willis Avenue. At 138th Street, southbound buses turn west and travel on the Third Avenue Bridge into Manhattan, while northbound buses use the Willis Avenue Bridge from Manhattan. After crossing the bridge into Harlem, the M125 turns west along 125th Street, sharing the 125th Street Crosstown Line with several other bus routes. It terminates at the west shore of Manhattan, on 12th Avenue. In Manhattan, the M125 shares the 125th Street Crosstown corridor with two other bus routes: the local bus and the Select Bus Service route to LaGuardia Airport
On weekdays except early mornings and nights, the Bx15 Limited operates the entire route between 149th Street and Fordham Plaza, making limited stops. The Bx15 local runs between 149th Street and Fordham Plaza at all times. Local and limited buses typically run every 8 to 12 minutes all day, except during late nights, when local buses run every hour and limited service does not run. The M125 also runs every 8 to 12 minutes all day, except during late nights when buses run every hour. The M125 makes all local stops.
The Bx15 fleet is maintained from the Kingsbridge Depot. The route exclusively uses articulated buses, namely Nova Bus LFS articulated models. During weekday peak hours, OBI Orion VII NG HEV 07.501 and Nova Bus LFS long buses run on the route to fill in for articulated models.
Ridership
In 2018, the latest year for which passenger numbers are available, the Bx15 and Bx15 Limited had a combined 7,004,278 passengers, or an average of 21,777 per weekday.
History
As a streetcar line
In 1863, the first street railway was constructed in the Bronx, known as the Harlem Bridge, Morrisania, and Fordham Railroad. The route ran from the Harlem Bridge (now Third Avenue Bridge) to Fordham via Third Avenue, and began operation in 1864. It was informally called the "Huckleberry Road". In 1892, the company was incorporated as the Union Railway Company. On August 23 of that year, it was granted several streetcar franchises in the Bronx by the Board of Aldermen, as part of an expanded "Huckleberry System". This included a line from the Harlem River to the Westchester County border via Willis Avenue, Melrose Avenue, Webster Avenue, and Bronx River Road. The line was completed by fall 1895. The company would become a subsidiary of the Third Avenue Railway in 1898.
In February 1904, the Union Railroad would apply for extensions of several streetcar lines into Manhattan. This included an extension of the Willis Avenue Line from 134th Street in Mott Haven over the recently constructed Willis Avenue Bridge (opened in 1901) into East Harlem at 125th Street, connecting with lines of the Third Avenue Railway. Ten years later on July 2, 1914, the company received a permit to extend Willis Avenue service across the bridge, then west along 125th Street to Fort Lee Ferry, which connected Manhattan with Fort Lee, New Jersey. The service was requested to eliminate the required transfer to other streetcar lines. The new service was inaugurated on April 1, 1916, providing a link between the Bronx and New Jersey. The occasion was celebrated with a 7-day carnival in Harlem. Thereafter, the line became alternately known as the Willis Avenue−125th Street Line.
In its final iteration, the line traveled between Fordham and western Harlem using Third Avenue, the Willis Avenue Bridge, and 125th Street. The line terminated at a loop at 12th Avenue (Riverside Drive) between 125th Street and Saint Clair Place (geographically 129th Street). At 12th Avenue there was a connection to the Fort Lee Ferry. The line formerly proceeded further north along Webster Avenue to McClean Avenue, at the border with the city of Yonkers in Westchester County. This portion of the line was discontinued on August 18, 1935. Between 149th Street and Gun Hill Road, the line ran directly underneath the Third Avenue Elevated line, a rapid transit line which formerly ran to Lower Manhattan. The route between Fordham Plaza and the city line along Webster Avenue was also shared with the Webster and White Plains Avenues Line streetcars.
As a bus line
20th century
Beginning in the 1920s, many streetcar lines in the Bronx, Manhattan and the rest of the city began to be replaced by buses, particularly after the unification of the city's three primary transit companies in June 1940. The conversion of the Willis Avenue Line occurred in 1941, as part of the conversion of the Third Avenue Bridge and Willis Avenue Bridge into one-way spans between the Bronx and Manhattan. The new traffic pattern was instituted on the morning of August 5, 1941, and bus service along the former streetcar route began that afternoon. The bus route would be numbered 29, later the "Bx29". The bus route was operated by the Third Avenue Railway company until 1956, and by the New York City Omnibus Corporation (later under the brand Fifth Avenue Coach Lines) until 1962. That year, the New York City Transit Authority began operating the line under the subsidiary Manhattan and Bronx Surface Transit Operating Authority (MaBSTOA), which continues to operate the route under the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA).
On April 29, 1973, service on the IRT Third Avenue Line (by that time truncated to the Bronx) was eliminated and replaced by the Bx55 limited bus service, which provided free transfers to the subway at Third Avenue–149th Street and 161st Street–Yankee Stadium. On February 19, 1984, the Bronx bus system was redesigned, and southbound Bx55 service was rerouted off of Washington Avenue between 189th Street and 163rd Street and onto Third Avenue. In addition, several bus routes were redesigned, with higher-priority routes given lower numbers. As part of the 1984 changes, the Bx29 was renumbered to the Bx15. Since the Bx55 already offered free transfers to the subway, it was one of the few routes in the city to allow free transfers to the subway prior to the introduction of the MetroCard in 1993, and one of the first routes to use the MetroCard. Paper tickets were used prior to the use of MetroCard for free transfers at Third Avenue–149th Street and 161st Street—Yankee Stadium.
In June 1995, service along the Bx55 branch to Yankee Stadium via East 161st Street, stopping only at Washington Avenue and River Avenue, was discontinued to improve service for riders and reliability. While only 5% of riders used this branch, it received 21% of service on weekdays and 25% of service on weekends. Bx6 service was increased to mitigate the need to transfer to get to Yankee Stadium. In addition, free transfers were allowed between the Bx55 and intersecting bus routes, changing the route from a rapid transit replacement to a limited-stop branch of the Bx15. In 1995, New York City Transit was in the process of building a weather-protected intermodal terminal at Third Avenue–149th Street. On September 10, 1995, as part of systemwide cuts in bus and subway service to reduce the MTA's budget deficit, late night Bx55 service north of Fordham Plaza was discontinued.
On September 8, 1996, late night Bx55 service, between 1 a.m. and 4:30 a.m., was eliminated and merged with the Bx15. The frequency of Bx15 service along the entire route was reduced from running every 50 minutes to running every 60 minutes. Supplemental Bx15 service was provided between Fordham Road and 149th Street to maintain the Bx55's frequency. To maintain the transfer to the subway, bus-subway transfers were accepted on the Bx15 overnight. The change was made to eliminate duplicative service, which was lightly patronized. In addition, an unnecessary turn at 147th Street was eliminated; it had existed because a support pillar of the Third Avenue Elevated, which had been demolished for some time, had prevented northbound buses from turning directly from Willis Avenue to Third Avenue.
21st century
In June 2002, as part of an outside study, the Third Avenue corridor was identified for the implementation of bus rapid transit service, due to heavy ridership and slow travel speeds on the corridor. In February 2004, selected weekday and all weekend Bx55 trips terminated at Fordham Plaza. On June 27, 2010, evening and weekend Bx55 service was eliminated.
In 2009, as part of Phase II of the MTA and New York City Department of Transportation (DOT)'s Select Bus Service (SBS), both the Third Avenue and Webster Avenue bus corridors were studied for the implementation of a north-to-south bus rapid transit service through the South Bronx. The Limited along Webster Avenue was selected for conversion to SBS since that corridor was wider, and became the on June 30, 2013. On the same day, the Bx55 was discontinued and, on July 1, it was replaced by new Bx15 limited-stop service, which operated at all times except late nights and weekends. Service along 125th Street was replaced by Bx15 limited service, and by Bx15 local service when limited service did not run. Service north of Fordham Plaza along Webster Avenue was replaced by the Bx41 SBS. The service changes coincided with the reconstruction of Fordham Plaza's terminal area beginning in 2013, closing Third Avenue to all non-bus through traffic and constructing a bus loop to "turn" terminating Bx15 buses. The bus loop was completed in 2014.
As part of the MTA's 2017 Fast Forward Plan to speed up mass transit service, a draft plan for a reorganization of Bronx bus routes was proposed in draft format in June 2019, with a final version published in October 2019. The plan included splitting the section of the Bx15 south of the Hub into a new bus route labeled the M125. This change was proposed to be implemented by mid-2020. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City, the changes were halted for over a year. A final implementation date was announced in February 2022, and the redesign took effect on June 26, 2022.
See also
List of streetcar lines in the Bronx
List of bus routes in the Bronx
References
External links
Bx15 bus schedule
M125 bus schedule
X15
X15
M125
Streetcar lines in the Bronx
Railway lines closed in 1941
1941 establishments in New York City
Wayne Elcock (born 12 February 1974) is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1999 to 2009. He challenged once for the IBF middleweight title in 2007. At regional level, he held the British middleweight title from 2007 to 2009.
Career
Elcock was managed by Frank Maloney at the start of his career and promoted by Panix promotions before moving after 2 winning fights to Frank Warren, then later to Mick Hennessy. Elcock was trained in Leicester to begin with by Jez brogan, before moving to London to be trained by both Frank Maloney and Alan Smith, along with several visits to america to build on his skills, where Wayne worked with Goody Petronelli the trainer of former world champions Marvelous Marvin Hagler and Steve Collins at his famous Brockton gym. Wayne came back to his home town to team up with Birmingham's most successful boxing trainers brothers Paddy & Tommy Lynch. Knocking out fellow contender Darren Rhodes in 1 minute 30 seconds in Elcocks homecoming and first ever fight with the Lynch brothers in Birmingham at a sold out Aston Events Centre, this setting up his first attempt at the prestigious British title Lonsdale Belt against Plymouth's Scott Dann (boxer) in the first British title fight to ever be scored by three judges, after defeat Wayne bounced back with two back to back knockout victories one of them a British title eliminator winning by TKO against Scotland's Lawrence Murphy, who was the only other boxer to have beaten Elcock, In Wayne's next contest he faced the English champion Steven Bendall who was to be yet another stopped, but this time over eight punishing rounds and setting up his next contest where he would become the first British boxer to beat long standing British and Commonwealth champion Howard Eastman to win the coveted Lonsdale Belt in 2007, Elcock also won the Commonwealth title and the minor WBU World Middleweight title becoming the first Birmingham born fighter to ever hold a version of a World title. Elcock challenged for the IBF middleweight title against the unbeaten World champion Arthur Abraham on 8 December 2007, losing by a fifth round knockout. Wayne bounced back from his world title attempt defending the lonsdale belt with a TKO win against local Dudley rival Darren McDermott, before losing the next defence to fellow Birmingham fighter Matthew Macklin in the Battle of Brum Elcock retired after this contest at the age of 36 with a record of 23 -19 - 9 KO's to concentrate fully on his other businesses, today Wayne can be found mentoring in schools and behind the counter at Mad Dog's Boxing shop located in Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham, as well as coaching in the evening at the multi award winning company Wayne Elcock's Box Clever and training professional fighters at his Kronk Birmingham gym in Chelmsley Wood, which is not far from where he grew up in Shard End.
Professional boxing record
See also
List of British middleweight boxing champions
References
External links
Official website
www.maddogsboxing.com
www.wayneelcocksboxcleverltd.com
1974 births
Living people
English male boxers
Middleweight boxers
Boxers from Birmingham, West Midlands
Black British sportspeople
Ander Vidorreta Larrumbe (born 12 July 1997) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Real Avilés CF.
Club career
Born in Soria, Castile and León, Vidorreta represented CD Numancia as a youth. He made his senior debut with the reserves on 27 August 2016, starting in a 7–0 Tercera División home routing of SD Almazán.
Vidorreta scored his senior goal on 17 December 2016, netting the opener in a 2–0 home defeat of CD Bupolsa. On 25 June 2019, after being an ever-present figure for the B-side, he was definitely promoted to the main squad after agreeing to a one-year deal.
On 8 December 2019, Vidorreta made his first team debut by starting in a 1–3 away loss against UD Las Palmas in the Segunda División championship. On 3 October of the following year, he moved to Segunda División B side SD Tarazona on a free transfer.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
People from Soria
Sportspeople from the Province of Soria
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Castile and León
Association football midfielders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Segunda Federación players
Tercera División players
CD Numancia B players
CD Numancia players
SD Tarazona footballers
Real Avilés CF footballers
Birthana basiflava is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Georg Semper in 1899. It is found on Luzon in the Philippines.
References
Moths described in 1899
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The Rawtenstall to Bacup railway line opened in two stages, from Rawtenstall to Waterfoot in 1848, and from Waterfoot to the Bacup terminus in 1852. There were stations at Rawtenstall, Cloughfold, Stacksteads and Bacup. The line was doubled in 1880, at the same time as the line from Bacup to Rochdale was also opened (closed 1947). Passenger and freight services operated until the Beeching cuts in 1966, the last passenger train running on 5 December 1966 and the track being lifted in 1969.
As the Irwell valley is quite narrow the line had many engineering features in its 5-mile length, including 14 crossings of the River Irwell alone, plus many over and underbridges, embankments and cuttings, and tunnels at Thrutch Gorge (The Glen) in Waterfoot. Most of the bridges have been demolished or infilled in the years since closure. A foot and cycle path now follows much of the route including the 1/8 mile Newchurch No. 1 Tunnel and 1/4 mile Newchurch No 2 Tunnel.
However, there are proposals to reopen the line as part of the Governments strategy to reopen old rail lines in the country which have been closed in the 1960s or later cuts under British Rail.
References
Lost Railways of Lancashire by Gordon Suggitt ()
External links
British Railways in 1960, Ramsbottom (Stubbins Jn.) to Bacup
Closed railway lines in North West England
Railway lines opened in 1852
Rail transport in Lancashire
Railway lines closed in 1966
1852 establishments in England
Mamphela Aletta Ramphele (; born 28 December 1947) is a South African politician, an activist against apartheid, a medical doctor, an academic and businesswoman. She was a partner of anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko, with whom she had two children. She is a former vice-chancellor at the University of Cape Town and a onetime managing director at the World Bank. Ramphele founded political party Agang South Africa in February 2013 but withdrew from politics in July 2014. Since 2018, she is the co-president of the Club of Rome
Early life
Ramphele, a Mopedi, was born in the Bochum District in Northern Transvaal (now Limpopo). She completed her schooling at Setotolwane High School in 1966 and subsequently enrolled for pre-medical courses at the University of the North. Her mother, Rangoato Rahab, and her father, Pitsi Eliphaz Ramphele were primary school teachers. In 1944, her father was promoted as headmaster of Stephanus Hofmeyer School. Ramphele contracted severe whooping cough at the age of three months. The wife of the local church minister, Dominee Lukas van der Merwe, gave her mother medical advice and bought medicines for the sick child that saved her life.
In 1955, Ramphele witnessed a conflict between a racist Afrikaner church minister and the people of the village of Kranspoort. This contributed to her political awakening.
Education
Ramphele attended the G. H. Frantz Secondary School but in January 1962 she left for Bethesda Normal School, a boarding school which was part of the Bethesda teachers training college. In 1964, she moved to Setotolwane High School for her matriculation where she was one of only two girls in her class. On completion of her schooling in 1966, in 1967, Ramphele enrolled for pre-medical courses at the University of the North. In 1968, she was accepted into the University of Natal Medical School, then the only institution that allowed black students to enroll without prior permission from the government. Her meagre financial resources meant that she was forced to borrow money to travel to the Natal Medical School (now the Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela Medical School). Ramphele won the 1968 South African Jewish Women's Association Scholarship and the Sir Ernest Oppenheimer Bursary worth about R150 annually for the rest of her years at Medical School.
Ramphele received her Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBChB) from the University of Natal, a BComm in Administration from the University of South Africa as well as diplomas in tropical health & hygiene and Public Health from the University of the Witwatersrand. In 1991 she received her PhD in Social Anthropology from the University of Cape Town. Ramphele has also authored and edited a number of books.
Activism
While at university, Ramphele became increasingly involved in student politics and anti-apartheid activism, becoming one of the founders of the Black Consciousness Movement (BCM), where she met Steve Biko, with whom she had a relationship. As a member of the BCM, she was crucially involved in organising and working with community development programmes. Biko and Ramphele had two children during their affair; Lerato Biko, born in 1974, and Hlumelo Biko, born in 1978. Lerato contracted fatal pneumonia when she was two months old. Their son Hlumelo Biko was born after Biko's death. Ramphele and her son would eventually work together in the Circle Group holding company for their family investments.
Ramphele worked with the South African Students' Organisation (SASO), a breakaway from the National Union of South African Students (NUSAS) that operated on English-speaking white campuses. NUSAS had black and white students as members. SASO was formed in 1969 under the leadership of Steve Biko.
From 1970 onwards Ramphele became increasingly drawn into political activism with Biko, Barney Pityana and other student activists at the Medical School. She was elected the chairperson of the local SASO branch. Ramphele received her qualification in medicine in 1972. She began her medical internship at Durban's King Edward VIII Hospital, later transferring to Livingstone Hospital in Port Elizabeth.
In 1974, Ramphele was charged under the Suppression of Communism Act for being in possession of banned literature. In 1975, she founded the Zanempilo Community Health Care Centre in Zinyoka, a village outside King William's Town. It was one of the first primary health care initiatives outside the public sector in South Africa. During this time she was also the manager of the Eastern Cape branch of the Black Community Health Programme. She travelled extensively in the Eastern Cape, organising people to be drawn into community projects. In addition to her medical duties, Ramphele also became the director of the Black Community Programmes (BCP) in the Eastern Cape when Biko was banned. In August 1976, Ramphele was detained under Section 10 of the Terrorism Act, one of the first persons to be detained under this newly promulgated law.
In April 1977, Ramphele was issued with banning orders and banished to Tzaneen, Northern Transvaal, where she remained until 1984. A member of the local church arranged for her to live with two African nuns in a local village, Tickeyline. She later established a home for herself in Lenyenye township near Tzaneen, although she remained under police surveillance. During her stay in Tzaneen, Ramphele established the Isutheng Community Health Program, with monetary aid from the BCP. This foundation was used to empower local women, and aid them in growing vegetable gardens, amongst other initiatives.
During her stay in Tzaneen, Ramphele enjoyed occasional illicit outings to escape everyday life, as well as visits from Helen Suzman, MP of the Progressive Party. Suzman assisted Ramphele in securing a passport when Ramphele travelled abroad. Ramphele also enjoyed visits from a Father Timothy Stanton; an Anglican priest who visited her and celebrated Eucharist with her.
In 1983, she completed her BComm degree through UNISA (the University of South Africa), which she had registered for in 1975. She also completed a Postgraduate Diploma in Tropical Hygiene and a Diploma in Public Health at the University of Witwatersrand. This required that Ramphele apply for a special dispensation to travel to Johannesburg where she had to report at the John Vorster Square Police Station upon her arrival and departure.
Ramphele left Lenyenye in 1984 to go to Port Elizabeth where she was offered a job at Livingstone Hospital. However, she left to take up an appointment at the University of Cape Town (UCT) that Francis Wilson, a Professor of Economics, had arranged. She was to work with him at the South African Development Research Unit (SALDRU) as a research fellow.
Career
Ramphele joined the University of Cape Town as a research fellow in 1986 and was appointed as one of its deputy vice-chancellors in 1991. She was appointed to the post of vice-chancellor of the university in September 1996, thereby becoming the first black woman to hold such a position at a South African university. Part of her executive roles was to take charge of the university's Equal Opportunity Policy Portfolio, with the aim of changing the culture of the institution. In 1994, Ramphele was a visiting scholar at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government in Cambridge, Massachusetts, US.
In 2000, Ramphele became one of the four managing directors of the World Bank. She was tasked with overseeing the strategic positioning and operations of the World Bank Institute as well as the vice-presidency of external affairs. She was the first South African to hold this position.
Ramphele serves as a trustee of the Nelson Mandela Foundation, and served as the director of The Institute for Democratic Alternatives in South Africa (IDASA) and as a board member of the Anglo-American Corporation, non-executive director of Medi Clinic Holdings and Transnet.
Ramphele also served as a trustee for The Link SA fund, a charitable organisation that raises money to subsidise the tertiary education of South Africa's brightest underprivileged students. She was on the board of the Mo Ibrahim Foundation, an organisation that supports good governance and great leadership in Africa.
She was voted 55th in the Top 100 Great South Africans in 2004.
She is co-founder of ReimagineSA and in 2018 was voted co-president of The Club of Rome
Politics
In 2013, Ramphele expressed interest in returning to South African politics and resigned as the chairperson of Gold Fields. On 18 February 2013, she announced the formation of a new political party, named Agang South Africa (Agang is Northern Sotho for "Build"), intended to challenge the African National Congress.
Some critics have challenged Ramphele's drawing on Steve Biko's legacy in her political campaigns.
On 28 January 2014, Ramphele accepted an invitation from the Democratic Alliance to stand as their presidential candidate in the 2014 general election. On 31 January 2014, Ramphele issued a statement saying that she would not take up Democratic Alliance party membership and would remain the leader of Agang South Africa, resulting in confusion. On 2 February 2014, Helen Zille stated that Ramphele had reneged on her agreement to stand as the Democratic Alliance's presidential candidate. Ramphele subsequently apologised for the reversal of her decision, saying that the timing was not right as the reaction to it had shown people were unable to overcome race-based party politics.
Agang South Africa won two seats in the National Assembly of South Africa. Following internal conflict within the party, Ramphele announced her withdrawal from politics on 8 July 2014.
Honorary degrees and awards
Ramphele has received twenty-three honorary degrees and numerous awards, including:
Honorary doctorate at the International Institute of Social Studies, The Hague, The Netherlands, in 1997.
Honorary Doctor of Law from the University of Cambridge in 2001.
Honorary doctorate in humane letters from Hunter College of the City University of New York in 1984.
Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Tufts University in May 1991.
Honorary doctorate in medicine from the University of Natal.
Medal of Distinction from Barnard College in the United States.
Ramphele is also a former fellow of the Bunting Institute and was elected as an honorary member of the Alpha and Iota chapters of Phi Beta Kappa at Radcliffe and Harvard Colleges.
Honorary doctorate of humane letters degree from New York University in May 2007.
Admitted to the Order of Simon of Cyrene in 2010.
Officer of the Legion of Honour, the highest decoration in France.
Lifetime Achiever Award from the National Research Foundation in 2007.
Publications
with Francis Wilson. This book draws together research conducted by the second Carnegie inquiry into poverty and development in South Africa and received the 1990 Noma Award, an annual prize given to African writers and scholars whose work is published in Africa.
co-editor with Barney Pityana, Francis Wilson, et al
co-editor with Chris McDowell, this publication deals with the ecological challenges facing post-apartheid South Africa.
This book was based on Ramphele's PhD thesis in social anthropology, The Politics of Space, and deals with life in the migrant labour hostels of Cape Town.
with Johnnetta B. Cole
See also
List of people subject to banning orders under apartheid
Notes and references
External links
Biography on Who's Who, South Africa
1947 births
Living people
People from Limpopo
Northern Sotho people
University of Natal alumni
Anti-apartheid activists
Rockefeller Foundation people
University of Cape Town academics
University of Cape Town alumni
South African activists
South African women activists
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
Biko family
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Cape Town
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
LGBT people in Brazil represent an estimated 8.35% of the Brazilian population, or approximately 20,000,000 people.
Demographics
Demographic research
A 2009 survey conducted by University of São Paulo revealed 7.8% of Brazilian males identified as gay and 2.6% identified as bisexual, for a total of 10.4% of the male population. Lesbians comprised 4.9% of the population and bisexual women comprised 1.4%, for a total of 6.3% of the female population.
The sex composition of the LGBT population is distributed as follows: 64% male and 36% female. The composition of declared sexual orientation of the study population is distributed as follows: 54% said were gay, 28% said were lesbian, 17% said were bisexual, 1% did not fit in any of the above. The education of the LGBT population is distributed as follows: 57% have higher degree (university or college) complete, 40% have high school (school) complete. The composition of housing condition of the LGBT population is distributed as follows: 52% live with parents or relatives, 22% live with partners, 20% live alone, 6% live with friends.
In 2010, a survey conducted by Ministry of Health of Brazil revealed that the Brazilian gay population has more money than heterosexual population. The homosexuals were: A and B classes, 26.9%, C class, 49.9%, D and E classes, 23.2%. The heterosexuals were: A and B classes, 18.2%, C class, 47.8%, D and E classes 34%.In 2007, a survey conducted by Insearch revealed that gays of Brazil spend 40% more on items related to leisure than heterosexuals. 84% traveled to Brazil four times over the past 12 months and 36% went abroad in the last three years. The Brazilian gays also read more, 88% read newspapers, and 94% read magazines. 73% have a habit of go to the movies three times a month on average, 46% go to the theater once a month and 57% buy eight books a year. Surpassing the national average.
Approximately 80% of Brazilian LGBTs reside in large cities, 20% came from interior. The large cities of Brazil, known as gay-friendly, often contain a number of gay-oriented establishments, such as gay bars and pubs, gay nightclubs, gay bathhouses and gay restaurants. The most famous gay village of São Paulo is the Frei Caneca Street and in Rio is the Farme de Amoedo Street.
By city
Same-sex couples
Same-sex relationships in the same home by Brazilian regions, according to the 2010 IBGE Census:
GDP per capita
Same-sex couples had more GDP per capita (annual) than Opposite-sex couples, according to the 2010 IBGE Census:
See also
LGBT rights in the Americas
LGBT rights in Brazil
LGBT people
Gay village
São Paulo Gay Pride Parade
Beyond Carnival by James N. Green
References
LGBT in Brazil
Demographics of Brazil
Morelos is a town and seat of the municipality of Morelos Municipality, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2010, the town had a population of 813, up from 735 as of 2005.
References
Populated places in Chihuahua (state)
Jan Soukens (c.1650–c.1725) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Biography
Soukens was born and died in Zaltbommel. According to Houbraken he was a pupil of Johannes Vorstermans whom he met in a market ship travelling from Dordrecht to Nijmegen in 1694. Soukens was on his way home to Zaltbommel after selling paintings at the market in Dordt, which he did twice a year. The two men enjoyed each other's company, and Soukens offered Houbraken his house to stay in, which surprised Houbraken until he realized that the houses around Zaltbommel were all pretty broken down. Soukens claimed he had two houses, one with a roof for the winter time, and one without a roof for the summer time. He had a few paintings with him that he hadn't sold, which is how Houbraken struck up the conversation. Houbraken commented that he was a pleasant man who didn't seem bothered that the demand for his art had fallen so much in recent years.
According to the RKD he was a follower of Herman Saftleven who had two sons he taught to paint; Hendrik (who travelled to Rome) and Gijsbert. He also influenced the painter known as the Monogrammist ISvM.
References
Jan Soukens on Artnet
1650 births
1725 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
People from Zaltbommel
Frederic Cecil Hunter (23 August 1886 – 21 July 1926) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire from 1905 to 1907
Hunter was born at Glossop, Derbyshire. He made his debut for Derbyshire in the 1905 season against Essex in June when he made 27 in his first innings and took a wicket. He made his top score of 51 against Sussex in the 1906 season and played his last match in the 1907 season.
Hunter was a right-hand batsman and played 49 innings in 28 first-class matches with an average of 12.26 and a top score of 51. He was a leg-break bowler and took 17 first-class wickets for an average of 40.23 and the best performance of 2 for 18.
Between 1910 and 1912 Hunter played minor county cricket for Cheshire
Hunter died at Adelaide, South Australia at the age of 39.
References
1886 births
1926 deaths
Derbyshire cricketers
English cricketers
Cheshire cricketers
Maja e Këndrevicës is a mountain in Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. It is 15 km west of the town Tepelenë and 36 km southeast of the city Vlorë. At 2,121 m elevation, it is the highest point of the mountain range Mali i Gribës, which stretches between the valleys of the rivers Vjosë and Shushicë.
See also
List of European ultra prominent peaks
References
External links
"Maja e Kendrevicës, Albania" on Peakbagger
Mountains of Albania
The Elgin Mental Health Center (formerly Elgin State Hospital & the Northern Illinois Hospital and Asylum for the Insane) is a mental health facility operated by the State of Illinois in Elgin, Illinois. Throughout its history, Elgin's mission has changed. At times, it treated mental illness, tuberculosis, and provided federally funded care for veterans. The hospital's site, which included a patient-staffed farm reached a maximum of after World War II. Its maximum population was reached in the mid 1950s with 7,700 patients. Between 1993 and 2008, most of the older buildings in the complex were demolished due to being in poor condition as the result of being abandoned for decades. The site is/was popular among teens and in the paranormal world due to its claims of hauntings in the older buildings and the hospital's cemetery.
History
Illinois' first mental hospital opened in Jacksonville, Illinois in 1851, but the need for two more hospitals serving Northern and Southern Illinois became apparent. The legislature authorized the two new hospitals on April 16, 1869. The result was the establishment of the Northern Illinois Hospital and Asylum for the Insane. The next step was to secure a location near Chicago which led to many new and growing towns to compete for the selection of the hospital. To gain this important source of future employment, the City of Elgin sold more than $40,000 worth of bonds to purchase of land southwest of the city limits and also promised to provide free freight to the site for building materials. After the site was selected in Elgin, a Board of Trustees, primarily consisting of prominent Elgin residents, were appointed to construct and run the new hospital. The Trustees followed the recommendations of the Association of Medical Superintendents of American Institutions for the Insane (AMSAII), in terms of the amount of land required and also by adopting the Kirkbride Plan for the Central Building. Colonel S. V. Shipman, who had designed the main building of the Mendota, Wisconsin State Hospital, was selected as the architect of the Elgin building. Early bids for the Center Building emerged in 1870. Construction soon began on the North wing of the Kirkbride type structure with the second phase beginning on July 1, 1873. Need for the hospital was sufficiently urgent that the facility opened during construction in 1872, with the North wing completed by that time. Construction continued simultaneously with hospital operations. The building was finally completed on July 30, 1874. As the need arose, expansions were added to the Center Building and other structures were built. The front expanse of the Center Building was just over 776 ft (236.6 m) long and was designed to be narrow in order to offer natural light and ventilation. The building was used until the mid-1970s.
Officially opening its doors on April 3, 1872, as the Northern Illinois Hospital and Asylum for the Insane, it did not take long for the hospital to receive its first criminal patient who was deemed "not guilty by reason of insanity" in 1873. This "forensic" population grew until the legislature established a separate state hospital for the forensic population in Chester, Illinois in 1889. its first superintendent was Edwin Arius Kilbourne.
The hospital eventually outgrew the Central Building and the need for more buildings was obvious. The new Annex building was opened in 1891. It featured a variation of the Kirkbride Plan as the base for its design. It was located just south of the Center Building. It added 300 additional beds to the hospital, a much-needed step due to its growing population. Sister buildings that resembled the Annex at Elgin State were also built at Jacksonville State Hospital and Anna State Hospital. The Annex was closed in 1971 and razed in 1972 to make way for a newer and more modern building.
Prior to 1894, many physically ill patients were denied admission to the state hospitals as being too infirm to benefit from care and were kept in local almshouses. However, changes in Illinois laws required that they be treated by the state hospitals. As a result, in 1894, Wing Hall opened as a detached infirmary building, bringing the total hospital capacity to 1,107 beds. In 1910, a 110-bed infirmary for female patients opened in an addition to the north end of the Center Building called "D-North" bringing the bed capacity to 1,210. These buildings were replaced in 1921 with the construction of a new general hospital located between the Central Building and the Annex. In 1967, the general hospital was replaced by a new Medical and Surgical Building. The new circular building was designed by Bertrand Goldberg, who also designed Marina City in Chicago.
The name Elgin State Hospital was adopted on January 1, 1910, shortly after the administration of all state charitable institutions came under the new Board of Administration, which replaced the previous Board of State Commissioners of Public Charities and the local board of trustees. In 1917, the Department of Public Welfare assumed responsibility for Elgin State Hospital and retained control until the creation of the Department of Mental Health in 1961 (L. 1961, p. 2666).
The hospital attracted staff by offering subsidized housing on its grounds. Both the Central Building and the Annex included staff apartments. Later a separate Nurses' Home, Staff House, Ricketts & Carriel Hall offered staff apartments. There were also at least seven single-family houses. Cooking and laundry facilities were provided to employees, but many ate in central staff dining rooms located in the Center Building and the Staff House. Senior staff had their own dining room on the second floor of the Center Building. The cost of housing, food and laundry was deducted from employee paychecks. In 1965, the hospital began to phase out staff housing, with the last residents departing in 1969.
Following World War I, the federal veteran's bureau contracted with the State of Illinois to erect new buildings on the grounds of the state hospitals to care for veterans. Elgin received the first such building, named Wilson Cottage, which was opened in 1921. The veteran's program was a "hospital within a hospital" with separate federal funding. Elgin State continued to maintain over 400 beds for ex-servicemen through the 1930s.
In 1929, the Illinois State Psychopathic Institute relocated to the grounds of Elgin State, which included schools for nursing, hydrotherapy and occupational therapy. The institute also conducted clinical trials for new drugs. Although the Institute moved to the Medical campus of the University of Illinois in 1935, its laboratory remained at Elgin State. Further innovations at Elgin came from the pastoral training of its chaplain Anton Boisen.
Beginning in 1962, a series of expansions were undertaken by architect Bertrand Goldberg. These expansions provided a new laundry building as well as additional space for patients. Goldberg's structures are currently not used. Within the next decade, many of the older buildings began to be phased out of use due to a declining population, leading to the closing of the main Center Building in 1973.
In 1975, the hospital changed its name to the present Elgin Mental Health Center.
In 1983, the Governor decided that state hospital operations would be consolidated, and closed the hospitals in Manteno and Galesburg with certain patients being transferred to Elgin. In 1987, Illinois and the United States Justice Department entered into a consent decree committing to greater resources at Elgin and improved patient care.
Farm colony
From its founding through the 1960s, the hospital maintained a farm to supply a portion of its food needs. For example, an October 1, 1880 inventory reported 285 hogs, 40 cattle and 26 horses. The original farm was located to the west of the Center Building and Annex. In the 1880s, a slaughterhouse was built along the Fox River to provide meat for the hospital. In 1929, the state purchased the farm adjacent to the southwest corner of its grounds, which brought its land area to with another under lease. The farm was adjacent to McLean Blvd on the west end of the grounds with three wards, a central kitchen, a power plant, a large dairy barn and a water tower. During the 1930s and 1940s the farm not only grew crops such as corn, but also raised 100 to 150 dairy cattle, 500 to 1,500 hogs, and 5,000 chicken at any time. The farm colony housed able-bodied male patients. The farm colony contributed approximately one-third of the total cost of food used at the hospital, which fed both patients and staff. After World War II, the hospital reached its maximum size of 1,139 acres, but later shrunk as a portion of the grounds were assigned to the State Highway Department for the construction of US Route 20 and the Elgin Community College campus. Nothing much of the farm remains today, an old horse barn still stands on the original grounds.
Demolition of original campus
The first significant loss of the original campus was in 1972 when the Annex Building was razed to make way for a more modern facility during a renovation and modernization period. The hospital's Center Building was in serious disrepair by the early 1990s. Years of abandonment and neglect had turned the once beautiful structure into a horrid eyesore. At one point, some proposed that the Center Building be used for the Elgin Police Department's new headquarters. However, plans never actually materialized and EPD built a new headquarters in downtown Elgin in 1994. While attempts were made to try the save the structure, it was to no avail. Stalled for demolition in the spring and summer of 1993, the Historic American Buildings Survey team was contacted by the State of Illinois & the City of Elgin to document the building. By fall 1993, the Kirkbride style building was finally razed after standing for 119 years. Throughout the rest of the 1990s and 2000s, most of the former facilities and buildings of the hospital that were located at the northern half of the property were demolished. Most of the old campus was then sold to the City of Elgin for future development. As of 2018, only the Powerhouse which is still in operation, along with the New Administration Building (built in 1967), as well as some of the original asphalt roads, curbs, and sidewalks remain. The old hospital cemetery is kept up well by volunteers and the City of Elgin.
Today
While most of the complex was demolished and the area is no longer as large as it used to be, the Elgin Mental Health Center today is well and alive as it continues its mission to provide service for mental health. The hospital is primarily used to care for "forensic patients" who have been found "not guilty by reason of insanity", and those persons found "unfit to stand trial" but who are required by Illinois law to remain confined in a mental hospital for a period. The hospital also provides mental health inpatient treatment for adults from a specific geographic catchment area and works closely with the community mental health agencies and community hospital psychiatric units in its region.
Elgin Mental Health Center also serves as a training site for Psychiatry Residents from Chicago Medical School and Loyola University.
, Elgin had 759.5 employees and an appropriation of $66,251,900. , Elgin had 582 beds, 40 physicians, 163 registered nurses, and 67 medical social workers.
Notable patients
David Hyrum Smith, son of Joseph Smith, Jr., founder of the Latter Day Saint movement. Was confined for 27 years.
Emanuel (Emil) Bronner - founder of "Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps" company. Escaped from the hospital in 1945.
References
External links
Cemetery http://genealogytrails.com/ill/kane/elginstatehospitalcemetery.html
Description of Central Building
Hospital buildings completed in 1872
Hospital buildings completed in 1891
Elgin, Illinois
Buildings and structures in Kane County, Illinois
Bertrand Goldberg buildings
Psychiatric hospitals in Illinois
1871 establishments in Illinois
Rádio Košice is a commercial radio station broadcasting from Košice for a large part of eastern Slovakia. The station's format is AOR (adult oriented radio), aimed at active listeners under the age of 59.
Broadcast
The information and music station started broadcasting on July 7, 2007, from the transmitter in Košice. Its priority is to be a quality metropolitan radio. Gradually, its broadcasting has spread to a large part of the region, and in addition to twelve low-power transmitters, it can be listened to on the Internet and satellite.
Radio Košice broadcasting is divided into several blocks:
Morning block - brings information service, notice for the current day, weather and transport information
Daily block - forms a musical backdrop with news inputs
Afternoon block - offers metropolitan news, interesting topics and interviews
Evening and night block - leisure broadcast
Weekend broadcast - creates a stream of music with regular news blocks
Among the portals belonging to Rádio Košice is also TV KOŠICE, which enriches the sound with an image. Information that is broadcast in this regional unit can also be found on the KOŠICE ONLINE website.
Audience
Radio stations in Slovakia
Naïma Ben Ali (), is the former First Lady of Tunisia and the first wife of former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali. She served as First Lady from 1987 until her divorce from Ben Ali in 1988.
Biography
Born Naïma Kefi, she is the daughter of Mohamad Kefi, a prominent Tunisian army general who held a high official position in the post-independence government. She met a young member of the Tunisian Army, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, during the late 1950s or 1960s, though the circumstances of their meeting remain subject to some debate. The couple married in 1964. Ben Ali's marriage to Naïma, the daughter of a high ranking general, immediately helped his career and eventually helped propel him to the presidency two decades later. Ben Ali, who was only a non-commissioned officer at the time, was appointed Director of Military Intelligence in 1964, shortly after his wedding.
Naïma Ben Ali and Ben Ali had three daughters, all of whom married prominent Tunisian businessmen: Ghazoua Ben Ali, born March 8, 1963, in Le Bardo prior to their marriage, and married Slim Zarrouk. Dorsaf Ben Ali, born July 5, 1965, who is the wife of Slim Chiboub. Their youngest daughter, Cyrine Ben Ali, was born August 21, 1971.
By the mid-1980s, Ben Ali, the then Director General of National Security, was having an affair with his mistress, Leïla Trabelssi, whom he had met in 1984, marking the beginning of the end of his marriage to Naïma Ben Ali. Ben Ali and Trabelssi had a daughter out of wedlock in January 1987.
Naïma Ben Ali became First Lady of Tunisia in 1987 when Zine El Abidine Ben Ali became president. However, President Ben Ali divorced Naïma in 1988, after 24 years of marriage, in favor of his mistress, Leïla Trabelssi, who moved into the presidential palace shortly after the separation was announced.
Naïma Ben Ali remained in Tunis following the Tunisian Revolution, which ousted her ex-husband from power.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
First Ladies of Tunisia
Jay Carl Waldman (November 16, 1944 – May 30, 2003) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and a former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Education and career
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Waldman received a Bachelor of Science degree in history from University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1966. He received a Bachelor of Laws from University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1969. He was a law clerk for Judge Gwilym A. Price Jr. of the Court of Common Pleas in Pittsburgh from 1969 to 1970. He was in private practice of law in Pittsburgh from 1970 to 1971. He was an Assistant United States Attorney of the Western District of Pennsylvania from 1971 to 1975. He was the Deputy Assistant United States Attorney General of the United States Department of Justice Criminal Division in Washington, D.C., from 1975 to 1977. He was the Director of the Thornburgh for Governor Commission in Philadelphia in 1978. He was a counsel to Governor Dick Thornburgh in Harrisburg from 1979 to 1981. He was the general counsel of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in Harrisburg from 1981 to 1986. He was the Commissioner of the Pennsylvania Convention Center Authority from 1986 to 1988. He was in private practice of law in Philadelphia from 1986 to 1988.
Federal judicial service
Waldman was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on August 3, 1988, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania vacated by Judge Daniel Henry Huyett III. Despite the nomination occurring after the Thurmond Rule, he was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 14, 1988, and received his commission on October 17, 1988. His service was terminated on May 30, 2003, due to death.
First nomination to the Third Circuit
On July 26, 1991, President George H. W. Bush nominated Waldman to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. However, with the Senate Judiciary Committee controlled by Democrats, Waldman's nomination languished, and the committee never acted on the nomination before the end of Bush's presidency. President Bill Clinton chose not to renominate Waldman to the Third Circuit.
Second nomination to the Third Circuit
Just before his death in 2003, Waldman was expected to be renominated to the Third Circuit by President George W. Bush to replace Judge Edward R. Becker. Waldman died about a month after being nominated, which was well before the Senate Judiciary Committee had even begun to take up the nomination. Bush eventually wound up nominating Franklin Van Antwerpen to the seat.
Death
Waldman went on an extended medical leave in January 2003 as he battled lung cancer. Waldman died on May 30, 2003, at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia.
See also
George H. W. Bush judicial appointment controversies
References
Sources
1944 births
2003 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
Assistant United States Attorneys
Judges of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
Lawyers from Pittsburgh
United States district court judges appointed by Ronald Reagan
20th-century American judges
University of Pennsylvania Law School alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
The 1953 Army Cadets football team represented the United States Military Academy in the 1953 college football season. Led by head coach Earl Blaik, the team finished with a record of 7–1–1. The Cadets won the Lambert-Meadowlands Trophy, awarded to the top college team in the East.
The Cadets had lost six players, including Freddie Myers, to academic ineligibility. The Cadets defeated Furman, 41–0, the team's first shutout since the 1951 scandal. After a loss to Northwestern, the Cadets were undefeated for the rest of the season. In a scoreless tie against Tulane, future Max McGee starred for the Green Wave. In the Army–Navy Game, Army's 20–7 victory over Navy was its first since 1949. The turning point of the season was an October victory over No. 7 Duke. The Blue Devils featured stars such as Red Smith and Worth (A Million) Lutz. Tommy Bell ran up the middle. Quarterback Pete Vann switched the ball to his left hand, and made a southpaw pass. Red Smith was tackled by Bob Mischak in the final minutes of the game. Mischak ran 73 yards to make the tackle catching up eight yards of separation to save a touchdown. Inspired by Mischak, Army held Duke inside the one-yard line, took over on downs, and eventually won the game. "When Bob Mischak, who was posthumously enshrined in the Army/West Point Sports Hall of Fame in 2017, made that unlikely play, what Blaik called " a marvelous display of heart and pursuit," the Army football team regained it's soul." Direct quote from Maraness
Schedule
Personnel
New York Giants coaching vacancy
Before the end of the 1953 season, the New York Daily News had a headline in their paper that Vince Lombardi was the top candidate to become the Giants new head coach. Although Giants co-owner Wellington Mara was a classmate of Lombardi at Fordham University, the Giants were actually interested in Army head coach, Colonel Red Blaik. Blaik had declined the job, but recommended Lombardi, who was his offensive co-ordinator at Army. Despite being Red Blaik's top aide, Vince Lombardi was anxious and frustrated. Three other Army assistants, including Murray Warmath were now head coaches. In June, Lombardi had turned forty years old. Lombardi would be hired as the offensive co-ordinator for the 1954 season.
References
Army
Army Black Knights football seasons
Lambert-Meadowlands Trophy seasons
Army Cadets football
Stenoma gemellata is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 17–18 mm. The forewings are whitish with the stigmata black, the plical and first discal large and round, the plical very obliquely posterior, the second discal small and transverse. There are some scattered blackish scales above and beyond the cell scarcely indicating a postmedian line and there is a curved line of cloudy dots of blackish irroration from four-fifths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus, indented above the middle. A marginal series of black dots is found around the apex and termen. The hindwings are whitish.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Dailodontus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Dailodontus cayennensis (Dejean, 1826)
Dailodontus clandestinus (Klug, 1834)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Abdulkarim Esmail Shah (25 November 1961 – 25 April 2020) was a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mafia constituency.
References
External links
Abdulkarim Shah - MP Who Loves Playing With Water, Daily News
1961 births
2020 deaths
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2000–2005
Tanzanian MPs 2005–2010
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
Tanzanian politicians of Indian descent
Kinondoni Secondary School alumni
Dr. William Ralph "Bill" Walton (1923–2001) was a leading researcher in the study of modern foraminifera.
Personal details
Bill Walton was born April 11, 1923, in Fort Worth, Texas. Walton was a pilot in the Army Air Corps during World War II. He died on April 23, 2001 in Valparaiso, Indiana.
Education
After the war he returned to finish his undergraduate degree at Amherst College; he graduated with an Honors A.B. in geology in 1949. There he worked closely with Fred B. Phleger, a premier academic foraminiferologist (who transplanted his research group to SIO in 1949); this close friendship and joint interest in living foraminifera lasted throughout the lives of both men. Bill's Scripps/UCLA doctoral thesis (1954) under Phleger, was titled "The Ecology of Living Foraminifera, Todos Santos Bay, Baja California." His field work employed the RV E.W. Scripps, crewed in part by fellow graduate students.
Rose Bengal Dye
In 1952, while a graduate student, Walton published the paper "Techniques for recognition of living foraminifera". This would become his most-cited paper. It describes a technique for using a protoplasm stain, Rose bengal, to discriminate between living and dead foraminifera in modern samples. Generations of scientists have used this stain on samples taken from oceans around the world and successfully determined how deep in the sediment living foraminifera were burrowing. The technique has proven controversial with some scientists claiming it tends to "overstain". Walton considered these claims to be baseless and stated that "people are not following the published technique".
Professional career
Immediately upon graduation Bill Walton joined Gulf Oil Company in their Research and Development in Pittsburgh as a paleoecologist. Moving to Amoco Oil Company in 1957 he rose from paleoecologist to research director for geology and geochemistry, chief geologist and exploration manager for Latin America and the far east, retiring from that post in 1981. Among his several industry-related honors were the AAPG President's Award and also AAPG Distinguished Lecturer (1972–73).
Return to Research
From 1981 to 1985, Bill conducted independent research on foraminiferal ecology in his personal laboratory in Barnstable, Massachusetts, near Woods Hole where he long had had similarly interested associates. Throughout that period, and later, he returned to Scripps on extended visits to conduct studies with Fred Phleger and Wolf Berger.
Returning full-time to academia in September 1985, Bill joined Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, as adjunct professor of in the Department of Geological Sciences, where he brought critical links not only to paleontology but to applied geology to the department. He taught a Senior Linkage Seminar on "The Petroleum Industry: Its Success, Its Problems and Its Future" and continued his studies of foraminiferal ecology and the comparison of modern salinity-dependent phenotypes with those of the geological record. Walton was known to delight students with his rendition "Nothing Could Be Finer Than A Quinqueloculiner In The Morning", sung to the tune of "Carolina in the Morning." In 1990, he published a study of the modern distribution of Ammonia.
References
1923 births
2001 deaths
Amherst College alumni
Northwestern University faculty
A European record may refer to:
Sports
List of European records in athletics
List of European Athletics Championships records
List of European records in swimming
List of European Championships records in swimming
European Cup and Euroleague records and statistics (basketball)
Football
European football records
European Cup and Champions League records and statistics
England's European Under-21 Football Championship Record
Other
European Institute for Health Records
The 2020–21 Belgian First Division A was the 118th season of top-tier football in Belgium. As part of a proposal by the Jupiler Pro League's board of directors accepted by the General Assembly on 15 May 2020, the 2020–21 season would involve shortened playoffs due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Only the top four teams would play for the title, while teams five through eight would play for the remaining ticket into Europe. The league fixtures were announced on 8 July 2020.
Team changes
Waasland-Beveren were originally relegated to the Belgian First Division B, as they were the bottom-placed team when the 2019–20 Belgian First Division A stopped prematurely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, following legal proceedings, they remained in the top-flight, and instead, the league was expanded to 18 teams, with both OH Leuven and Beerschot being promoted (normally only one of them would have gained promotion). Technically, under its current form and owners, Beerschot will make its debut in the top tier of Belgian football, although in reality two teams with the same identity have played at the top level: Beerschot VAC (81 seasons, last in 1990–91) and Beerschot AC (until its bankruptcy at the end of the 2012–13 season, and known as Germinal Beerschot from 1999 until 2011). OH Leuven returned to the top tier after an absence of four seasons, when they dropped to the last place on the ultimate matchday of the 2015–16 season.
Format change
With now 18 instead of 16 teams, the format has changed somewhat. While the season still starts with an initial round-robin phase in which all teams play each other twice, the end of season play-offs have been shortened temporarily and for the 2020–21 and 2021–22 seasons only. The title playoffs will now only be played by the top four teams (instead of six) and the Europa play-offs will now be played by the teams finishing fifth through eight (instead of all teams finishing below 6th). As a result, for all teams finishing below 8th, the season will be over upon completion of the round-robin phase, with the team in last position being relegated. One exception is the team finishing in 17th position, as this team will play a promotion-relegation play off against the 2nd-place finisher in the 2020–21 Belgian First Division B, with the winner playing in the 2021–22 Belgian First Division A.
Teams
Stadiums and locations
Number of teams by provinces
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
<onlyinclude>
<onlyinclude>
Regular season
League table
Results
Play-offs
Play-Off I
The points obtained during the regular season were halved (and rounded up) before the start of the playoff. As a result, the teams started with the following points before the playoff: Club Brugge 38, Antwerp 30, Anderlecht 29 and Genk 28.
Play-Off II
The points obtained during the regular season were halved (and rounded up) before the start of the playoff. As a result, the teams started with the following points before the playoff: Oostende 27, Standard 25, Gent 25 and Mechelen 24. The points of Oostende and Gent were rounded up, therefore in case of any ties on points at the end of the playoffs, the half point will be deducted for these teams.
European competition play-offs
Originally, the fourth-placed team of the play-offs I (or third-placed team if the regular season winners finish fourth) and the first-placed team of the play-offs II would play two home-and-away matches to determine the Europa Conference League play-off winner, which would qualify for the second qualifying round of the 2021–22 UEFA Europa Conference League. However, since Genk, winners of the 2020–21 Belgian Cup, finished in the regular season top four and qualified for play-offs I, this guaranteed that all four teams of play-offs I would qualify for European competitions. As a result, the play-off final was not played, and the first-placed team of the play-offs II, KAA Gent, qualified for the second qualifying round of the 2021–22 UEFA Europa Conference League.
Promotion-Relegation play-off
The team finishing in 17th place competes in a two-legged match with the runner-up of the 2020–21 Belgian First Division B, with the aggregate winner to play in the 2021–22 Belgian First Division A, while the losing team will take part in the 2021–22 Belgian First Division B.
On 11 April 2021, Seraing from the Belgian First Division B qualified for the promotion-relegation playoff as a loss by Lommel against Union SG meant Seraing could no longer be overtaken for second place. On 8 May 2021, Seraing was promoted to the 2021–22 Belgian First Division A after a 6–3 aggregate win in the two-legged series and Waasland-Beveren was relegated to the 2021–22 Belgian First Division B.
Seraing won 6–3 on aggregate.
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Notes
References
External links
Jupiler Pro League official website
2020-21
2020–21 in European association football leagues
1
Belgium
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1984 season.
Overview
Ministry of Commerce FC won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
is a Japanese researcher of early Christianity and Gnosticism. Arai is a Doctor of Theology Professor emeritus of University of Tokyo and Keisen University, and a member of the Japan Academy. He graduated (1962) at Erlangen-Nürnberg University in Germany.
He and his wife (and daughter Keiko) lived in the early 1960s with the family of the later Bishop of Bavaria and President of the Lutheran World Congress, Johannes Hanselmann, in Grub am Forst, Oberfranken, Germany.
Arai was a pioneer of the studies of Gnosticism after the discovery of the Nag Hammadi library.
Works
Books
Edited by
References
1930 births
20th-century biblical scholars
Living people
New Testament scholars
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg alumni
University of Tokyo alumni
Keisen University faculty
Asian biblical scholars
Nemčavci (, ) is a village north of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Nemčavci on Geopedia
Populated places in the City Municipality of Murska Sobota
The Pacific Northwest Trail (PNT) is a 1200-mile hiking trail running from the Continental Divide in Montana to the Pacific Ocean on Washington's Olympic Coast. Along the way, the PNT crosses three national parks, seven national forests, and two other national scenic trails. It travels against the grain of several mountain ranges, including the Continental Divide, Whitefish Divide, Purcells, Selkirks, Kettles, Cascades, and Olympics. It was designated as the Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail by Congress in 2009.
History
The route was first conceived by Ron Strickland in 1970. Between 1970 and 1976, extensive fieldwork was performed by Strickland and others, including early supporters along the PNT corridor who lent extensive knowledge of local trail systems to the effort. In that time, the Pacific Northwest Trail was cobbled together using preexisting trails and Forest Service roads.
In 1977, Strickland founded the Pacific Northwest Trail Association (PNTA), an organization responsible for education and information, maintenance, and advocacy for the PNT. That same year, the first five successful thru-hikes of the Pacific Northwest Trail were completed. Two of those hikers would later appear on the cover of Backpacker Magazine, in a 1979 issue that introduced the Pacific Northwest Trail to an international audience. Also in 1979, the first short guide for the PNT was published by Signpost Magazine, which would later become the Washington Trails Association. The guide consisted of two pages that described the route, and came unaccompanied by maps.
In 1977, Congress authorized a study to determine the feasibility and desirability of constructing a Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail extending between the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park and the Pacific Ocean beach of Olympic National Park and designating it a unit of the National Trails System. The study, initiated in 1978, was conducted jointly by the National Park Service and U. S. Forest Service. Ideas were obtained from various individuals, groups, and agencies concerning possible locations for the trail, since no specific route was defined in the legislation authorizing the study. From the route ideas suggested, four alternatives were identified for analysis: (1) the most scenic route, (2) the least costly route, (3) the route having the minimum environmental impact, and (4) no trail.
Based on an evaluation of the four alternatives, the study determined that a Pacific Northwest Trail would have the scenic and recreational qualities needed for designation as a National Scenic Trail, but concluded that its construction was neither feasible nor desirable and recommended the "no trail" alternative. In arriving at this recommendation, the study found that little new recreation opportunity would be provided if a trail were constructed since extensive trail systems already exist throughout most of the study area; that the cost of land acquisition and construction would be excessive (from $64 million to $106 million based on a width averaging 1,000 feet and from $39 million to $60 million for a width averaging 500 feet) in comparison with the benefits which would result; and that there would be significant adverse environmental impacts on the grizzly bear and on fragile and frequently over-utilized high elevation areas.
Despite the report's determination, in 1983, Ron Strickland would hike the entire length of the PNT alongside the PNTA's first cartographer, Ted Hitzroth. They used the information collected on their journey to develop the first full-length guidebook for the PNT, which was published in 1984.
Throughout the '80s and '90s, the trail gained in popularity. Regional volunteer groups emerged to help the PNTA maintain and improve the PNT in their areas, including SWITMO (Skagit Whatcom Island Trail Maintenance Organization) in the Puget Sound area, and the Yaak Trail Club, who helped select and maintain the route through northwest Montana's Yaak Valley.
In 2000, the Pacific Northwest Trail received its first federal designation, when the Clinton administration designated the trail as a National Millennium Trail. More federal recognition would come in the following years. In 2002, the North Cascades National Park / Ross Lake National Recreation Area segment was designated a National Recreation Trail. The Olympic National Park segment received this designation in 2003, and the Glacier National Park segment received the same designation in 2005.
In 2008, Congressman Norm Dicks and Senator Maria Cantwell introduced Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail legislation to Congress. The marked up version of the legislation for the designation passed the full Natural Resource Committee of the US Senate on September 11, 2008, after the committee heard testimony from representatives of the PNTA and federal land management agencies who testified that concerns raised in the feasibility study had been adequately addressed. Original cost estimates and concerns over environmental impacts were based primarily on the construction of a new trail across the three states. In the time since the feasibility study had been conducted however, the route that would become designated as the Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail had been connected utilizing pre-existing infrastructure, resulting in a great reduction in cost, and minimized environmental impact. The committee-approved legislation was then inserted into the Omnibus Public Lands Management Act. Congress passed the Omnibus Public Lands Management Act of 2009 on March 25 of that year, and the Pacific Northwest Trail became the Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail with President Obama's signature on March 30.
The Public Lands Omnibus Act of 2009 placed the trail under the management of the Department of Agriculture, with the United States Forest Service serving as the trail administrator. When Congress designated the Pacific Northwest Trail in 2009, they also mandated that the forest service produce a management plan within two years. This management plan is required to determine the carrying capacity of the trail, and include public oversight. A FACA Committee intended to assist in establishing the management plan was not established until 2015, already 4 years past the date that it was required by law to have been implemented. The first meeting of the FACA Committee wasn't held until October 2015 and met 3 times, and was allowed to expire in 2016. Currently, the advisory council and interdisciplinary committees are inactive. Thus, at this point, the forest service is 11 years out of compliance with the law that requires that a comprehensive management plan should have been implemented within 2 years of 2009.
In 2017, the Pacific Northwest Trail Association celebrated its 40th anniversary, as well as the 40th anniversary of the first five thru-hikes of the trail.
Description of the route
Beginning at Chief Mountain Customs on the United States–Canada border in northwest Montana, the Pacific Northwest Trail traverses the high mountains and valleys of Glacier National Park, where it shares mileage with the Continental Divide Trail. Then it enters Flathead National Forest, travels across the Flathead River into Polebridge, Montana, up the Whitefish Divide, into Kootenai National Forest, and through the Ten Lakes Wilderness Study Area on its way to the Idaho state line.
In Idaho Panhandle National Forest, the PNT crosses the Moyie River Valley, winds its way through the forest lands, dikes, and farmlands of the Kootenai River Valley, up Parker Ridge to the Selkirk Crest, then down Lions Head and over Lookout Mountain to Upper Priest Lake. From there, the trail climbs toward the Washington state line.
In Washington, the PNT enters Colville National Forest in the Salmo-Priest Wilderness, then crosses the Pend Oreille River on the Metaline Falls Bridge, before continuing over Abercrombie Mountain and reaching the Columbia River, in the town of Northport.
Next, the trail wends along the Kettle Crest, through Okanogan-Wenatchee National Forest and into the range lands and orchards of the Okanogan River Valley. From the city of Oroville, Washington, the PNT follows the Similkameen River to Palmer Lake, where the trail travels through Loomis State Forest, and then begins its ascent into the Pasayten Wilderness, where the PNT shares tread with the Pacific Crest Trail.
After traversing the Pasayten, the trail crosses Ross Lake National Recreation Area and North Cascades National Park. The trail exits the park via Hannegan Pass, and continues through the Mt. Baker Wilderness. From Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest, the trail uses a mix of federal, state, and private timber lands to reach the shores of Puget Sound.
Along the dikes and through the farmlands of Skagit County, the trail traverses Fidalgo Island, crosses the bridge at Deception Pass State Park and continues across Whidbey Island to the Washington State Ferry Terminal in Coupeville, Washington.
After a thirty-minute ferry ride, the trail picks up in the seaside community of Port Townsend, Washington and the confluence of three trails: the Larry Scott Trail, the Olympic Discovery Trail, and the Pacific Northwest Trail. The trails circumnavigate the northeastern tip of the Olympic Peninsula and Discovery Bay before going their separate directions, with the PNT turning southwest through Olympic National Forest, Buckhorn Wilderness and into Olympic National Park.
As the trail leaves the park and travels along the Bogachiel River it finds its way through the northern end of the Hoh Rain Forest to the Pacific Ocean at the mouth of the Hoh River. There, the trail turns north and wends along the wilderness coast where it enters the Quileute Indian Reservation near the town of La Push, then continues north to its western terminus at Cape Alava.
Protected areas through which the PNT passes
Glacier National Park
Flathead National Forest
Kootenai National Forest
Idaho Panhandle National Forest
Colville National Forest
Okanogan–Wenatchee National Forest
North Cascades National Park
Mt. Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest
Deception Pass State Park
Bay View State Park
Joseph Whidbey State Park
Fort Ebey State Park
Ebey's Landing National Historical Reserve
Fort Casey State Park
Olympic National Forest
Olympic National Park
See also
Connected National Scenic Trails
Continental Divide Trail - Shares a common start/end point with the PNT in Glacier National Park.
Pacific Crest Trail - Shares mileage in the Pasayten Wilderness.
Connected U.S. long-distance trails
Olympic Discovery Trail
References
History of the Pacific Northwest Trail Association
ronstrickland.com Pacific Northwest Trail
External links
Forest Service website
Pacific Northwest Trail Association
Amazon.com : Pacific Northwest Trail Guide: The Official Guidebook for Long Distance and Day Hikers
Amazon.com : Pacific Northwest Trail Town Guide
Amazon.com : Pacific Northwest Trail Digest: Trail Tips and Navigation Notes
A Thru Hikers Trail Journal
The Pacific Northwest Trail description on Summit Post
Amazon.com: Pathfinder: Blazing a New Wilderness Trail in Modern America
Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail - BLM page
Hiking trails in Idaho
Hiking trails in Montana
Hiking trails in Washington (state)
Long-distance trails in the United States
National Scenic Trails of the United States
Kootenai National Forest
2009 establishments in Montana
Units of the National Landscape Conservation System
2009 establishments in Idaho
2009 establishments in Washington (state)
National Recreation Trails in Idaho
National Recreation Trails in Montana
National Recreation Trails in Washington (state)
Protected areas established in 2009
Ebey's Landing National Historical Reserve
Glacier National Park (U.S.)
Flathead National Forest
Idaho Panhandle National Forest
Okanogan National Forest
North Cascades National Park
Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest
Olympic National Forest
Olympic National Park
The 1991–92 Quebec Nordiques season was the Nordiques 13th season in the National Hockey League.
Off-season
Quebec once again had the first overall draft pick heading into the 1991 NHL Entry Draft, as this marked the third consecutive season the Nordiques had the first overall selection. With the pick, Quebec selected Eric Lindros of the Oshawa Generals. Lindros scored 71 goals and 149 points with the Generals during the 1990–91 season, however, he let the Nordiques know that he was not interested in playing for Quebec. Despite this, the Nordiques drafted him, however, the club was unable to sign Lindros. Rather than playing for Quebec for the 1991–92 season, Lindros played for the Canadian national men's hockey team, and then returned to the Generals for the rest of the season.
The Nordiques did make a big signing, as they signed Russian hockey player Valeri Kamensky to a four-year contract to bring him to North America. Kamensky had played with CSKA Moscow since 1985, and had represented the Soviet Union at the 1988 Winter Olympics, winning a gold medal. In 1990–91 with CSKA, Kamensky 20 goals and 46 points in 46 games.
Quebec made a couple of free agent signings, as Doug Smail joined the team from the Minnesota North Stars. Smail split the 1990–91 season between the North Stars and Winnipeg Jets, scoring eight goals and 23 points in 72 games. The Nordiques also signed tough guy John Kordic from the Washington Capitals. Kordic appeared in only ten games during the 1990–91 season, splitting time between the Capitals and Toronto Maple Leafs, as he had no points, however, he recorded 110 penalty minutes.
The team named Mike Hough the captain, replacing Steven Finn and Joe Sakic who were co-captains of the club in the 1990–91 season.
Regular season
After winning their season opener against the Hartford Whalers, Quebec would endure a nine-game winless streak, and quickly fell into last place in the Adams Division with a 1–8–1 record. The team would eventually fall to 3–14–1, and head coach Dave Chambers was relieved of his duties, as general manager Pierre Page took over the coaching duties.
Under Page, the losses would continue to pile up, however, the team did have a five-game unbeaten streak in early December, as they went 4–0–1 during that span. However, the team did go through some very bad losing streaks, as the club went 1–16–2 during a nineteen-game span in January and February, and fell out of the playoff race. The club finished the year with a 20–48–12 record, earning 52 points, which was a six-point improvement from the previous season. The 52 points was the highest total by Quebec since they had 61 points in the 1988–89 season. Also, for the first time since 1987–88, the Nordiques did not finish in last place in the overall standings, as they had 13 more points than the expansion San Jose Sharks.
Joe Sakic had another impressive season, scoring 29 goals and 94 points in 69 games, to lead the team in points. Owen Nolan had a breakout season, scoring a team high 42 goals, while earning 73 points. Mats Sundin also saw improvement in his point totals, as he finished with 33 goals and 76 points in his second NHL season. Greg Paslawski had a surprising season, scoring 28 goals and 45 points for the team.
On defense, Mikhail Tatarinov, who came over to the Nordiques from the Washington Capitals in the off-season, led the team with 11 goals and 38 points. Alexei Gusarov was steady on the blueline, earning 23 points, while Curtis Leschyshyn had 17 points despite missing 38 games due to injuries.
In goal, Ron Tugnutt played the most, as he appeared in 30 games, earning six wins with a GAA of 4.02. Stephane Fiset led the club with seven victories, and had a 3.76 GAA. Jacques Cloutier had six wins and a 3.93 GAA, while John Tanner had a club best 3.47 GAA, however, he had only one victory in fourteen games.
Final standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Transactions
The Nordiques were involved in the following transactions during the 1991–92 season.
Trades
Waivers
Expansion Draft
Free agents
Draft picks
Quebec's draft picks from the 1991 NHL Entry Draft which was held at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium in Buffalo, New York.
Farm teams
Halifax Citadels – American Hockey League
References
Nordiques on Hockey Database
Quebec Nordiques season, 1991-92
Quebec Nordiques seasons
Que
1991 in Quebec
1992 in Quebec
Ma Qinghua () (born 25 December 1987 in Shanghai) is a Chinese racing driver currently competing in the World Touring Car Cup with Cyan Performance Lynk & Co.
Ma became the first Chinese driver to win an FIA World Championship race when he won race two of the 2014 FIA WTCC Race of Russia. He has also previously competed in the World Touring Car Championship, GP2, a few practice sessions in Formula 1, and Formula E.
Career
Ma started his professional racing career in the 2005 Asian Formula Renault challenge with Asia Racing Team for 6 races coming 16th with the highest finish of 5th. He also competed in one race in the 2005 Italian Formula 3000 championship for team Astromega and raced in the 2006 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC championship for the same team. He also raced in the inaugural A1 Grand Prix season for Team China at the A1 Grand Prix of Nations, China at the Shanghai International Circuit, coming 17th. For the next few years he raced in European Formula 3 championships like the 2008 Spanish Formula 3 Championship and 2009 British Formula 3 championship. He then competed in the 2010 Superleague Formula in the 2010 Ordos Superleague Formula round for Team China and a year later won the China Touring Car Championship's 1600c class driver's title.
Formula One
2012
Ma was added to the HRT F1 driver development programme on 5 April 2012, and made history as the first China-born driver to drive a Formula One car at an FIA-sanctioned event, a milestone described as "heralding an important step for Chinese motorsport". Ma also became the first driver of Chinese nationality to take part in a Grand Prix weekend when he replaced Narain Karthikeyan in the first Friday practice session of the Italian Grand Prix. He was given three more chances to drive the car in Friday sessions later that year.
2013
Ma had a contract to become a full time HRT driver in 2013, meaning he would become the first ever Chinese Formula 1 driver, however after HRT collapsed at the end of the 2012 season, this would never be and Ma instead moved to Caterham, continuing the role of Friday test driver whilst racing for their GP2 Series team for the season. In 2013 Chinese Grand Prix, he replaced Charles Pic to participate in FP1 and became the first Chinese driver to drive at his home Grand Prix session, but he was about 1.5 seconds off the pace to his teammate Giedo van der Garde and out of the 107% reference time to the quickest driver in Free Practice 1. Soon after the 2013 Chinese Grand Prix, Caterham team claimed that he would be replaced by Alexander Rossi for the rest of the 2013 season. In the 2013 Bahrain GP2 Series round, Alexander Rossi made his debut GP2 Series race and took a podium finish.
GP2
He made his debut GP2 Series race in 2013 Sepang GP2 Series round. Later in the final stint, his lap time dropped to more than 2 minutes in every lap and finished only 21st in featured race, which is the last place in classified drivers. Later he was diagnosed with gastroenteritis leading to extreme dehydration by the medical team on track at Sepang and would not start the sprint race.
World Touring Car Championship
Ma raced in the 2014 World Touring Car Championship for Citroën Total WTCC driving at selected rounds in the fourth car. He won the second round of the Race of Russia, becoming the first Chinese driver to win an FIA World Championship race, and scored the fastest lap at the first round of the Race of China, Shanghai, ultimately coming 13th in the championship. He was given a full time seat for 2015 and won the second round of the Race of Portugal and finish 4th in the drivers championship. Despite this, he was not retained for 2016.
Formula E
In 2016, Ma replaced Salvador Duran in the 2015-16 Formula E season for Team Aguri. He retired from his first ePrix but finished the last 3 races, albeit out of the points. In the next season, Ma was signed by TeCheetah but was replaced by former Haas F1 driver Esteban Gutiérrez following a disappointing series of performances in the first three races of the season.
Ma returned to Formula E in 2017 with the NIO Formula E Team for the Paris ePrix replacing Luca Filippi in a one off appearance and again in the New York ePrix replacing Oliver Turvey who was injured. He returned in 2019 to race for the NIO 333 FE Team alongside Turvey. He was replaced by Daniel Abt for the Berlin rounds as travel restrictions disallowed him from traveling outside China. He was not renewed for the 2020-21 Formula E World Championship by NIO 333.
TCR China
Ma competed in the 2020 TCR China series in a Geely Group Motorsport-built Lynk & Co 03 TCR. He has signed for Shell Teamwork Lynk & Co Motorsport and will partner Lu Wei in the six-event series. On 21 November 2020, at the Guia Race of Macau, Ma finished second in the qualifying race of the 2020 TCR China Touring Car Championship season finale, securing the drivers' title.
FIA WTCR
On 22 February 2022, it was announced that Ma Qinghua has joined reigning world champions Lynk & Co Cyan Racing to race a Lynk & Co 03 TCR in the 2022 FIA World Touring Car Cup.
Racing record
Career summary
† As Ma was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.
‡ Team point score.
* Season still in progress.
Complete Formula One participations
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicates the fastest lap)
Complete GP2 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete World Touring Car Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.
Complete Formula E results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete TCR China Touring Car Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete World Touring Car Cup results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.
* Season still in progress.
Complete FIA World Rallycross Championship results
Supercar
References
External links
Ma Qinghua's Sina Weibo
Ma Qinghua's QQ microblog
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Shanghai
Chinese racing drivers
A1 Team China drivers
British Formula Three Championship drivers
Euroformula Open Championship drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
Auto GP drivers
GP2 Series drivers
World Touring Car Championship drivers
World Rallycross Championship drivers
Formula E drivers
World Touring Car Cup drivers
Asian Formula Renault Challenge drivers
TCR Asia Series drivers
NIO 333 FE Team drivers
Techeetah drivers
Team Aguri drivers
Citroën Racing drivers
Caterham Racing drivers
Team West-Tec drivers
Team Astromega drivers
Superleague Formula drivers
Asia Racing Team drivers
A1 Grand Prix drivers
Sébastien Loeb Racing drivers
In the mythology of Tahiti, Pua Tu Tahi was one of the giant monster clam of the deep in the legend of Rata.
Bibliography
R.D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989), 217;
T. Henry, Ancient Tahiti (Bernice P. Bishop Museum: Honolulu, 1928), 469-95
External links
The story of Rata
Tahiti and Society Islands mythology
Polynesian legendary creatures
Doctors of the Dark Side is a documentary about the role of physicians and psychologists in the torture of prisoners. The movie tells the story of four detainees, and how healthcare professionals working for the United States Army and the Central Intelligence Agency implemented enhanced interrogation techniques, and covered up signs of torture at the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp and Abu Ghraib Prison. Interviews with medical, legal and intelligence experts and evidence from declassified government memos document how the torture of detainees could not continue without the assistance of doctors.
References
American documentary films
Documentary films about human rights
Medical ethics
2011 films
2011 documentary films
Documentary films about health care
Torture
Medical malpractice
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Cameron McInnes (born 1 February 1994) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a or for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the NRL.
He previously played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs and St George Illawarra Dragons in the National Rugby League and at representative level for NSW City in 2017.
Background
McInnes was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
He attended Marist College Pagewood and he topped the school in the 2011 HSC for Biology, Business Studies and English. He played his junior football for the Botany Rams before being signed by the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Career
Early career
He played for South Sydney's NYC team from 2012 to 2014 before moving on to the South Sydney New South Wales Cup team, North Sydney three rounds into 2014. He captained the NYC team in 2013 and 2014. In October 2013, McInnes re-signed with the Rabbitohs on a 2-year contract. At the end of 2013, McInnes won South Sydney's NYC Best and Fairest award, Player's Player award and was named on the interchange bench in the 2013 NYC Team of the Year.
2014
In Round 5 of the 2014 NRL season, McInnes made his NRL debut for South Sydney against the St. George Illawarra Dragons. In Round 11, McInnes scored his first ever NRL try (against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks), slicing through defenders 10m out to plant the ball the down.
2015
McInnes was selected twelve times in 2015, playing off the bench, at Hooker and even at times in the back-row. In Round 11, McInnes scored the winning try against the Parramatta Eels, latching onto a pass from fellow hooker, Issac Luke, before diving over the try-line. On 13 May 2015, McInnes re-signed with South Sydney on a two-year contract.
2016
The departure of Isaac Luke to the New-Zealand Warriors gave McInnes the starting role for the South Sydney club. In Round One he opened the scoring, diving under the posts five minutes into South Sydney's 42–10 win over the Sydney Roosters. In Round 5, McInnes was credited with a 'stellar' performance, creating all three tries for the South Sydney club. After scoring two solo tries from dummy half, he then put , Cody Walker through a hole to score in Souths 12–16 win over the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.
As the season went on McInnes would switch between starting and interchange hooker, as him and South Sydney's alternate hooking option, Damien Cook fought for a starting position. By the end of the 2016 season, McInnes had played 19 games, scoring 4 tries with 1 try assist and an impressive 726 tackles. In September 2016, McInnes signed a two-year contract with the St. George Illawarra Dragons starting in 2017, after being released from the final year of his South Sydney contract following their signing of New South Wales State of Origin representative hooker Robbie Farah.
2017
In December 2017, McInnes signed a four-year deal to remain at St George Illawarra until the end of the 2021 season.
2018
In 2018, McInnes was part of the St. George Illawarra side which qualified for the finals and defeated Brisbane 48–18 in week one before being eliminated the following week by South Sydney 13–12.
2019
McInnes made a total of 23 appearances for St. George Illawarra in the 2019 NRL season as the club endured one of their worst seasons finishing in 15th place on the table just above the last placed Gold Coast. Before the season had started, St George Illawarra were expected to reach the finals and challenge for the premiership but only managed to win 7 games all year.
2020
On 19 February, it was announced that McInnes would miss the first 12 weeks of the 2020 NRL season after suffering an MCL injury at the pre-season NRL Nines tournament. Due to the rescheduling of the season due to the COVID-19 pandemic, he managed to return in round 3.
He made a total of 18 appearances for the club in the 2020 NRL season as the side finished a disappointing 13th on the table.
2021
On 2 February, McInnes signed with Cronulla-Sutherland for four years starting in 2022. On 12 February, McInnes suffered an anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury, ruling him out for the rest of the season and prematurely ending his career with the club.
2022
In round 2 of the 2022 NRL season, McInnes made his club debut for Cronulla in their 18-16 victory over Parramatta.
Statistics
NRL
Statistics are correct as of Round 24 of the 2022 season
City vs Country
References
External links
St. George Illawarra Dragons profile
Dragons profile
NRL profile
1994 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks players
Junior Kangaroos players
New South Wales City Origin rugby league team players
North Sydney Bears NSW Cup players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Sydney
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
St. George Illawarra Dragons players
The Swan Creek AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the northwestern portion of North Carolina, in the Piedmont region. The appellation is distinguished by its loamy soil with schist and mica. Established May 27, 2008, it is the second AVA to be established in North Carolina. It is a sub-appellation of the Yadkin Valley AVA.
Geography
The area is near the Brushy Mountains and includes parts of Wilkes, Yadkin, and Iredell counties.
The AVA shares its name with the unincorporated community of Swan Creek in Yadkin County.
Climate
The Swan Creek AVA has a slightly cooler climate than the rest of the Yadkin Valley AVA—average annual maximum temperatures are lower than in Yadkin, and average annual minimums are a full lower, Rainfall ranges from approximately to , with an additional average of of snow per year, much less than surrounding areas.
Wineries
Windsor Run Cellars
Raffaldini Vineyards
Piccione Vineyards
Dobbins Creek Vineyards
Shadow Springs Vineyard
Laurel Gray Vineyards
Midnight Magdalena Vineyards
See also
Geography of North Carolina
Laurel Gray Vineyards
Midnight Magdalena Vineyards
Raffaldini Vineyards
Shadow Springs Vineyard
Windsor Run Cellars
Stardust Cellars
References
Geography of North Carolina
American Viticultural Areas
Geography of Iredell County, North Carolina
Geography of Wilkes County, North Carolina
Geography of Yadkin County, North Carolina
2008 establishments in North Carolina
The Q cycle (named for quinol) describes a series of reactions that describe how the sequential oxidation and reduction of the lipophilic electron carrier, Coenzyme Q (CoQ), between the ubiquinol and ubiquinone forms, can result in the net movement of protons across a lipid bilayer (in the case of the mitochondria, the inner mitochondrial membrane).
The Q cycle was first proposed by Peter D. Mitchell, though a modified version of Mitchell's original scheme is now accepted as the mechanism by which Complex III moves protons (i.e. how complex III contributes to the biochemical generation of the proton or pH, gradient, which is used for the biochemical generation of ATP).
The first reaction of Q cycle is the 2-electron oxidation of ubiquinol by two oxidants, c1 (Fe3+) and ubiquinone:
CoQH2 + cytochrome c1 (Fe3+) + CoQ' → CoQ + CoQ'−• + cytochrome c1 (Fe2+) + 2 H+ (intermembrane)
The second reaction of the cycle involves the 2-electron oxidation of a second ubiquinol by two oxidants, a fresh c1 (Fe3+) and the CoQ'−• produced in the first step:
CoQH2 + cytochrome c1 (Fe3+) + CoQ'−• + 2 H+ (matrix)→ CoQ + CoQ'H−2 + cytochrome c1 (Fe2+) + 2 H+ (intermembrane)
These net reactions are mediated by electron-transfer mediators including a Rieske 2Fe-2S cluster (shunt to c1) and cb (shunt to CoQ' and later to CoQ'−•)
In chloroplasts, a similar reaction is done with plastoquinone by cytochrome b6f complex.
Process
Operation of the modified Q cycle in Complex III results in the reduction of Cytochrome c, oxidation of ubiquinol to ubiquinone, and the transfer of four protons into the intermembrane space, per two-cycle process.
Ubiquinol (QH2) binds to the Qo site of complex III via hydrogen bonding to His182 of the Rieske iron-sulfur protein and Glu272 of Cytochrome b. Ubiquinone (Q), in turn, binds the Qi site of complex III. Ubiquinol is divergently oxidized (gives up one electron each) to the Rieske iron-sulfur '(FeS) protein' and to the bL heme. This oxidation reaction produces a transient semiquinone before complete oxidation to ubiquinone, which then leaves the Qo site of complex III.
Having acquired one electron from ubiquinol, the 'FeS protein' is freed from its electron donor and is able to migrate to the Cytochrome c1 subunit. 'FeS protein' then donates its electron to Cytochrome c1, reducing its bound heme group. The electron is from there transferred to an oxidized molecule of Cytochrome c externally bound to complex III, which then dissociates from the complex. In addition, the reoxidation of the 'FeS protein' releases the proton bound to His181 into the intermembrane space.
The other electron, which was transferred to the bL heme, is used to reduce the bH heme, which in turn transfers the electron to the ubiquinone bound at the Qi site. The movement of this electron is energetically unfavourable, as the electron is moving towards the negatively charged side of the membrane. This is offset by a favourable change in EM from −100 mV in BL to +50mV in the BH heme. The attached ubiquinone is thus reduced to a semiquinone radical. The proton taken up by Glu272 is subsequently transferred to a hydrogen-bonded water chain as Glu272 rotates 170° to hydrogen bond a water molecule, in turn hydrogen-bonded to a propionate of the bL heme.
Because the last step leaves an unstable semiquinone at the Qi site, the reaction is not yet fully completed. A second Q cycle is necessary, with the second electron transfer from cytochrome bH reducing the semiquinone to ubiquinol. The ultimate products of the Q cycle are four protons entering the intermembrane space, two from the matrix and two from the reduction of two molecules of cytochrome c. The reduced cytochrome c is eventually reoxidized by complex IV. The process is cyclic as the ubiquinol created at the Qi site can be reused by binding to the Qo site of complex III.
Notes
References
Trumpower, B.L. (2002) Biochim. Biophys. Acta 1555, 166-173
Hunte, C., Palsdottir, H. and Trumpower, B.L. (2003) FEBS Letters 545, 39-46
Trumpower, B.L. (1990) J. Biol. Chem., 11409-11412
Cellular respiration
Metabolism
The 870th Bombardment Squadron is a former United States Army Air Forces unit. It was assigned to the 497th Bombardment Group, and was last stationed at MacDill Field, Florida where it was inactivated on 31 March 1946. The squadron was activated in late 1943. After training in the United States, it moved to Saipan, where it served in the strategic bombing campaign against Japan with Twentieth Air Force, flying Boeing B-29 Superfortress aircraft in the Pacific Theater of Operations, where it earned two Distinguished Unit Citations. Following V-J Day, the squadron returned to the United States and briefly became part of Strategic Air Command before inactivating.
History
Activation and training
The squadron was established in late 1943 as the 870th Bombardment Squadron at El Paso Army Air Base, Texas, a Boeing B-29 Superfortress very heavy bombardment squadron that was one of the original operational squadrons of the 497th Bombardment Group. The squadron's initial cadre was drawn from the 491st Bombardment Group.
In December the squadron moved on paper to Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico. At Clovis, the squadron began to man its air echelon by January 1944. The 870th drew heavily on aircrews of the 480th Antisubmarine Group who were returning to the United States from duty in England and Africa to fill out its crews. Aircrew training at Clovis was limited to ground training, although some flying in Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress and Consolidated B-24 Liberator aircraft assigned to the 73d Bombardment Wing was accomplished. Key personnel trained with the Army Air Forces School of Applied Tactics at Orlando Army Air Base, Florida.
In April 1944, the air and ground echelons united at Pratt Army Air Field. Here the 870th finally received newly manufactured Boeing B-29 Superfortresses the following month, although it continued to fly B-17s as well due to continuing engine problems with the B-29s. In May the United States Army Air Forces reorganized its very heavy bombardment units. The 872d Bombardment Squadron and support units of the 497th group were inactivated and their personnel absorbed into the 870th and the remaining squadrons of the group.
Combat in the Pacific
The 870th deployed to the Pacific Theater of Operations, with the ground echelon sailing 30 July on the SS Fairisle, passing through Honolulu and Eniwetok before arriving at Saipan on 20 September. Upon arrival the squadron's personnel were engaged in construction. By mid-October most personnel were able to move into Quonset huts from the tents which they were assigned on arrival. The aircrews began departing Kansas on 6 October, ferrying their aircraft to Saipan via a 6500 nautical mile route, with the last B-29 arriving on 30 October. At Saipan the unit became part of the XXI Bomber Command at Isely Field.
The squadron began operations on 28 October 1944 with a night attack against the submarine pens at Truk Islands and attacks against Iwo Jima in early November. The squadron took part in the first attack on Japan by AAF planes based in the Marianas. On 24 November 1944 110 aircraft of the 73rd Bombardment Wing bombed Tokyo on this mission. The squadron suffered its first combat loss on this mission, when a B-29 was shot down over the target area. The 870th flew missions against strategic objectives in Japan, originally in daylight and from high altitude. It was also tasked with "Weather Strike" missions which were single ship flights flown nightly to obtain weather information for target areas in Japan while also making incendiary attacks on various targets.
The squadron received a Distinguished Unit Citation (DUC) for a mission on 27 January 1945. Although weather conditions prevented the group from bombing its primary objective, the unescorted B-29's withstood severe enemy attacks to strike an alternate target, the industrial area of Hamamatsu. It was awarded a second DUC for attacking strategic centers in Japan during July and August 1945. The squadron assisted the assault on Okinawa in April 1945 by bombing enemy airfields to cut down air attacks against the invasion force. Beginning on 19 March and continuing until the end of the war the squadron made incendiary raids against Japan, flying at night and at low altitude to bomb area targets. The unit released propaganda leaflets over the Japanese home islands, continuing strategic bombing raids and incendiary attacks until the Japanese surrender in August 1945.
Return to the United States and inactivation
After V-J Day, the 870th dropped supplies to Allied prisoners. In November 1945 the unit returned to the United States where it became part of Continental Air Forces (CAF) at March Field, California. In January 1945, the 870th moved to MacDill Field, Florida. In March 1946 CAF became Strategic Air Command (SAC), and the squadron was one of SAC's first bombardment squadrons. Demobilization, however, was in full swing and the squadron turned in its aircraft and was inactivated on 31 March.
Lineage
Constituted as the 870th Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 19 November 1943
Activated on 20 November 1943
Inactivated on 31 March 1946
Assignments
497th Bombardment Group: 20 November 1943 – 31 March 1946
Stations
El Paso Army Air Base, Texas, 20 November 1943
Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico, 1 December 1943
Pratt Army Air Field, Kansas, 13 April 1944 – 17 July 1944
Isely Field, Saipan, 17 September 1944 – 1 November 1945
Camp Stoneman, California, 14 November 1945
March Field, California, c. 26 November 1945
MacDill Field, Florida, c. 5 January – 31 March 1946
Awards and Campaigns
Aircraft
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress, 1944
Boeing B-29 Superfortress, 1944–1946
References
Notes
Bibliography
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
Military units and formations established in 1943
Military units and formations disestablished in 1946
Ronja Savolainen (born 29 November 1997) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman and member of the Finnish national ice hockey team, currently playing in the Swedish Women's Hockey League (SDHL) with Luleå HF/MSSK.
Playing career
As a child, Savolainen played in the youth department of Itä-Helsingin Kiekko (IHK) in her home city of Helsinki, first playing forward before switching to defence in her early teens. At age 14, she was playing with a high-level boys' team but was nearly driven to quit hockey after being bullied by her teammates because they felt "girls should not play hockey."
During the 2012–13 season, she played junior ice hockey with the men's under-16 team of East Hockey Club (EHC) Red Devil of the U16 Suomi-sarja and made her senior women's debut with Lohjan Kisa-Veikot (LoKV) of the Naisten Mestis.
The following season, at the age of 16, she began playing in the Naisten SM-sarja with KJT Kerava. The team had an average age of just 19 and its roster featured a number of future national team players, including Matilda Nilsson, Emmi Rakkolainen, and Noora Tulus. Savolainen scored six points in seven games during her rookie season, adding another thirteen points in eight relegation playoff games to keep the team in the top flight.
She signed with the Espoo Blues, the dominant force in the Nisten SM-sarja, ahead of the 2014–15 season. In her first regular season with the Blues, she scored six goals and 20 assists for 26 points in 25 games and notched two assists in five playoff games. The season culminated with Savolainen's first and the Blues' thirteenth Aurora Borealis Cup victory. She remained with the Blues through the 2015–16 season, posting sixteen points in 26 regular season games.
In 2016, she signed in the Swedish Women's Hockey League with Luleå HF/MSSK in Sweden, joining several other Finnish national team stars on the team.
She began the 2018–19 season with a 16-game goalless streak that was finally broken when she scored a hat-trick against Göteborg HC at the end of November. She finished the season with 10 goals and 29 points. After Luleå beat Linköping in the fourth game of the playoff finals, forcing a game five coming back from a 2–0 series deficit, she caused a minor health scare when she celebrated so hard that she fainted on the ice. About the incident, she later shared, "I don't think I've ever been that happy before. It was very nice." Luleå won the decisive game and Savolainen picked up her second SDHL championship title.
In the 2019–20 SDHL season, she set career bests in goals and points, scoring 20 goals and 41 points, leading all defenders in goals and finishing second among defenders in points. Luleå made it to the championship finals for the third year in a row before the season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Sweden. and she was named a finalist for the SDHL Defender of the Year.
During a game against AIK IF in early October 2020, she had to be taken to the hospital emergency ward after her leg was cut by another player's skate. She missed one match due to the injury. In November 2020, along with four other Finnish national teams and Luleå teammates, she forced to miss several SDHL games while being quarantined under Finnish law after a national team camp where a player tested positive for COVID-19.
International play
She made her IIHF World Championship debut at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship and has since represented Finland at the World Championships in 2016, 2017. She scored the game-winning goal in Finland's first-ever round-robin victory over in the 2017 IIHF Women's World Championship.
Savolainen was part of the historic silver medal-winning Finnish team at the 2019 IIHF Women's World Championship, the first team to unseat either the or from their perennial lock on World Championship gold and silver. She scored twice and wasn't issued a single penalty minute, despite averaging over 23 minutes of ice-time per game. She scored twice and notched an assist in the semi-final match against Canada, participating in three of the four goals in the historic Finnish victory. After teammate Petra Nieminen's game-winning goal was controversially overturned, Savolainen was one of five Finnish players to take a shot on American netminder Alex Rigsby Cavallini in the shootout that resulted in the United States' fifth consecutive World Championship gold.
Personal life
Savolainen was diagnosed with dyslexia and ADHD when she was in primary school. Her ADHD diagnosis was not a surprise to her parents, as her father, Janne, also has ADHD. In March 2020, she chose to speak publicly about her neurodiversity, crediting her girlfriend, Swedish national team player Anna Kjellbin, with encouraging her to be open about her diagnoses.
Along with Finnish national team players Noora Räty and Meeri Räisänen, she has partnered with menstrual cup company Lunette to break the taboo surrounding menstruation in women's sports. She has worked with Luleå teammate Rebecca Stenberg to create a Youtube channel about daily life in the SDHL.
Savolainen spoke out in support of the 2019 Sweden women's national ice hockey team strike, stating that "it was very brave of every single girl who stood behind it" and that she hoped for Sweden to return to the top IIHF division soon. Her solidarity was criticised by the Swedish Ice Hockey Association's competition director, who suggested she find another league to in which to play.
After a Unionen report, released in January 2020, found that the average top-flight men's hockey player in Sweden earns more than the combined salaries for an entire SDHL team, she stated that "I didn't know [the fucking difference] was so big. It sucks. I'm pissed." After the 2020 IIHF Women's World Championship was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, she was among several Finnish national team players who had to seek a second-job since they did not receive the usual stipend for playing in the World Championships.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Ice hockey people from Helsinki
Finnish women's ice hockey defencemen
Luleå HF/MSSK players
Espoo Blues Naiset players
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
LGBT ice hockey players
People with dyslexia
Swedish-speaking Finns
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
LGBT sportspeople from Finland
LoKV Naiset players
Sarat Kumar Kar (5 September 1939 – 12 October 2020) was a politician and writer from Odisha, India. He was a member of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) political party.
Biography
He was a member of the 6th Lok Sabha (1977–80) and was elected three times (2000–04, 1990–95 and 1971–74) to the Odisha Legislative Assembly from Mahanga.
Kar became the Minister for Education and Culture in 1971 in the Bishwanath Das led coalition Government. He was probably the youngest Cabinet Minister in Odisha's political history and the record remains intact till today. He was elected as a Janata Party (Lok Dal) MP in 1977 from Cuttack after defeating Congress stalwart and the then sitting Union Minister, Shri J.B.Patnaik.
He was the speaker of the Twelfth Assembly from 10 March 2000 to 21 May 2004.
He joined politics in 1964 after completing his master's degree in Political Science from the prestigious Allahabad University. During his Allahabad University days, he had the opportunity to interact with Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri who inspired him to join politics. Shri Kar participated in the political meetings of Shri Shastri and became a member of the AICC. Shri Shastri asked him to meet Shri Biju Patnaik after returning to Odisha. Shri Kar met Shri Biju Patnaik. Biju babu took a liking for him and Shri Kar remained his close confidant till Biju babu's death.
Shri Kar wrote four poetry books (Druta Bilambita, Manthan, Romanthan and Ananya), one long fiction (Samayara Jete Dheu), one spiritual book and hundreds of articles in newspapers and magazines on literary, social, spiritual and political topics in Odia. He was a prolific orator on politics and culture. A great devotee of Lord Jagannath, he gave commentary on the Lord's Car Festival ("Rath Yatra") on All India Radio, Doordarshan and private TV channels for the last 45 years.
His spouse, Smt. Anima Mishra Kar, is a retired Professor in English. She is an accomplished singer and was an "A" Grade artist for All India Radio, Cuttack through the 1960s to the 1990s. His elder son, Shri Suman Kar is a lecturer in English in Bhubaneswar. His younger son, Shri Sobhan Kar, is an Indian Revenue Service officer and works for the Government of India at New Delhi.
Shri Kar died on 12 October 2020, from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in India, aged 81.
References
1939 births
2020 deaths
India MPs 1977–1979
Biju Janata Dal politicians
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in India
Odisha MLAs 1971–1973
Odisha MLAs 1990–1995
Odisha MLAs 2000–2004
Speakers of the Odisha Legislative Assembly
Janata Party politicians
Janata Dal politicians
Utkal Congress politicians
People from Cuttack district
Indian National Congress politicians from Odisha
Lok Dal politicians
The Federal Government established the Santa Fe Indian School (SFIS) in 1890 to educate Native American children from tribes throughout the Southwestern United States. The purpose of creating SFIS was an attempt to assimilate the Native American children into the wider United States culture and economy. In 1975, the Indian Pueblo Council (AIPC) was formed. It was the first Indian organization to utilize the laws in place to contract an education for their children. Eventually, the AIPC was able to leverage complete control of the school and curriculum. In 2001, with the passing of the SFIS Act, the school took ownership of the land. The school resides on the form of a trust, which is held by the nineteen Pueblo Governors of New Mexico. These acts allow for complete educational sovereignty of the school, by the Pueblo.
Indian Boarding Schools origins
The original concept of the Indian Boarding School began as a social experiment predating the Civil War. Around the 1860s, the United States Federal Government created "day schools" to educate children about Western civilisation. They were ineffective in this process because the students did not retain the knowledge acquired at school. A factor in knowledge retention was the students returning home. After discovering this method of education was ineffective, a different approach was taken.
In the 1870s, the concept of Indian Boarding Schools came into fruition. Army Lt. Richard Henry Pratt was charged with overseeing seventy-two Native American prisoners who fought against the Army; he tested his version of the social experiment that was previously attempted on the children. Pratt desired to mold the "savages" into "civilized" people. Pratt taught the Native American prisoners how to speak English and educated the Native Americans on European society and religion. After this educational experience, sixty-two of the Natives went to the Hampton Institute in Virginia. Deciding to extend the experiment further, Pratt was able to convince Native American families to allow their children to attend his boarding school. Richard H. Pratt founded the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in 1879; the difference being, unlike day schools, Carlisle was located over a thousand miles away from the reservation. The Carlisle Indian Industrial School was the first boarding school specifically for Native Americans. The reasoning behind positioning the school a great distance from the reservations was that Pratt believed distance would help break the ties to Native American culture. He has been quoted as saying, "In Indian civilization I am a Baptist, because I believe in immersing the Indian in our civilization and when we get them under, holding them there until they are thoroughly soaked.". Pratt desired to remove the children from their Native roots, and he was harsh in the actions he took.
Being that Pratt was from the Armed Forces, his background dictated how he operated the school. The students were forced to cut their hair, a symbol of their pride. One boarding school student was quoted as saying, "[Long hair] was the pride of all Indians. The boys, one by one, would break down and cry when they saw their braids thrown on the floor. All of the buckskin clothes had to go and we had to put on the clothes of the White Man". The students were stripped of all traces of what their culture was, such as: their long hair, their clothing, and their native language. The same student went on to say, "This is when the loneliness set in, for it was when we knew that we were all alone. Many boys ran away from the school because the treatment was so bad, but most of them were caught and brought back by the police". Having to deal with the oppression of the school and lack of contact from their families, the students were struck with a feeling of loneliness.
Reformation of Indian Boarding School
Changes to the system of the Indian Boarding School took place over the 20th and 21st century. The school system reformed to its current iteration. In the 1920s, Hubert Work, the U.S. Secretary of the Interior, authorized an investigation on the conditions of Indian Boarding Schools; the group reported their findings in the Meriam Report that highlighted the failures of the boarding school system. In the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt, a shift in Federal Native American policy began when President Roosevelt established the Indian New Deal with the purpose of protecting the Native population residing within the United States. The cornerstone of the Indian New Deal was the Indian Reorganization Act in 1934. This act allowed for the Native Americans to construct their own constitutions and govern themselves. In the same year, the Johnson O'Malley Act was passed to fund Native American education. In the year 1966, the Rough Rock Demonstration School was opened. The school was on Navajo land, and was the first boarding school controlled by the Indians. Seeing the success of the Rough Rock Demonstration School, a report was filed in 1969 entitled "Indian Education: A National Tragedy, A National Challenge", which stated that the U.S government's assimilation policy "has had disastrous effects on the education of Indian children". Following this report, the Indian Education Act of 1972 established the Office of Indian Education. The Indian Self Determination and Educational Assistance Act, established in 1975, gave the American Indians the opportunity to legislate "self-determination through community-based schooling". In 1990, the Native American Languages Act granted language rights to Native Americans. The Esther Martinez Native American Languages Preservation Act was established in 2006, which created programs for Native American Language immersion. These changes brought reform the Indian Boarding Schools needed.
The Federal Government established the Santa Fe Indian School (SFIS) in 1890 to educate Native American children from tribes throughout the Southwestern United States. The purpose of creating SFIS was an attempt to assimilate the Native American children into the wider United States culture and economy.
In 1975, the Indian Pueblo Council (AIPC) was formed. It was the first Indian organization to utilize the laws in place to contract an education for their children. Eventually, the AIPC was able to leverage complete control of the school and curriculum. In 2001, with the passing of the SFIS Act, the school took ownership of the land. The school resides on the form of a trust, which is held by the nineteen Pueblo Governors of New Mexico. These acts allow for complete educational sovereignty of the school, by the Pueblo.
The Studio School
In 1932, Dorothy Dunn established "The Studio School" at the Santa Fe Indian School. It was a painting program for Native Americans, which encouraged students to develop a painting style that was derived from their cultural traditions. Dunn left in 1937 was replaced by Geronima Cruz Montoya of Ohkay Owingeh, who taught until the program closed in 1962, with the opening of the Institute of American Indian Arts. Tonita Peña had been an instructor at the school in the 1930s.
Notable alumni of The Studio School
Notable alumni include:
José Vicente Aguilar
Harrison Begay
Crucita Calabaza
Pop Chalee
Cecil Dick
Joe Herrera
Jack Hokeah
Allan Houser
Oscar Howe
Eva Mirabal
Gerald Nailor, Sr.
Jose Encarnacion Peña
Oqwa Pi (Abel Sanchez)
Quincy Tahoma
Pablita Velarde
Rufina Vigil
Sybil Yazzie
Demolition and restoration
Since officially taking control of SFIS, the nineteen Pueblo Tribes began to take action in demolishing and renovating SFIS in the early 2000s. In 2008, the SFIS razed eighteen buildings. Some preservationists were upset by the demolition. School officials stated: "After completing various assessments over the past five years, the Santa Fe Indian School exercised its sovereign authority and due diligence to take action by demolishing buildings to remove the imminent health, safety, and security threats to protect the students and staff of SFIS, including the general public". There was questioning of whether or not SFIS had the right to raze the buildings. After reviewing the different laws and regulations, the sovereignty overruled the Historic Preservation Acts; the Pueblo were able to demolish the historic buildings without retribution. The Pueblo stated the buildings being torn down contained asbestos. They did not have the funds to repair the buildings and maintain them. The demolition of these historic buildings, in turn, had many benefits for the Tribes. "A Pueblo governor reportedly called the demolition of the buildings "a spiritual cleansing" for his people". "Spiritual cleansing" was desired by the Pueblo Tribes after years of attending Indian Boarding Schools and assimilating to different ideals. The restoration of the school contributed to enhancing and reviving the overall cultural experience of the school. The rebuilding of the school was a collaborative design build project between Albuquerque offices of Flintco Construction and ASCG. To create a welcoming, home-like environment, SFIS included fireplaces in the dorms and classrooms. SFIS believes creating a familiar environment will prevent students from becoming homesick and possibly reduce the dropout rate. Today there are 624 students enrolled at SFIS in grades 7-12. Out of 624 students, 155 commutes and 469 live in the dorms. The school is currently 54% girls and 46% boys. The Nineteen Pueblo Tribes were the most influential in the construction of the school; they made sure the architecture reflected their traditions and contained elements of their typical architecture. "A crucial factor in the project's success was sighting the school buildings to replicate a pueblo village while preserving views with religious significance… The buildings radiate out from a central plaza that is the focus of the site design". The design was constructed with the intention of facilitating student comfort. The project had nineteen owners, each a governor of one of the Nineteen Pueblo Tribes. These owners had conflicting views of the project goals increasing the project difficulty, but enhancing the project's outcome. Joseph Abeyta, the Director of the SFIS at the time, believed that these new renovations were their chance to take back ownership of the school and what it represents. They would ensure the school "would reflect and sustain their culture". These desires were fulfilled through the design of the project. The buildings were built in adobe style. The dorms and some classrooms contained fireplaces similar to the ones from their homes. SFIS has round rooms, to stimulate spirituality. These aspects tie together to produce the SFIS of today. With further construction and planning in the future, SFIS has a need to develop a reliable planning system.
Education goals of SFIS
The goals of SFIS are to educate the students by clarifying what they must accomplish, supported by an education of Native American culture as the foundation. "The Santa Fe Indian School remains a pivotal institution and educational training ground for the development of Indian students and their communities". The strong relationship the school has with its tribal communities and parents is a fundamental aspect of the SFIS experience. With enhancing the educational experience and developing a new style of teaching, SFIS is looking to capitalize on the opportunities at hand and incorporate more technology into their plans.
Agriscience
One important initiative is a branch of CBE called Agriscience, which works closely with several Pueblo communities to engage students in all aspects of farming and agricultural practices through regular community visits. They learn about their culture and science while also practicing the design and management of sustainable agriculture systems.
Senior honors project
Another branch of CBE is the Senior Honors Project (SHP). The SHP is designed to teach seniors necessary project skills in a way that helps their community address current problems. Victoria Atencio's SHP is a particularly relevant example. For her project, Honoring Mother Earth, she explored ways of reducing our impact on Earth by going back to traditional ways and focusing on renewable/alternative energy sources, enabling us to become a more sustainable community. She worked with the school's Green Team to teach her peers about more sustainable options.
Campus
There is a dormitory for middle and high school students.
References
External links
The Santa Fe Review: A Special Report: The Mysterious Destruction of the Santa Fe Indian School
Photo gallery at the Palace of the Governors state historical museum
Santa Fe Indian Industrial School and Santa Fe Indian School Yearbooks and Early Newsletters from the collection of the Santa Fe Indian School Library and Archives, on the Indigenous Digital Archive
Educational institutions established in 1890
Education in Santa Fe, New Mexico
Native American boarding schools
Native Americans in Santa Fe, New Mexico
Public high schools in New Mexico
Public middle schools in New Mexico
Schools in Santa Fe County, New Mexico
1890 establishments in New Mexico Territory
Pueblo Revival architecture in Santa Fe, New Mexico
Public boarding schools in the United States
Boarding schools in New Mexico
Thomas D. Carr is a vertebrate paleontologist who received his Ph.D. from the University of Toronto in 2005. He is now a member of the biology faculty at Carthage College in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Much of his work centers on tyrannosauroid dinosaurs. Carr published the first quantitative analysis of tyrannosaurid ontogeny in 1999, establishing that several previously recognized genera and species of tyrannosaurids were in fact juveniles of other recognized taxa. Carr shared the Lanzendorf Prize for scientific illustration at the 2000 Society of Vertebrate Paleontology conference for the artwork in this article. In 2005, he and two colleagues described and named Appalachiosaurus, a late-surviving basal tyrannosauroid found in Alabama. He is also scientific advisor to the Dinosaur Discovery Museum in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Selected publications
Carr, Thomas D. (1999). "Craniofacial ontogeny in Tyrannosauridae (Dinosauria, Coelurosauria)." Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 19 (3): 497–520.
Carr, Thomas D.; Williamson, Thomas E.; & Schwimmer, David R. (2005). "A new genus and species of tyrannosauroid from the Late Cretaceous (middle Campanian) Demopolis Formation of Alabama." Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 25 (1): 119–143.
References
External links
https://www.carthage.edu/live/news/28551-carthage-paleo-track-professor-and-students
https://www.esconi.org/esconi_earth_science_club/2011/04/thomas-carr-decoding-dinosaurs-at-carthage.html
https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/10/151029102249.htm
https://www.science.org/content/article/baby-tyrannosaur-s-ebay-auction-sparks-outrage
Carthage College faculty
Living people
University of Toronto alumni
American paleontologists
20th-century American scientists
21st-century American scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Preobrazhensky () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Preobrazhenskaya. It may refer to
Alexander Preobrazhensky, Russian pedagogue
Boris Preobrazhensky, Soviet otolaryngologist and academician, Hero of Socialist Labor
Konstantin Preobrazhensky, writer on KGB subjects
Mikhail Preobrazhensky, architect
Nikolay Preobrazhensky, Soviet otolaryngologist
Olga Preobrajenska (1871–1962), ballerina of the Russian Imperial Ballet
Olga Preobrazhenskaya (director) (1881–1971), Russian and Soviet actress and film director
Pavel Preobrazhensky, Russian geologist
Sofiya Preobrazhenskaya, Russian opera singer, People's Artist of the USSR
Vasily Khrisanfovich Preobrazhensky, Russian writer
Vasily Petrovich Preobrazhensky, Russian writer
Yevgeni Preobrazhensky, (1886–1937) Bolshevik and economist
Yevgeny Nikolayevich Preobrazhensky, Soviet military leader
Fictional characters
Professor Preobrazhensky, surgeon, from the novel Heart of a Dog by Mikhail Bulgakov
Russian-language surnames
Robert Anthony Lilly (born February 16, 1962) is an American former college and professional football player who was a safety in the National Football League (NFL) for four seasons during the 1980s. Lilly played college football for the University of Florida, and thereafter, he played professionally for the Denver Broncos of the NFL.
Early years
Lilly was born in Alexandria, Virginia in 1962. When he was 9 years old he represented the Washington, D.C. area in the NFL's Punt, Pass, and Kick competition. In 1979, Lilly was one of five players from Northern Virginia named to United Press International's Virginia All-State football team. He attended Woodbridge High School in Woodbridge, Virginia, and he was a standout player for the Woodbridge Vikings high school football team. On October 2, 2004, Woodbridge High School retired the numbers of three former football players, including Lilly's No. 18.
College career
Lilly accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Charley Pell's Florida Gators football team from 1980 to 1983. He became a starter as a freshman when Tim Groves was injured late in the 1980 season, and remained a regular member of the Gators' starting lineup for his remaining three seasons. As a senior in 1983, Lilly was honored as a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and a second-team All-American.
Professional career
The Denver Broncos drafted Lilly in the third round (78th pick overall) in the 1984 NFL Draft, and he played for the Broncos for four seasons from to . Lilly started at safety for the Broncos vs. Washington in Super Bowl XXII. Lilly was badly beaten (even though he had the angle of pursuit) by RB Timmy Smith on a 58-yard TD run and was also torched by WR Ricky Sanders on 80 and 50-yard TD receptions, all during Washington's epic 35-point 2nd quarter explosion; this would be Lilly's last game played in the NFL. In his four-year NFL career, he played in fifty-eight games, started fifteen of them, and totaled nine interceptions and three fumble recoveries.
Life after the NFL
Lilly was a special education instructor and the head football coach at Potomac Senior High School located in Dumfries, Virginia from 2005 to 2009. In 2006, Lilly coached the Panthers to an 11–2 record in his second season and capturing the Cardinal District and Northwest Regional championships in the state of Virginia. The only two losses that season were to eventual Virginia Division 6 state champion Osbourn High School and Division 5 champion Phoebus High School.
In 2007, Lilly guided the Panthers to a perfect 10–0 regular season on the way to the Virginia Division 5 state championship game, before losing to Stone Bridge High School in the final. His 2007 Potomac Panthers finished the season 13–1 overall.
On May 4, 2010, Lilly was named the head football coach of C.D. Hylton High School in Woodbridge, Virginia, where he also serves as a television production teacher. In his first season as head coach, he directed the team to a 10-0 regular season, before losing in their first playoff game against Battlefield, the eventual Division 6 champion who they had defeated earlier in the season.
See also
History of the Denver Broncos
List of Florida Gators in the NFL Draft
References
Bibliography
Carlson, Norm, University of Florida Football Vault: The History of the Florida Gators, Whitman Publishing, LLC, Atlanta, Georgia (2007). .
Golenbock, Peter, Go Gators! An Oral History of Florida's Pursuit of Gridiron Glory, Legends Publishing, LLC, St. Petersburg, Florida (2002). .
Hairston, Jack, Tales from the Gator Swamp: A Collection of the Greatest Gator Stories Ever Told, Sports Publishing, LLC, Champaign, Illinois (2002). .
McCarthy, Kevin M., Fightin' Gators: A History of University of Florida Football, Arcadia Publishing, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina (2000). .
Nash, Noel, ed., The Gainesville Sun Presents The Greatest Moments in Florida Gators Football, Sports Publishing, Inc., Champaign, Illinois (1998). .
1962 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Alexandria, Virginia
Players of American football from Virginia
American football safeties
Florida Gators football players
Denver Broncos players
Coaches of American football from Virginia
High school football coaches in Virginia
This is a list of Romanian football transfers for the 2022–23 summer transfer window. Only moves featuring 2022–23 Liga I are listed.
Liga I
Argeș Pitești
In:
Out:
Botoșani
In:
Out:
CFR Cluj
In:
Out:
Chindia Târgoviște
In:
Out:
Farul Constanța
In:
Out:
FC U Craiova
In:
Out:
FCSB
In:
Out:
Hermannstadt
In:
Out:
Mioveni
In:
Out:
Petrolul Ploiești
In:
Out:
Rapid București
In:
Out:
Sepsi Sfântu Gheorghe
In:
Out:
Universitatea Cluj
In:
Out:
Universitatea Craiova
In:
Out:
UTA Arad
In:
Out:
Voluntari
In:
Out:
References
Romania
2022
Andrew Jackson Felt (27 December 1833 – 27 June 1912) was an American politician. Between 1889 and 1893 he served as Lieutenant Governor of Kansas.
Life
Andrew Felt was born in Victor, New York. He taught school and edited a newspaper. Later he studied law and after his admission to the bar he began to practice as an attorney. Until the beginning of the American Civil War he lived in Bradford in Iowa. During the war he served in the Union Army. After the end of the war he returned to Iowa. He joined the Republican Party and in 1868 and 1872 he was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions. At that time he also held the office of postmaster in his home village. In addition he was engaged in the banking business. Somewhere between 1872 and 1884 he moved to Seneca, Kansas. In 1884 he was a Presidential Elector for Kansas. In 1888 Andrew Felt was elected to the office of the Lieutenant Governor of Kansas. After a re-election in 1890 he served two terms between 14 January 1889 and 9 January 1893 when his second term ended. In this function he was the deputy of Governor Lyman U. Humphrey who also served two terms. Felt was also a member of the Grand Army of the Republic. He died on 27 June 1912 in Garden City, Kansas.
External links
The Political Graveyard
The Lieutenant Governors of Kansas
1833 births
1912 deaths
People from Victor, New York
People of Iowa in the American Civil War
Lieutenant Governors of Kansas
Kansas Republicans
People from Chickasaw County, Iowa
People from Seneca, Kansas
Silvio Maria Giuseppe Francesco Gai (Rome, 5 August 1873 – Livorno, 1 November 1967) was an Italian Fascist politician, Senator and Deputy of the Kingdom of Italy during the interwar period and Minister of Corporative Economy of the Italian Social Republic from September to December 1943.
Biography
The second son of painter Francesco Gai, during his youth he set up a workshop in Rome for the construction of electrostatic devices for medical use, but the company went bankrupt, forcing him to move to Genoa, where he worked in an electric motor factory and later in the merchant navy. He then moved again to Isola della Scala, where he worked in a power plant; having thus gained good knowledge on the subject, he became a designer and builder of electric motors at industrial plants and, finally, at the Orlando shipyard in Livorno. In 1908 he was hired as general director of the "Aziende Industriali Elettriche", an electrical company, and he later became one of the founders of the Marche Electricity Company, which developed the electrical network of the Marche (the company was later involved in the bankruptcy of the Banca Italiana di Sconto, and was absorbed by the Unione Servizi Elettrici of Milan).
In 1920, after the First World War, Gai joined the nascent Fascist movement and quickly became its leader in the Marche, where he established the first "action squads" and became regional secretary of the Italian Fasces of Combat. In 1921 he was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies with the National Fascist Party, and after the March on Rome he became part of the Mussolini Cabinet as undersecretary of the Ministry of Labor, until April 1923. He was re-elected deputy in 1924, and received the rank of luogotenente generale in the Volunteer Militia for National Security. At the same time, he continued to hold various positions in large power companies, and became interested in oil, writing several books on the subject.
Taking into account the experience of the Spanish Civil War, in which he had participated, he designed large underground fuel tanks, sheltered from air attacks, and proposed a plan for their construction in strategic points all over the Italian territory and its colonies which, which accepted by the government but only partially implemented. Having realized the importance for the national economy of the exploitation of the natural gas (methane) fields existing in Emilia and in the Po Valley, he promoted studies on the matter and proposed, in 1940, to set up a specific body to coordinate the production and exploitation of methane: the Ente Nazionale Metano (National Methane Body), of which he was appointed president. In April 1939 he was appointed Senator of the Kingdom.
After the armistice of Cassibile on 8 September 1943, Gai remained in northern Italy and joined the Italian Social Republic on 29 September 1943, being appointed Minister for Corporate Economy, from which however he resigned in December 1943, opposing German plans to transfer workers and machinery from Italian companies to Germany, as well the socialization of the economy supported by part of the PFR. He was appointed president of the Methane and Carbon Fuel Body.
After the end of the war, on 31 July 1945, Gai was removed from the position of senator by the High Court of Justice for Sanctions against Fascism. After losing all institutional roles, he devoted himself to a new economic initiative, seeking to exploit urban waste to obtain recyclable materials and organic fertilizers; pilot plants were built in Viterbo and Cagliari, but the initiative failed to take off due to the lack of interest in the market, still far from the idea that waste could have some use and be an industrially exploitable material. He spent his last years in the Livorno neighborhood of Antignano.
References
1873 births
1967 deaths
Government ministers of Italy
People of the Italian Social Republic
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Kingdom of Italy)
Members of the Senate of the Kingdom of Italy
National Fascist Party politicians
Deputies of Legislature XXVI of the Kingdom of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XXVII of the Kingdom of Italy
Mirko Casper (born 1 March 1982 in Zell (Mosel), Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.
References
1982 births
Living people
People from Zell (Mosel)
German footballers
Association football defenders
FSV Salmrohr players
Alemannia Aachen players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Footballers from Rhineland-Palatinate
Hex Frvr (stylized Hex FRVR) is a puzzle video game released in 2015, created by indie developer Chris Benjaminsen. The player is given an empty hexagon-shaped board, and must strategically place pieces on it to fill in lines of tiles. It started as a test, but unexpectedly went viral after Benjaminsen released it.
Gameplay
The player can choose one of three pieces to add onto an empty board at a time, made up of several small tiles. Linking tiles in a line from one edge of the board to another will remove all the tiles in the completed line, and finishing several lines at once will create a combo for extra points. The game ends when the player can no longer place any more tiles.
Development
Hex Frvr was created by Chris Benjaminsen as a way to test his HTML5 skills. His first game was a version of solitaire, so he "wanted something different." The game was based on a minigame in Second Life. According to Chris Benjaminsen, "Quite a lot of my friends started losing sleep to the game, which is a pretty good indicator that you have a success on your hands." He also commented that "the game got even more addictive when sounds and music were added to the game". The game was released on Facebook and web browsers in August 2015, with the mobile versions releasing 4 October of the same year.
Reception
When the game's creator Chris Benjaminsen promoted the game on Reddit, it got over 1,500 comments and started to go viral. According to Benjaminsen, the Reddit post was "definitely what made the game explode. While I have been successful with distribution before, I have never done anything like this." After five days of being released, Chris Benjaminsen revealed that "players have spent just above 4 full years (1,598 days) playing the game".
Tom Senior wrote an article for PC Gamer titled "Hex FRVR: the perfect procrastination puzzle game", stating "It's so quick and simple that I can't stop playing it." The game has been noted by many players to be addictive.
References
2015 video games
Browser games
Puzzle video games
Indie video games
Video games developed in Denmark
IOS games
Android (operating system) games
Single-player video games
John Peter Leedom (December 20, 1847 – March 18, 1895) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one-term from 1881 to 1883.
Biography
Born in Adams County, Ohio, Leedom attended the common schools. He graduated from Smith's Mercantile College, Portsmouth, Ohio, in 1863. He went on to teach in the public schools of Portsmouth, and engaged in agricultural pursuits. Leedom was elected clerk of the court of common pleas of Adams County in 1874 and was reelected in 1877. He served as a member of the Democratic State central committee in 1879.
Congress
Leedom was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1881 – March 3, 1883). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1882 to the Forty-eighth Congress. He later served as Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives from 1884 to 1890. He died in Toledo, Ohio, and is interred in the Odd Fellows Cemetery, Manchester, Ohio.
See also
List of United States representatives from Ohio
Sources
1847 births
1895 deaths
Sergeants at Arms of the United States House of Representatives
People from Adams County, Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Naito was born in Fujieda on May 25, 1978. After graduating from Shizuoka Gakuen High School, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse besed in his local in 1997. On March 26, he debuted as substitute midfielder at the 73rd minutes against JEF United Ichihara in J.League Cup. However after the debuted he could not play at all in the match and retired end of 1999 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
geocities.co.jp
1978 births
Living people
Association football people from Shizuoka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
Shimizu S-Pulse players
Association football midfielders
People from Fujieda, Shizuoka
Bobovo may refer to:
Bobovo, Pljevlja, Montenegro
Bobovo (Svilajnac), Serbia
Bobovo pri Ponikvi, Slovenia
Bobovo pri Šmarju, Slovenia
Honeymoon in Red is a concept album by a band of the same name, released in 1987, primarily written by Lydia Lunch and Rowland S. Howard. Honeymoon in Red is sometimes referred to as a band or alternately as a collaboration between Lydia Lunch and members of The Birthday Party.
Music
Honeymoon in Red is musically eclectic, combining elements of burlesque, no wave, singer/songwriter Jacques Brel, American Underground, the use of a "varispeed" for atmospherics, a song by country pop songwriter Lee Hazlewood, dissonant piano and guitar and muscular bass guitar and the darkly charismatic personas of Nick Cave and Lydia Lunch.
The album generally resembles the angular pop of The Birthday Party's Prayers on Fire, although the song "Dead in the Head" recalls the strident guitar playing of Teenage Jesus and the Jerks. Unlike The Birthday Party, Honeymoon In Red emphasises vernacular speech akin to 1970s American television and film, instead of emulating the Southern Gothic literary genre. In a 1983 television interview, Lunch spoke of the experimental music as "religious music" that was "not rock".
Artwork
The album's graphic design resembled a lurid 1950s Saul Bass movie poster, with cockfighting motifs. The liner notes from Lunch titled "THE TERRORTORY" comments on commercial and religious puritanical attitudes. It included an Annie Sprinkle photograph of Lunch's body superimposed onto a rural roadmap, also a photograph by Chris Stein of Lunch wearing a "suicide blonde" wig and heavy make up, holding up a large pistol.
Fallout and release
Mick Harvey has stated that the project was originally conceived as a new band; a collaboration between Harvey, Lunch, Genevieve McGuckin and Rowland S. Howard. After the initial recording sessions in Berlin in June 1982, the tapes languished without a release. In 1987 Lunch readied the tapes for release on her own Widowspeak label, with added contributions by J.G. Thirlwell and Thurston Moore. Lunch had already fallen out with Nick Cave and Harvey, and they insisted that their names not appear on the release, as they had no hand in the remix and overdubbing. Lunch subsequently used pseudonyms for Cave and Harvey (including "A drunk cowboy junkie" and "Dick Strum", respectively) and obliquely criticized them in her liner notes as "tight asses" and "sheep in wolf's clothing". The album originally appeared in this reworked form but has subsequently been reissued with the mixes from the original 1982 Berlin sessions.
A 12" single of "Done Dun" (a Cave/Lunch duet) was released on side B of the Lydia Lunch/Thurston Moore/Clint Ruin single "The Crumb", and referred to The Honeymoon in Red Orchestra.
Reception
Trouser Press called it "not a great album by any means, but of definite interest to fans of those involved."
Track listing
Personnel
1982 session
Lydia Lunch – vocals
Rowland S. Howard – guitar, vocals
Genevieve McGuckin – piano, organ
Murray Mitchell – guitar
Tracy Pew – bass
Nick Cave – vocals (credited only as "Her dead twin" and "A drunk cowboy junkie")
Mick Harvey – drums, piano (credited only as "Anonymous", "Scatman Cramden", "Howie Dewitt", "Dick Strum", "Ralf Bellow", "Spencer Turk", and "Frank Leer")
Steve Montgomery – mix
1987 remix session
Thurston Moore – guitar
J.G. Thirlwell AKA Clint Ruin – mix
Martin Bisi – mix
Bonus track "Some Velvet Morning"
Lydia Lunch – vocal
Rowland S. Howard – vocal, guitar
Genevieve McGuckin – piano
Barry Adamson – bass
Mick Harvey – drums
Peter Williams – engineer
References
External links
1987 albums
The Birthday Party (band) albums
Lydia Lunch albums
No wave albums
Rowland S. Howard albums
Age of Reptiles is an album by the band Showbread. It was released on August 1, 2006. It sold over 4,000 copies in its first week making it the first, and so far only, Showbread album to chart on the Billboard 200, peaking at position #198. The album was recorded in Weed, California at RadioStar Studios with producer Sylvia Massy and engineer Rich Veltrop.
Reaction of Fans
Upon its release, the album ignited a controversy among fans of Showbread's previous record, "No Sir, Nihilism Is Not Practical." The songs containing less of a "spastic" sound and less screaming vocals left fans of the hardcore music genre disappointed. Other Showbread fans maintain that it is their best work to date. On August 8, 2006, the band responded with a statement on their official website. Oh! Emetophobia! was first performed at the Underground Cafe in Roseville, California sometime in March 2006.
Track listing
All songs written by Josh Dies.
"Naked Lunch" 2:59
"Pachycephalosaurus" 4:04
"Your Owls Are Hooting" 3:57
"Oh! Emetophobia!" 3:29
"Sing Me To Sleep" 4:07
"George Romero Will Be At Our Wedding" 3:22
"The Jesus Lizard" 3:22
"Centipede Sisters" 2:32
"Dinosaur Bones"4:24
"Age of Reptiles" 10:36
The song "Age of Reptiles" ends at minute 6:38. After 10 seconds of waning sound, begins at 6:48 the hidden track "Age of Insects". This hidden song ends at minute 10:26 and other 10 seconds of waning sound close the album.
Personnel
Josh Dies - Lead Vocals, Guitar
Ivory Mobley - Lead Vocals
Patrick Porter - Bass
Mike Jensen - Guitar
Matt Davis - Guitar
John Giddens - Synthesizer
Marvin Reilly - Drums
Production Mistakes
On the lyrics section, the lyrics to "George Romero Will Be At Our Wedding" are printed twice.
On the track listing, 'The Jesus Lizard' and 'Centipede Sisters' are switched in order.
On iTunes, many of the tracks are mislabeled—the titles for "Oh! Emetophobia!" and "Sing Me To Sleep" are switched, track 7 is incorrectly labeled as "Mouth Like A Magazine" (a song from the band's previous album), and the tracks after track 7 are mislabeled as "The Jesus Lizard", "Centipede Sisters", and "Dinosaur Bones."
References
Showbread (band) albums
2006 albums
Tooth & Nail Records albums
Albums produced by Sylvia Massy
IBAIS University (, IBAIS: International Business Administration and Information System) is a private, nonprofit educational institution in Bangladesh.
Faculties/Department
Faculty of Humanities & Law
Department of English
Department of Tourism & Hotel Management
Department of Law
Faculty of Business & Economics
Department of Business Administration
Department of Economics
Faculty of Science & Engineering
Department of Computer Science & Engineering
Department of Electrical & Electronic Engineering
Institutes
Center for Research & Training
List of vice-chancellors
Prof. Mohammed Ahsan Ullah ( present )
Grading system
Academic calendar
The academic system of IBAISU consists with three semesters:
Spring semester
Summer semester
Fall semester
External links
IBAIS University
University Grants Commission of Bangladesh
References
Educational institutions established in 2002
Private universities in Bangladesh
Universities and colleges in Dhaka
2002 establishments in Bangladesh
José Ramón Uriarte (born 21 January 1967) is a Spanish former professional racing cyclist. He rode in five editions of the Tour de France, three editions of the Giro d'Italia and five editions of the Vuelta a España.
Major results
1992
10th Subida a Urkiola
1993
1st Trofeo Luis Ocana
3rd Trofeo Forla de Navarra
1994
1st Stage 4 Vuelta a Mallorca
1st Stage 4 Vuelta a los Valles Mineros
3rd Trofeo Forla de Navarra
8th Subida a Urkiola
1996
10th Overall Volta ao Alentejo
1997
1st Stage 4b Trofeu Joaquim Agostinho
1st Subida a Txitxarro
8th Overall Vuelta a los Valles Mineros
1998
10th Subida a Urkiola
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
People from Arratia-Nerbioi
Sportspeople from Biscay
Cyclists from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Audrey Madison Turner is an American singer and songwriter known for her collaborations with musician Ike Turner. Madison was one of Turner's backup singers before she became his lead singer, they married in 2006. She was a contestant on the American version of The X-Factor in 2011.
Life and career
Audrey Madison was born in San Francisco to Art and Georgia Madison. Due to her mother's bipolar disorder/psychosis and the loss of her father who was a functioning alcoholic, she and her siblings were forced to rear themselves. Madison participated in beauty contests and talent shows at an early age, eventually debuting an original song at her high school graduation. She abandoned her plans to become a psychologist in order to pursue her musical ambitions, founding the musical group Madison Avenue with her family.
Madison appeared in various talent search competitions and talk shows, including The Carol Vitale Show and on Natalie Cole's Big Break. She became the assistant choreographer to Lon Fontaine of Motown, creating routines for artists such as Aretha Franklin, the Temptations, and the Pointer Sisters.
Madison met Ike Turner through a mutual friend in 1993. She started out as an Ikette before becoming his lead singer. Madison provided vocals on Turner's 1996 album, My Bluescountry. She was compared to Turner's ex-wife and former singing partner Tina Turner. In 1999, Madison joined the band Black Angel which included Ike & Tina Turner's son Ronnie Turner.
Madison and Ike Turner's "professional relationship eventually segued into a romantic one." They received positive reviews for their performances at various music festivals: SXSW (2001), Montreux Jazz Festival (2002), North Sea Jazz Festival (2002), and Jazz à Vienne (2004). Madison became Turner's 14th wife when they married at A Special Memory Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas on October 8, 2006. Turner filed for divorce two months later on December 22, 2006, but after the divorce was granted they reconciled before his death. Turner died on December 12, 2007 without a valid will. Less than a week after his death, Madison filed a petition stating that he had penned a handwritten will naming her as a beneficiary. In 2009, a judge ruled that it was invalid and by law his children were the direct heirs of his estate. That year, Madison provided vocals on a tribute album for Turner titled Rocket 88: Tribute to Ike Turner, released on Zoho Roots.
Madison appeared as a contestant on The X Factor in 2011. In 2016, she released a memoir titled Love Had Everything to Do with It. The book details her volatile relationship with Ike Turner which she attributed to his bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. She told The Afro: "I decided to write it because it was like a cleansing and it released all of the trauma. Also, I wanted the general public to have a better outlook and perspective on where Ike was mentally and emotionally, because so often, as a nation, we turn on people who have mental health issues and define them by their behaviors rather than their condition."
Madison has a son, Maurion Henderson, from a previous relationship.
Discography
Albums
2019: I'm Here
Vocal credits
1990: Let It Flow – Art Madison
1991: Spillin' The Beans – Jellybean
1993: Into The A.M. – Art Madison
1996: My Bluescountry – Ike Turner
2002: The Resurrection: Live Montreux Jazz Festival – Ike Turner's Kings Of Rhythm
2007: Risin' With The Blues – Ike Turner
2009: Rocket 88: Tribute To Ike Turner – Mr. Groove Band
Books
Love Had Everything to Do With It: My Life with Ike Turner, A True Story (2016)
References
American rhythm and blues singers
Blues singer-songwriters
American blues singers
Singers from San Francisco
Songwriters from San Francisco
Kings of Rhythm members
The X Factor (American TV series) contestants
Living people
American soul singers
American women singer-songwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Singer-songwriters from California
21st-century American women
In computing, more is a command to view (but not modify) the contents of a text file one screen at a time.
It is available on Unix and Unix-like systems, DOS, Digital Research FlexOS, IBM/Toshiba 4690 OS, IBM OS/2, Microsoft Windows and ReactOS. Programs of this sort are called pagers. more is a very basic pager, originally allowing only forward navigation through a file, though newer implementations do allow for limited backward movement.
History
The more command was originally written by Daniel Halbert, a graduate student at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1978. It was later expanded on by Eric Shienbrood, Geoff Peck (added underlining, single spacing) and John Foderaro (added -c, more environment variable history). It was first included in 3.0 BSD, and has since become a standard program in all Unix systems. less, a similar command with the extended capability of allowing both forward and backward navigation through the file, was written by Mark Nudelman between 1983 and 1985 and is now included in most Unix and Unix-like systems.
The command is available in MS-DOS versions 2 and later. A more command is also part of ASCII's MSX-DOS2 Tools for MSX-DOS version 2. The Software Link's PC-MOS includes an implementation of more. Like the rest of the operating system, it is licensed under the GPL v3. The FreeDOS version was developed by Jim Hall and is licensed under the GPL v2. The command is also available in the KolibriOS Shell.
The numerical computing environments MATLAB and GNU Octave includes a more
function that turns output pagination on or off.
Usage
Unix-like
The command-syntax is:
more [options] [file_name]
If no file name is provided, more looks for input from standard input.
Once more has obtained input, it displays as much as can fit on the current screen and waits for user input to advance, with the exception that a form feed (^L) will also cause more to wait at that line, regardless of the amount of text on the screen. In the lower-left corner of the screen is displayed the text "--More--" and a percentage, representing the percent of the file that more has paged through. (This percentage includes the text displayed on the current screen.) When more reaches the end of a file (100%) it exits. The most common methods of navigating through a file are Enter, which advances the output by one line, and Space, which advances the output by one screen.
There are also other commands that can be used while navigating through the document; consult more's man page for more details.
Options
Options are typically entered before the file name, but can also be entered in the environment variable $MORE. Options entered in the actual command line will override those entered in the $MORE environment variable. Available options may vary between Unix systems, but a typical set of options is as follows:
-num: This option specifies an integer which is the screen size (in lines).
-d: more will prompt the user with the message [Press space to continue, 'q' to quit.] and will display [Press 'h' for instructions.] instead of ringing the bell when an illegal key is pressed.
-l: more usually treats ^L (form feed) as a special character, and will pause after any line that contains a form feed. The -l option will prevent this behavior.
-f: Causes more to count logical, rather than screen lines (i.e., long lines are not folded).
-p: Do not scroll. Instead, clear the whole screen and then display the text.
-c: Do not scroll. Instead, paint each screen from the top, clearing the remainder of each line as it is displayed.
-s: Squeeze multiple blank lines into one.
-u: Backspaces and carriage returns to be treated as printable characters;
+/: This option specifies a string that will be searched for before each file is displayed. (Ex.: more +/Preamble gpl.txt)
+num: Start at line number num.
Microsoft Windows and ReactOS
The command-syntax is:
command | more [/c] [/p] [/s] [/tn] [+n]
more [[/c] [/p] [/s] [/tn] [+n]] < [Drive:] [Path] FileName
more [/c] [/p] [/s] [/tn] [+n] [files]
Examples
To display the file named letter.txt on the screen, the user can type either of the following two commands:
more letter.txt
type letter.txt | more
The command displays the first screen of information from letter.txt, and then the following prompt appears:
-- More—When the spacebar is pressed, the next screen of information will be displayed.
It is also possible to clear the screen and remove all extra blank lines before displaying the file:
more /c /s < letter.txt
type letter.txt | more /c /s
IBM OS/2
The command-syntax is:
MORE < [drive:][path]filename
command | more
drive:\path\filename – Specifies the location of the file to display one screen at a time.
command | – Specifies the command whose output will be displayed.
Example
Return the content of the OS/2 system directory using the dir command and display it one screen at a time using the more command:
[C:\]dir C:\OS2 | more
See also
pg (Unix)
less (Unix)
most (Unix)
References
Further reading
External links
"FOLDOC entry for pager"; see definition #2.
manpage of more
more | Microsoft Docs
Open source MORE implementation that comes with MS-DOS v2.0
https://www.question-defense.com/documentation/linux-manpages/more
Standard Unix programs
Unix SUS2008 utilities
Terminal pagers
External DOS commands
Microsoft free software
OS/2 commands
ReactOS commands
Windows commands
Windows administration
Ireland participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "Lipstick" written by Dan Priddy, Lars Halvor Jensen and Martin Michael Larson. The song was performed by the duo Jedward. The Irish broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ) organised the national final Eurosong 2011 in order to select the Irish entry for the 2011 contest in Düsseldorf, Germany. Five songs faced the votes of six regional juries and a public televote, ultimately resulting in the selection of "Lipstick" performed by Jedward as the Irish Eurovision entry.
Ireland was drawn to compete in the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 12 May 2011. Performing as the closing entry during the show in position 19, "Lipstick" was announced among the top 10 entries of the second semi-final and therefore qualified to compete in the final on 14 May. It was later revealed that Ireland placed eighth out of the 19 participating countries in the semi-final with 68 points. In the final, Ireland performed in position 6 and placed eighth out of the 25 participating countries, scoring 119 points.
Background
Prior to the 2011 Contest, Ireland had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest forty-four times since its first entry in 1965. Ireland has won the contest a record seven times in total. The country's first win came in 1970, with then-18-year-old Dana winning with "All Kinds of Everything". Ireland holds the record for being the only country to win the contest three times in a row (in 1992, 1993 and 1994), as well as having the only three-time winner (Johnny Logan, who won in 1980 as a singer, 1987 as a singer-songwriter, and again in 1992 as a songwriter). The Irish entry in 2010, "It's for You" performed by Niamh Kavanagh, managed to qualify to the final and placed twenty-third.
The Irish national broadcaster, Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ), broadcasts the event within Ireland and organises the selection process for the nation's entry. RTÉ confirmed their intentions to participate at the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest on 3 November 2010. From 2008 to 2010, RTÉ had set up the national final Eurosong to choose both the song and performer to compete at Eurovision for Ireland, with both the public and regional jury groups involved in the selection. For the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest, RTÉ announced on 26 November 2010 the organisation of Eurosong 2011 to choose the artist and song to represent Ireland at the contest. The competition format differed from the previous three years with a mentor system that involved five music professionals each selecting one entry for the competition, indicating the abandonment of the public entry submission process. In regards to the mentor system, Julian Vignoles, Irish Eurovision Head of Delegation, stated: "Given our mixed results in recent years, we felt it was our duty to look again at our selection procedure to see what method could improve Ireland's chances of winning on the Eurovision stage. Ireland has a vibrant and successful music industry and we want to find the best performer to represent our country. This year we have decided to suspend the open call for entries and instead harness the skills and experience of professionals in the Irish music business to source the talent and the song that has the potential to be a Eurovision winner. We are enlisting five people who each have proven success in different areas of the music industry so the public will have five strong entries to choose from in Eurosong 2011."
Before Eurovision
Eurosong 2011
Eurosong 2011 was the national final format developed by RTÉ in order to select Ireland's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. The competition was broadcast on RTÉ One as well as online via the broadcaster's official website rte.ie and at the official Eurovision Song Contest website eurovision.tv during a special edition of The Late Late Show held on 11 February 2011 and hosted by Ryan Tubridy.
Competing entries
On 26 November 2010, RTÉ revealed the five mentors responsible for selecting the five finalists for the competition. The mentors were:
Caroline Downey-Desmond – Director of MCD and event producer
David Hayes – Musical director and arranger
Liam Lawton – Composer and performer
Ronan Hardiman – Composer
Willie Kavanagh – Chairman of EMI Music Ireland
The five finalists were announced on 28 January 2011 and the songs to be performed by the finalists were presented on 10 February 2011 during The Derek Mooney Show broadcast on RTÉ Radio 1.
Final
The national final was attended by former contest winners Niamh Kavanagh and Bucks Fizz, and former contestant Brian Kennedy. Guest performers included Niamh Kavanagh performing "In Your Eyes" and Bucks Fizz performing "Making Your Mind Up". Following the combination of votes from six regional juries and public televoting which had a weighting equal to the votes of three juries, "Lipstick" performed by Jedward was selected as the winner.
At Eurovision
According to Eurovision rules, all nations with the exceptions of the host country and the "Big Five" (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom) are required to qualify from one of two semi-finals in order to compete for the final; the top ten countries from each semi-final progress to the final. The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) split up the competing countries into six different pots based on voting patterns from previous contests, with countries with favourable voting histories put into the same pot. On 17 January 2011, a special allocation draw was held which placed each country into one of the two semi-finals, as well as which half of the show they would perform in. Ireland was placed into the second semi-final, to be held on 12 May 2011, and was scheduled to perform in the second half of the show. The running order for the semi-finals was decided through another draw on 15 March 2011 and Ireland was set to perform last in position 19, following the entry from Denmark.
In Ireland, the semi-finals were broadcast on RTÉ Two and the final was broadcast on RTÉ One with commentary by Marty Whelan. The second semi-final and final were also broadcast via radio on RTÉ Radio 1 with commentary by Shay Byrne and Zbyszek Zalinski. The Irish spokesperson, who announced the Irish votes during the final, was Derek Mooney.
Semi-final
Jedward took part in technical rehearsals on 4 and 8 May, followed by dress rehearsals on 11 and 12 May. This included the jury final on 21 May where professional juries of each country, responsible for 50 percent of each country's vote, watched and voted on the competing entries.
The Irish performance featured Jedward dressed in red sequence jackets with shoulder pads. The performance began with John Grimes performing the opening line of the song in the centre of the stage followed by Edward Grimes lying on the stage floor and performing the second line, with John later pulling Edward up and continuing the performance, which they concluded by tossing over. The LED screens displayed silhouettes of Jedward dancing in the background alternating with big red lips flashing, with the stage lighting being dominantly in red. Jedward was joined on stage by four backing vocalists: the co-composer of "Lipstick" Dan Priddy, David O'Connor, Leanne Moore and Morgan Deane.
At the end of the show, Ireland was announced as having finished in the top 10 and consequently qualifying for the grand final. It was later revealed that Ireland placed eighth in the semi-final, receiving a total of 68 points.
Final
Shortly after the second semi-final, a winners' press conference was held for the ten qualifying countries. As part of this press conference, the qualifying artists took part in a draw to determine the running order for the final and Ireland was drawn to perform in position 6, following the entry from Hungary and before the entry from Sweden.
Jedward once again took part in dress rehearsals on 13 and 14 May before the final, including the jury final where the professional juries cast their final votes before the live show. Jedward performed a repeat of his semi-final performance during the final on 14 May. Ireland placed eighth in the final, scoring 119 points and achieving Ireland's highest position in the contest since 2000.
Voting
Voting during the three shows consisted of 50 percent public televoting and 50 percent from a jury deliberation. The jury consisted of five music industry professionals who were citizens of the country they represent. This jury was asked to judge each contestant based on: vocal capacity; the stage performance; the song's composition and originality; and the overall impression by the act. In addition, no member of a national jury could be related in any way to any of the competing acts in such a way that they cannot vote impartially and independently.
Following the release of the full split voting by the EBU after the conclusion of the competition, it was revealed that Ireland had placed sixth with the public televote and tenth with the jury vote in the second semi-final. In the public vote, Ireland scored 78 points, while with the jury vote, Ireland scored 66 points. In the final, Ireland had placed tenth with the public televote and sixth with the jury vote. In the public vote, Ireland scored 101 points, while with the jury vote, Ireland scored 119 points.
Below is a breakdown of points awarded to Ireland and awarded by Ireland in the second semi-final and grand final of the contest, and the breakdown of the jury voting and televoting conducted during the two shows:
Points awarded to Ireland
Points awarded by Ireland
References
External links
RTÉ's official Eurovision site
2011
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011
Eurovision
Eurovision
Eurovision
The Nudelman-Suranov NS-37 () was a aircraft cannon, which replaced the unreliable Shpitalny Sh-37 gun. Large caliber was planned to allow destruction of both ground targets (including armoured ones) and planes (ability to shoot down a bomber with a single hit).
Developed by A. E. Nudelman and A. Suranov from OKB-16 Construction Bureau from 1941, it was tested at the front in 1943 and subsequently ordered into production, which lasted until 1945. It was used on the LaGG-3 and Yak-9T fighter planes (mounted between the vee of the engine, in motornaya pushka mounts) and Il-2 ground attack planes (in underwing pods).
Although the heavy round offered large firepower, the relatively low rate of fire and heavy recoil made hitting targets difficult. While pilots were trained to fire short bursts, on light aircraft only the first shot was truly aimed. Additionally, penetration of medium and heavy tanks' top armour was possible only at high angles (above 40 degrees), which was hard to achieve in battle conditions. For these reasons it was soon replaced in 1946 by the N-37 autocannon, which used a lighter 37×155 mm round.
See also
Nudelman-Suranov NS-45 : larger Soviet version
Nudelman N-37 : postwar Soviet version
Weapons of comparable role, performance and era
Vickers S : 40-mm British equivalent
M4 cannon : US equivalent
BK 37 : German equivalent
Ho-203 cannon : Japanese equivalent
References
External links
NS-37 on RAM
Schematic (in Russian)
External links
history and description
round data
37 mm artillery
Autocannons of the Soviet Union
Aircraft guns of the Soviet Union
Izhevsk machine-building plant products
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1942
Karin Reichert-Frisch (; born 17 January 1941) is a German sprinter. She competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1941 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
German female sprinters
Olympic athletes of the United Team of Germany
Olympic athletes of West Germany
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olympic female sprinters
Pribišje (; in older sources Perbišje, , earlier Perbische) is a small settlement in the hills north of Semič in Slovenia. The Municipality of Semič is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The area is also part of the historical region of Lower Carniola.
References
External links
Pribišje at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
North Roland Park/Poplar Hill is a neighborhood in north Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Antonio José Sánchez Mazuecos (born 2 January 1995), known professionally as Antonio José, is a Spanish singer. Since childhood he dedicated himself to the world of music, being actively supported by his mother. In 2005, he participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005 with the song Te traigo flores, getting second place.
In 2015, he won the third season of La Voz, a Spanish talent show. This allowed him to publish an album with Universal Music Group. Since then, Antonio José has published three more albums, therefore being author of a total of six, with the most recent one released in 2019.
After 4 years, Antonio José revealed in 2020 his relationship with Marta Marchena, a Spanish model.
Early life
Antonio José was born on 2 January 1995 in the town of Palma del Río, Córdoba, Spain. His father, Antonio Sánchez, is an AVE maintenance technician, and his mother, María Mazuecos, is a housewife and fond of music. Since childhood he has been a football fan. His father, who was the local football coach, tried to make him a professional player, and Antonio José was successful, becoming runner-up in national futsal competitions. However, his mother tried to bring him closer to the world of music, taking her son regularly to castings. He also assisted to singing and guitar lessons from a young age.
In August 2005, when he was 10, he participated in the television show Veo, Veo, directed by Canal Sur, getting second place. Afterwards, he appeared at the casting of the show organized by Televisión Española Gente de Primera. This show aimed to select the representative of Spain in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005. Antonio José got the pass to the contest on October 2.
In November 2005, he finally participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in Hasselt (Belgium), where he represented his country with the song Te traigo flores (I bring you flowers), dedicated to his recently deceased grandmother. Antonio José got second place with 146 points, just 3 points below the winner, the also 10-year-old Belarusian Ksenia Sitnik with her song My vmeste (We are together, 149 points). The inhabitants of his town, including the then mayor Salvador Blanco, celebrated in the streets and congratulated him on his performance in the contest. During all this time, Antonio José did not give up football, keeping it as one of his passions.
Career
Shortly after his participation in Junior Eurovision, Antonio José published his first album, Te traigo flores, with the same name of the song he sang in the contest. This album combines flamenco, characteristic of his region, with Latin rhythms. 4 years later, in 2009, he published his second album, To-do vuelve a empezar (Everything starts again), with songs reflecting teenage situations in the form of rock, pop, funk or ballads.
In 2015, he participated at the third season of the reality talent show La Voz (The Voice). Antonio José has stated that it was his mother the one who called the contest to present him. Being on Antonio Orozco's team, he became one of the four finalists. He chose to interpret the song Aprendiz (Apprentice), by Malú, one of the coaches of the contest. Antonio José won the contest, which allowed him to record an album with Universal Music Group. This album came out just a month later his victory in the contest, and was titled El viaje (The journey).
Afterwards, in 2016, Antonio José published Senti2 ("two" is pronounced in Spanish as "dos", therefore meaning "sentidos", feelings), in 2017, A un milímetro de ti (One millimeter away from you), and in 2019, Antídoto (Antidote). The latter reached great popularity in Spain, being the best selling one in the country at the date of its release.
Discography
Albums
As of 2021, he has published six albums:
Te traigo flores (2005)
To-do vuelve a empezar (2009)
El viaje (2015)
Senti2 (2016)
A un milímetro de ti (2017)
Antídoto (2019)
Songs
Selected songs:
De qué manera (2015)
Por si llegamos a tiempo (2015)
Aquí estoy yo (2015)
El arte de vivir (2015)
Contigo (2016)
Tengo un corazón (2016)
Tú me obligaste (2017) (feat. Cali y El Dandee)
Me haces falta (2017)
Me olvidé (2018)
Se vive mejor (2018) (feat. Juan Magán)
Solo dime (2018)
A dónde vas (2019) (feat. Diogo Piçarra)
Me equivocaré (2019)
Dile (2019)
Deja a ese idiota (2019)
Antídoto (2020) (feat. Greeicy)
Ando perdido (2020)
Cuando te vuelva a ver (2020)
References
External links
Official website
1995 births
Living people
Singers from Andalusia
Spanish pop singers
Flamenco singers
Latin pop singers
21st-century Spanish singers
21st-century Spanish male singers
Junior Eurovision Song Contest entrants
Leptachirus is a genus of small soles native to brackish and fresh water in New Guinea and northern Australia.
Species
There are currently nine recognized species in this genus:
Leptachirus alleni J. E. Randall, 2007 (Allen's Sole)
Leptachirus bensbach J. E. Randall, 2007 (Bensbach River Sole)
Leptachirus darwinensis J. E. Randall, 2007 (Darwin Sole)
Leptachirus kikori J. E. Randall, 2007 (Kikori River Sole)
Leptachirus klunzingeri (M. C. W. Weber, 1907) (Tailed sole)
Leptachirus lorentz J. E. Randall, 2007 (Lorentz River Sole)
Leptachirus polylepis J. E. Randall, 2007 (Manyscale Sole)
Leptachirus robertsi J. E. Randall, 2007 (Robert's Sole)
Leptachirus triramus J. E. Randall, 2007 (Three-line Sole)
References
Soleidae
Freshwater fish genera
Taxa named by John Ernest Randall
Trifluoromethylisocyanide is the chemical compound with the formula CF3NC. It is an isocyanide and a fluorocarbon. Polymerisation occurs even at temperatures below its boiling point of -80 °C. As a ligand in coordination chemistry, this species behaves similarly to carbon monoxide.
The compound trifluoracetonitrile (CF3CN) is an isomer to trifluoromethylisocyanide. The nitrile is more stable, as is the usual case.
References
Isocyanides
Trifluoromethyl compounds
John Cullom "Red" Floyd (July 14, 1891 – July 20, 1965) was an American football and basketball player and coach. He played football at Vanderbilt University with such greats as Irby "Rabbit" Curry and Josh Cody, captaining the 1920 Vanderbilt Commodores football team. He served as the head football coach at Middle Tennessee State University (1917, 1935–1938), Auburn University (1929), and The Citadel in South Carolina (1930–1931), compiling a career college football record of 39–21–4. Floyd was also the head basketball coach at Vanderbilt University from 1927 to 1929 and at Middle Tennessee from 1935 to 1939, tallying a career college basketball mark of 22–53.
Coaching career
In 1917, Floyd entered his first stint as a head coach at Middle Tennessee, and had a record of 7–0. Jess Neely was a member of the 1917 team. In 1929, he coached at Auburn, and compiled an 0–4 record. This makes him the only coach in NCAA history to lose four straight games after winning his first seven. From 1930 to 1931, he coached at The Citadel, and compiled a 9–9–3 record. From 1935 to 1938, he entered his second stint as a head coach at Middle Tennessee State, where he compiled a 23–8–1 record, including a second undefeated season in 1935 at 8–0.
Floyd was the eighth head football coach at The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina, serving for two seasons, from 1930 to 1931, and compiling a record of 9–9–3.
In August 1935, Floyd was appointed head football coach at Middle Tennessee, succeeding E. M. Waller.
Death
Floyd died on July 20, 1965, at Bedford County General Hospital in Shelbyville, Tennessee.
Head coaching record
Football
See also
List of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure
Notes
References
1891 births
1965 deaths
American football halfbacks
American men's basketball players
Guards (basketball)
Auburn Tigers football coaches
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football coaches
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders men's basketball coaches
Rice Owls football coaches
The Citadel Bulldogs athletic directors
The Citadel Bulldogs football coaches
Vanderbilt Commodores football coaches
Vanderbilt Commodores football players
Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball coaches
Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball players
All-Southern college football players
People from Murfreesboro, Tennessee
Coaches of American football from Tennessee
Players of American football from Tennessee
Basketball coaches from Tennessee
Basketball players from Tennessee
Adult and Non-Formal Education Association in Ethiopia (ANFEAE) is a non-governmental organization that was established to promote sustainable development through the promotion of basic education in youths across Ethiopia. ANFEAE works with community-based institutions to help with implementation and management of educational projects, advocacy, educational training, material development, and networking and research. ANFEAE has regional project offices in Gambela, Oromia, Benishangul Gumuz and Amhara regional states. Since its establishment, the organization has trained 1,200 civil servants and published 17 training manuals into four national languages.
Mission
ANFEAE works to tackle the major educational challenges that Ethiopia confronts by implementing and helping manage education projects. UNESCO outlines the basic structure of such programs in ANFEAE:
Educational material is developed by a group consisting of teachers, learners and representatives from health and agriculture organizations. The training course lasts two years (300 hours of instruction in all) in classes of 25 participants, and costs a total of US$240,000, or less than US$40 per pupil. Funds come from USAID Via Pact Ethiopia, SIDA Via Pact Ethiopia, the Addis Abeba, World Bank-Small Grant Programme as well as donations from ANFEAE members. Some former learners become teachers, after a month's training. Each is responsible for 50 pupils and receives a monthly salary of US$45.
ANFAE's mission is to "help economic and social development of the country through promoting Lifelong Learning and facilitating quality and life-enhancing education and training for adults, the youth and children in rural and urban areas of Ethiopia." ANFEAE cites numerous outlets through which education in Ethiopia can be cultivated and enhanced: capacity building, research and documentation, women and empowerment, cross cutting issues, and networking and partnership. The goal is to promote community-based organizations, grassroots governmental institutions, literacy and learning initiatives among women, HIV/AIDS awareness, and the establishment and strengthening of partnerships and networks among educational institutions and communities.
Recognition
In 2008, ANFEAE won the UNESCO International Literacy Prize for its Literacy Plus project. The project was based on the initiative that "women are the future of mankind." According to EAEA, Literacy Plus is a women's empowerment program that “combines business, banking, peace building, conflict resolution, malaria control, animal management and literacy, a program in which women become social activists and social entrepreneurs, effective leaders who are bringing about change in their community.” Through this project, ANFEAE helped empower over 6,200 rural poor women by helping them acquire relevant literacy and business and management-related skills. According to ANFEAE director Alemayehu Haily Gebre, a survey of 3,000 women, out of the total 6,200, showed that half of them (over 1,500) increased their revenues by 25%.
References
Educational organisations based in Ethiopia
is a private junior college in Kamo, Niigata, Japan, established in 1968.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1968
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Niigata Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1968 establishments in Japan
Kamo, Niigata
Mohamed Ahmed Saeed Ahmed El Fadul (born 20 October 1997), commonly known as Mohamed Ering is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a defender for Al-Hilal Omdurman and the Sudan national football team.
References
Living people
1997 births
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football defenders
Al-Hilal Club (Omdurman) players
is a role-playing video game developed by imageepoch and published by Marvelous Entertainment. In Luminous Arc 3, witches have ceased to exist, but their legacy lives on through "Magi". There are two people who are associated with witches. One is Sarah, who wants to become the legendary witch and the Holy Witch Sylvia.
Gameplay
Luminous Arc 3 follows the base gameplay of the previous games of the series with few improvements.
Plot
Story
The Royal Kingdom of Saint Bardia had been in peace for a thousand years. People thank the Holy Knight Anogia and the legendary Holy Witch Sylvia, which saved the world once. A war between humans and the Felicias (a species of fairy) has started. They fight for the power of Eyes that provides magical powers.
References
External links
Official Japanese Website
2009 video games
Fantasy video games
Marvelous Entertainment
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Role-playing video games
Video games developed in Japan
Image Epoch games
Video games about witchcraft
Japan-exclusive video games
Luminous Arc
Giyesu (; 1645–1697), formally known as Prince Kang, was a Manchu prince and general of the Qing dynasty. Born into the imperial Aisin Gioro clan, he was a distant cousin of the Kangxi Emperor and is best known for leading Qing forces to suppress a rebellion by Geng Jingzhong in southwestern China between 1674 and 1675 and repel an invasion by Taiwan warlord Zheng Jing in 1676–1677.
Title inheritance
Giyesu was born in the Manchu Aisin Gioro clan as a great-grandson of Nurhaci, the founder of the Qing dynasty. His grandfather, Daišan, was the founding titleholder of the Prince Li peerage. His father, Hūse (祜塞; d. 1646), who was the eighth and youngest son of Daišan, held the title of a feng'en zhenguo gong or first-class imperial duke. After Hūse died, his title was inherited by his second son, Jinggi (精濟; 1644–1649), who, sometime before 1649, was promoted to a junwang (second-rank prince). Jinggi died in July 1649. Giyesu, who was then only four years old, became the heir to Jinggi's princely peerage. In 1651, he was conferred the title "Prince Kang of the Second Rank".
In 1659, Giyesu's uncle, Mandahai (滿達海), was posthumously convicted and demoted from a qinwang (first-rank prince) to a beile (third-rank prince). Mandahai's son, Chang'adai, was also demoted from a qinwang to beile. The Prince Li peerage, which was previously held by Mandahai, was then passed on to Giyesu, who inherited it under the Prince Kang title; Giyesu was promoted to "Prince Kang of the First Rank".
Career
In the late spring of 1674, Prince Kang was appointed as a general and ordered to lead imperial troops to Zhejiang to suppress a rebellion by Geng Jingzhong, one of the "Three Feudatories". Among his deputies were Fulata, Laita (賴塔), Laha (喇哈) and Jirtab (紀爾他布). In the ninth month, when Prince Kang and his army arrived in Jinhua, Geng Jingzhong had already conquered Wenzhou, Chuzhou and other cities in southern Zhejiang. Not long later, Geng Jingzhong's subordinate, Xu Shangchao (徐尚朝), led 50,000 troops to attack Jinhua. In response, Prince Kang ordered Bayar (巴雅爾) and Mahada (馬哈達) to lead imperial forces to resist the rebels; Bayar and Mahada's forces defeated Wu Rongxian (吳榮先) and killed over 20,000 rebels. In the 12th month, Xu Shangchao personally led 50,000 troops to attack the villages south of Jinhua. Baya'er and Chen Shikai (陳世凱) led imperial troops to attack the rebels and defeated them at Jidaoshan (積道山), and recaptured Yongkang and Jinyun counties from the rebels. Prince Kang defeated Fang Maogong (方懋功) at Shangyu, and Feng Gongfu (馮公輔) at Yiwu and Wuyi County and took back the territories from the rebels.
In 1675, Mahada and Li Rong (李榮) defeated Sha Youxiang (沙有祥) at Taohua Ridge (桃花嶺) and recaptured Chuzhou from the rebels. In the following year, Prince Kang led imperial forces through Zhejiang and prepared to attack Fujian, which was under rebel control. Around the time, Zheng Jing, the ruler of the Kingdom of Tungning in Taiwan, had occupied the prefectures of Zhangzhou and Quanzhou in Fujian. At this point, Geng Jingzhong's rebel forces were running short on supplies. In the ninth lunar month of 1676, Prince Kang successfully recaptured Jianyang and forced the rebels at Jianning and Yanping to surrender. Sensing that defeat was imminent, Geng Jingzhong sent his son, Geng Xianzuo (耿顯祚), to meet Prince Kang and convey his wish to surrender. He personally surrendered to Prince Kang later on. In the tenth month, Prince Kang and Qing imperial forces entered Fuzhou and completely pacified Geng Jingzhong's rebellion.
In the tenth lunar month of 1676, Zheng Jing's subordinate, Xu Yao (許耀), led 30,000 troops to attack Fuzhou. In response, Prince Kang ordered Lahada (拉哈達) to lead imperial forces to resist Zheng's forces. The imperial army was victorious and recaptured Ninghua, Qingliu, Changting and other counties. In the first month of 1677, Lahada and Laita (賴塔) defeated Zheng Jing's forces at Baimaoshan (白茅山) and Taipingshan (太平山), and recaptured Xinghua (now part of Putian and Xianyou) from the enemy. By the second month, they had driven Zheng Jing's forces out of Quanzhou and Zhangzhou and pacified most of Fujian. In the fourth month, Prince Kang wrote to Zheng Jing, who had retreated to Xiamen, to surrender. Zheng Jing refused, so Prince Kang prepared for an attack on Xiamen. At the same time, Prince Kang also recommended Yao Qisheng to the Qing imperial court to serve as the governor-general of Fujian. By 1680, Zheng Jing had been completely defeated in Fujian and forced to retreat with his remaining forces back to Taiwan.
Prince Kang died in 1697 and was posthumously honoured as Prince Kangliang of the First Rank (康良親王). He was survived by at least two sons, Chuntai (椿泰; d. 1709) and Bartu (巴爾圖; d. 1753), who successively inherited the Prince Kang title from their father.
Family
Father: Huse, Prince Kanghuishun of the First Rank (康惠顺亲王)
Mother: Primary consort, of the Khorchin Borjigin clan
Consorts and issue:
Primary consort, of the Khorchin Borjigin clan (嫡福晋 科尔沁博尔济吉特氏), daughter of Prince Esen (额森台吉)
Primary consort, of the Donggo clan (继福晋 董鄂氏), daughter of Huase (华塞)
Chuntai, Prince Kangdao of the First Rank (康悼亲王 春泰), fifth son
Secondary consort, of the Sakda clan (侧福晋 萨克达氏), daughter of Mase (马塞)
Ba'ertu, Prince Kangjian of the First Rank (康简亲王 巴尔图), fourth son
Mistress, of the Šumuru clan (舒穆录氏)
Nitaha, Third class bulwark general (已革三等辅国将军 尼塔哈), first son
Mistress, of the Nara clan (那拉氏), daughter of Xihana (西哈纳)
Yantai (燕泰), second son
Mistress, of the Li clan (李氏)
Mistress, of the Hešeri clan, daughter of Nartai (纳尔泰)
Zha'ertu, third class bulwark general (三等辅国将军 扎尔图), third son
Mistress, of the Li clan
Mistress, of the Wang clan (王氏)
Mistress, of the Hešeri clan, daughter of Hese (赫瑟)
Mistress, of the Nara clan, daughter of Nadai (纳岱)
Mistress, of the Niohuru clan
Mistress, of the Su clan (苏氏)
Mistress, of the Xiang clan (相氏)
Concubine, of the Liu clan (刘氏)
Concubine, of the Yang clan (杨氏)
Ancestry
In fiction
Prince Kang appears as a minor character in the novel The Deer and the Cauldron by Louis Cha. In the novel, he befriends the protagonist, Wei Xiaobao, and becomes one of Wei's closest allies in the Qing imperial court.
See also
Prince Li (禮)
Royal and noble ranks of the Qing dynasty#Male members
References
1645 births
1697 deaths
17th-century Chinese people
Qing dynasty imperial princes
Prince Li
Ellen Frances Buttrick (born 3 August 1995) is a British Paralympic rower who competes in the mixed coxed four.
Buttrick was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to rowing.
Buttrkick studied at Northumbria University for a BSc in Geography. She currently studies at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) where she is undertaking a MSc in Gender, Policy and Inequalities.
References
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Peterborough
British female rowers
Rowers at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in rowing
Paralympic gold medalists for Great Britain
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Ronald William Bailey (1917-2010) was a British diplomat who specialised in Middle East affairs. His career culminated in his appointment as British Ambassador to Morocco.
Biography
Reading Spanish and French at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, he became friendly with an Egyptian minister's son who invited him to Egypt, where they rode out with the Camel Corps and met a former prime minister at King Tutankhamun's tomb. Bailey's first posting was Beirut, where he was a Probationer Vice-Consul, also taking Arabic classes at the American University.
After the fall of France in 1940 he arrived in Alexandria as vice-consul to receive a telegram announcing the arrival next day of 2,000 refugees from Greece. Two thousand mattresses were found; local ladies made corned beef soup; and ambulances were summoned after one of the ships was bombed. Among the refugees were the novelist Lawrence Durrell, King George II of the Hellenes (who shared Bailey's office) and a Greek priest with the name Jesus Christ on his passport – the man said God had called him to Jerusalem, but he was not entitled to a visa.
When the Italians accused British troops of damaging archaeological sites in Cyrenaica, Bailey was sent with Professor Alan Rowe of Alexandria University to investigate, though the Germans were close by. They found one statue whose nose had been shot off by a drunken Polish soldier.
Post-war
After marrying Joan Gray in 1945, Bailey remained in Egypt. Another spell in Beirut was followed by a posting to Washington, replacing the Soviet spy Donald Maclean.
As Head of Mission in Taiz in Yemen in the early 1960s he survived a knife attack by a night-time intruder. He served as the British Ambassador in Bolivia between 1967 and 1971.
Bailey arrived in Morocco for his last posting just after an attack had been made on the royal aeroplane, during which the king, Hassan II, had been forced to take the controls. But Bailey found it a tranquil appointment, not least because he could speak to the sovereign in Arabic, Spanish and French.
After retiring in 1975 he founded the British Moroccan Society, and became president of the Society for the Protection of Animals in North Africa. He also was elected a Tory councillor in Haslemere and edited a 12-volume Records of Oman 1867-1960.
He was appointed CMG in 1961.
Honours
Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) - 1961
References
External links
Interview with Ronald William Bailey & transcript, British Diplomatic Oral History Programme, Churchill College, Cambridge, 1996
1917 births
Members of HM Diplomatic Service
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Morocco
2010 deaths
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Bolivia
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
British expatriates in Egypt
British expatriates in Lebanon
British expatriates in the United States
British expatriates in Yemen
20th-century British diplomats
OMBIIGIZI is a Canadian musical project, consisting of Adam Sturgeon of Status/Non-Status and Daniel Monkman of Zoon. Their debut album Sewn Back Together was released in 2022, and was longlisted for the 2022 Polaris Music Prize.
Sturgeon and Monkman first met in 2018, bonding over their commonalities as indigenous musicians who were interested in experimental and alternative rock music, and discussed the possibility of collaborating. Shortly thereafter, Sturgeon met Kevin Drew of Broken Social Scene at a fundraising benefit for the Gord Downie and Chanie Wenjack Fund; when the duo decided to proceed with the planned collaboration in 2021, Drew arranged a series of recording sessions at the Bathouse Recording Studio, and served as the album's producer.
The album's first preview single, "Residential Military", was released in November 2021, and was followed by "Cherry Coke" in January 2022, before the full album was released in February on Arts & Crafts Productions.
References
Canadian indie rock groups
First Nations musical groups
Arts & Crafts Productions artists
Musical groups established in 2021
In enzymology, a D-ornithine 4,5-aminomutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-ornithine (2R,4S)-2,4-diaminopentanoate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, D-ornithine, and one product, (2R,4S)-2,4-diaminopentanoate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring amino groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-ornithine 4,5-aminomutase. Other names in common use include D-alpha-ornithine 5,4-aminomutase, and D-ornithine aminomutase. This enzyme participates in d-arginine and d-ornithine metabolism. It has 3 cofactors: pyridoxal phosphate, Cobamide coenzyme, and Dithiothreitol.
References
EC 5.4.3
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
John Haywood or Heywood may refer to:
John Haywood (politician) (1754–1827), North Carolina state treasurer
John Haywood (American historian) (1762–1826), Tennessee judge and historian
John Haywood (British historian), British historian
John Haywood (cricketer), English cricketer
See also
John Heywood (disambiguation)
John Heywood Hawkins (1802–1877), British Member of Parliament for Mitchell 1830–1831, Newport 1833–1841
John Hayward (disambiguation)
Tuxedos is the eighth EP by American indie rock band Cold War Kids. This was the follow up to their fourth studio album Dear Miss Lonelyhearts and was released digitally on September 17, 2013 by Downtown Records. On August 15, Cold War Kids announced that they were going to follow up Dear Miss Lonelyhearts by releasing a six-track EP on digital only. Besides the title track, the EP features an alternate version of "Bottled Affection", covers of Antony and the Johnsons ("Aeon") and The Band ("You Don't Come Through") and two previously unreleased tracks in the US ("Romance Languages #2" and "Pine St.").
To promote both efforts, the band went on a 32-city US headlining tour with support act Papa, ending in early November. The band further promoted their EP by shooting a music video for the track "Pine St." and premiered it on their record label's YouTube page on November 13, 2013.
Track listing
References
2013 EPs
Cold War Kids EPs
Downtown Records EPs
ITunes-exclusive releases
Motorized infantry is infantry that is transported by trucks or other motor vehicles. It is distinguished from mechanized infantry, which is carried in armoured personnel carriers or infantry fighting vehicles, and from light infantry, which can typically operate autonomously from supporting elements and vehicles for relatively long periods and may be airborne.
Operations
As defined by the United States Army, motorization is "the use of unarmored wheeled vehicles for the transportation of combat units." Motorizing infantry is the first stage towards the mechanization of an army. Civilian trucks are often readily adaptable to military uses of transporting soldiers, towing guns, and carrying equipment and supplies. Motorization greatly increases the strategic mobility of infantry units, which would otherwise rely on marches or railroads. In practice, armies have found it advantageous to develop trucks to military specifications, such as all-wheel drive, to have vehicles that function reliably in extremes of weather and terrain.
Motorization provides no direct tactical advantage in small-unit combat, as trucks and jeeps are vulnerable to artillery and small arms fire. However, in larger battles, motorized infantry has an advantage in mobility allowing them to move to critical sectors of the battlefield faster, allowing better response to enemy movements, and the ability to outmaneuver the enemy.
The disadvantage of motorization is that fuel is critical; if motorized divisions run out of fuel, they may be required to abandon their vehicles.
History
World War One was the first major war to see use of petroleum-powered vehicles used to transport supplies and personnel, and to fight the enemy. Unarmored and armored cars were dispatched to attack enemy positions and trains, and were used to patrol the front. However, this was on a small scale and a majority of movement was on foot and logistics with trains and horse-drawn logistics.
The Pancho Villa Expedition was a notable use of the armored car by the United States Cavalry under the command of General Pershing. There a Lieutenant George S. Patton was introduced to mechanized warfare when he led a small group of men against Villa's forces at San Miguelito Ranch.
After the war, the major militaries of the world saw the great benefit that motorized vehicles could have on the logistics and combat effectiveness of their infantry units.
In the 1920s, the British created the Experimental Mechanized Force between the wars to test the capabilities of all-arms formations of mechanized units, this included motorized infantry ("Motor Battalions").
The speed advantages of motorized infantry first became important in World War II in the German Blitzkrieg. While it was no more robust than the regular infantry that moved on foot, its increased speed became decisive in the Blitzkrieg strategy, as it could follow the panzer forces and defend its flanks.
Notwithstanding the obvious advantages of motorization, most countries opted for only partial motorization of their infantry because of the cost and logistical implications caused by the deployment of so many vehicles. Even large armies were affected by such factors. The motorization of Armies required massive industrialization of the economies in order to meet the heavy cost for vehicle production, replacement parts, and fueling.
The bulk of German and Soviet infantry remained on foot. While some units of the Wehrmacht, e.g. armored divisions, were highly mechanized, most of the army was still using horses due to their inconsistent oil supply.
US infantry divisions were able to motorize a major portion of their infantry due to their industrial base. Likewise, infantry divisions of the British Empire could motorize chosen subordinate units, but infantry usually advanced on foot.
Finally, after WW2, most armies completely motorized and partially mechanized their infantry. The engineering improvements throughout the 20th century allowed for increasingly bigger vehicles to be deployed.
In Russia and the former Soviet Union, the term motostrelki (мотострелки in Cyrillic) is used to indicate mechanized infantry; that usage, during the Korean War, prevailed in all Warsaw Pact countries. This "motor rifle" divisions were mostly mechanized but had a core of motorized infantry with them. In practice, this meant that the infantry of the Soviet and Russian "Tank" divisions rode in fully tracked BMP vehicles, while those in "Motor Rifle" divisions were equipped with wheeled BTR vehicles.
Present day
After the Vietnam War, the US military saw the need for light squad based transportation. This project became the Humvee which was used extensively by the Army and Marine Corps in the Gulf War, Early War in Afghanistan, and Early Iraq War. The latter two conflicts resulted in a large scale insurgency and saw the increase in use of IEDs. This soon became the largest source of casualties to NATO forces. The result was a shift away from lightly armored vehicles to more mechanized vehicles or more heavily armored MRAPs. During the duration of the Humvee's use in Iraq and Afghanistan and before the roll-out of MRAPs, it slowly became more heavily armored with larger turret shields, bulletproof glass and extra plating on its doors and components. Less armored but faster and lighter MRAPs were developed under the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle program, which is now phase in the Oshkosh L-ATV and M-ATV. It has been described as "The first vehicle purpose-built for modern battlefield-networks." These vehicles have seen deployments in Rojava, Syria in Operation Inherent Resolve.
For transportation outside of combat, the US military fields a variety of trucks including the Medium Tactical Vehicles replacement for the Marine Corps and the Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles for the Army. The National Guard and other reserve units also field older models such as the M939 5-ton 6x6.
See also
Infantry mobility vehicle
Dragoon
Mounted infantry
Tank desant
References
Citations
External links
548th Transportation Co. Convoy Live Fire
Infantry
Tonite Lets All Make Love in London is a soundtrack album released on LP in 1968, for the 1967 documentary film of the same name, made by Peter Whitehead about the "swinging London" scene of the sixties. The film consists of a series of psychedelic performances and interviews and features live performance by Pink Floyd, together with footage of John Lennon, Yoko Ono, Mick Jagger, Vanessa Redgrave, Lee Marvin, Julie Christie, Allen Ginsberg, Eric Burdon, Michael Caine and many others attending one of the band's concerts.
Reissues
In 1990 See for Miles Records released an expanded version of the soundtrack on CD under the title Tonite Let's All Make Love in London ...Plus (Catalog Number: SEEK 258). The album included most of the tracks from Tonite Let's All Make Love in London. Have You Seen Your Mother, Baby, Standing in the Shadow? and Lady Jane by the Rolling Stones is featured in the movie but not on any version of the soundtrack album. "Interstellar Overdrive" which had only appeared in a 3.02 edited form on the original release was replaced by the previously unreleased 16:46 full-length version. Another long and previously unreleased instrumental track by Pink Floyd, the 11:50 "Nick's Boogie", was also included in this release, together with the interviews that appear in the film.
Other versions of this soundtrack have also been released. In 1996, Power House 2001 Records released a CD under the name, Pink Floyd & Friends – Interstellar Overdrive that included the full 16:49 "Interstellar Overdrive" and "Nick's Boogie" (at 11:47) by Pink Floyd, plus an interview with Mick Jagger and an introductory reading by Allen Ginsberg called "Tonight Let's All Make Love in London". However, there are other tracks by Fleetwood Mac, the Nice, the Moody Blues and others that did not appear on the original album or the See for Miles reissue. In 1998 both of the full extended Pink Floyd tracks were released as a bonus disc in the book "The Progressive Rock Files" by Canadian radio host Jerry Lucky.
To help promote Tonite Let's All Make Love in London...Plus, the interviews with Michael Caine and Lee Marvin and the two extended instrumental tracks, "Nick's Boogie" and "Interstellar Overdrive", were also released as a Pink Floyd CD. While the sleeve for the Pink Floyd release of Tonite Let's All Make Love in London...Plus states 'Mini Promotion – CD Sampler' this item was in fact a full release and was available for sale in many independent record stores. The interviews are also as one track, thus the CD has three tracks, although the booklet incorrectly lists the interviews as two separate tracks.
Soundtrack albums' track listings
Tonite Lets All Make Love in London. (1968) (Instant Records)
Side One
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive" (Barrett/Mason/Waters/Wright) – 3:02
This is the edited version of the almost 17 minutes long early take of the song, which is released on the London '66-'67 album and the See for Miles Records release Tonite Let's All Make Love in London ...plus
Marquess of Kensington – "Changing of the Guard" (Leander/Mills) – 3:06
Twice as Much – "Night Time Girl" (Skinner/Rose) – 3:00
Chris Farlowe – "Out of Time" (Jagger/Richards) – 3:36
Side Two
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive" (Reprise) (Barrett) – 0:33
A clip from the beginning of the 17-minute-long "Interstellar Overdrive" take.
Vashti – "Winter Is Blue" (Bunyan/Skinner) – 3:21
Chris Farlowe – "Paint It, Black" (Jagger/Richards) – 3:35
The Small Faces – "Here Come the Nice" (Marriott/Lane) – 3:10
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive" (Reprise) (Barrett) – 0:54
A clip from the beginning of the 17-minute-long "Interstellar Overdrive" take.
Tonite Let's All Make Love in London...Plus (1990) (See for Miles Records)
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive" (Full Length Version) (Barrett/Mason/Waters/Wright) – 16:49
"Michael Caine" interview – 0:09
Marquis of Kensington – "Changing of the Guard" (Leander/Mills) – 2:52
Twice as Much – "Night Time Girl" (Skinner/Rose) – 2:41
"Interview: 'Dolly Bird'" – 0:52
Chris Farlowe – "Out of Time" (Jagger/Richard) – 3:04
"Interview: Edna O'Brien" – 2:23
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive" (reprise) (Barrett) – 0:33
"Andrew Loog Oldham" interview – 0:22
Vashti – "Winter Is Blue" (Bunyan/Skinner) – 1:27
"Interview: Andrew Loog Oldham" – 1:22
Vashti – "Winter Is Blue" (Reprise) (Bunyan/Skinner) – 1:23
"Interview: Mick Jagger" – 3:15
"Interview: Julie Christie" – 0:46
"Interview: Michael Caine" – 1:29
Chris Farlowe – "Paint It, Black" (Jagger/Richard) – 3:28
"Interview: Alan Aldridge" – 0:46
Chris Farlowe – "Paint It, Black (Instrumental Reprise)" (Jagger/Richard) – 0:13
"David Hockney" interview – 0:09
The Small Faces – "Here Comes the Nice" (Marriott/Lane) – 3:00
"Lee Marvin" interview – 0:46
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive" (Reprise 2) (Barrett) – 0:54
Allen Ginsberg – "Tonite Let's All Make Love in London" (Ginsberg) – 1:09
Pink Floyd – "Nick's Boogie" (Mason) – 11:50
Tonite Let's All Make Love in London (1991) (Immediate Sound)
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive" (Barrett/Mason/Waters/Wright) – 3:09
Michael Caine Interview – 0:09
Marquess of Kensington – "Changing of the Guard" (Leander/Mills) – 2:53
Twice as Much – "Night Time Girl" (Skinner/Rose) – 2:41
"Dolly Bird" Interview – 0:52
Chris Farlowe – "Out of Time" (Jagger/Richard) – 3:05
Edna O'Brien Interview – 2:23
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive" (Reprise) (Barrett) – 0:34
Andrew Loog Oldham Interview – 0:22
Vashti Bunyan – "Winter Is Blue" (Bunyan/Skinner) – 1:28
Andrew Loog Oldham Interview – 1:22
Vashti Bunyan – "Winter Is Blue" (Bunyan/Skinner) – 1:24
Eric Burdon and The Animals – "When I Was Young" (Briggs/Burdon/Jenkins/McQuilock/Weider) – 2:58
Mick Jagger Interview – 3:15
Julie Christie Interview – 0:46
Michael Caine Interview – 1:30
Chris Farlowe – "Paint It, Black" (Jagger/Richard) – 3:29
Alan Aldridge Interview – 0:46
Chris Farlowe – "Paint It, Black" (Instrumental Reprise) (Jagger/Richard) – 0:13
David Hockney Interview – 0:09
Small Faces – "Here Comes the Nice" (Marriott/Lane) – 3:01
Lee Marvin Interview – 0:45
Pink Floyd – "Interstellar Overdrive (Reprise)" (Barrett) – 0:55
Allen Ginsberg – "Tonite Let's All Make Love in London" (Ginsberg) – 1:08
References
External links
1967 films
Albums produced by Joe Boyd
Concert films
Films set in London
Pink Floyd soundtracks
In enzymology, a maleylpyruvate isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
3-maleylpyruvate 3-fumarylpyruvate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 3-maleylpyruvate, and one product, 3-fumarylpyruvate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically cis-trans isomerases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-maleylpyruvate cis-trans-isomerase. This enzyme participates in tyrosine metabolism.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, two structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes and .
References
EC 5.2.1
Enzymes of known structure
The 1890 Greensburg Athletic Association season was their first season in existence. The team's record for this season is largely unknown.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
Bijon Sarkar () (11 April 1935 – 29 November 2012) was a Bangladeshi photographer.
Life and work
He was born on 11 April 1935, in Gaibandha, Bangladesh, the son of Gouranath Sarkar. Bijon Sarkar left home for Dhaka after his parents died and his ancestral land was lost in river erosion. Bijon had his first lessons in photography from his elder brother Tarapodo Sarkar, who was a self-taught sculptor but pursued photography at leisure. His first professional training in photography was while he participated in the workshop conducted by photographer Manzoor Alam Beg in 1961. Sarkar's career in photography took off after his appointment at the Pakistan's Geological Survey in 1962. Seven years later, he joined Pakistan Television as a cameraman. The television authority sacked him after the War of Independence began in 1971, forcing Sarkar to take refuge in India. He later joined Bangladesh Parjatan Corporation as its Chief Photographer in 1972 and retired from there in 1995. A founding member of the Bangladesh Photographic Society (BPS), he became its president in the 1990s. He was also one of the founding members of the Bangladesh Film Society. Bijon believed photography had every potential to become a form of art like painting. And his first photography exhibition exhibited his belief very well. Bijon Sarker died on 29 December 2012. He sustained head injuries in a road accident on the night of 21 November 2012. He was in a coma and never regained consciousness.
Photography career
Sarker took his first photography lessons from his elder brother Tarapodo Sarker, who was a self-taught sculptor. Sarker then participated in the workshop conducted by the photographer Golam Kashem Daddy. In 1962 Sarkar was appointed to the Pakistan's Geological Survey as a photographer. After liberation Bijon Sarkar joined Bangladesh Parjatan Corporation as a Chief Photographer in 1972. In 1995 he retired from Parjatan Corporation and became the founding member of the Bangladesh Photographic Society (BPS). He became its president in the 1990s.
Photogram
He experimented in the darkroom and created some remarkable artworks, known as photograms, doing photography without a camera. He believed photography had every potential to become a form of art like painting. He put up an exhibition of photographs at Rawalpindi in 1970, his last solo photo exhibition. The nature and life of rural Bengal was always his favorite subject.
Cinematography career
In 1969 Sarkar joined Pakistan Television as a cinematographer; he also worked as Assistant Cinematographer in the film Nodi o Nari. He was one of the founding members of the Bangladesh Film Society.
Awards
1st Prize in the Second ACCU contest in 1977
Commonwealth Award in 1978
Honourable mentions in the first and second CPE in Canada and Cyprus in 1978 and 1980 respectively
ACCU in 1996
'Grameen Bangladesh', a poster that won the Bangladesh Parjatan Corporation 'PAT Gold Award', was a photograph taken by Bijon Sarkar
Exhibitions
Solo exhibition at Dhaka in 1967
Solo exhibition at Islamabad in 1970
Lifetime achievement
Bijon Sarkar remains one of the unsung heroes of the Bangladesh photographic movement. With a penchant for experimentation, Sarkar's photograms of the sixties were remarkable not only for the nature of the work, but because it happened in Pakistan, in complete isolation. Experimentation remained his passion even into the digital age, where he took abstract motifs from found objects to digitally synthesise human and other conventional forms. Bijon Sarkar received the Chobi Mela International Photography Festival VII lifetime achievement award in 2013.
Death
On 29 December 2012, Bijon Sarkar died. He sustained head injuries in a road accident on the night of 21 November 2012. He had been undergoing treatment at the intensive care unit (ICU) of City Hospital in Dhaka. He had received injuries in his head, and bled profusely. He was in a coma and never regained consciousness.
Interviews
ফটোগ্রাফি উইদাউট ক্যামেরা! কামরা খন্ড-১
See also
List of Bangladeshi photographers
References
External links
Drik Image
BDnews
Ittefaq
Facebook
Bangladeshi photographers
Bangladeshi artists
1935 births
2012 deaths
Peter Walker Latham (1865–1953) was a British racquet and real tennis player.
Latham held the Rackets World Championships title from 1887 to 1902. He was also the world champion of real tennis from 1895 to 1905, and again from 1907 to 1908.
See also
Real tennis world champions
Rackets World Championships
References
English racquets players
English real tennis players
1865 births
1953 deaths
World rackets champion
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 2, 1982. All of the state's executive officers—the Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor, Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election. Democratic Governor Edgar Herschler won a landslide victory on his way to a record third term in office and Democrat Lynn Simons, first elected in 1978 as Superintendent of Public Instruction, won a sizable re-election as well. Republicans held the other statewide offices.
Governor
Incumbent Democratic Governor Edgar Herschler ran for re-election to a third term. He faced former State House Speaker Warren A. Morton in the general election, and defeated him in a landslide to win a third term, the first governor of the state to do so.
Secretary of State
Incumbent Republican Secretary of State Thyra Thomson ran for re-election to a sixth term. Unopposed in the Republican primary, she faced rancher Leslie Peterson, the Democratic nominee, in the general election. Peterson ran a stronger campaign than any of Thomson's past opponents, and though Thomson ultimately won re-election, she did so by her slimmest margin.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Leslie Peterson, Jackson rancher
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Thyra Thomson, incumbent Secretary of State
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Republican State Auditor Jim Griffith ran for re-election to a third term. He won the Republican primary unopposed and was initially set to face no opposition in the general election, as no Democratic candidate filed to oppose him. However, Sid Kornegay, a Democrat who ran for Congress in 1980, announced on the day of the primary that he would seek the Democratic Party's nomination as a write-in candidate. After Kornegay received 11 write-in votes in the Democratic primary, he was offered the nomination, which he accepted. Griffith, who was not seen as vulnerable by the Democratic Party, ended up defeating Kornegay in a landslide, winning 74% of the vote to Kornegay's 26%.
Democratic primary
No Democratic candidates filed for State Auditor. However, Kornegay, a Democratic candidate for Congress in 1980 received 11 write-in votes and was offered the nomination, which he accepted.
Republican primary
Candidates
Jim Griffith, incumbent State Auditor
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican State Treasurer Shirley Wittler was unable to seek re-election to a second term due to term limits. Craig L. Thomas, who unsuccessfully ran in the 1978 Republican primary, announced that he would run again, and received Wittler's endorsement. He faced former State Representative Stan Smith in the primary, and Smith narrowly defeated him—and by an even narrower margin than Wittler did four years earlier. In the general election, Smith was opposed by Carbon County Treasurer C. R. "Dick" Engstrom. Though Engstrom improved on Democrats' performance from 1978, he still lost to Smith by a sizable margin.
Democratic primary
Candidates
C. R. "Dick" Engstrom, Carbon County Treasurer
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Stan Smith, former State Representative from Hot Springs
Craig L. Thomas, general manager of the Wyoming Rural Electric Association
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Democratic Superintendent of Public Instruction Lynn Simons ran for re-election to a second term. She was opposed in the general election by Republican nominee Gary Elliott, a former member of the Teton County School Board. Simons ultimately defeated Elliott by a significant margin.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Lynn Simons, incumbent Superintendent of Public Instruction
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Gary W. Elliott, former Teton County School Board member
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
The Hippodrome Theatre is a theater in Baltimore, Maryland.
History
Built in 1914 for impresarios Marion Scott Pearce and Scheck, the 2300-seat theater was the foremost vaudeville house in Baltimore, as well as a movie theater. When the movie palace opened, it was the largest theatre in the United States south of Philadelphia. The Hippodrome was designed by Thomas W. Lamb, one of the foremost theater architects of his time. Lamb gave the theater an unusually strong presence on Eutaw Street through the use of brick and terra cotta on a massive façade. The Hippodrome was renovated in 2004 for use as a performing arts theater, and is part of the France-Merrick Performing Arts Center.
The site had previously been occupied by the five story House Hotel, built in 1835 and destroyed by fire on May 25, 1912. The new theater had an original capacity of 3,000 seats and boasted a Moller organ, as well as a house orchestra that survived into the 1950s. The Loew's chain operated the Hippodrome from 1917 to 1924, then Keith-Albee-Orpheum assumed stewardship. In 1920 the average weekly attendance was 30,000. During the 1930s the Hippodrome featured such performers as Jack Benny, Milton Berle, Bob Hope, Martha Raye, Dinah Shore, Red Skelton, The Three Stooges, the Andrews Sisters, Morey Amsterdam, and Benny Goodman. Frank Sinatra first performed with Harry James at the Hippodrome. Live performances ceased in 1959, but movies remained strong through the 1960s. The Hippodrome finally closed in 1990 as the last movie theater in downtown Baltimore.
In the period before it was renovated, it served as a filming location in the 2000 John Waters film Cecil B. Demented. The theater served as a hideout for the SprocketHoles, a gang of terrorist filmmakers.
Renovations
The most recent renovation combined three contiguous existing buildings and a new structure: the Western National Bank Building (1887), the Eutaw Savings Bank Building (1888) and the Hippodrome into a major performing arts complex, designed by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates. The Maryland Stadium Authority led the renovation. Clear Channel Entertainment (now Live Nation) became the theatre operator after project completion. In 2008, Live Nation sold most of its theatrical assets, including the Hippodrome, to Key Brand Entertainment.
References
External links
, including photo in 1998, at Maryland Historical Trust
The France-Merrick Performing Arts Center
Hippodrome Theatre at Explore Baltimore Heritage
Theatres in Baltimore
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Theatres completed in 1914
Vaudeville theaters
Cinemas and movie theaters in Maryland
Beaux-Arts architecture in Maryland
Downtown Baltimore
Tourist attractions in Baltimore
Thomas W. Lamb buildings
The Consensus 2006 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
2006 Consensus All-America team
Individual All-America teams
AP Honorable Mention:
References
NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans
All-Americans
Josephine de la Viña (April 15, 1946 – November 4, 2011) was a discus thrower from the Philippines who is considered as her country's greatest athlete in the event. She won gold medals in her pet event at the 1966 Asian Games and 1973 Asian Athletics Championships. She also competed at the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics.
Personal life
Born in Iloilo to a Mexican-American father and a Cebuana mother, de la Viña spent her elementary and high school years in Cebu where she excelled in softball and athletics. She later earned a scholarship at Cebu Institute of Technology.
De la Viña was nicknamed "Big Jo" for her hefty six-foot frame and her trademark afro hairstyle, which made her an imposing presence on the field.
Career
Dela Viña eventually gave up softball and concentrated on throwing events in athletics like discus, javelin and shot put after being persuaded by school officials to develop her potential.
She was just 18 years old when she won a bronze medal in discus throw at the 1962 Asian Games, placing behind Japanese Keiko Murase and Seiko Obonai. Two years later, Dela Viña competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics where she placed 18th among 21 starters.
At the 1966 Asian Games, Dela Viña threw the discus at a distance of 47.58m to set a new Games record en route to winning the gold medal. She also competed in shot put where she placed fourth overall. At the 1968 Summer Olympics, the hefty Cebuana registered 46.56m to place 15th out of 16 entries. She was the only Asian competitor in the field.
Dela Viña was back at the 1970 Asian Games but failed to land a medal. Two years later, she made her third Olympic appearance at the 1972 Summer Olympics where she barely missed making the final round. The Filipina had the best effort of 53.92m to place 13th overall.
In the inaugural Asian Athletics Championships held in Marikina in 1973, Dela Viña threw the discus at a record distance 50.74m to comfortably win the gold medal. By doing so, she became the first Filipino athlete to win a gold medal in both the Asian Games and Asian Athletics Championships - a feat matched only by sprinter Lydia De Vega.
She withdrew from the 1974 Asian Games to visit her father, who suddenly fell ill in the United States.
Death
Dela Viña passed away on November 4, 2011 in Iloilo at the age of 65. The cause of her death was not known.
Legacy
Dela Viña's personal best throw of 54.71m, which she set during the 1971 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in Bakersfield, remains a national record to this day. She also holds the second-best mark of 53.92m, which she achieved during the qualification round of the 1972 Summer Olympics. She is the only Filipina discus thrower in history to breach the 50m mark and her record is expected to last for many more decades. Dela Viña also held the national shot put record from 1970 to 1975.
In 2018, Dela Viña was posthumously inducted into the Philippine Sports Hall of Fame.
Notes
References
External links
Filipino female discus throwers
Sportspeople from Iloilo
Athletes (track and field) at the 1962 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 Asian Games
1946 births
2011 deaths
Medalists at the 1962 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Asian Games bronze medalists for the Philippines
Olympic track and field athletes of the Philippines
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Philippine Sports Hall of Fame inductees
Triethylammonium acetate is a volatile buffering agent, which, when diluted in water, maintains pH at about 7.
References
Ammonium compounds
Acetates
Lake Ōkataina (also spelled Okataina; or ) is the northernmost and largest of four smaller lakes lying between Lake Rotorua and Lake Tarawera in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island. The others are Lake Rotokakahi (Green Lake), Lake Tikitapu (Blue Lake), and Lake Ōkareka. All lie within the Ōkataina caldera, along its western edge.
Unlike many other lakes in the region, Lake Ōkataina is completely encircled by native forest. It also has no inlets or outlets. Perhaps as a result, over the past 30 years, the level of the lake has risen and fallen in a range of about 5 metres.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "place of laughter" for Ōkataina.
The lake can be accessed by road via Hinehopu on the southern shores of Lake Rotoiti. At the end of the road there is a large sandy beach, a massive grassed area and the privately owned Okataina Lodge. Due to changes in the surface level of the lake, the lodge jetty has at times been either completely submerged or left high and dry.
The area around the lodge is heavily populated by tammar wallabies introduced from Australia in the 19th century.
References
External links
Lake Okataina
Okataina Volcanic Centre
Lakes of the Bay of Plenty Region
VEI-6 volcanoes
Volcanic crater lakes
Taupō Volcanic Zone
The Diocese of Rockhampton (also known as Anglican Church Central Queensland) is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia, founded in 1892. It is situated in the central part of the state of Queensland, Australia. It is part of the Province of Queensland. The cathedral church of the diocese is St Paul's Cathedral in Rockhampton.
On 18 July 2020, Peter Grice, the Dean of Geraldton since 2015 and vicar-general of the Anglican Diocese of North West Australia, was elected as the 13th Bishop of Rockhampton. He was installed in the position on 27 February 2021.
Structure
Rockhampton is one of 23 dioceses of the Anglican Church of Australia. The diocese covers an area of approximately 57 million hectares, roughly twice the size of New Zealand. The diocese contains nearly the whole central regions of Queensland. The population of the diocese is 216,000 of whom approximately 48,000 indicate that they are Anglicans. The diocese has 20 parishes and ministry districts, with the largest parish bigger than the State of Victoria. The cathedral church of the diocese is St Paul's Cathedral in Rockhampton.
On 18 July 2020, Peter Grice, the Dean of Geraldton since 2015 and vicar-general of the Anglican Diocese of North West Australia, was elected as the 13th Bishop of Rockhampton. He was installed in the position on 27 February 2021.
History
The diocese was erected in 1892 from the Diocese of Brisbane; its first bishop was Bishop Nathaniel Dawes. The diocese celebrated its centenary in 1992.
Region
The diocese reaches across central Queensland, between the Diocese of Brisbane to the south and the Diocese of North Queensland to the north. It stretches from the east coast of Australia to the Northern Territory border, with its northern border being a straight line just north of the town of Moranbah and its southern region including the localities of Boyne Island, Biloela, Moura, Tambo and Blackall. Named after its main city of Rockhampton the diocese also includes the cities and towns of Gladstone, Yeppoon, Gracemere, Mt Morgan, Middlemount, Dysart, Blackwater, Springsure, Emerald, Clermont, Barcaldine, Longreach, Winton, Bedourie and Boulia.
Bishops of Rockhampton
Ministries
Chaplaincies: hospital, correctional centre, police, Mission to Seafarers
Aboriginal and Islander Anglican Ministry: Woorabinda, Murri Wodja
Anglican Regional Ministry
References
External links
Rockhampton
Anglican bishops of Rockhampton
1892 establishments in Australia
Christianity in Queensland
Anglican Church of Australia Ecclesiastical Province of Queensland
Chaalis Abbey () was a French Cistercian abbey north of Paris, at Fontaine-Chaalis, near Ermenonville, now in Oise.
History
It was founded in 1136 by Louis VI of France. There had previously been a Benedictine monastery in the same place. Most of the buildings fell into ruins thanks to mismanagement on the part of the commendatory abbots. Among the ruins, a chapel with important frescos by Primaticcio survives intact.
For Louis, Count of Clermont and commendatory abbot of Chaalis, the architect Jean Aubert created plans for the reconstruction of the abbey in 1736. Begun in 1739 and intended as a large quadrangle, only the entrance wing with the abbot's residence was completed. Further work was halted in 1745 due to lack of funds and never resumed.
The monastery was sold and demolished during the French Revolution.
Museum
The former abbey is now the location of an art museum, the Musée Jacquemart-André. Like the museum of the same name in Paris it houses a part of the former collection of artworks of Nélie Jacquemart-André. At her death in 1912 she gave it to the Institut de France and asked that a museum should be created in Chaalis, where she had spent her childhood.
The museum continues to display this very rich collection which features paintings by Giotto, Cima da Conegliano, Luca Signorelli, Francesco Francia, Lorenzo di Credi, Joos van Cleve, Tintoretto, Palma the Younger, Jan Davidsz de Heem, Philippe de Champaigne, Charles Le Brun, Nicolas de Largillière, François Desportes, François Boucher, Rosalba Carriera, Giovanni Paolo Pannini and Jean-Baptiste Greuze; sculptures by Baccio Bandinelli, François Girardon, Jean-Antoine Houdon, Augustin Pajou, Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne and Edme-François-Étienne Gois; furniture and decorative art; and a collection of Indian items.
Notes
Bibliography
Kimball, Fiske (1943). The Creation of the Rococo. Philadelphia Museum of Art. Dover 1980 reprint: .
Neuman, Robert (1996). Aubert, Jean, vol. 2, p. 701, in The Dictionary of Art, 34 volumes, edited by Jane Turner. New York: Grove. .
Cistercian monasteries in France
Benedictine monasteries in France
1136 establishments in Europe
1130s establishments in France
Religious organizations established in the 1130s
Monasteries in Oise
Gardens in Oise
Christian monasteries established in the 12th century
Chaalis
Ruins in Hauts-de-France
Museums in Oise
Karl Widmark (June 16, 1911 – October 14, 1995) was a Swedish sprint canoeist competing for Västerås canoeing club in the late 1930s. He won two gold medals at the 1938 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Vaxholm, earning them in the K-1 1000 m and K-1 10000 m events.
References
Västerås Kanotförening
Swedish male canoeists
1911 births
1995 deaths
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in kayak
Now Look Here is a BBC situation comedy which ran for two series of seven episodes each during 1971 to 1973. It was written by Barry Cryer and Graham Chapman.
It starred Ronnie Corbett, who played a character of the same name. He was cast in a similar role to his character in the later, longer-running and better-known situation comedy, Sorry!, as an overgrown mother's boy who was trying to break away from his mother (played by Madge Ryan) but having some difficulty doing so. However, it differs from the later series in that he does leave home after a few episodes, although his new home is only a few doors away, his father is deceased and he does not have any siblings. In the second series, he was married, his wife being played by Rosemary Leach. His boss was played by Donald Hewlett.
All episodes still exist, although one of these survived in the American NTSC standard, from which it has been converted.
See also
The Prince of Denmark – 1974 sequel with Corbett and Leach.
References
External links
BBC television sitcoms
1971 British television series debuts
1973 British television series endings
1970s British sitcoms
Cornerstone Festival was a Christian music festival put on by Jesus People USA and held annually around July 4 near Bushnell, Illinois, drawing some 20,000 attendees each year. In a given year, many artists that played at Cornerstone also played at other events such as Creation Festival and mainstream festivals and tours such as the Warped Tour. The final festival was held in 2012.
Cornerstone Festival was a member of the Christian Festival Association.
History
From 1984 to 1990, Cornerstone was held at the Lake County Fairgrounds near Grayslake, Illinois. In 1991, Cornerstone moved near the town of Bushnell (outside Macomb) where the organizers of the festival purchased a large piece of land, which is now called "Cornerstone Farm".
Tens of thousands of people attended Cornerstone Farm each year and saw over 300 bands play many styles of music, including rock, metal, punk, hardcore and pop music. In addition to the many musicians, Cornerstone Festival also presented guest speakers, and featured independent/foreign film screenings, writers' seminars, and art workshops.
In 2010 the festival's main stage moved to the "Midway", which is about 0.7 miles northeast of its previous location in the "bowl".
The 2011 festival featured a Jesus Rally showcasing many of the groundbreaking Jesus music artists including; Servant, Daniel Amos, Randy Stonehill, Barry McGuire, Resurrection Band, Phil Keaggy, and Classic Petra.
On May 15, 2012 it was announced that the 2012 Festival would be the last. The final song performed at Cornerstone, on July 7, 2012, was "To Bid Farewell" performed by Derri Daugherty and Steve Hindalong of The Choir.
Books
Young, Shawn David, "Hippies, Jesus Freaks, and Music" (Ann Arbor: Xanedu/Copley Original Works, 2005).
References
External links
Grayslake, Illinois
Tourist attractions in McDonough County, Illinois
Music festivals in Illinois
1984 establishments in Illinois
2012 disestablishments in Illinois
Christian music festivals
Defunct music festivals
Music festivals established in 1984
Recurring events disestablished in 2012
WitchSpring3 Re:Fine – The Story of Eirudy is a role-playing video game developed and published by G Choice. It is an enhanced version of WitchSpring3, which was released for iOS on October 27, 2017, with upgraded graphics and voice acting. WitchSpring3 Re:Fine was released for Nintendo Switch on August 13, 2021, where it was published by ININ Games, and for Windows on November 1, 2021. The player controls Eirudy, a "Marionette Witch" living in Misty Forest who has the special power to bring puppets to life, albeit at the cost of stealing the life-force of living creatures. When she meets Adrian, a young nobleman whose mother is in a coma, they team up to search for a way to wake her up.
Reception
The game received an aggregate score of 58/100 on Metacritic for its Switch version, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Jenni Lada of Siliconera rated the Switch version 6/10 points. While praising the story as interesting and noting the high quality of the game's artwork, she faulted the game's localization for being awkward and having errors. She also called the difficulty too tedious and easy if the player grinded. Stating that it felt too much like a mobile game, she said that, despite the addition of voice acting and new events, people would be better off getting the iOS version due to its far lower price.
Shaun Musgrave of TouchArcade rated the game 3/5 points, calling the price "ridiculous" and saying that it did not compare favorably to the Atelier series for the same price. While stating that the game was "charming enough", he also described it as "completely average".
Sam Wachter of RPGamer rated the Switch version 2/5 points, praising the game's music and "lovely" artwork, but also calling the game itself "boring" and "hollow". He criticized the combat as "clunky" and not optimized for the Switch, saying that large enemies created "massive lag". He also criticized the story as overly rushed, and the localization as poorly done, saying that in the hands of a talented localizer, the story would have more personality.
References
2021 video games
Fantasy video games
Japanese role-playing video games
IOS games
Nintendo Switch games
Windows games
Video games about witchcraft
Video games developed in South Korea
Video games featuring female protagonists
A sunset industry is an industry in decline, one that has passed its peak or boom periods. As one example, analogue recording technologies for audio or video have been supplanted by digital equivalents; although analogue equipment is still offered, sales have declined dramatically and are not expected to recover, so this segment of the market has been branded a 'sunset industry'. Many countries try to protect domestic sunset industries as they still provide important employment. They use protectionist policies to slow down the decline whilst sunrise industries develop.
See also
Sunrise industry
Primary sector of the economy
Secondary sector of the economy
References
Extraterritorial income exclusion, under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, was the amount excluded from a taxpayer's gross income for certain transactions that generate foreign trading gross receipts. In general, foreign trading gross receipts include gross receipts from the sale, exchange, lease, rental, or other disposition of qualifying foreign trade property. Foreign trading gross receipts also include receipts from certain services provided in connection with such property, as well as engineering and architectural services for construction projects outside the United States.
Extraterritorial income is the gross income of the taxpayer attributable to foreign trading gross receipts. The taxpayer reported all of its extraterritorial income on its tax return. The taxpayer used Form 8873 to calculate its exclusion from income that is qualifying foreign trade income.
It was abolished when in late 2004, US President George W Bush signed the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 which phased out the extraterritorial income (ETI) exclusion in favor of broader tax relief. ETI deduction benefits are not available for transactions entered into after 2006.
Qualifying foreign trade property
Qualifying foreign trade property generally includes property that is held primarily for sale or lease for direct use or consumption outside the United States. Form 8873 is attached to the taxpayers income tax return. Both corporate and non-corporate taxpayers who have qualifying transactions may now be required to file Form 8873. The exclusion reported on Form 8873 was created by the Foreign Sales Corporation (FSC) Repeal and Extraterritorial Income Exclusion Act of 2000. The new exclusion applies to certain transactions entered into after September 30, 2000, but is subject to transition rules for foreign corporations with a valid FSC election in effect on September 30, 2000.
Extra-Territorial Income Exclusion Act
The FSC Repeal and Extraterritorial Income Exclusion Act of 2000 effectively 'repatriated' the FSC tax break and extended it to all types of entities with qualifying foreign sales, including S corporations and Limited liability companies previously excluded. Foreign companies that are U.S. taxpayers could also use the tax break, which was not the case previously. There are rules requiring a certain proportion of U.S.-manufactured content and a certain proportion of foreign costs. Foreign tax credits on the goods concerned are not available to a participating entity. Actual manufacture can take place either inside or outside the United States.
As under the previous law, the benefit applied to exports and a 50% U.S.-content rule remained. Those features caused the new regime to continue to resemble an export tax subsidy. In response, the Administration pointed to the elimination of administrative transfer pricing rules. However, the separate company requirement of the FSC and DISC legislation had been eliminated. Without the need for two companies – a manufacturing company and a sales company – no need existed for transfer pricing rules.
Dispute with European Union
The European Union (EU) did not accept the new legislation as conforming with WTO rules. After a long series of hearings and appeals, the WTO ruled definitively against the ETI rules in late 2002. The EU then prepared a list of U.S. products on which the EU intended to apply sanctions in the form of countervailing duties. The EU obtained the WTO's permission for such action, which the EU put into effect in early 2004 in the absence of a substantial change in the ETI regime. The phase-out/repeal of the ETI deduction described above is considered to be the response to this threat.
See also
Foreign Sales Corporation
Domestic international sales corporation
List of international trade topics
References
Taxation in the United States
Foreign trade of the United States
Rappahannock High School (RHS) is a secondary school serving pupils in grades 8–12 of the Richmond County Public Schools in Warsaw, Virginia, on the Northern Neck peninsula.
Facilities
In 2013, the Richmond County Public Schools district planned to eliminate the district's intermediate school by combining grades six and seven with the elementary school, and grades 8–12 in the high school. A new facility was constructed for grades eleven and twelve, while the existing high school building accommodated grades eight through ten. The new construction was described in 2015 as a "90,000 square foot addition to Rappahannock High School". The addition included larger classrooms, a 600 seat auditorium, and a new gymnasium.
The auditorium has been named in honor of Richmond County's retiring superintendent, "Dr. James G. Smith Auditorium".
Academics
In 2013 Virginia public schools had higher than national average SAT scores in critical reading, mathematics, and writing, but schools in the Northern Neck all had scores lower than both the state and national average scores. Rappahannock High School had the closest to average scores, and the highest scores in the Northern Neck.
Niche reported in 2022 that 85% of Rappahannock High School students scored as proficient on state tests in math, 82% are proficient in reading, and 19% of RHS student enroll in Advanced Placement courses.
U.S. News & World Report awarded RHS silver medals for its state rankings of 38th in 2014 and 39th in 2015. Factors considered in the rankings included reading and math proficiency on state Standards of Learning tests, college readiness and student/teacher ratios. RHS student proficiency in 2014 averaged 99% in reading and 74% in math, both higher than the Virginia average; 28% of seniors took Advanced Placement exams, with 22% of seniors passing.
Co-curricular activities
Rappahannock's Leadership class was selected in 2015 to participate in Aéropostale's contest, "Teens for Jeans", to support giving used jeans to local homeless shelters. The class arranged for free admission to a basketball game to everyone who donated a pair of jeans, and they also arranged for a Spirit Week competition that had each class donate jeans for homemade baked goods and for points toward the "Spirit Stick" competition.
In 2015, Rappahannock High School team finished in second place in the Conference 43 Scholastic Bowl Tournament, behind Rappahannock County High School (RHCS) for the second consecutive year. Both RHS and RHCS advanced to the Region 1A tournament.
In a 2017 mock Shark Tank, students from an entrepreneur class, "StartUP Raider's Program" answered judges' questions about their business proposals, pitching their ideas for funding. The winning proposal was for "Safe Ride (SR)", the only not-for-profit. Students were judged on "appearance, clarity, business soundness, and visual presentation".
Old Dominion University's Tim Seibles, poet laureate of Virginia spoke in 2018 at Rappahannock High School, to students, parents, and community members, about his poetry, poetry from the Harlem Renaissance, and Black History Month.
In 2019 the honor society Beta Club participated in "27 service projects... including packing 32,000 meals for Haiti, tutoring students at Richmond County Elementary Middle School, ringing the Salvation Army Bells, helping with the Healthy Running series, volunteering in Warsaw's Santa Land, and staffing the rides at WarsawFest".
Athletics
In 2022, athletes in three RHS sports won regional championships, in soccer, baseball, and softball. The Raiders soccer team won their third Region 1A title in a row and their fourth in five seasons. The baseball team beat rival Lancaster in the final game to secure the title. In softball, the 2022 Lady Raiders beat the Chincoteague Lady Ponies team in eight innings to become regional champs.
The RHS Lady Raiders had previously won the state championship in 2014.
Notable alumni
Cal Bowdler - Irish American basketball player
References
External links
U.S. News & World Report 2022 rankings: Rappahannock High School
Public high schools in Virginia
Richmond County, Virginia
Lookin' at Monk! is an album by saxophonists Johnny Griffin and Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis featuring compositions associated with Thelonious Monk recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Rick Anderson stated: "this was only the second all-Monk program anyone had recorded and several of these numbers had yet to attain standard status. The playing is uniformly inventive and witty (both required attributes when approaching this repertoire), and Mance is particularly to be commended for maintaining a graceful and elegant attack and not trying to praise Monk by imitation".
Track listing
All compositions by Thelonious Monk, except as indicated.
"In Walked Bud" - 4:34
"Well, You Needn't" - 5:31
"Ruby, My Dear" - 4:39
"Rhythm-A-Ning" - 3:53
"Epistrophy" (Kenny Clarke, Monk) - 8:36
"'Round Midnight" - 5:25
"Stickball (I Mean You)" (Coleman Hawkins, Monk) - 5:52
Personnel
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Johnny Griffin - tenor saxophone
Junior Mance - piano
Larry Gales - bass
Ben Riley - drums
References
1961 albums
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis albums
Johnny Griffin albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
Jazzland Records (1960) albums
Thelonious Monk tribute albums
Misclassification of employees as independent contractors is the way in which the United States classifies the problem of false self-employment. It can occur with respect to tax treatment or the Fair Labor Standards Act.
The U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) reports that the IRS claims to lose millions of dollars in uncollected payroll, social security, Medicare and unemployment insurance taxes because of misclassification of independent contractors by taxpayers.
Taxation
Employers must report the incomes of employees and independent contractors using the IRS forms W-2 and 1099, respectively. Employers pay various taxes (i.e. Social Security and Medicare taxes, unemployment taxes, etc.) on the wages of a worker that is classified as an employee. These taxes are generally not paid by the employer on the compensation of a worker classified as an independent contractor. Instead, the contractor is responsible for their employer's share of the taxes when paying self-employment taxes at the end of the year.
Classification affects whether a worker can receive unemployment benefits. In many states, independent contractors are not eligible for unemployment benefits because nothing has been paid into the unemployment insurance fund on their behalf. Employers who have no employees are not required to make payments to the unemployment insurance fund (since there is no one to claim benefits).
Reclassification
IRS reclassification as an employee occurs where persons claimed as (or claiming to be) independent contractors are recategorized by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), or by state tax authorities, as W-2 employees. The reclassification can result in the imposition of substantial fines, penalties and back-taxes for which the employer is generally liable.
Employee vs. independent contractor
IRS regulations state that a worker is an employee if the employer can control what is to be done and how it is to be done. This was codified in revenue ruling 87–41, and is generally called "the twenty factor test". By contrast, if the worker controls the means and method of achieving the required results, leaving the employer with the right only to define the desired result, they are correctly classified as an independent contractor.
Employees and independent contractors have very different benefits. Employees are entitled to the protection of wage and hour laws and are protected from discrimination and retaliation by employers. Employees may be legally entitled to family medical leave and benefits such as medical insurance and pension plans. Employees are entitled to bargain collectively with their employers. Employees are entitled to workers' compensation for job-related injuries and employers must pay into social security, Medicare, and unemployment insurance for their employees. No benefits or employer tax payments are available to contractors, who must pay for their own benefits and unemployment taxes.
In the United States, a worker is by default recognized as an employee unless otherwise stated and specific criteria are met. It is not enough to only classify a worker as an "independent contractor" in their contract, they also need to actually be treated as an independent contractor.(source)
Service sector employees are more likely than others to be misclassified as independent contractors. Commonly misclassified positions include delivery and taxi drivers, nurses and home health aides, housekeepers and adult entertainment workers.
IRS Form SS-8 can be filed with the IRS to request that the agency determine the classification of a worker.
Fair Labor Standards Act
In July 2015, the U.S. Department of Labor issued new guidelines on worker classification. "A worker who is economically dependent on an employer is suffered or permitted to work by the employer. Thus, applying the economic realities test in view of the expansive definition of "employ" under the Act, most workers are employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act."
Examples of disputes
Several Uber drivers have claimed to be employees, despite their classification as independent contractors. Some of the drivers sued after California passed law aimed at requiring gig economy companies to classify workers as employees that took effect January 1, 2020. Likewise, many more workers in the gig economy are making similar claims. This goes for, for example, Amazon's "last mile" delivery drivers and FedEx's ground delivery drivers.
See also
California Assembly Bill 5 (2019)
False self-employment
IR35 (UK)
References
External links and resources
"IRS Offers Tips on How to Correct Reporting of Misclassified Employees", irs.gov, March 27, 2006
"Avoiding IRS reclassification of workers as employees.", Tracy A. Freeman, The Tax Adviser, February 1 1996
"FedEx Drivers Fight for ‘Employee' Status, Rights", Megan Tady, The NewStandard, July 18, 2006
"Sebelius Announces Campaign to Ensure Fairness for Kansas Workers and Businesses", infozine.com, July 11, 2006
"Waxman: Blackwater may have evaded millions in taxes", Justine Redman, CNN, October 23, 2007
"In the Sharing Economy, Workers Find Both Freedom and Uncertainty", Natasha Singer, New York Magazine, August 16, 2014
"I was 1099'd: Employer Liability for Independent Contractors in the Service Sector", Melinda Pilling, Rukin, Hyland, Doria & Tindall, October 8
https://scholar.google.com/scholar_case?case=12156401043773771981&q=abc+test+independent+contractor&hl=en&as_sdt=2006
United States labor law
Tax avoidance
Taxation in the United States
1945 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 39th water polo championship in Hungary. There were eight teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
1. NSC 14, 2. Tipográfia 11, 3. KaSE 10, 4. MTE 8, 5. Postás 6 point.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1945 in water polo
1945 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Steven Jack Land, Ph.D., (born September 23, 1946 in Jasper, Alabama) a renewal theologian within the Pentecostal movement, began serving as the president of the Church of God Theological Seminary, now Pentecostal Theological Seminary, in 2002. He is the first president of the institution to have been selected from the seminary faculty. He began teaching full-time in 1979 and is currently Distinguished Professor of Pentecostal Theology.
Land received the B. A. in psychology from Birmingham-Southern College in 1968, the M.Div. from Candler School of Theology, Emory University in 1973 and a Ph.D. in theological studies (systematic theology) from Emory in 1991.
Prior to his work in the realm of academics, he was engaged in urban missions (founder: Atlanta's Mission Possible, Inc., 1970) and his role as a civil rights community organizer (1964–1968).
In the seminary, Land pioneered the courses on the Theology of Holiness, the Theology of Wesley, Divine Healing, Pentecostal Foundations for Theological Study and Ministry, Apologetics, and Pentecostal Spirituality-Theology. He is a founding editor of the international Journal of Pentecostal Theology.
Land has served as both vice president and president of the Society for Pentecostal Studies. He has also been a member of the Wesleyan Theological Society, Karl Barth Society and the American Academy of Religion (Evangelical Theology/Wesleyan studies section). He has been a participant in formal theological dialogues with Roman Catholics (internationally), Jews and mainline Protestants (National Council of Churches USA). He is a Staley Foundation Distinguished Lecturer and a distinguished visiting lecturer in leadership at Regent University's Center for Leadership Studies and the School of Divinity's Ph.D. in renewal theology and history.
Land's published works include Pentecostal Spirituality: A Passion for the Kingdom, Living Faith (a text on Pentecostal doctrines with Rufus Hollis Gause), Great Themes of Scripture, DO-TELL:Youth Evangelism, Reclaiming Your Testimony (with R. Lamar Vest). Pentecostal Spirituality has been used extensively in Pentecostal and non-Pentecostal colleges, universities and seminaries to orient students to Pentecostal faith and life.
Source: https://web.archive.org/web/20100316175950/http://www.cogts.edu/
1946 births
Living people
Birmingham–Southern College alumni
Emory University alumni
People from Jasper, Alabama
Candler School of Theology alumni
Pentecostal theologians
Regent University faculty
Pentecostal writers
Pentecostals from Alabama
Pentecostals from Tennessee
Bratilë is a community in the Elbasan County, central Albania. At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Gramsh. The place is notable for a suggested power plant to be built on the river Devoll, which flows along the settlement.
References
Populated places in Gramsh, Elbasan
Villages in Elbasan County
John J. H. "Joe" Schwarz (born November 15, 1937), is an American physician and independent politician from Michigan, who was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 2004 as a moderate Republican. He represented Michigan's 7th congressional district from January 2005 to January 2007.
Early life and career
Schwarz was born and raised in Battle Creek, Michigan, after his family moved there in 1935 so his father could work as a physician in the Veterans Administration Hospital. He has two older siblings, Frank and Janet. He attended Fremont Elementary School, W.K. Kellogg Junior High School, and graduated from Battle Creek Central High School. He played on the baseball, swimming and football teams at B.C. Central. In 1959, he received a B.A. in History from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, where he played on the 1956 reserve football team as a center.
He returned, with his new family, to Battle Creek in 1974, and has been a practicing physician in Battle Creek since that time. He currently sees patients at the Family Health Center in Battle Creek, a federally qualified health center. He is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons. His first wife, Anne, died in 1990, and he is divorced from his second wife. He has one daughter from his first marriage.
Political career
In 2006, Schwarz voted against the Federal Marriage Amendment, which would have banned every state from legally recognizing same-sex marriage. Schwarz is considered to be a moderate Republican who supports abortion rights and favors embryonic stem cell research.
Post-congressional life
On the state level, Schwarz was appointed to Gov. Jennifer Granholm's Emergency Financial Advisory Panel, led by former Michigan governors Milliken (R) and Blanchard (D). On the national level, Schwarz was appointed by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates to serve on the independent panel to investigate the conditions at Walter Reed Army Hospital in suburban Washington, DC. Schwarz was reappointed to the Altarum Institute Board of Trustees, a position he held prior to his congressional service, in February 2007. Altarum Institute is a nonprofit health policy research institute based in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He also accepted a teaching position at the University of Michigan's Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy, which began in fall 2007.
In 2010, Schwarz considered running for governor of Michigan as an independent in that year's election. However, on June 2, 2010, he announced he would not run due to fundraising issues.
, Schwarz is a member of the Michigan State Medical Society's board of directors.
On June 16, 2014, Schwarz signed a brief in support of same-sex marriage.
Schwarz currently serves as a trustee for Olivet College. Schwarz also served as campaign chair for the college's previous capital campaign during 2007-2009 academic years for Olivet College.
Electoral history
2006 Race for the U.S. House of Representatives, 7th District
Tim Walberg (R), 50%
Sharon Renier (D), 46%
David Horn (UST), 1%
Robert Hutchinson (L), 2%
Joe Schwarz, 1% (Write-in candidate)
2006 Race for the U.S. House of Representatives, 7th District – Republican Primary
Tim Walberg (R), 53%
Joe Schwarz (R) (inc.), 47%
2004 Race for the U.S. House of Representatives, 7th District
Joe Schwarz (R), 58%
Sharon Renier (D), 36%
2004 Race for the U.S. House of Representatives, 7th District – Republican Primary
Joe Schwarz (R), 28%
Brad Smith (R), 22%
Tim Walberg (R), 18%
Clark Bisbee (R), 14%
Gene DeRossett (R), 11%
Paul DeWeese (R), 7%
2002 Race for Governor – Republican Primary
Dick Posthumus (R), 81%
Joe Schwarz (R), 19%
References
External links
Voting record maintained by the Washington Post
1937 births
20th-century American physicians
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
American otolaryngologists
Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy faculty
Living people
Mayors of places in Michigan
Michigan Independents
Michigan Wolverines football players
Michigan state senators
People from Battle Creek, Michigan
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Michigan
United States Navy Medical Corps officers
University of Michigan faculty
Faculty
Military personnel from Michigan
Fugitive dust is an environmental air quality term for very small particles suspended in the air, primarily mineral dust that is sourced from the soil of Earth's pedosphere. A significant volume of fugitive dust that is visible from a distance is known as a dust cloud, and a large dust cloud driven by a gust front is known as a dust storm.
Fugitive dust particles are mainly minerals common to soil, including silicon oxides, aluminium oxides, calcium carbonates and iron oxides. About half of fugitive dust particles are larger than 10 microns in diameter and settle more quickly than the smaller particles. It does not include particulate matter from other common artificial sources such as vehicle exhaust, burn piles or smokestacks. The term is used to denote that the dust "escapes" into the atmosphere rather than being exhausted in a "confined flow stream" from a "ducted emitter" (an exhaust pipe or chimney).
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimated that fugitive dust was responsible for 92% of the PM-10 emissions in the United States in 1995.
Sources
Fugitive dust results from dry conditions where there is insufficient moisture content in the ground to maintain adhesion and hold the soil together. Particulate matter (PM) then enters the atmosphere through the action of wind, vehicular movement, or other activities.
Areas with dryland or desert climates, especially when combined with high winds, have more severe problems of fugitive dust. Dry and disturbed surfaces can release wind-borne fugitive dust for many months before there is sufficient rainfall to coagulate the soil, this includes the dust Bulldust. Large-scale fugitive dust driven by gust fronts creates a dust storm.
Surfaces susceptible to fugitive dust emissions are both natural and man-made. Specific sources include open fields and parking lots, paved and unpaved roads, agricultural fields, construction sites, unenclosed storage piles, and material transfer systems.. Surface mining operations are also sources of fugitive dust as a result of many mining operations including haul roads, tailing piles, drilling, blasting, the removal of overburden and the actual mineral extraction.
In 1995, 28 percent of fugitive dust in the US originated from unpaved roads, 23 percent from construction sites, 19 percent agricultural, 15 percent from paved roads, 5 percent from wind erosion, 1 percent from mining according to the EPA.
Effects
The inhalation of PM by people introduces it into the lungs where it can cause respiratory illnesses, permanent lung damage, and in some individuals premature death. PM with diameters of ≤10 micrometers (PM10) can harm human health, with particles of ≤2.5 micrometers (PM2.5) being the worst.
As wind-borne dust can easily migrate, respiratory irritation can occur in construction and agricultural workers close to a source as well as others including wildlife. In addition to adverse health affects, the abrasive nature of particulate matter can cause property damage and obscure visibility leading to vehicular collisions causing injury and death.
Fugitive dust can also harm plant life. In 1999, the National Park Service found that lichen and other non-vascular plants in the Cape Krusenstern National Monument in Alaska were affected due to dust generated from hauling ore from the Red Dog mine along a road within the monument. A follow-up study in 2006 found slightly elevated levels of lead and cadmium concentrations in small birds and voles captured along the road.
A lawsuit in 2011 filed by 150 Waimea, Hawaii residents alleges that their homes were subjected, "on almost a daily basis", to blown "pesticide-laden fugitive dust". The residents claimed their homes sustained physical damage and they were forced to live with their windows closed year-round. They were seeking monetary damages from DuPont Pioneer to compensate for the reduced value of their homes and suggested future lawsuits would address health issues.
A 2017 lawsuit in Maryland claims that fugitive dust from a -high pile of coal dust at a coal processing plant has caused "extensive damage" through erosion to blades on wind turbines in a nearby wind farm.
Measurement
One of the first methods of measuring fugitive dust was developed in the 1970s and used isokinetic dust samplers. At least six samplers were needed downstream of a dust source. Exposure profiling was developed later and used in the 1980s and 1990s. Later improvements use time-resolved dust monitors to isolate short-term dust releases. New methods include Optical Remote Sensing which uses an open path laser transmissometer used with time-resolved dust monitors and other wind monitors.
Prevention
Various methods are employed to minimize fugitive dust. In agricultural settings, bare soil can be covered with crop residue or planted with cover crops between seasons. Dirt roads can be sprayed with water to contain dust, or stabilized with chemicals that form hard surface crusts, or paved with aggregate or a hard surface. In windy areas, wind barriers including fences or vegetation can reduce wind speed and trap larger particles already in the air. Irrigation can be used to keep soil moist between natural rainfalls.
Fugitive dust can be controlled by the application of various chemical suppressants including lignin sulfonates, petroleum resins, latexes, salts, plastics, and wetting agents.
Coal dust piles have been treated with water or other chemical surfactants to suppress dust until the moisture evaporates. Other chemicals can provide protection for up to six months. Wind fences of polyester fabric can also be used to slow wind movement and minimize fugitive dust.
Regulation
The US state of Arizona has an Agricultural Dust Program with compliance officers that inspect agricultural operations and investigate dust complaints. All farms in the state must take "reasonable precautions" to "minimize" the emission of fugitive dust. More stringent procedures must be followed in areas that don't meet Federal air quality standards.
The US Federal Environmental Protection Agency has specific standards for daily average particulate matter originating from active mines. Finer particulates have been detected up to from mining operations.
Other types
Dust emitted from processing equipment that may not contain typical soil components is also considered fugitive dust. In this context, fugitive dust is dust that has "escaped" during any mechanical process and entered the atmosphere. Fugitive dust emissions within a structure can not only cause respiratory problems but, when generated during the processing of combustible materials, can cause fire and blast damage if ignited.
Fugitive dust acquires an electrostatic charge when dispersed in the air. Spraying an oppositely charged water fog can be used to effectively control dust in an industrial setting. If so charged, less water is needed to cause the particulate matter to drop from the air. This method has been tested with many materials including silica flour, sulfur dioxide, and fly ash.
See also
Asian dust
Bull dust
Coal dust
Occupational dust exposure
References
Further reading
PM 10 and Fugitive Dust in the Southwest Ambient Impact, Sources and Remedies, US Environmental Protection Agency
Fugitive Dust Control Technology Issue 96 of Pollution technology review
Air pollution emissions
Environmental law in the United States
Dust
Darrah Dean Stone (September 1, 1930 – August 21, 2018) was an American professional baseball player, a pitcher who appeared in 166 games over all or parts of eight Major League Baseball seasons. The well-traveled, , left-hander played for the Washington Senators (1953–57), Boston Red Sox (1957), St. Louis Cardinals (1959), (1962), Chicago White Sox (1962) and Baltimore Orioles (1963). He also played one season in Japan for the Taiyo Whales (1964).
Born in Moline, Illinois, Stone graduated from United Township High School in East Moline, prior to entering baseball in 1949.
Stone was the winning pitcher of the 1954 All-Star Game without retiring a single batter. This took place at Cleveland Stadium on July 13. He entered the game with two out in the top of the 8th to face Duke Snider, with the American League behind, 9–8. Red Schoendienst, the baserunner on third, tried to steal home and Stone threw him out at the plate. The A.L. then scored three runs in the bottom of the 8th and won the game 11–9, as Virgil Trucks hurled a scoreless 9th inning to save it.
After having pitched two minor league no-hitters in 1952 and going 8–10 with a 3.33 ERA for the Double-A Chattanooga Lookouts of the Southern Association in 1953, he reached the big leagues. His first appearance was in relief against the Detroit Tigers on September 13, 1953. He would go on to pitch the majority of his games (60%) in relief at the major league level.
In 1954 won a career-high 12 games, lost 10, had an earned run average of 3.22, and it was his only season as an All-Star. In his other seven years, he had a combined record of 17–29 with a 4.91 ERA.
Stone was a member of the expansion Houston of 1962. He pitched a three-hit shutout against the Chicago Cubs in Houston's third game (April 12), then another shutout against the Cubs one week later, giving the Colts a 5–3 record. He was traded to the Chicago White Sox for pitcher Russ Kemmerer on June 22. The Baltimore Orioles acquired Stone during the off-season, and he made his last major league appearance on June 21, 1963.
Career totals include a record of 29–39 in 215 games pitched, 85 games started, 19 complete games, 5 shutouts, 52 games finished, 12 saves, and an ERA of 4.47. In 686 innings he struck out 380 and walked 373. He had a batting average in 170 at bats with one home run.
After baseball
Stone was the owner of a landscaping company in Silvis, Illinois.
Stone died on August 21, 2018 at the age of 87, in East Moline, Illinois.
References
1955 Baseball Register published by The Sporting News
External links
Baseball Almanac
Baseball Library
BR Bullpen
Retrosheet
Venezuelan Baseball League
1929 births
2018 deaths
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
American League All-Stars
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Illinois
Boston Red Sox players
Charleston Marlins players
Charlotte Hornets (baseball) players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Chicago White Sox players
Clinton Steers players
Erie Sailors players
Houston Colt .45s players
Indios de Oriente players
Industriales de Valencia players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
Omaha Cardinals players
Orlando Senators players
People from Moline, Illinois
Rochester Red Wings players
St. Louis Cardinals players
San Juan Marlins players
Taiyō Whales players
Washington Senators (1901–1960) players
Jeffrey Round is a Canadian writer, director, playwright, publisher, and songwriter, who has encouraged the development of LGBT literature, particularly in Canada. His published work includes literary fiction, plays, poetry and mystery novels.
Background
Jeffrey Round studied theatre, literature, psychology and music at Dalhousie University, obtaining a degree in English Literature. He also attended the Humber School for Writers, where he was mentored by writer DM Thomas, as well as Ryerson University's Film and Television program. In 1991, while working as an editor for Pink Triangle Press, he founded The Church-Wellesley Review, Canada's first annual print journal for LGBT creative writing, published as a supplement in Xtra! It later became both a reading series and an on-line quarterly, continuing until 2002. The review featured contributions from such notable writers as Jane Rule, Timothy Findley, Douglas LePan and Shyam Selvadurai, and introduced writers Dale Peck, Michael V Smith and Gordon Stewart Anderson among others.
From 1995 to 1998, Round directed Agatha Christie's long-running hit The Mousetrap during its twenty-seven record-breaking years at the Toronto Truck Theatre. In 1992 Round founded the multi-media theatre company Best Boys Productions with then-partner and gay activist John Davison. His first full-length stage play, Zebra, about the real-life murder of librarian Kenneth Zeller, won the Gay and Lesbian Appeal's "Right to Privacy Award" and was nominated for a Pink Trillium for Best Play. The pair produced five other stage works, including Dawn Rae Downton's Blessed and Round's The Michael Ridler Project (Is it art or still … life?), about out gay painter Michael Ridler.
In 2002, his short film My Heart Belongs to Daddy premiered at the Director's View Film Festival in Norwalk, Connecticut. It won awards for Best Canadian Director and Best Use of Music at the Hollywood North Movie Festival, and the Schweppes Prize at what would become the first annual Canadian Film Shorts festival. In 2005, Round was nominated for the KM Hunter Artists Award for Literature for "a body of work" that included fiction, poetry, drama, and literary criticism.
Round is the author of two mystery series featuring gay male protagonists. In 2007, Haworth published The P'Town Murders, the first Bradford Fairfax mystery. In 2012, Dundurn Press published the first Dan Sharp mystery, Lake On The Mountain, winner of the 2013 Lambda Literary Award for Best Gay Mystery.
In 2009, with Shane McConnell, Round began Proust & Company, a musical-literary evening at Glad Day Bookshop in Toronto to help raise awareness of the world's oldest existing LGBT bookstore. The event featured a cross-section of Canadian (mostly) LGBT writers and musicians, including poets Maureen Hines, RM Vaughan and Keith Garebian, novelists Elizabeth Ruth, John Miller, Storm Grant, Karen X Tulchinsky, and Zoe Whittall, essayist Michael Rowe, YA author Steven Bereznai, musicians Omel Masalunga, Geri Aniceto, Jamie Thompson and the Urban Flute Project, and others.
He served on the jury for the 2011 Dayne Ogilvie Prize, a literary award for emerging LGBT writers in Canada, selecting Farzana Doctor as that year's winner.
In 2015, with Michael Erickson of Glad Day Bookshop, Round co-founded and co-named the Naked Heart LGBT Festival of Words, which became Canada's most racially diverse literary event. He has also served as the Ontario Representative for The Writers' Union of Canada.
Round has also worked as a producer and writer for Alliance-Atlantis and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. As a songwriter he has composed for, and performed and recorded with, acclaimed Canadian soprano Lilac Caña.
In addition, he has written about and credited such diverse cultural figures as Glenn Gould, Janis Joplin, John Lennon, Sylvia Plath, James Dean, Joni Mitchell, Tennessee Williams, Vincent van Gogh, Oscar Wilde, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Anton Webern, Marcel Proust, Gabriel Fauré and William Shakespeare with the shaping of his creative vision.
A long-time resident of Toronto, he has also lived in London, England, and Milan, Italy.
Career as an author
Round's first novel, A Cage of Bones, was published by the Gay Men's Press in the UK. Based on Round's experiences as a fashion model in Italy and England, the book topped bestseller lists around the world. A comic mystery, The P-Town Murders, first in the Bradford Fairfax series, was published by Haworth Books in the US in 2007. Both titles were listed on AfterElton's Top 100 Greatest Gay Books in 2008.
In 2009, Cormorant Books released Death In Key West, the second Fairfax mystery. The Honey Locust, Round's literary novel about the Bosnian war, followed in the same year and was nominated for a ReLit Award for Literature.
In 2012, Dundurn Press published Lake on the Mountain, first in the Dan Sharp mystery series, which won the Lambda Literary Award for Best Gay Mystery in 2013. The series, which focuses on gay private investigator Dan Sharp, continued with Pumpkin Eater (2014), The Jade Butterfly (2015) and After the Horses (2015), the latter garnering Round his second Lambda nomination.
In 2014, Round's poetry collection, In the Museum of Leonardo da Vinci, was published by Tightrope Books. It too received a ReLit nomination, this time for poetry. The book is dedicated to his father, who died before its publication.
Also in 2014, Round published Vanished in Vallarta, the third Bradford Fairfax mystery, under his own publishing imprint, which in 2008 published the revised second edition of A Cage of Bones after retrieving the rights from GMP.
In 2016, Dundurn published Round's Endgame, a total rewriting and recreation of Agatha Christie's bestselling mystery And Then There Were None. It became one of Dundurn's bestselling US titles, bringing Round new accolades from such writers as Joan Barfoot, who, in her IFP review of June 15, 2016, called him one of Dame Agatha's "putative heirs."
In 2016, Round signed a three-book deal with Dundurn to continue his successful run of Dan Sharp mysteries. These include The God Game, Shadow Puppet and Collateral. There are numerous other projects in the works, including Bon Ton Roulez, the fourth volume in the Bradford Fairfax series.
Theatre work
In 1992, Round co-founded Best Boys Productions, an experimental theatre company, together with John Davison. The company was in operation for five years and produced, among other works, Round's Right to Privacy Award-winning play, Zebra, about the murder of Toronto librarian Kenneth Zeller in High Park in 1985. At the same time, Round was the stage director for Agatha Christie's The Mousetrap, Canada's longest-running stage production, at the Toronto Truck Theatre.
Film work
Round wrote and directed the short film My Heart Belongs to Daddy in 2003. He has also released two documentary films, BLOSSOM: A Portrait of Lilac Caña (2009) and Driving With Rusty (2010), a film about the late Rusty Ryan.
Bibliography
Novels
A Cage of Bones (GMP, 1997, )
The P'Town Murders: A Bradford Fairfax Murder Mystery (Haworth Press 2007, )
The P-Town Murders: A Bradford Fairfax Murder Mystery (Cormorant Books, 2008, )
Death in Key West: A Bradford Fairfax Murder Mystery (Cormorant Books, 2009, )
The Honey Locust (Cormorant Books, 2009, )
Lake on the Mountain: A Dan Sharp Mystery (Dundurn Press, 2012 )
Pumpkin Eater: A Dan Sharp Mystery (Dundurn Press, 2014 )
Vanished in Vallarta: A Bradford Fairfax Murder Mystery (Rounder Publications, 2014 )
The Jade Butterfly: A Dan Sharp Mystery (Dundurn Press, 2015 )
After the Horses: A Dan Sharp Mystery (Dundurn Press, 2015 )
Endgame (Dundurn Press, 2016 )
The God Game: A Dan Sharp Mystery (Dundurn Press, 2018 )
Poetry
for our mothers (The New Quarterly, Vol. X, no. 4, Winter 1991)
Turn (The Antigonish Review, No. 85-85, 1991)
time and the nature of being; vacation incident (Nexus, Vol. 5, no.1, Spring 1992)
new song/old rag and bone (Ammonite, Issue 5, March 1992)
Barque of Metaphor (The White Rose, Issue 24)
Wednesday Morning Launderette (LiNQ, Vol. 19, no. 2, 1992)
winter garden (Ariel, Vol. 24, No. 3, July 1993)
Aria (The Prairie Journal of Canadian Literature, Issue No. 20)
Autumn Lessons (The Prairie Journal of Canadian Literature, Issue No. 34)
Friends; Father (The New Quarterly, Vol. XVII, no. 3, Fall 1997)
Arrangements (Paperplates, Vol. 4 no. 1 Spring 2000 (web))
Burning, remembering – 6 Dec '91 ((EX)CITE Journal of Contemporary Writing, Premiere Issue, Spring 2001)
Small Furies (Canadian Literature, No. 182, Autumn 2004)
Six poems: Humpback, Dissolve, Flown, Beggar, midstream, Bloor Line, North Beach CA (Maple Tree Literary Supplement (Issue #2) edited by Amatoritsero Ede)
The One In The Mirror (for Trent Hurry) (Q Review, Dec 2010)
Rebel (On reviewing Nicholas Ray's Rebel Without a Cause) (I found It at the Movies: An Anthology of Film Poems, Coach House Books, Ruth Roach Pierson, editor, 2014)
In the Museum of Leonardo da Vinci (Tightrope Books, 2014)
Anthologies
"A Perfect Time to Be in Paris" in Bend Sinister (Peter Burton, ed. GMP-UK, 2002.)
"Queen for a Day" in Bent on Writing (Elizabeth Ruth, ed. Canadian Scholars Press, 2002)
"Isle of Women" in A Casualty of War: The Arcadia Book of Gay Short Stories (Peter Burton, ed. Arcadia Books, 2008)
"Don Juan and the Queen of the Gypsies" in Don Juan and Men (Caro Soles, ed. MLR Press, 2009)
"This Is Not Your Country" in Boy Crazy (Richard Labonté, ed. Cleis Press, 2009)
"Mouse" in Men of the Mean Streets (G. Herren/J.D. Redman, eds. Bold Strokes, 2011)
"Rebel (On reviewing Nicholas Ray's Rebel Without a Cause)" in I found It at the Movies: An Anthology of Film Poems (Ruth Roach Pierson, ed. Coach House Books, 2014)
"Speak My Language" in Speak My Language and Other Stories (Torsten Hojer, ed. Little Brown UK, 2015)
Filmography
My Heart Belongs to Daddy (2003)
BLOSSOM: A Portrait of Lilac Caña (2009)
Driving With Rusty (2010)
References
External links
Jeffrey Round
Canadian male novelists
Canadian mystery writers
Canadian gay writers
Writers from Toronto
Writers from Greater Sudbury
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Dalhousie University alumni
Lambda Literary Award winners
Canadian documentary filmmakers
LGBT film directors
20th-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
20th-century Canadian novelists
21st-century Canadian novelists
Canadian LGBT poets
Canadian LGBT novelists
21st-century Canadian poets
Canadian male screenwriters
20th-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian screenwriters
Canadian documentary film directors
Film directors from Ontario
Jennifer Elizabeth Anderson is a British diplomat who has been minister counsellor and deputy head of mission at the British embassy in Ankara since 2017.
Anderson was educated at the Australian National University. She was with the Australian Office of National Assessments at Canberra from 1993 to 1995, then Harkness Fellow at the Institute of War and Peace Studies, Columbia University. She entered the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) in 1997. She was with the Central European Department 1997–2000; Resident Clerk at the FCO 2000–2001; with the EU in Brussels 2001–2003; Deputy Head of the Security Policy Group at the FCO 2003–2005; and Business Change Manager at the Information and Technology Directorate at the FCO 2006–2009. She was High Commissioner to Botswana from 2010 until 2013 and head of the Counter-Terrorism Unit at the FCO 2014–2016.
References
1968 births
Living people
Australian National University alumni
High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Botswana
British women ambassadors
Dirk Baldinger (born 27 August 1971) is a German former professional racing cyclist, who now works as a directeur sportif for UCI Women's Continental Team . He rode in two editions of the Tour de France, two editions of the Giro d'Italia and two editions of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
German male cyclists
Sportspeople from Freiburg im Breisgau
Cyclists from Baden-Württemberg
Pray is the fifth studio album by Japanese Pop band Deen. It was released on 20 November 2002 under Berg label records. The album consists of only one previously released single, Birthday eve ~Dare yori mo Hayai Ai no Uta~ and its coupling song. Bonus track "Christmas Time" appeared only in limited first-press release, this song was originally released in conceptual single "Classics One: White Christmas time".
Since this album only three original members (without Naoki) continued their music activities.
The album reached #12 in its first week and charted for 4 weeks, selling 24,377 copies.
Track listing
In media
Birthday eve ~Dare yori mo Hayai Ai no Uta~ - insert song for Tokyo Broadcasting System Television program Saturday Night Chubaw!
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2002 albums
Deen (band) albums
Evan E. Eichler is an investigator at Howard Hughes Medical Institute studying human genome evolution, genome variation and their role in diseases. He is also a Professor of Genome Sciences at the University of Washington School of Medicine, Seattle.
Education
Eichler was educated at the University of Saskatchewan and Baylor College of Medicine where he was awarded his PhD in 1995 for work on the FMR1 gene.
Research
Eichler is considered one of the experts in genome instability studies, segmental duplication and structural variation.
Awards
Eichler is an elected Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Eichler received the 2008 Curt Stern Award from the American Society of Human Genetics.
He was a co-recipient of the 2010 Newcomb Cleveland Prize by the American Association for the Advancement of Science as one of the co-authors of the May 2010 paper in Science on draft sequencing of the Neanderthal genome.
Eichler is also a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
References
Living people
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Howard Hughes Medical Investigators
Human Genome Project scientists
American geneticists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
University of Washington faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Whitmer may refer to:
Whitmer Peninsula, a peninsula on the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica
Whitmer High School, in Toledo, Ohio, United States
Whitmer, West Virginia, a census-designated place in Randolph County, West Virginia, United States
People with the surname
B. J. Whitmer (born 1978), American professional wrestler
Christian Whitmer (1798–1835), son of Peter Whitmer, Sr. and Mary Musselman
Dan Whitmer (born 1955), professional baseball player and coach
David Whitmer (1805–1888), early adherent of the Latter Day Saint movement, Witness to the Book of Mormon's golden plates
Gretchen Whitmer (born 1971), Governor of Michigan
Jacob Whitmer (1800–1856), son of Peter Whitmer, Sr. and Mary Musselman
John Whitmer (1802–1878), early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement
Mary Mussleman Whitmer (1778–1856), Book of Mormon witness and the wife of Peter Whitmer, Sr.
Peter Whitmer Sr. (1773–1854), early member of the Latter Day Saint movement
Peter Whitmer Jr. (1809–1836), sone of Peter Whitmer, Sr. and Witnesses of the Book of Mormon
See also
Witmer (disambiguation)
Whitmore (disambiguation)
Wittmar, Lower Saxony, Germany
Wittmer, a surname
John Whitmer Historical Association (JWHA), a nonprofit organization promoting study of the LDS movement
Peter Whitmer log home, historic site located in Fayette, New York, United States
François Wenner (19 July 1889 – 1964) was a Belgian colonial administrator. He was commissioner / governor of Lusambo Province in the Belgian Congo from 1940 to 1944.
Early years
François Wenner was born on 19 July 1889 in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
He entered the Belgian army, leaving as a commandant in 1918.
He joined the colonial service on 4 July 1920.
Colonial service
Wenner left for the Congo in 1920 as a colonial administrator at Lebo, Bas-Uélé, and then in the Sankuru region.
He was appointed district commissioner, first class on 1 January 1929.
He was district commissioner of Sankuru District, with headquarters at Lusambo from September 1931 to January 1932.
On 11 September 1940 Wenner succeeded Constant Wauters as commissioner of Lusambo Province.
His position was renamed to governor in 1941.
He left office on 9 June 1944, and was succeeded by R.P. Preys.
In 1947 he was appointed governor of Équateur in place of Van Hoeck, the interim governor who had replaced Eugène J.F. Henry.
In 1950 he was replaced by Luc Breuls de Tiecken.
Last years, death and legacy
Wenner was made a member of the Royal Order of the Lion on 8 April 1947.
On 20 August 1949 he was promoted to commander of the order.
On 17 April 1957 F. Wenner, honorary provincial governor of the Belgian Congo, was among the guests at the inauguration of the Franco-Belgo-Luxembourgeoise tourism exposition.
Wenner died in 1964.
He had two children, a daughter Sanki (1921–2001) and a son Jean-Paul (1930–2001).
He made an important collection of African art, including the famous statue of Tulantshedy Matak, Kuba Regent, who lived in the 17th century.
He exhibited this statue at the Antwerp exhibition of 1937 with 16 other royal Kuba statues.
Notes
Sources
1889 births
1964 deaths
20th-century Luxembourgian people
Governors of Kasaï (former province)
Governors of provinces of the Belgian Congo
Belgian colonial administrators
Committee on Panchayati Raj Institutions of Punjab Legislative Assembly is constituted annually for a one year period from among the members of the Assembly. This Committee consists of thirteen members.
Overview
According to the Punjab Government Gazette, 2021 the functions of the committee are defined below.
Appointment
The speaker appoints the committee and its members every year for a one year term according to the powers conferred by Article 208 of the Constitution of India read with section 32 of the States Reorganisation Act, 1956 (37 of 1956), and in pursuance of Rules 232(1) and 2(b) of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Punjab Legislative Assembly.
Current members
For the one year period starting May 2022, the Committee on Panchayati Raj Institutions of 16th Punjab Assembly had the following members:
Chairpersons
Since 2021, Punjab Assembly 'Committee Local Bodies and Panchayati Raj Institutions' has been split into committees, namely 'Committee on Local Bodies' and 'Committee on Panchayati Raj Institutions'.
Previous members
15th Punjab Assembly
Following were the members in the 15th Punjab Assembly (2017-2022)
References
Committees of the Punjab Legislative Assembly
Sacred Cows, subtitled "The Songs That Helped Us," is an album featuring the rock band The Swirling Eddies, performing their own less-than-serious versions of popular CCM hits, released in 1996 on StarSong.
The basic plan for the record was to get the Eddies into a studio to record their own versions of some of the day's top CCM hits. The disc starts off with The Eddies version of the DeGarmo & Key song "God Good, Devil Bad," which finds Camarillo singing as if he's just received a severe blow to the head. Towards the end of the song, Camarillo adds his own touches to the lyrics including the lines "Knife Sharp, Spoon Dull" and "Sun Hot, Snow Cold."
Next up on the chopping block is Amy Grant's early 1990s hit "Baby Baby." The Eddies perform the song as if they are performing it during karaoke night at the local Ramada. Dc Talk's "I Luv Rap Music" sounds as though it is performed by a cheesy lounge act. In order to hit the girlishly high vocals of Stryper's "Sing A Long Song," The Eddies actually slowed the tape down and recorded the song at that speed. Then, once the tape was sped back up to the regular speed, Camarillo ends up sounding like a long lost Sweet brother on steroids.
The reaction to the album was mixed. Some fans loved it, others absolutely hated it and returned their CDs smashed into tiny pieces. Some tracks, like the Eddies cover of DC Talk's "I Luv Rap Music" found a considerable amount of radio play in various markets. Reactions from the songs' original artists were generally positive. Eddie DeGarmo commented about how he knew that D&K should never have recorded "God Good, Devil Bad". Amy Grant later referenced the album jokingly in a video tribute to Terry Taylor which was played before a Lost Dogs concert in Chatsworth, California.
Track listing
"God Good, Devil Bad" (Words and music by DeGarmo and Key. Originally recorded by DeGarmo and Key)
"Baby Baby" (Words and music by Amy Grant and Keith Thomas. Originally recorded by Amy Grant)
"Satan, Bite the Dust" (Words by Carman, music by Keith Thomas. Originally Recorded by Carman)
"Not For Me" (Words by Kim Boyce, music by Jimmy Lee Sloas. Originally recorded by Kim Boyce)
"I Luv Rap Music" (Words and music by Toby McKeehan and Jackie Gore. Originally recorded by Dc Talk)
"Convertibles" (Words and music by Mark Gersmehl, Billy Smiley and Gordon Kennedy. Originally recorded by White Heart)
"I Use the J Word" (Words and music by DeGarmo and Key. Originally recorded by DeGarmo and Key)
"Alcatraz" (Words and music by Jeff Silvey and Billy Simon. Originally recorded by Al Denson)
"Big House" (Words and music by Mark Stuart, Barry Blair, Will McGinnis and Bob Herdman. Originally recorded by Audio Adrenaline)
"Sing Along Song" (Words and music by Michael Sweet. Originally recorded by Stryper)
Personnel
Camarillo Eddy on guitars and vocals.
Michael Roe on his special, great big guitar.
Berger Roy Al on bass guitar.
Prickly Disco on guitars, backing vocals and additional keyboards.
David Raven ("Hort Elvison") on drums.
Additional musicians
Gene Pool on keyboards/guitars.
Arthur Fhardy on keyboards.
Spot on guitars.
Miss Smelt Roe (no relation) for her guest vocals on "Baby, Baby."
Alex's Evil Twin Eddy: Fish Tambourinist, Slide Whistlist and the Happy Coconuts.
Spud Puddle, Plankeye and Disco Saint Boy: Fake Audience.
Mr Nick Deletchi lends his velvet voice to "I Luv Rap Music," recorded live at the Ramada Motor Lodge in Ypsilanti, Michigan.
The Swirling Eddies are pampered (literally) and managed by the infamous Mort Allen Jr.
The Eddies would especially like to thank Ruth Buzzi
Production notes
Executive Producers: Alex MacDougall and Mark Nicholas.
Mixed by Prickly Disco at the Green Room.
Recorded by Prickly Disco with Camarillo Eddy.
References
1996 albums
The Swirling Eddies albums
The 2002–03 LEN Champions League was the 40th edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs. It ran from 16 October 2002 to 17 May 2003, and it was contested by 29 teams. The Final Four (semifinals, final, and third place game) took place on May 16 and May 17 in Genoa.
Preliminary round
Blue Group
Red Group
Final Four (Genoa)
Final standings
See also
2002–03 LEN Cup Winners' Cup
2002–03 LEN Cup
LEN Champions League seasons
Champions League
2002 in water polo
2003 in water polo
Manzil Manzil is a 1984 Indian romantic drama film, directed by Nasir Hussain, with his nephew Aamir Khan as his assistant director. The film stars Sunny Deol and Dimple Kapadia along with Danny Denzongpa, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Prem Chopra and Asha Parekh.
This movie was a box-office disaster and the first flop of Nasir Hussain's career.
Cast
Sunny Deol as Vijay / Sonu
Dimple Kapadia as Seema Malhotra
Arjun as Roopesh
Prem Chopra as Niranjan Das
Kulbhushan Kharbanda as Mr. Malhotra (Seema's Father)
Danny Denzongpa as Gautam / Pahadi Baba (Vijay's Father)
Asha Parekh as Vijay's Mother
Tariq as Deepak
Soundtrack
Nasir Hussain's
HINDI FILM : MANZIL MANZIL
ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK
Speed : 33rpm
Record No : ECLP 5961
Record Label : His Master's Voice (Odeon)
Music By: Rahul Dev Burman
Lyrics By: Majrooh Sultanpuri
PRESSED IN INDIA
References
External links
1984 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Nasir Hussain
Films scored by R. D. Burman
The Brak Show is an American adult animated sitcom created by Andy Merrill, Jim Fortier, and Pete Smith for Cartoon Network's late-night programming block, Adult Swim. The Brak Show serves as a spin-off of the animated television series, Space Ghost Coast to Coast, for which the show's creators originally wrote, and featured recurring characters from Space Ghost Coast to Coast and Cartoon Planet. Both programs used stock footage from the Hanna-Barbera cartoon Space Ghost. The protagonist is Brak, voiced by Merrill, who developed a quirky persona for the character.
An earlier version of the pilot episode, "Mr. Bawk Ba Gawk", originally aired prior to the official launch of Adult Swim on Cartoon Network on December 21, 2000. The series made its official premiere debut during the night Adult Swim officially launched on September 2, 2001, and ended on December 31, 2003, with a total of 28 episodes. On May 24, 2007, a webisode for the series was released on Adult Swim Video, ending the series.
History
The Brak Show was preceded by two specials, both titled Brak Presents the Brak Show Starring Brak. Despite the similarities in the titles, the two Brak Shows have very little in common. The specials parodied variety shows, while the series was a spoof of early sitcoms. Each of the specials aired in the United States only once in February and March 2000 respectively.
The series premiered with a sneak peek unannounced in the early hours of December 21, 2000, along with the "Radio Free Sealab" episode of Sealab 2021. This "stealth" pilot (titled "Leave it to Brak") featured hand-drawn backgrounds and different opening titles. The show's official showing was on Adult Swim's debut on September 2, 2001.
It originally started off as a parody of sitcoms, but just like its sister show, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, the plot dissolved over time and became increasingly bizarre. The setting is suburbia with an extra-planetary hint. A Saturn-like planet appears in the background on occasion, and many of the extras are aliens. Often, episodes parody stereotypical episodes of regular sitcoms (e.g. The son showing an interest in women, the dad being reconnected with an old passion, the mother temporarily leaving after a fight, etc.).
The show was canceled in December 2003. However, Adult Swim announced in a bump on October 22, 2006, that The Brak Show would return to production as an internet cartoon on the network's website. On May 24, 2007, a single webisode premiered online, but no further webisodes were produced thereafter.
On August 1, 2008, Adult Swim had a retro night, an all-night marathon of shows featured on Adult Swim in 2001 and 2002. Two of the earlier episodes of The Brak Show were aired during the marathon. The series has since appeared in Adult Swim's "DVR Theater". Since 2019, Adult Swim has aired The Brak Show as part of "Pete Smith" Day, a yearly event celebrating the career of one of The Brak Show's co-creators.
Characters
Brak (Andy Merrill) is a sort of anthropomorphic teenage "space cat" with an eccentric personality and a speaking lisp. He is 15 years old, as he attends as a student at Learnmore High School. He is quite silly and unintelligent but with a very sweet and gentle personality, and seems to be a teen adolescent. He still has attachments to stuffed animals but is starting to be attracted to girls. He frequently breaks into impromptu songs, lyrically about events in the episode. The writers use a wide variety of musical styles for the songs — covering jazz, country, show tunes, rap and rock & roll. His closest friend is Zorak, although in return Zorak treats him with open contempt and little respect. Brak's character is derived from his appearances on the Space Ghost Coast to Coast spin-off Cartoon Planet.
Zorak (C. Martin Croker) is another character from Space Ghost Coast to Coast, a human-sized mantis. On this show, he plays the role similar to that of Eddie Haskell character, who is also a sociopathic, sadistic, morally bankrupt misanthrope. He often hangs out with Brak, but usually only as a way to force him into doing something for his own benefit. Zorak considers himself "above" Brak and his family, and is constantly criticizing and insulting them. Zorak also enjoys bullying Clarence, the neighbourhood nerd. Like Eddie Haskell, he also expresses more than a platonic interest in Brak's Mom.
Dad (George Lowe) is a small human illegal alien with a Cuban accent, who is extremely self-centred, lazy and nonsensical. Unemployed since 1984, most of his time is spent sitting at the kitchen table and reading the newspaper. An episode seldom goes by without him delivering a moral to the story that is often incoherent or has no relevance to the situation, and typically ends in a non sequitur. Occasionally, he displays prominent womanizing and male-chauvinistic behaviour, which is sometimes rebuked by Brak's mom. In an Adult Swim New Year's Eve bumper in 2003, he revealed his name to be "Javier". He is also extremely incompetent at working a job; during his brief stint working at the ice cream shop in “We Ski in Peace” he tries to take his break immediately after the store opens and shoots the ice cream because “it was about to rob [the ice cream store]”. In the same episode, he was also shown to have a high ranking job in protecting the Earth in a base underneath the house but does so for free. He also cares little for Brak, doing things like using his college funds to buy a ski boat.
Mom (Marsha Crenshaw in episodes 1–14 and the webisode, Joanna Daniel in episodes 15–28): a creature of the same "species" as Brak, with the fashions of a housewife character on a 1950s sitcom. She is largely the only semi-sane character on the show. She displays little romantic or sexual interest in Brak's father and often does not tolerate him. When she gets drunk, however, she finds him suddenly irresistible. As voiced by Crenshaw, she is most often an homage to June Cleaver and similar motherly characters, with occasional hints of discontent with her husband's laziness and sexism. When Daniel took over the role, Brak's mother inexplicably acquired a British accent and became far more open in her discontent with domestic life and her annoyance with and disdain for Brak's father. Her change in accent has been commented upon several times on the show.
Thundercleese (Carey Means): Brak's next-door-neighbour, a militant killbot (with the visual appearance of a Gundam or a similar anime-style robot) who is also passionate about his lawn and garden, particularly the gnomes that decorate it. A short-lived shtick on the show involved Thundercleese blasting Zorak often. He is very aggressive and warlike, always speaking in a loud, robotic monotone. When Brak is troubled, no matter what the problem is, Thundercleese invariably suggests swift and brutal retaliation. Thundercleese's social skills are rather lacking, and before social get-togethers, he will study very bad "party jokes" in preparation. Thundercleese's creator is claimed to be MoroccoBotix, in an episode of the series, which contradicts a special 2003 New Year's Eve event on Adult Swim in 2003, where it was revealed that Aqua Teen Hunger Forces Frylock created him, which is the in-universe reason for their similar voices.
Clarence (Andy Merrill): a chubby purple alien and schoolmate of Brak's at Learnmore High School. He was a supporting character on the show who made more regular appearances towards the end of the series. Clarence is socially awkward and idolizes Brak. His constant talking often annoys those around him, and when faced with an extremely stressful situation he will wear his mother's sundress and bonnet for comfort. In a rap contest, he revealed that he dearly misses his father, who left them for unknown reasons. In this same contest, he also noted that his mom has since married a man named Gary, whom he does not like. Many of his appearances end with him being maimed, usually by Zorak.
Sisto: Brak's brother, who largely resembles him, although mostly red-coloured. In early episodes, he would make random appearances walking across the scene farting. He was killed by aliens in "Pepper". A scratch-sniff card of him was shown in the episode "Sexy New Brak Show Go".
Episodes
International broadcast
In Canada, The Brak Show previously aired on Teletoon's Teletoon at Night block, and is airing on the Canadian version of Adult Swim.
Home releases
The first 14 episodes were released on DVD on February 1, 2005, and the remaining episodes were released on August 8, 2006. In addition to being available on DVD, The Brak Show is also available on iTunes.
The series is also available on HBO Max since September 1, 2020.
References
External links
2000s American adult animated television series
2000s American parody television series
2000s American surreal comedy television series
2000s American sitcoms
2000 American television series debuts
2003 American television series endings
American adult animated comedy television series
Animated adult television sitcoms
Adult Swim original programming
American adult animated television spin-offs
American animated sitcoms
American television series with live action and animation
Animated television series about cats
Animated television series about dysfunctional families
Animated television series about teenagers
Space Ghost Coast to Coast
English-language television shows
Space Ghost television series
Television series created by Jim Fortier
Television series by Williams Street
The Anglican Diocese of Tasmania includes the entire Tasmanian archipelago and is an extraprovincial diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia.
The cathedral church of the diocese is St David's Cathedral in Hobart. The twelfth Bishop of Tasmania, ordained as bishop and installed on 19 March 2016, is Richard Condie.
Churchmanship
Tasmania is a low church/evangelical diocese. In contrast to the Diocese of Sydney's long heritage of evangelicalism or Brisbane or Ballarat's unwavering liberal Anglo-Catholicism, Tasmania's churchmanship has varied over time but it has now returned to its evangelical roots.
In its earliest days, the diocese had a decidedly low church outlook, with priests such as Richard Deodatus Poulett Harris condemning "popery".
During the 1940s, high churchmen had the "experience of being a ‘Lone Scout type Catholic' in conservative evangelical Tasmania. One of those who attended the occasional meetings of the Tasmanian state branch of the Australian Church Union in the 1940s recalled the conspiratorial atmosphere: 'they were quite delicious really, because everyone was called Father, and we could say the Hail Mary without anyone getting into trouble'".
Since the 1980s, the Diocese has reverted to a strongly evangelical orientation. The last two bishops, John Harrower and Richard Condie, have both supported this stance. Most of the current clergy in the Diocese are trained at the evangelical Ridley College.
Bishop Condie is also the Chairman of the Fellowship of Confessing Anglicans and a member of GAFCON.
History
Robert Knopwood, a member of the original settlement in 1803, was responsible for the initial establishment of Anglicanism in the colony. Also important for the development of Anglicanism in the colony was the arrival of the Bible Society in 1819. Although most of the mainline denominations were well represented in Tasmania, Anglicanism was well established by the 1830s.
Church control of the educational system was a contested issue of the 1840s, with a division between Evangelicals and Anglo-Catholics. On 21 August 1842, Tasmania became the first independent Anglican diocese in Australia by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Queen Victoria and Francis Nixon was appointed first Bishop of Tasmania. In 1842 (shortly after her erections), her jurisdiction was described as "Van Diemen's Land" (but not "Norfolk Island"). Nixon initiated the creation of a synodical structure in 1858, combining clergy and laity governance of the diocese, mirroring similar measures in the dioceses of Adelaide and Melbourne. In 1866, there were two archdeaconries: Rowland Robert Davies was Archdeacon of Hobart Town and Thomas Reibey of Launceston.
In 1977, the diocese held a youth synod "to encourage informed discussion on religious and social issues", which eventually became the National Anglican Youth Gathering.
Schools
There are three schools associated with the diocese: Hutchins School, Launceston Church Grammar School and St Michael's Collegiate School.
Welfare and social justice
The diocese has various charitable organisations such as the welfare provider Anglicare and the Mission to Seafarers.
There is a strong Christian pacifist subculture in the diocese. In 2012, a priest of the diocese, the Reverend Nathanael Reuss, was elected global chairman of the Anglican Pacifist Fellowship.
Issues
Although General Synod passed legislation to authorise the ordination of women to the priesthood in 1992, Tasmania had already given a deaconess, Marie Kingston, individual responsibility for the parish of King Island during the 1960s.
From 1997 to 1998, a public inquiry was held which unearthed a number of cases of clerical child abuse, involving nine priests, which had occurred from 25 to 30 years previously.
As a result of these finding, the diocese provided compensation. More recently the diocese has focused on providing safe ministry with the bishop, John Harrower, saying during his episcopate that "the church is committed to stamping out child sexual abuse within its ranks". He also lobbied the federal government about this issue.
The diocese was called before the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse in November 2014 and January 2016.
Demography
A report from the General Synod, using National Church Life Survey and Australian Bureau of Statistics data, found that average weekly attendance across the state in 2001 was 4,800. This is from the high-water mark in 1961, when 45.42% of the population declared themselves affiliated with the Anglican Church in Tasmania, the highest percentage of all the Australian states.
In the diocese there are 107 active clergy and 51 parishes.
Bishops of Tasmania
Assistant bishops
These men have served as assistant bishops (some of whom were styled "missioner bishops") in the diocese:
William Rothwell Barrett (previously Warden of St Wilfrid's Theological College, Cressy 1924-29 and then Warden of Christ College (University of Tasmania) thereafter), consecrated 21 December 1955
Henry Allingham Jerrim, consecrated 21 December 1974
Mervyn Richard Stanton, consecrated 21 December 1985
Christopher Randall Jones, Assistant Bishop (Vicar-General) (2008–present)
Ross John Nicholson, Assistant Bishop (Mission) (2008–2017)
See also
Anglican Diocese of Sydney
Anglican Diocese of North West Australia
Anglican Diocese of Armidale
Anglican Pacifist Fellowship
Church Missionary Society
The Mission to Seafarers
Anglicare
Ridley Theological College
Evangelical Anglicanism
Low church
Fellowship of Confessing Anglicans
GAFCON
References
Further reading
External links
Diocese of Tasmania website
Tasmania
1842 establishments in Australia
Religion in Tasmania
Evangelical Anglicanism
Evangelicalism in Australia
Novotroitskoye () is a rural locality (a village) in Starosharashlinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Novotroitskoye is located 8 km north of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Verkhnetroitskoye is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
De Mars may refer to:
De Mars (surname)
De Mars, Gelderland, Dutch hamlet
De Mars, De Blesse, Dutch smock mill
See also
DeMar
Champ de Mars (disambiguation)
The Anti-Flirt Club was an American club active in Washington, D.C., during the early 1920s. The purpose of the club was to protect young women and girls who received unwelcome attention from men in automobiles and on street corners. The Anti-Flirt Club launched an "Anti-Flirt" week, which began on March 4, 1923.
The club had a series of rules, which were intended as sound and serious advice. These were:
Don't flirt: those who flirt in haste often repent in leisure.
Don't accept rides from flirting motorists—they don't invite you in to save you a walk.
Don't use your eyes for ogling—they were made for worthier purposes.
Don't go out with men you don't know—they may be married, and you may be in for a hair-pulling match.
Don't wink—a flutter of one eye may cause a tear in the other.
Don't smile at flirtatious strangers—save them for people you know.
Don't annex all the men you can get—by flirting with many, you may lose out on the one.
Don't fall for the slick, dandified cake eater—the unpolished gold of a real man is worth more than the gloss of a lounge lizard.
Don't let elderly men with an eye to a flirtation pat you on the shoulder and take a fatherly interest in you. Those are usually the kind who want to forget they are fathers.
Don't ignore the man you are sure of while you flirt with another. When you return to the first one you may find him gone.
An article in The Washington Post from February 28, 1923, titled "10 Girls Start War on Auto Invitation", laid out the problem: "Too many motorists are taking advantage of the precedent established during the war by offering to take young lady pedestrians in their cars, Miss Helen Brown, 639 Longfellow Street, declared yesterday." Brown, the secretary of the nascent Anti-Flirt club, warned that these men "don't all tender their invitations to save the girls a walk", and while there were "other varieties of flirts", motorists were the absolute worst.
Brown, along with the president—a Miss Alice Reighly of 1400 Harvard Street—made their plan of action known. On March 4, 1923, the first-ever Anti-Flirt Week (and only since) would commence.
Other Anti-Flirt Clubs were started in New York, Chicago and other cities, but their focus was apparently on the "mashers" who went after women on the streets, succeeding in getting police to arrest some.
See also
Cat-calling
Male gaze
Wolf-whistling
References
External links
Shorpy, History in HD retrieved 25 October 2008
Don't Undress Me With Your Eyes - Ghosts of DC blog post about the club
Women in the United States
Organizations established in 1923
1923 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Women in Washington, D.C.
Philosophy of love
Sexual ethics
Seduction
William Frederick Waldow (August 26, 1882 – April 16, 1930) was a United States representative from New York. Born in Buffalo, he attended the common schools, apprenticed as a plumber, and later engaged as a plumbing contractor. He was elected a member of the board of aldermen of Buffalo in 1912 and 1913 and was a member of the New York Republican State committee in 1916.
Waldow was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fifth Congress, holding office from March 4, 1917, to March 3, 1919. He was unsuccessful for reelection in 1918 to the Sixty-sixth Congress and resumed former business pursuits. He was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1920 and was sheriff of Erie County from 1921 to 1923. He died in Snyder (a suburb of Buffalo) in 1930; interment was in Forest Lawn Cemetery.
References
1882 births
1930 deaths
American plumbers
Politicians from Buffalo, New York
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
20th-century American politicians
Dečija pesma (English: Children's Song) is the second EP by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme, released by the Serbian record label PGP RTB in 1987. The EP features five different versions of the song "Dečija pesma", children, disco, early, hit and superior mix of the track. The song lyrics featured the verse "Nije dobro Bijelo Dugme; Nije dobra Katarina; Šta je dobro; Šta nam treba; Kičme, Kičme Disciplina") ("Bijelo Dugme is not good; Neither is Katarina; What is good; What we need; Kičme, Kičme Disciplina"). As guests on the EP appeared YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić, Ivan Vdović "VD", Srđan Todorović, who by that time was playing in Ekatarina Velika, and Roze Poze guitarist Željko Nikolić. Ironic cover versions of Robert Palmer's "Addicted to Love" and The Cult single "Love Removal Machine", recorded live at the Akademija club, also appeared on the EP.
Track listing
All tracks written by Zeleni Zub, except tracks 3, written by Ian Astbury and Billy Duffy, and 6, written by Robert Palmer.
Personnel
The band
Koja (Dušan Kojić) — bass, vocals, artwork by [cover], conversation [voice] (track 4)
Kele (Nenad Krasovac) — drums (tracks 3, 6, 7)
Dedža — trumpet (tracks 3, 6, 7)
Zerkman (Zoran Erkman) — trumpet (tracks 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7)
Additional personnel
Zeleni Zub (Dušan Kojić) — music by, lyrics by, producer
Žika (Srđan Todorović) — drums (tracks 1, 5)
Zorica Batin-Đukanović — photography
Šane (Dušan Petrović) — recorded by (tracks 1, 2, 4, 5), conversation [voice] (track 4)
Đuka (Dušan Đukić) — drums [intro bass drum] (track 1)
Borovnica — viola (track 1)
Željko Nikolić — guitar [slide] (track 2)
Vd (Ivan Vdović) — drum programming [Rx5 Yamaha], voice [conversation] (track 4)
Dragi Jelić — guitar [solo] (track 5)
Kuzma (Jurij Novoselić) — saxophone [alto] (track 5)
Vlada Negovanović — recorded by (track 7)
References
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
Dečija Pesma at Discogs
1987 EPs
PGP-RTB EPs
Disciplina Kičme albums
"The Communicator" is the thirty-fourth episode (production #208) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the eighth of the second season. Set in the 22nd century, the starship Enterprise has set out from Earth to explore the galaxy.
Reed and Archer retrieve a communicator left behind on an alien planet, but are captured in the process.
Plot
After returning from an exploratory away mission to a pre-warp society on the brink of war, Lieutenant Reed is unable to locate his communicator. A search of the shuttle bay area proves fruitless, so Captain Archer and Reed return to the planet to try to find it, so as not to leave a contaminant within the culture. Unfortunately, they then manage to walk into a trap set by the local military, who have already found the communicator. With their capture, the local commander, General Gosis, also possesses 'contaminant' scanners and a phase pistol.
Becoming desperate to locate the away team, Sub-Commander T'Pol's attempt at contact actually divulges the Captain's identity, and Archer and Reed are physically interrogated. After a mild beating, it is discovered that not only are Archer's and Reed's forehead morphology not the same as the locals', but they also have iron-based red blood, and vastly different internal organs. In response, Archer and Reed improvise a story about being genetically-altered prototypes (with prototype equipment) from an opposing faction known as the Alliance. While allaying suspicion that they are aliens, the military commander decides to hang Archer and Reed so that autopsies can be performed to discover more about their "enhancements".
Meanwhile, on Enterprise, a rescue mission is planned by Commander Tucker using the captured Suliban cell ship (as seen in episode "Broken Bow"), but problems arise with its cloak. In their cell, Archer and Reed contemplate the irony of their adherence to an early version of Starfleet's Prime Directive. As they are about to be hanged, the cloaked Suliban ship with T'Pol, Tucker, and Ensign Mayweather arrives, enabling Archer and Reed to escape with their shuttle-pod and captured technology. Later, back on Enterprise, Archer reflects on the consequences of their actions even in the absence of foreign artifacts, and T'Pol is impressed that Archer was willing to sacrifice himself in the line of duty.
Production
The episode was directed by James Contner, and was his fourth time directing for the show. The script was written by Andre Bormanis from a story by Rick Berman and Brannon Braga. The episode explores a premise hinted at in the original Star Trek, at the end of "A Piece of the Action", when Doctor McCoy jokes about having accidentally left his communicator behind.
Guest cast Francis Guinan and Dennis Cockrum previously appeared in the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Live Fast and Prosper", and Tim Kelleher portrayed ex-Borg "Four of Nine" in the episode "Survival Instinct".
Reception
Jamahl Epsicokhan at his website "Jammer's Reviews" gave the episode 2.5 out of 4.
In 2021, The Digital Fix saw this as an example of Enterprise doing classic Star Trek storytelling, and said it was "a surprising good Prime Directive story", noting how the plot captures events "spiraling out of control" when a Star Trek technology device, a communicator, is left behind on an alien planet.
In his 2022 rewatch, Keith DeCandido of Tor.com gave it 4 out of 10.
In 2019, Den of Geek recommended this episode to understand the importance of the Jonathan Archer character to the show.
Home media release
This episode was released for home media use on DVD as part of the second series box set of Star Trek: Enterprise. Season Two was released on Blu-ray Disc August 20, 2013.
References
External links
Star Trek: Enterprise (season 2) episodes
2002 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Rick Berman
Television episodes written by Brannon Braga
1941 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 35th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1941 in water polo
1941 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
James Fowler (1788 – October 18, 1873) was an American lawyer and politician.
Fowler, the eldest child of Samuel Fowler and Jemima (Lyman) Fowler, was born in Westfield, Mass., in 1788, and died in the same town, October 18, 1873, aged 85. He was the last survivor of the Yale College class of 1807.
He studied law at the Litchfield Law School, but mainly followed agricultural pursuits in his native town. From 1820 to 1830 he was successively a member of both houses of the Massachusetts State Legislature. He was also one of the Massachusetts Governor's Council, and filled a number of local offices. He was especially interested in education, and was from 1826 to 1838 one of the trustees of Amherst College.
He married, first, Feb. 9, 1820, Lucy L., daughter of Major T. J. Douglas, who died July 16, 1840. He married, secondly, Oct. 6, 1841, Charlotte, daughter of Capt. Silas Whitney. He left one son, a graduate of Yale in 1839, and one daughter.
1788 births
1873 deaths
People from Westfield, Massachusetts
Yale College alumni
Litchfield Law School alumni
Massachusetts state senators
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Members of the Massachusetts Governor's Council
19th-century American politicians
Fun Rádio is a commercial radio station in Slovakia.
Broadcast
Fun Radio started to broadcast in Slovakia in June 1990. Initially it broadcast for four hours daily, the rest of the content was taken from the French Fun Radio. Later, the broadcast on its own slowly increased until it was finally covered for 24 hours a day. Format of the radio is European Hit Radio with its target group being young and progressive listeners. For a long time, it based its content on entertaining broadcasts but since 2007 the majority of its content is not moderated by speakers. What is being moderated by speakers is the morning show, afternoon show and most of its weekend broadcasts.
The radio broadcasts on 17 terrestrial transmitters, internet, satellite and cable distribution. Fun Radio offers multiple of its original streams, podcasts and videos. Three of its actual streams are themed in: 80's and 90's hits, second in Slovak and Czech music (CZSK) and the third is dance music (Dance). Before the Christmas season, they start to broadcast their Christmas stream.
Audience
Fun Radio is the third most popular radio station in Slovakia.
References
Radio stations in Slovakia
Seale may refer to:
Seale, Alabama, an unincorporated community in the United States
Seale, Surrey, a village in England
Seale Hayne College, military hospital in Ivybridge, Devon, UK
Seale is also a surname:
Seale Baronets (since 1838), noble family
Charles Seale-Hayne (1833–1903), British member of Parliament from 1885 to 1903
Alvin Seale (1871–1958), American ichthyologist
Arthur Seale (born 1946), convicted murderer
Bobby Seale (born 1937), American civil rights activist
Clive Seale (born 1955), British medical sociologist
Douglas Seale (1913–1999), British actor
James Ford Seale (1936–2011), Ku Klux Klan member
John Seale (born 1942), Australian cinematographer
Patrick Seale (1930–2014), British journalist
Shonte Seale (born 1999), Barbadian netball player
See also
Seal (disambiguation)
Seals (disambiguation)
Searles
The Diocese of Sulcis or Diocese of Sulci (Latin: Dioecesis Sulcitana) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the Sulcis region in the Province of South Sardinia. Erected in 484, it was suppressed in 1514. In 1966, it was restored as a Titular Episcopal See.
Ordinaries
Juan Pilars (1503–1514 Appointed, Archbishop of Cagliari)
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Kochu TV () is a Malayalam children's (pay) television channel from Sun TV Network, Chennai. The channel is based in Cochin, Kerala. Kochu TV is the only children's channel in Malayalam (excluding Malayalam audio feeds in pan-India channels and the state-owned Kite Victers). The channel broadcasts a mix of programmes, all in Malayalam, including popular animated series and pre-school content (locally produced and international).
Following Surya TV and Kiran TV (now Surya Movies), the Sun TV Network launched its third 24X7 Malayalam channel "Kochu TV" on October 2011. The target audience of Kochu TV are children in the age of 4 to 14 years.
Chutti TV (Tamil), Chintu TV (Kannada), and Kushi TV (Telugu) are the sister channels of Kochu TV.
Programming
Current programming
Former programming
References
Malayalam-language television channels
Children's television channels in India
Television stations in Kochi
2011 establishments in Kerala
Television channels and stations established in 2011
Angelo Lecchi (born 13 December 1966) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in two editions of the Tour de France, five editions of the Giro d'Italia and two editions of the Vuelta a España.
Major results
1988
1st Stage 4b Giro d'Italia (TTT)
1989
1st Overall Giro di Puglia
1st Stage 1
1990
5th Giro del Friuli
1994
1st Coppa Placci
1st Milano-Vignola
3rd Giro del Lazio
4th Giro dell'Emilia
1995
2nd Tre Valli Varesine
1996
5th GP Ouest–France
1997
4th Overall Tour de Langkawi
10th Overall Tour de Luxembourg
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Bergamo
Clark Botanic Garden is a botanical garden and park located in Roslyn Heights, in Nassau County, on Long Island, in New York, United States.
Description
The garden, designed by noted garden designer Alice Recknagel Ireys, was established in 1969 on the former estate of Grenville Clark, a noted attorney, author, and advisor to President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. In 1966, Clark donated his home to the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. The site now contains approximately 5,000 species of plants, with over 1,000 labeled trees, shrubs, and garden plants arranged in 12 specialty gardens. Collections include native wildflowers, conifers, roses, perennials, daylilies, wetland plants, rock garden plants, herbs, butterfly plants, and medicinal plants.
There are two ponds and a small gift shop on the grounds, as well as a community gardening area. The garden is now owned by the Town of North Hempstead and operated by a non-profit organization. It is open to the public with no admission charge. Occasionally concerts or other special events are held on the grounds. During the summer months free compost is sometimes available to local residents.
Location
Although the Clark Botanic Garden uses an Albertson mailing address, it is located within the boundaries of the adjacent hamlet, Roslyn Heights.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
External links
Town of North Hempstead - Clark Botanic Garden
Botanical gardens in New York (state)
Town of North Hempstead, New York
Protected areas of Nassau County, New York
Arran James Pettifer (born 1 October 2003) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Atherton Collieries on loan from League One side Bolton Wanderers.
Career
Pettifer came through the Bolton Wanderers Reserves Academy, which he joined at the age of seven.
Pettifer made his Bolton debut on 5 October 2021 in a 4–1 victory against Liverpool U21's in the EFL Trophy, coming on in the 72nd minute as a substitute for Josh Sheehan. On 30 November 2021, he made his first appearance against a professional team in a 1–0 victory against Fleetwood Town, also in the EFL Trophy, coming on in the 70th minute as a substitute for the games goalscorer Kieran Lee.
On 13 June 2022, Pettifer became one of the five Academy graduates that signed their first professional contracts with Bolton.
On 26 August 2022, Pettifer joined Northern Premier League Premier Division club Atherton Collieries on a short-term loan deal alongside teammate Finlay Lockett.
Career statistics
Notes
References
2003 births
Living people
Footballers from Stockport
Association football midfielders
English footballers
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
Atherton Collieries A.F.C. players
In enzymology, bornyl diphosphate synthase (BPPS) () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
geranyl diphosphate (+)-bornyl diphosphate
Bornyl diphosphate synthase is involved in the biosynthesis of the cyclic monoterpenoid bornyl diphosphate. As seen from the reaction above, BPPS takes geranyl diphosphate as its only substrate and isomerizes into the product, (+)- bornyl diphosphate. This reaction comes from a general class of enzymes called terpene synthases that cyclize a universal precursor, geranyl diphosphate, to form varying monocyclic and bicyclic monoterpenes. The biochemical transformation of geranyl diphosphate to cyclic products occurs in a variety of aromatic plants, including both angiosperms and gymnosperms, and is used for various purposes described in sections below. Terpene synthases like BPPS are the primary enzymes in the formation of low-molecular-weight terpene metabolites. The organization of terpene synthases, their characteristic ability to form multiple products, and regulation in response to biotic and abiotic factors contribute to the formation of a diverse group of terpene metabolites. The structural diversity and complexity of terpenes generates an enormous potential for mediating plant–environment interactions.
The systematic name of this enzyme class is (+)-bornyl-diphosphate lyase (decyclizing). Other names in common use include bornyl pyrophosphate synthase, bornyl pyrophosphate synthetase, (+)-bornylpyrophosphate cyclase, and geranyl-diphosphate cyclase (ambiguous). This enzyme participates in monoterpenoid biosynthesis and belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the class of intramolecular lyases.
Mechanism
As seen in the mechanism above, bornyl diphosphate synthase catalyzes the cyclization cascade of GPP into (+)- bornyl diphosphate. Following the initial metal-activated diphosphate departure from GPP, the molecule isomerizes to linalyl diphosphate (LPP), which then allows for the rotation around the carbon-carbon bond, and consequent reattachment of the PPi group. The pyrophosphate then stabilizes the cyclization into the terpinyl cation, and another final cyclization yields the 2-bornyl cation. This cation is then neutralized by the stereo-specific C–O bond formation with the final re-attachment of pyrophosphate to create the final product, BPP. Careful consideration of the BPPS structure shows that the active site, discussed in further detail below, guides the positions and conformations of the isoprenoid functionality of the substrate, while the diphosphate position remains essentially anchored in a single location and conformation. Overall, the pyrophosphate plays an important role in stabilizing the carbocations formed throughout the cyclization in the active site of the enzyme. These interactions and the strategic positioning of pyrophosphate is what is believed to lead to its endo-specific recapture in the final step by the bornyl cation.
Enzyme Structure
Bornyl diphosphate synthase is a homodimeric isomerase, with each of the two monomers containing two α-helical domains. In the case of BPPS, the C-terminal domain directly catalyzes the cyclization of geranyl diphosphate, as seen in the above reaction mechanism, while the N-terminal domain acts as a scaffolding to the active site of the C-terminal during the reaction. The N-terminal domain forms similar α-barrels to that of other terpene cyclases such as epiaristolochene synthase and farnesyltransferase. In ligand complexes, such as with GPP, bornyl diphosphate synthase stabilizes the complex through multiple hydrogen bond interactions, specifically with aspartate-rich motifs. Additionally, arginines in the N terminus may play a stabilizing role in the initial isomerization step of the reaction cascade discussed in the section above. The C-terminal domain, on the other hand, contains 12 α-helices, which define the hydrophobic active site where the cyclization occurs. Critical amino acid segments found in the C-terminal domain are also what allow the required magnesium metal ions to bind and allow the first pyrophosphate release. Specifically, this is accomplished by an aspartate-rich domain DDIYD beginning at D351, in with the boldface represents the residues directly interacting with the magnesium ion, elucidated on the adjacent image.
As of late 2007, 7 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , and .
Biological Function
Many properties of plants derive almost exclusively from monoterpene natural products: plants generate these compounds for molecular functions in regulation, communication, and defense. For examples, terpenes often have a strong odor and may protect the plants that produce them from herbivores by deterring them and by attracting predators of said herbivores. The monoterpenes characterized to-date reveal a vast array of structural and functional variations coming from different monocyclic or bicyclic skeletons. Despite this structural and stereochemical diversity, all monoterpenes derive from the same substrate, geranyl diphosphate (GPP). The cyclization of this C10-isoprenoid precursor through sequential carbocation intermediates, as seen in the above sections, and is catalyzed by metal-dependent enzymes: in this case, BPPS cyclizes GPP into bornyl diphosphate. However, the multitude of products coming from only a single substrate helps conclude that this diversity is a consequence of the evolution of variations in the enzyme. Each different enzyme holds an active site that chaperones intermediates through different cyclization pathways, and thus forms myriad monoterpenoids.
Industrial Relevance
Historically, aromatic plants have been used for their pleasing fragrances, culinary applications, and therapeutic potential. Because bornyl diphosphate synthase is crucial in forming aromatic monoterpenoids within plants, this enzyme is of key industrial relevance. Specifically, while most studies focus on BPPS from Salvia officinalis, there has been a recent interest in studying LaBPPS, bornyl diphosphate synthase from lavender. This interest arises from the fact that lavender essential oils (EOs) of higher quality produced by a few Lavandula angustifolia variations are heavily sought after in the perfume industry. Compared to the BPPS of Salvia officinalis, LaBPPS showed several differences in amino acid sequence, and the products it catalyzes: in detail, the carbocation intermediates are more stable in LaBPPS than in regular BPPS, leading to a different efficiency of converting GPP into BPP. Given the novelty of LaBPP discovery, further research on this will most likely be of significant use to the perfume and fragrance industry.
References
EC 5.5.1
Enzymes of known structure
Magas is a rural barrio with an urban area in the municipality of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,436.
Features and demographics
Magas has of land area and no water area. In 2010, its population was 3,436 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Magas and Playa barrios was 962.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico
Mount Sunflower, although not a true mountain, is the highest natural point in the U.S. state of Kansas. At , it is above the state's topographic low point, which lies on the opposite side of the state. Located in Wallace County, it is less than half a mile (0.8 km) from the state border with Colorado and is close to the lowest point in Colorado.
Mount Sunflower is located on private land owned by Ed and Cindy Harold, who encourage visitors to the site. Amenities include a picnic table, a little free library, a sunflower sculpture made from railroad spikes, and a plaque on the site stating, "On this site in 1897, nothing happened." (As of 2015, however, this sign is missing, evidently stolen.) Additionally, there is a mailbox on site with a registration book inside where visitors can write their names, where they are from, and how many members are in their party.
Access is via county dirt roads to the edge of the property, then across a cattle guard and onto a private dirt road through a cattle grazing pasture to the summit.
The State of Kansas gradually increases in elevation from the east to the west. As such, "Mount" Sunflower, while the highest natural point in the state in terms of elevation, is virtually indistinguishable from the surrounding terrain.
See also
Outline of Kansas
Index of Kansas-related articles
List of U.S. states by elevation
References
External links
Geography of Wallace County, Kansas
Tourist attractions in Wallace County, Kansas
Geography of Kansas
Highest points of U.S. states
Margot von Renesse (born February 5, 1940 in Berlin; died June 17, 2022) was a German politician.
Life
Renesse studied German law at University of Münster. Since 1969 Renesse became member of German political party SPD. Since 1972 she worked as judge in Bochum. From 1990 to 2002 Renesse was a member of German Bundestag.
She was married and had four children. One of her sons Jan-Robert von Renesse became judge. She died in June 2022.
Awards
2004: Honorary degree by Ruhr University Bochum
2004: Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
References
External links
Biography by Munzinger Online/Personen – Internationales Biographisches Archiv]
1940 births
2022 deaths
Politicians from Berlin
Members of the Bundestag for the Social Democratic Party of Germany
Members of the Bundestag 1990–1994
Members of the Bundestag 1994–1998
Members of the Bundestag 1998–2002
Members of the Bundestag for North Rhine-Westphalia
20th-century German women politicians
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
21st-century German women politicians
University of Münster alumni
German untitled nobility
Warren Perry Noble (June 14, 1820 – July 9, 1903) was an American educator, lawyer, and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1861 to 1865.
Early life and career
Noble was born in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania near Berwick and eventually moved to Ohio.
He was educated in common schools and for part of his career he taught school as well.
In 1840 he was graduated from Wadsworth Academy, Wadsworth, Ohio where he studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1843 and established a legal practice in Tiffin, Ohio.
Noble served as member of the State house of representatives from 1846 until 1850, and as prosecuting attorney of Seneca County from 1851 until 1854.
Congress
He was elected as a Democrat to both the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1861 – March 3, 1865), but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Thirty-ninth Congress. His vote on the Thirteenth Amendment is recorded as nay.
Death
Subsequent to his career in public office Noble resumed the practice of law in Tiffin, Ohio, where he died on July 9, 1903. He was interred in Greenlawn Cemetery in Tiffin.
Private life and legacy
Noble was a Knight Templar in the Freemasons and an Independent Odd Fellow. He was a director of the Toledo, Tiffin and Eastern Railroad until that line was assumed by the Pennsylvania Railroad. He was a member of the board of trustees of The Ohio State University for ten years.
Noble was the preceptor of the first woman admitted to the bar in Ohio, Mrs. Nettie C. Lutes.
Noble was married in 1847 to Mary E. Singer, who had two daughters and a son before she died March 9, 1853. On September 27, 1873, he married Alice M. Campbell, and they had two daughters.
References
Sources
External links
1820 births
1903 deaths
People from Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
People from Tiffin, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio State University trustees
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Shannon River is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
The river rises in the forests to the west of Lake Muir and flows in a southerly direction, crossing the South Western Highway just east of Shannon then continuing south through the Shannon National Park before entering the Broke Inlet. The only tributary of the river is Fish Creek.
The water quality of the river is excellent, fresh and low in sediments. Sandbanks bar the mouth of the river where in enters the inlet.
References
Rivers of the Great Southern region
Warren bioregion
Lonsdale (also known as Londsdale) is a village and historic district in Lincoln and Cumberland, Providence County, Rhode Island, United States, near Rhode Island Route 146 and Route 95. The village was originally part of the town of Smithfield until Lincoln was created in the 1870s, and was originally centered on the Lincoln side of the Blackstone River. William Blaxton settled in the area in 1635. In the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, Lonsdale was home to several manufacturers including the Lonsdale Company's Bleachery, and the Ann & Hope mill was also located in the village in Cumberland.
The historic district encompasses a variety of mill-related resources in the central part of Lonsdale. Mill worker housing along Front, John, Lonsdale, and Main Streets is included on the Lincoln side of the Blackstone, while the Ann & Hope factory complex in Cumberland is included, as are mill housing areas on Blackstone Court and on Main, Cross, and Blackstone Streets.
See also
Lonsdale Sports Arena, a race track that operated from 1947 to 1956
National Register of Historic Places listings in Providence County, Rhode Island
References
Further reading
Town of Lincoln, R.I. Once in a hundred years: a pictorial history. Lincoln, R.I.: Centennial publication of the Town of Lincoln R.I., 1971.
External links
URI Records of Christ Church in Lonsdale
Floating Island of Lonsdale by Mildred Laxton Kelley
Villages in Providence County, Rhode Island
Villages in Rhode Island
Historic districts in Providence County, Rhode Island
Lincoln, Rhode Island
Cumberland, Rhode Island
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Rhode Island
National Register of Historic Places in Providence County, Rhode Island
Massimo Susic (born 11 March 1967 in Mossa) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Honours
Parma
UEFA Cup: 1994–95
1967 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Udinese Calcio players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
A.C.R. Messina players
Pisa S.C. players
U.S. Cremonese players
A.C.D. Treviso players
A.C. Monza players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
UEFA Cup winning players
Bill Guttentag is an American dramatic and documentary film writer-producer-director. His films have premiered at the Sundance, Cannes, Telluride and Tribeca film festivals, and he has won two Academy Awards.
Career
Guttentag won an Oscar for Best Documentary with his HBO film You Don't Have to Die, telling the story of one boy's battle against cancer. Guttentag would receive three more Oscar nominations before winning another Oscar for his 2002 documentary Twin Towers.
In 2007, Guttentag directed two films – Live!, which premiered at Tribeca Film Festival, starring Eva Mendes, Andre Braugher David Krumholtz, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Michelle Krusiec, and Jay Hernandez; and Nanking, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival, a documentary about the Rape of Nanking during World War II. Nanking featured Woody Harrelson, Mariel Hemingway, Rosalind Chao, Stephen Dorff, and Jürgen Prochnow. It was shortlisted for an Academy Award, won awards at Sundance Film Festival and other film festivals, earned Guttentag a Writers Guild of America Award nomination for Best Documentary Screenplay. The film went on to become the highest grossing theatrical documentary in Chinese history. Nanking was nominated for 3 Emmy Awards and won one Emmy Award. The film also won a George Foster Peabody Award in 2009.
Live! had its American premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival and its international premiere at the Deauville Film Festival, and was distributed in the US by The Weinstein Company. Its international distribution included Lions Gate Entertainment (UK) and Pretty Pictures (France). Live! was produced by Charles Roven and Atlas Entertainment.
Guttentag partnered with Richard Linklater on That Animal Rescue Show, on which they were executive producers and directors. The 10-part series, made for CBS All Access, premiered in October, 2020. An episode from the series was part of the official selection of the 2020 Telluride Film Festival.
Guttentag created and executive produced the NBC series Crime & Punishment, which ran for three seasons, 2002–2004. Guttentag was also a director on the series. The show, a non-fiction spin-off of the Law & Order franchise, followed District Attorneys in San Diego County, California. The series was created with Dick Wolf, who was also an executive producer. Over the series' run, most shows were in the Nielsen top 20, and several were in the top 10.
His novel Boulevard, was published by Pegasus Books/W. W. Norton in 2011, and the French edition was published by Éditions Gallimard (2013), where it was a finalist for the Grand Prix de Littérature Policière. He also co-wrote Masters of Disaster: The Ten Commandments of Damage Control, with Democratic political consultant and presidential advisor Chris Lehane, which was published in December 2012 by Palgrave Macmillan. He has also written nonfiction pieces, including for The Wall Street Journal and the Los Angeles Times.
Guttentag also directed Soundtrack for a Revolution, a film about music and the Civil Rights Movement. The film features performances by John Legend, Joss Stone, The Roots, Blind Boys of Alabama, Richie Havens, Mary Mary, Anthony Hamilton and Wyclef Jean. Soundtrack for a Revolution had its international premiere at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, and its US premiere at Tribeca Film festival. The film was produced and distributed internationally by Wild Bunch and released theatrically in the U.S. by Area 23a, and later aired on PBS. Guttentag was nominated for WGA and Producers Guild Awards for the film, which also won awards at US and international film festivals. The film was short-listed for an Academy Award.
Guttentag's film, Knife Fight, which he directed and also wrote (with political consultant Chris Lehane), stars Rob Lowe, Jamie Chung, Julie Bowen, Carrie-Anne Moss, David Harbour, Eric McCormack, Jennifer Morrison, Michelle Krusiec, and Saffron Burrows. The film is about a Democratic political consultant and was released by IFC in January 2013. The film premiered at the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival, and also had special screenings at the 2012 Democratic National Convention and the John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Guttentag has directed commercials and other work for a number of Silicon Valley companies, including Google, Yahoo!, and MasterClass. He has been an advisor to MasterClass since before the company's launch and he directed the premiere class with author James Patterson. He also directed the third class with tennis star Serena Williams.
He has directed 8 films for HBO or Cinemax, including Nanking and Only the Dead See the End of War.
Guttentag has served on a number of film festival juries, including the Shanghai International Film Festival, The Odesa International Film Festival and the Morelia International Film Festival.
His film Only the Dead See the End of War premiered at the 2015 Telluride Film Festival and premiered on HBO in March 2016. He won an AACTA Award (Australian Academy Award) for Best Directing for a Documentary, and a Walkley Award (Australian Pulitzer) for the film. The film also won an AACTA for Best Documentary and was nominated for an Emmy Award in 2017.
Guttentag has shown his films and given lectures at many US and international universities, including: Yale, Harvard, the University of California, Berkeley; University of California, Los Angeles; the University of Pennsylvania; Peking University; Tsinghua University; Fudan University; Kyoto University; the Hong Kong Academy of Performing Arts; HEC Paris; and the Freie Universität Berlin. Other screenings include The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences; The Council on Foreign Relations; the Paley Center for Media; and the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Accolades
Guttentag's films have been selected for Sundance three times, Tribeca five times, Telluride twice, and have won awards at numerous American and international film festivals. They have also received a number of special screenings internationally and in the US, including at the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the Stanford Law School, the Harvard Kennedy School, and the White House.
Guttentag has received two Academy Awards, three additional Academy Award nominations, a Peabody Award, three Emmy Awards, two additional Emmy nominations, two Writers Guild Award nominations, a Producers Guild Award nomination, and a Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award.
He taught at the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design at Stanford (d.school).
Guttentag has been a lecturer at the Stanford Graduate School of Business since 2001.
Selected filmography
You Don't Have to Die (1988)
Crack USA: County Under Siege (1989)
The Cocaine War: Lost in Bolivia (1992)
Assassinated: the Last Days of Kennedy and King (1998)
Crime & Punishment (2002)
Twin Towers (2002)
Live! (2007)
Nanking (2007)
Soundtrack for a Revolution (2009)
Knife Fight (2012)
Only the Dead (2015)
Sublime (2019)
That Animal Rescue Show (2020)
Groomed (2021)
References
External links
American film producers
Living people
Directors of Best Documentary Short Subject Academy Award winners
American film directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Comitas declivis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
Description
The length of the shell attains 19 mm, its diameter 6.3 mm.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand. Fossils have been in Lower Pliocene strata (Waitotaran) near the mouth of the Waihi stream, Hāwera.
References
Powell, Arthur William Baden. "Waitotaran faunules of the Wanganui System and descriptions of new species of Mollusca from the New Zealand Pliocene." Records of the Auckland Institute and Museum 1.2 (1931): 85-112.
Maxwell, P.A. (2009). Cenozoic Mollusca. pp 232–254 in Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch
External links
Auckland Museum: Comitas declivis (holotype)
declivis
Gastropods described in 1931
Gastropods of New Zealand
Mike Posma (born December 16, 1967 in Medford, New Jersey) is an American former professional ice hockey player and former head coach. Posma was drafted by the St. Louis Blues in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft. He played professionally for the Utica Devils of the American Hockey League and later in Switzerland and Germany. He coached in Switzerland and Slovenia. With Slovenian club HDD Olimpija he got to the finals of EBEL league
Awards and honours
References
1967 births
Adler Mannheim players
ECH Chur players
HC Thurgau players
EHC Kloten players
Living people
People from Medford, New Jersey
SC Lyss players
St. Louis Blues draft picks
Utica Devils players
Western Michigan Broncos men's ice hockey players
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Anne Henslow Barnard (1833–1899) was a 19th-century botanical artist.
Biography
Anne Henslow was born in 1833. She was the youngest daughter of botanist and Cambridge University professor John Stevens Henslow and Harriet Jenyns, who was the daughter of clergyman George Leonard Jenyns and the sister of naturalist Leonard Jenyns. Her older sister Frances Harriet married botanist Joseph Dalton Hooker, and one of her brothers, George, became a professor of botany.
In 1859 she married army officer Robert Cary Barnard, who was the son of an old friend of her father's. They had eight children.
Barnard's father was one of the first Cambridge University professors to give illustrated lectures, for which he used poster-size illustrations. Some of these were based on rough sketches by Barnard that were then finished by the botanical artist Walter Hood Fitch.
She contributed plates to Curtis's Botanical Magazine in the years 1879–94. She also illustrated Daniel Oliver's 1864 Lessons in Elementary Biology, which was built on a manuscript left by her father. It stayed in print for several decades. Although her output was not large, she was considered a very fine botanical artist.
She died on 19 January 1899.
Gallery
Notes and references
1833 births
1899 deaths
Botanical illustrators
British illustrators
19th-century British women artists
2014–15 Oulun Kärpät season is the 30th season for Oulun Kärpät in Finnish Liiga.
Standings
Top six advanced straight to quarter-finals, while teams between 7th and 10th positions played wild card round for the final two spots. The Liiga is a closed series and thus there is no relegation.
Schedule and results
Oulun Kärpät season
The Willard Gallery was a contemporary art gallery operating in New York City from 1940 until 1987. It was founded by Marian Willard Johnson.
History
In 1936, Marian Guthrie Willard had founded the East River Gallery as an art rental gallery at 358 East 57 St. As Willard became "more and more interested in the development of individual artists" the idea of renting became less and less appealing and she officially closed the East River Gallery in 1938 to re-evaluate her direction. Willard spent 1938–1940 in association with J.B. Neumann who was turning to selling old masters to supplement the sale of contemporary art. In 1940, she found a small space next door to Curt Valentin's Bucholtz Gallery at 32 East 57th St. where she opened Willard Gallery.
Marian Willard Johnson wrote of her experience running the gallery:
In 1942, Willard married Dan Johnson and changed her surname to Willard Johnson, henceforth directing the gallery in partnership with her husband. In 1962 the gallery moved to its final location at 29 East 72 St. After Dan and Marian Johnson retired in 1970 their daughter, Miani Johnson, took directorship of the gallery until, again facing relocation, she closed it in 1987. Willard Gallery was a member of the Art Dealer's Association of America.
Exhibition history by artist last name
Group/theme shows
French-Canadian Primitives: November 30 – December 24, 1937
Art and Commerce: 1942
American Sculpture of Our Time: January 5 – 23, 1943
7 Years: Retrospective Exhibition: December 6 – 13, 1943
Atelier 17: May 15 – June 2, 1945
American Folk Art: September 28 – October 17, 1953; November 29 – December 31, 1955; October 15 – November 9, 1957; October 6 – 31, 1959; November 1 – 25, 1961
Japanese Screens: December 1, 1954 – January 8, 1955; October 30 – November 24, 1956; December 1 – 31, 1960
A Group of Exceptional Drawings: January 3 – 28, 1956
Salute to Modern Art, U.S.A: 1956
Sculpture, Various Times and Cultures: January 3 – 26, 1957
Indian Miniatures: 1957
Heroic Encounter: February 4 – March 1, 1958
CORE Auction: 1961
American Folk Art Stony Point Folk Art Gallery January 14 – February 15, 1964 January 7 – 31, 1965
Decoys: December 1 – 21, 1971
Introductions 1936–1948: January 3 – 27, 1962
Dynamics of Black and White: April 3 – 28, 1962
Opening show at 29 E 72: December 1963
Black, White, and Color: January 4 – 29, 1966
Willard Gallery 30th Anniversary: December 13 – January 7, 1967
Prints from Czechoslovakia: November 17 – December 19, 1970
Art for Peace: September 19 – 26, 1970
Intimate Selections of the American Spirit: March 16 – April 17, 1971
Dimensions: March 21 – April 15, 1972
Spring: April 25 – May 27, 1972
William Pettet, Fred Wardy, Randy Hardy, James Reineking: May 15 – June 16, 1973
Contemporary Drawings: December 4 – 29, 1973
New Talent Festival: June 4 – 15, 1974
Selections: February 7 – March 4, 1976
Abstract Images: January 4 – February 3, 1977
Jeffrey Lew, Joan Thorne, Robert Lobe, Michel Tetherow: May 19 – June 21, 1979
Whiter Black Drawings: December 1 – 23, 1982
Selected Drawings by Eleven Artists: September 14 – October 6, 1984
Willard Gallery 50th Anniversary
Part 1: April 10 – May 10, 1986
Part 2: May 15 – June 27, 1986
Drawings: December 6 – 24, 1986
Prints: February 5 – March 7, 1987
References
Defunct art museums and galleries in New York City
Edward August "Kickapoo" Kippert (January 23, 1879 – June 3, 1960) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in two games for the Cincinnati Reds in . He also played in the minor leagues from 1906 to 1916.
External links
Cincinnati Reds players
1879 births
1960 deaths
Baseball players from Detroit
Calumet Aristocrats players
Lethbridge Miners players
Spokane Indians players
Tacoma Tigers players
Vancouver Beavers players
Montreal Royals players
Aberdeen Black Cats players
Butte Miners players
Hancock Infants players
Philip Stanhope, 2nd Earl Stanhope, FRS (15 August 1714 – 7 March 1786) was a British peer.
The son of James Stanhope, 1st Earl Stanhope, and Lucy Pitt, he succeeded to his father's titles in 1721. He was a Fellow of the Royal Society from 1735, and had a lifelong interest in mathematics. He was elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society in 1774. He privileged the pursuit of science and mathematics over politics and became close to prominent natural philosophers such as Joseph Priestley and Benjamin Franklin. As a patron of various mathematicians, he came into contact with Thomas Bayes, one of the founders of Bayesian inference.
On 25 July 1745, he married Grizel Hamilton, daughter of Charles Hamilton, Lord Binning. They had two sons:
Philip Stanhope, Viscount Mahon (24 June 1746 – 6 July 1763).
Charles Stanhope, 3rd Earl Stanhope (3 August 1753 – 15 December 1816).
References
Sharon McGrayne The Theory That Would Not Die (Yale 2011) Ch 1.
1714 births
1786 deaths
Earls Stanhope
Fellows of the Royal Society
Members of the American Philosophical Society
The “European Local Democracy Week” is an annual event with national and local events organised by participating local authorities in all Council of Europe member States. The purpose is to foster the knowledge of local democracy and promote the idea of democratic participation at a local level. While the week is overseen by the Council of Europe, it is each local and regional community which organizes events centered on the selected theme.
Background
The week of October 15 is chosen every year for European Local Democracy Week as the European Charter of Local Self-Government was opened for signature by member states on that date in 1985 and the date is considered symbolic for European Local Democracy. In recognition of the fiftieth anniversary of the creation of the Conference of Local and Regional Authorities (the predecessor to today's Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, the first European Local Democracy Week took place in 2007.
Each year has had a unique and relevant theme for each community to work with which are very important on the local level with past themes including the issue of Sustainability on the local level. The theme for the European Local Democracy Week in 2011 was human rights at the local level. While the themes are universal for all of the local and regional communities, each community can interpret the theme is a manner that is more relevant to their specific needs. Events and activities organized can include poster campaigns, interactive websites, public meetings, exchanges, Open Days or specifically targeted events for different groups of people like children.
The leading theme in 2012 was human rights make for more inclusive communities. In 2012, some 150 partners from 29 countries joined the ELDW. For the first time, municipalities in Morocco and Tunisia also registered as ELDW partners, in order to strengthen local democracy. A total of 342 activities and events were organised by towns, cities, regions, national and international associations. Motivating citizens to take part in decision-making processes at the grassroots level will be at the center of the 2013 edition of the European Local Democracy Week, under the leading theme “active citizenship: voting, sharing, participating”. This theme has been endorsed by the new ELDW Political Co-ordinator, Congress Vice-President and member of the Municipal Council of Dubrovnik (Croatia), Dubravka Suica, further to a co-ordination meeting assembling representatives of European cities, regions and associations.
Since 2013, the European Parliament has held an entirely separate event for members of national parliaments under the name "European Parliamentary Week".
Purpose and main messages
While there are many goals and purposes behind the European Local Democracy Week, the primary ones are the following (as listed in the Council of Europe literature):
to strengthen links between elected representative and their communities
to boost participation in the democratic process
to involve citizens in community affairs
to increase their knowledge of local democratic institutions and processes
to have local authorities that listen and understand the needs and expectations of their citizens
to facilitate co-operation and the exchange of good practices between communities
The overriding messages to the annual event include:
to raise awareness of European citizens of the workings of democracy in their communities
to raise awareness of local councilors and their staff of citizens' needs and concerns
to stress that local democracy is one of the major components for buildings a united and democratic Europe
See also
Democracy Day in other countries
Parliament Week (United Kingdom)
References
External links
Resolution 238 2007: Proposition for a European Local Democracy Week
Official Website
About ELDW
Local government organizations
Council of Europe
Gary Maguire (born 26 June 1983) is an Irish former hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the senior Dublin county team.
Maguire made his first appearance for the team during the 2004 National League and has been Dublin's first-choice goalkeeper since then. Since then he has won one National Hurling League medal and one All-Star award. Maguire has been a runner-up in two Leinster finals.
At club level Maguire plays with Ballyboden St Enda's and has won five consecutive county club championship medals.
Playing career
Club
Maguire began his senior club career as a dual player with Ballyboden St Enda's; however, he gave up on Gaelic football to concentrate on his hurling career.
After facing some one-point defeats in a number of championship deciders, Ballyboden St Enda's reached the county final once again in 2007. A 2-13 to 1-5 trouncing of St Vincent's gave Ballyboden their first ever championship. It was a first championship medal for Maguire. Ballyboden St Enda's went on to dominate club hurling in Dublin for the rest of the decade. Subsequent county final defeats of Kilmacud Crokes, Craobh Chiaráin, St Vincent's again and O'Toole's gave Ballyboden a record-equaling five championship titles in-a-row. Maguire played a key role in goal in all of these victories, including being named Dublin Hurler of the Year in 2010.
Inter-county
Maguire first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as goalkeeper on the Dublin minor hurling team in 2000. He spent two seasons with the minors and enjoyed little success, having ended up on the losing side to Offaly in the 2000 Leinster final.
After later joining the Dublin under-21 team, Maguire featured when the team lost back-to-back provincial deciders in 2002 and 2003.
Maguire was still a member of the Dublin under-21 team when he made his senior debut in a National Hurling League game against Kilkenny. He made his championship debut later that same year in a Leinster quarter-final against Westmeath.
His first few championship seasons saw Dublin face some narrow losses in the provincial series of games, however, in 2009 Maguire's side qualified for a first Leinster final in eighteen years. A 2-18 to 0-18 score line gave victory to Kilkenny.
After a disappointing championship in 2010, 'the Dubs' qualified for the National League final in 2011, their first decider in over seventy years. A 0-22 to 1-7 defeat of Kilkenny gave Maguire a National League winners' medal. Both sides met again in the Leinster final that day, however, the result was reversed. A 4-17 to 1-15 score line gave victory to 'the Cats'. In spite of this defeat Dublin remained in the championship and reached an All-Ireland semi-final against reigning All-Ireland champions Tipperary. Maguire's side gave Tipp an almighty scare, however, the champions narrowly won by 1-19 to 0-18. Maguire finished off the season by winning his very first All-Star award.
Maguire retired from the inter-county scene after the 2018 season along with club mate Shane Durkin, Maguire bowed out having represented Dublin for 15 seasons.
Inter-provincial
Maguire has also been picked for the Leinster inter-provincial hurling team for the Railway Cup competition.
Honours
6 Dublin Senior Hurling Championship 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2013
1 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship 2013
1 All-Star 2011
1 National Hurling League Division 1 2011
1 National Hurling League Division 1B 2013
1 National Hurling League Division 2 2006
1 Railway Cup 2012
References
1983 births
Living people
Ballyboden St Enda's Gaelic footballers
Ballyboden St Enda's hurlers
Dual players
Dublin inter-county hurlers
Hurling goalkeepers
Leinster inter-provincial hurlers
FC Veles Moscow () is a Russian football team based in Moscow. It was founded in 2016 and entered amateur competitions. For 2017–18 season, it received the license for the third-tier Russian Professional Football League.
On 15 May 2020, the 2019–20 PFL season was abandoned due to COVID-19 pandemic in Russia. As Veles was leading in their PFL zone at the time, they were promoted to the second-tier FNL for the 2020–21 season.
Current squad
As of 8 September 2022, according to the First League website.
Out on loan
References
External links
Official site
Association football clubs established in 2016
Football clubs in Moscow
2016 establishments in Russia
Sherlock James Andrews (November 17, 1801 – February 11, 1880), was an American lawyer and congressman.
Life
He was born in Wallingford, Connecticut to Dr. John Andrews and Abigail Atwater.
He graduated from Union College, Schenectady, New York, in 1821 and studied law at Yale. He married Ursula McCurdy Allen on December 1, 1828, and settled in Cleveland, Ohio. He was an intricate part of the early development of Cleveland as the first president of the city council and the public library board. He advocated for and promoted the building of the Cleveland & Pittsburgh Railway. In 1840 he was elected to the Twenty-seventh Congress on the Whig platform. In 1842 health issues compelled him not to seek nomination for a second term. He was appointed Judge of the superior court of Cleveland which he served from 1848 to 1850. Lost election in 1851 to the Ohio Supreme Court. He was a delegate in the Ohio constitutional convention from 1850 to 1851. In 1859 at Wellington, Ohio he was one of the attorneys defending the men who rescued John Price from "slave catchers". His political career ended serving as a delegate on the constitutional convention of 1873.
He was United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio in 1867.
References
Sources
"Andrews, Sherlock James." Dictionary of American Biography. Vol. 1, Charles Scribner's Sons. 1928.
External links
1801 births
1880 deaths
People from Wallingford, Connecticut
American people of English descent
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ohio Republicans
Politicians from Cleveland
Lawyers from Cleveland
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1850)
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1873)
United States Attorneys for the Northern District of Ohio
Union College (New York) alumni
Yale Law School alumni
19th-century American lawyers
Kouakou Komenan (born 1942) is an Ivorian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1942 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Ivorian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Ivory Coast
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ptychochromis insolitus, also known as the Mangarahara cichlid or joba mena, is a species of cichlid endemic to certain river systems in northern Madagascar. This critically endangered fish is threatened by habitat loss and competition from introduced species; after the last-known female was killed during a breeding attempt, its conservation received significant international attention as London Zoo launched a media campaign to identify any remaining individuals. A remnant population was discovered by aquaculture entrepreneur Guy Tam Hyock in 2013, and breeding programs in Madagascar and at Toronto Zoo have resulted in thousands of successful hatchlings.
Description
The Mangarahara cichlid was first described as a new species in 2006 from the Amboaboa and Mangarahara Rivers near Mandritsara in northern Madagascar. Prior to its official description, it was sometimes known as Ptychochromis sp. nov. "Joba mena" or Ptychochromis sp. nov. "Mangarahara". "Joba mena" translates to "red girl," identifying the long, ragged, red-bordered fins of the male fish. This species can reach a standard length of 10 inches or 25.8cm. It was given the species name insolitus (the Latin word for 'queer' or 'unusual') in part because of its peculiar appearance, featuring long tooth- or comb-like structures called cteni on many of its scales. This name was also chosen because after identifying a wild-caught holotype specimen, researchers investigated two captive-raised individuals that strangely lacked several of the defining characteristics for which the species was described. Researchers suggested this could, among other possibilities, indicate an unrecorded hybridization event or the existence of an additional, similar species or subspecies.
Status
It was originally listed as Critically Endangered in 2006 when they were first described, but on further research they concluded that they were in fact Extinct in the Wild. It is listed as Extinct in the Wild by the IUCN, but until its rediscovery in 2013, it was feared that the last remaining wild population had disappeared as a result of ongoing habitat loss and competition from introduced species. Two cichlids from another genus, Paretroplus nourissati and P. gymnopreopercularis, along with a round herring, Sauvagella robusta, are restricted to the same region as Ptychochromis insolitus, and may be facing similar risks.
Although captive breeding programs have met with some success, and although it continues to occur in the wild, the habitat of this species remains under significant threat, and thus, opportunities for reintroduction remain unclear.
Conservation effort
In the 1990s, a French ichthyologist collected several specimens of the fish from its wild habitat. An anonymous hobbyist couple bred those specimens, and in 2002, the couple donated a dozen juvenile Mangarahara cichlids to London Zoo. At the time, little was known about the condition of the species' native habitat, and Brian Zimmerman, Chief Curator of the Zoological Society of London, believed that other institutions housed the species as well. Territoriality and rivalry among the maturing siblings contributed to several cichlid deaths, and by 2005, only two male individuals remained in the zoo's collection.
In 2006, London Zoo contacts in Madagascar reported that the Mangarahara River had dried up as a result of dam construction and water diversion for rice farming in the area. The fish was declared extinct in the wild. As the only institution with a female specimen of the cichlid in its care, Aquarium Berlin attempted to breed its male cichlid with its female cichlid in 2012. Approximately ten days after the two individuals were moved to a spawning tank, Aquarium Berlin announced that the male cichlid had killed its would-be mate.
In 2013, only three specimens were known to exist in captivity - two males in London Zoo and one male in Aquarium Berlin. Those in London Zoo were at least eleven years old, and little was known about the life expectancy of the species. London Zoo published an appeal in May 2013, asking for any information about potentially suitable female Mangarahara cichlids in private collections. After leads from collectors in Venezuela, China, Australia, Canada, and elsewhere did not surface any living cichlids, Zimmerman was contacted by hotelier, tilapia farmer, and "Fish Whisperer" Guy Tam Hyock. Guy Tam Hyock offered to show representatives from London Zoo to a small pond near Marotandrano where he believed a population of the fishes remained.
In late 2013, Toronto Zoo and London Zoo confirmed that a remnant population existed in the wild at the location Guy Tam Hyock specified. The last 18 wild individuals, including some females, were caught and moved to Guy Tam Hyock's conservation aquaculture facility in Andapa, Madagascar. Successful captive breeding was observed at said facility shortly thereafter, and in September 2014, several individuals were brought to Toronto Zoo. On Thursday, September 15, 2016, Toronto Zoo announced the cichlid had successfully bred at their facility, issuing at least 20 hatchlings.
References
9. Podcast https://www.oxfordsparks.ox.ac.uk/content/where-are-all-mangarahara-cichlid-hiding
insolitus
Freshwater fish of Madagascar
Fish described in 2006
One Thing or The One Thing may refer to:
Albums
The One Thing (album), a 1993 album by Michael Bolton
One Thing, a 1989 album by Sylvia Juncosa
Songs
"One Thing" (Alicia Keys song), 2012
"One Thing" (Finger Eleven song), 2003
"One Thing" (Gravity Kills song), 2002
"One Thing" (One Direction song), 2012
"1 Thing", a 2005 song by Amerie
"The One Thing" (song), a 1982 song by INXS
"The One Thing", a 2014 song by Shakira from the album Shakira
"One Thing", by Soulsavers from their 2015 album Angels & Ghosts
"One Thing", a song by Hellyeah from their 2007 album Hellyeah
Other uses
The One Thing (book), 2013 non-fiction self-help book
St. Petersburg Catholic High School is a private, co-educational Roman Catholic high school in St. Petersburg, Florida. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Petersburg. The campus was originally opened in February 1957 as Bishop Barry High School for boys. In 1973, Bishop Barry High School and the nearby Notre Dame Academy for girls merged to become St. Petersburg Catholic High School. (A decade earlier, St. Paul's High School for girls was merged into Notre Dame Academy.)
In July 1998, the Salesians of Don Bosco took over administration of the school. In March 2017, the Diocese of St. Petersburg announced that it would resume direct control through its Office of Catholic Schools and Centers.
Notable alumni
Chris Davis (wide receiver, born 1984), former professional football player
Bill Freehan, Class of 1959, former professional baseball player for the Detroit Tigers
John Kirby (admiral), Class of 1981, retired U.S. Navy rear admiral, assistant secretary of state for public affairs, deputy assistant secretary of defense for media operations
Marty Lyons, Class of 1975, former professional football player for New York Jets and collegiate football player at University of Alabama
Darryl Rouson, Florida State Representative and State Senator
Jock Sanders, Class of 2007, former professional football player – American football wide receiver; played for the West Virginia Mountaineers in college, was undrafted in the National Football League (NFL), and has played for several Canadian Football League (CFL) teams.
See also
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Petersburg
Salesians of Don Bosco
Clearwater Central Catholic High School
Tampa Catholic High School
Bishop McLaughlin Catholic High School
References
External links
School Website
School Facebook Page
Alumni Facebook Page
School Twitter Page
School Instagram Page
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Salesian secondary schools
High schools in Pinellas County, Florida
Education in St. Petersburg, Florida
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Petersburg
1957 establishments in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1957
Prokopyevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2002.
Geography
Prokopyevskaya is located 12 km south of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kuznetsovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
In digital image processing, morphological skeleton is a skeleton (or medial axis) representation of a shape or binary image, computed by means of morphological operators.
Morphological skeletons are of two kinds:
Those defined by means of morphological openings, from which the original shape can be reconstructed,
Those computed by means of the hit-or-miss transform, which preserve the shape's topology.
Skeleton by openings
Lantuéjoul's formula
Continuous images
In (Lantuéjoul 1977), Lantuéjoul derived the following morphological formula for the skeleton of a continuous binary image :
,
where and are the morphological erosion and opening, respectively, is an open ball of radius , and is the closure of .
Discrete images
Let , , be a family of shapes, where B is a structuring element,
, and
, where o denotes the origin.
The variable n is called the size of the structuring element.
Lantuéjoul's formula has been discretized as follows. For a discrete binary image , the skeleton S(X) is the union of the skeleton subsets , , where:
.
Reconstruction from the skeleton
The original shape X can be reconstructed from the set of skeleton subsets as follows:
.
Partial reconstructions can also be performed, leading to opened versions of the original shape:
.
The skeleton as the centers of the maximal disks
Let be the translated version of to the point z, that is, .
A shape centered at z is called a maximal disk in a set A when:
, and
if, for some integer m and some point y, , then .
Each skeleton subset consists of the centers of all maximal disks of size n.
Performing Morphological Skeletonization on Images
Morphological Skeletonization can be considered as a controlled erosion process. This involves shrinking the image until the area of interest is 1 pixel wide. This can allow quick and accurate image processing on an otherwise large and memory intensive operation. A great example of using skeletonization on an image is processing fingerprints. This can be quickly accomplished using bwmorph; a built-in Matlab function which will implement the Skeletonization Morphology technique to the image.
The image to the right shows the extent of what skeleton morphology can accomplish. Given a partial image, it is possible to extract a much fuller picture. Properly pre-processing the image with a simple Auto Threshold grayscale to binary converter will give the skeletonization function an easier time thinning. The higher contrast ratio will allow the lines to join in a more accurate manner. Allowing to properly reconstruct the fingerprint.
skelIm = bwmorph(orIm,'skel',Inf); %Function used to generate Skeletonization Images
Notes
References
Image Analysis and Mathematical Morphology by Jean Serra, (1982)
Image Analysis and Mathematical Morphology, Volume 2: Theoretical Advances by Jean Serra, (1988)
An Introduction to Morphological Image Processing by Edward R. Dougherty, (1992)
Ch. Lantuéjoul, "Sur le modèle de Johnson-Mehl généralisé", Internal report of the Centre de Morph. Math., Fontainebleau, France, 1977.
Scott E. Umbaugh (2018). Digital Image Processing and Analysis, pp 93-96. CRC Press.
Mathematical morphology
Digital geometry
The Kongu Arts and Science College is an arts and science college in Nanjanapuram, Erode, Tamil Nadu, India, founded in 1994. The college is managed by a Trust, which also includes Kongu Engineering College, Kongu Polytechnic College, Kongu Industrial Training Center, and the Kongu National Matriculation Hr. School.
The Kongu Arts and Science College is an educational institution in Erode, re-accredited by NAAC (2013), offering programmes in the arts and science stream. It is a co-educational institution affiliated to Bharathiar University, Coimbatore, and is run by the Kongu Vellalar Institute of Technology Trust, Perundurai. It is an autonomous from the year 2016. The trust has secured the approval of the Government of Tamil Nadu and of the Bharathiar University. The professional courses offered have been approved by the AICTE (All India Council for Technical Education). The college has an area of 27.24 acres with a student strength of around 4600 and a staff strength of around 200.
History
The Kongu Vellalar Institute of Technology Trust was founded on 5 October 1983 by forty one philanthropists of Kongu Vellalar Community. The institutions established by the Trust are Kongu Polytechnic College in 1983, Kongu Engineering College in 1984, Kongu Arts and Science College in 1994, Kongu Industrial Training Center in 1997 and Kongu National Matriculation Higher Secondary School in 2002. All the institutions are diligently marching forward towards the pinnacle of glory by their remarkable achievements and laurels in the diverse fields of education.
Academic departments
Languages
Tamil
English
Hindi
Science
PG Computer Science
UG Computer Science
Computer Applications
Computer Tech. & Information Tech.
Mathematics
Costume Design & Fashion
Biochemistry
Biotechnology
Catering Science & Hotel Management
Physics
Psychology
Humanities
Management Science PG
Business Administration
Business Administration (CA)
Commerce
Commerce CA
Corporate Secretaryship
Professional Accounting
Social Work
Banking and Insurance
External links
Official website
Universities and colleges in Erode district
Education in Erode
Educational institutions established in 1994
1994 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Brigadier General Tafari Benti (; 11 October 1921 – 3 February 1977) was an Ethiopian military officer and politician who served as head of state of Ethiopia from 1974 to 1977 in his role as second chairman of the Derg, the ruling military junta. His official title was Chairman of the Provisional Military Administrative Council.
Early life and career
Tafari Benti was born near Addis Ababa to an Oromo father and an Amhara mother. He joined the Ethiopian Army at the age of 20, graduated from the Holetta Military Academy, and served in the Second, Third and Fourth Divisions of the army. In 1967, he served as a military attaché in Washington, D.C. where he and several other Ethiopian colleagues suffered from racial discrimination.
On 23 November 1974, Lt. General Aman Mikael Andom, the first chairman of the Derg and acting head of state, who had been in a struggle for power with the other members of the Derg, was killed in a shootout at his home. Mengistu Haile Mariam served as interim chairman until the Derg appointed Tafari to the position. He had been serving as brigadier general in the Fourth Division, which was stationed in Asmara, at the time of his appointment.
Tenure
During his tenure, Tafari presented himself as the public face of the ruling junta. According to the Ottaways, while at first, he was "a neutral and powerless figure", in the end "he was too colorless, soft-spoken, and undemonstrative to be the figurehead of the revolution." However, according to Rene LaFort's account, Tafari offered some hints that he supported those opposed to Mengistu. One such hint was in July 1975, when in a public speech he made overtures to the civilian left—groups which included the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party (EPRP) and MEISON—proposing a united front "of all the forces that rejected the ancient regime, built from the base, that is from the mass organizations born of the great reforms"; LaFort points out that this was "a strategy which Mengistu Haile Mariam and his supporters opposed and would continue to oppose more and more resolutely." He repeated this message in a speech on the first anniversary of the deposition of Emperor Haile Selassie.
During his mandate, he constituted the public face of the Government Board, delivering the public announcements of the Derg. Among which was an announcement made on 11 September 1975, in which the Derg declared it would create a political party to support its objectives aligned with the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. During his government, in March 1975, the monarchy would finally be officially abolished, proclaiming its replacement by a socialist government of Marxist-Leninist inspiration.
Over the following months, according to LaFort the Derg was split over irreconcilable objectives: "How could the authority of the Committee be strengthened while avoiding the dangers of authoritarianism, and how could the principles of collegiality be maintained while gaining maximum benefit from a concentration of power?" And behind this split was concern at Mengistu's growing power. To end this split, the Derg set up a committee chaired by Captain Mogus Wolde Mikael to reform the Derg's structure. After nine weeks of what LaFort describes as "strenuous internal negotiations", on 29 December 1976 Tafari delivered a speech, announcing that the Derg had been restructured. The reorganization limited Mengistu's powers and sent his supporters out of the capital to positions in the countryside; on the other hand, two of the key architects of this reform, Captain Mogus and Captain Almayahu Haile, were appointed to powerful positions. His enemies had thought they had clipped Mengistu's wings and had removed him as a threat. Tafari went even further and, flanked by Captains Mogus and Almayahu, criticized the lack of a vanguard party in words which LaFort interprets as declaring "the bloody war between MEISON and the EPRP to be politically unjustifiable, and that it should, in any case, remain limited to the civilian Left without the army intervening in any way."
In 1976, open clashes between members of the two largest Marxist-Leninist organizations began in the country. They grew into the murders of supporters of Mengistu and government employees. Thus, trade union leaders Theodoros Bekel and Themeslin Medé were killed. In September 1976, EPRP members made an assassination attempt on Mengistu himself, which enraged the latter.
Death
Despite this apparent setback, Mengistu proved to be far more resourceful than his opponents believed. He conspired with his longtime friend and ally Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Asfaw to round up Tafari and other Derg members suspected of conspiring with the EPRP. During a routine meeting on 3 February 1977, Tafari and the other Derg members suspected of conspiring with the EPRP were arrested by soldiers under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel. According to the memoirs of Fikre Selassie Wogderess, they were then led into a dark garage located in the compound and locked up. Fikre Selassie was also present at the meeting and was mistakenly arrested along with Tafari and the other suspect Derg members. However, Daniel arrived at the garage in time and released Fikre before the summary execution of the others. Shortly thereafter soldiers armed with automatic weapons and silencers arrived and assassinated Tafari and the suspect Derg members: Lieutenant Alemayehu Haile, Captain Mogus Wolde Michael, Corporal Hailu Belay, Lieutenant Colonel Asrat Desta, Lieutenant Colonel Hiruy Haile Selassie and Captain Tefera Deneke. Later, in the evening, a shootout opened in the same compound by another suspected EPRP conspirator Major Yohannes Tiku, where he killed Lieutenant Colonel Daniel and Senay Likke. Major Yohannes was also killed in the shootout.
Shortly afterwards, Radio Ethiopia broadcast a charge by Mengistu that Tafari and his associates had been killed because they were secret supporters of the EPRP. Mengistu claimed he had discovered a 47-page master plan in Tafari's possession, which detailed how the EPRP would replace the "scientific socialism" of the Derg.
Notes
1921 births
1977 deaths
Presidents of Ethiopia
Deaths by firearm in Ethiopia
Ethiopian communists
Communist rulers
People of the Eritrean War of Independence
Leaders ousted by a coup
1977 murders in Ethiopia
Oromo people
People of the Ethiopian Civil War
Military attachés
The Truth in Caller ID Act of 2009 is an Act of the United States Congress that generally makes it illegal to use false Caller ID information for a call with the intent to defraud or scam a called party. The Act makes exceptions for certain law-enforcement purposes. Callers are also still allowed to preserve their anonymity by choosing to block all outgoing caller ID information on their phone lines. Caller ID spoofing is generally illegal in the United States if done "with the intent to defraud, cause harm, or wrongfully obtain anything of value"
Under the act, which also targets caller ID spoofing on VOIP services, it is illegal "to cause any caller identification service to knowingly transmit misleading or inaccurate caller identification information with the intent to defraud, cause harm, or wrongfully obtain anything of value...." Forfeiture penalties or criminal fines of up to $10,000 per violation (not to exceed $1,000,000) could be imposed. The law maintains an exemption for blocking one's own outgoing caller ID information, and the government itself isn't affected.
History
On April 6, 2006, Congressmen Eliot Engel (D-N.Y.) and Joe Barton (R-Tex.) introduced H.R. 5126, a bill that would have made caller ID spoofing a crime. Dubbed the "Truth in Caller ID Act of 2006", the bill would have outlawed causing "any caller identification service to transmit misleading or inaccurate caller identification information" via "any telecommunications service or IP-enabled voice service." Law enforcement was exempted from the rule. Three weeks later, an identical bill was introduced in the Senate. On June 6, 2006, the House of Representatives passed the Truth in Caller ID Act, although no Senate action was taken on either the House or Senate bill. At the end of the 109th Congress, the bill expired (all pending legislation not voted into law at the end of the House term, a.k.a. end of a session of Congress, is dead).
On January 5, 2007, Congressman Engel introduced H.R. 251, and Senator Bill Nelson (D-Fla.) introduced a similar bill (S.704) two months later. On June 27, 2007, the United States Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation approved and submitted to the Senate calendar S.704, a bill that would have made caller ID spoofing a crime. Dubbed the "Truth in Caller ID Act of 2007", the bill would have outlawed causing "any caller identification service to transmit misleading or inaccurate caller identification information" via "any telecommunications service or IP-enabled voice service." Law enforcement was exempted from the rule. Engel's bill passed in the House of Representatives. Engel's bill was referred to the same Senate committee that approved S.704. The Senate again passed neither version of the legislation.
In the 111th Congress, Congressman Engel and Senator Nelson once again introduced similar versions of the Caller ID legislation, H.R. 1258. The bill was reintroduced in the Senate on January 7, 2009, as S.30, the Truth in Caller ID Act of 2009, and referred to the same committee. The Senate and the House both passed their respective versions of the legislation, but on December 15, 2010 the House passed S.30 and sent the legislation to the President for a signature. On December 22, 2010, President Obama signed the bill into law.
Notable applications
The New York Times sent the number 111-111-1111 for all calls made from its offices until 15 August 2011. The fake number was intended to prevent the extensions of its reporters appearing in call logs, and thus protect reporters from having to divulge calls made to anonymous sources. The Times abandoned this practice because of the proposed changes to the caller ID law, and because many companies were blocking calls from the well-known number.
In November 2020, Kenneth Moser and his company, Marketing Support Systems, was fined $10 million for sending out 47,610 unlawful robocalls on May 30 and May 31, 2020. The calls attempted to discredit California State Assembly candidate Philip Graham by planting a story Graham attempted to grope and kiss a woman in a bar. A San Diego County Sheriff's Department investigation concluded that the allegations were false. The FCC said Moser violated the federal Truth in Caller ID Act by manipulating caller ID information to make it appear the recorded calls were coming from another firm called HomeyTel.
References
Caller ID
Telemarketing
Deception
Confidence tricks
United States federal communications legislation
Acts of the 111th United States Congress
The Dolphin Flag of Anguilla was adopted on September 29, 1967, after the colony (then part of Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla) unilaterally declared independence from the United Kingdom as the Republic of Anguilla. It depicted three orange dolphins in a circle on a white background with a turquoise stripe at the bottom. It was used until March 19, 1969, when British rule was restored.
The white background on the flag represents peace. The turquoise stripe represents the Caribbean Sea. The three dolphins represent endurance, unity, and strength, and their circular arrangement represents community.
The flag was designed by Marvin Oberman and Lydia Gumbs. It replaced the earlier "Mermaid Flag" of Anguilla, designed by Scott Newhall, which had been in use since July 23, 1967.
Although no longer official, the Dolphin Flag is still flown today.
See also
Flag of Anguilla – the current territorial flag of Anguilla
References
National symbols of Anguilla
Flags introduced in 1967
Unofficial flags
Flags displaying animals
Mazengia Demma Soru (Ge'ez: ማዘንግያ ደማ ሶሩ; born July 26, 1970) is an Ethiopian businessman and investor. He has business interests in international trade and gemstone mining.
References
Living people
1970 births
Ethiopian businesspeople
William F. Carollo (born November 27, 1951) is a retired American football official who officiated National Football League (NFL) games from 1989 through 2008. He wore uniform number 63. Carollo officiated in two Super Bowls and eight conference championship games. After the 2008 season, he became the Director of Officiating for the Big Ten Conference.
Personal
Early life
A native of Brookfield, Wisconsin, Carollo attended high school at Brookfield Central High School where he graduated in 1970. Following high school, he attended University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee (UWM) and graduated in 1974 with a degree in industrial relations. At UWM, he was the starting quarterback for the school's football team from 1970 to 1973.
Family
Carollo currently resides in Shorewood, Wisconsin and is married and has four children.
Other professions
Carollo worked as an international account executive for 30 years at IBM before becoming Vice President of Global Sales for Milwaukee, Wisconsin based Manpower Inc.
Officiating career
Early years
Carollo began his officiating career working Wisconsin high school football, basketball, and baseball games. He joined college football's Big Ten Conference, where he stayed for ten years and included a selection to work the 1988 Rose Bowl Game. In addition to officiating football games in the Big Ten, he was a basketball referee from 1982 to 1988. For a period of time, he also served as the Milwaukee Brewers Official Scorer for the American League.
National Football League
Carollo started in the NFL as a side judge and officiated Super Bowl XXX in 1996 at that position, then became a referee (crew chief) for the start of the 1997 NFL season after Red Cashion and Howard Roe announced their retirements. Carollo was assigned to work his first post-season as referee during the 1998-99 NFL playoffs and later made his second appearance in the Super Bowl at Super Bowl XXXVII in 2003. Before he officiated Super Bowl XXXVII, Mike Pereira, the NFL's director of officiating, said of Carollo, "Bill is just perfect in the management of a game. He understands how to handle coaches, players and a team of seven officials. He's terrific at that." In addition, he was the alternate referee of Super Bowl XXXVIII.
While serving as referee of the 1999 NFC Championship game between Tampa Bay and St. Louis, Carollo overturned a catch by Tampa Bay's Bert Emanuel, that later led to the adoption of the Bert Emanuel Rule. The play consisted of Bert Emanuel making what was ruled a catch at St. Louis' 22-yard line with 47 seconds left in the game and the Buccaneers down by 5. After review, Carollo ruled that the tip of the ball had touched the ground, and even though Emanuel maintained control of the football, Carollo had to rule it an incomplete pass. This led to the NFL clarifying the definitions of both a catch and an incomplete pass, as to avoid this scenario replaying itself in the future. This is known as the Bert Emanuel Rule.
He served as the director of the NFL Referees Association, the union representing NFL officials, from 2000 to March 1, 2006. He was the center of the negotiations that took place during the 2001 NFL season where there was a work stoppage by game officials. The NFL and its game officials eventually agreed on September 19, 2001 to a new six-year Collective Bargaining Agreement that ended a two-week lockout of the regular officials, who returned to work on September 23, 2001.
Carollo was also the referee of the Houston Texans' inaugural game against the Dallas Cowboys on September 8, 2002.
On November 18, 2007, Carollo became the first referee in 35 years to officiate a game for the same team in back-to-back weeks during the New England-Buffalo game. Bill Leavy was scheduled to officiate the November 11th Buffalo-Miami game, but fell ill. Carollo served as the referee for that contest using Leavy's crew.
In August 2008, Carollo announced he would retire as an NFL referee at the end of the 2008 NFL season to become the Director of Officiating for the Big Ten Conference. His final assignment was for the AFC Championship game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Baltimore Ravens on January 18, 2009. Don Carey, brother of NFL referee Mike Carey, was promoted from back judge to take Carollo's place as a crew chief.
In Carollo's twenty-year NFL career he officiated in two Super Bowls, a third SB as alternate referee, eight NFL Conference Championships and one Pro Bowl. Currently Bill is Director of Officiating for the Big Ten, Mid-American and Missouri Valley football conferences. This new officiating alliance, Midwest Football Officials Alliance was created in 2009 and headquartered in Park Ridge, IL.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20070929132722/http://www.wisgolfer.com/cms/content/view/15/7/
https://web.archive.org/web/20081006162616/http://www.fredericknewspost.com/sections/archives/display_detail.htm?StoryID=67519
1951 births
Living people
College football officials
National Football League officials
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee alumni
IBM employees
People from Brookfield, Wisconsin
Milwaukee Panthers football players
People from Shorewood, Wisconsin
Aponjon is a drama revenge television series, which started airing from 6 July 2015 on Colors Bangla at 8:30 pm from Monday to Saturday. The show produced by Surinder Films, starred Rajdeep Gupta, who was popular portraying the character of Ishan on Ogo Bodhu Sundori, Nabanita, Debjani Modak, Bharat Kaul, Dwaipayan Das in lead roles. Some parts of the show have been canned in the hills of North Kolkata.
Cast
Rajdeep Gupta as Sam
Nabanita Malakar as Siuli
Debjani Modak as Antara
Bharat Kaul
Dwaipayan Das
Sohini Sanyal
Jayashree Mukherjee
Shankar Chakraborty
Kushal Chakraborty
Sanjib Mondal
References
Bengali-language television programming in India
2015 Indian television series debuts
Indian drama television series
2016 Indian television series endings
Colors Bangla original programming
There are seven Roman roads (Voie romaine) in the Nord département in France.
Départementale 52
The Steen-straete, also called départementale 52 (RD52 or D52), is a road between Cassel and the sea. It was at a time a Roman road, north-south direction extending from Boëseghem, passing by Cassel to the sea. Now it is leading to Dunkirk. This road could have preceded the Romans.
It forms the villages limit between Ledringhem and Arnèke, between Zegerscappel and Esquelbecq and between Pitgam-Steene and Crochte.
Départementale 238
From Boëseghem to Cassel, the section is now départementale (RD 238 or D238).
Communauté de communes de la Voie romaine
There is a Communauté de communes in Nord département called Communauté de communes de la Voie romaine, gathering the villages of Boëseghem, Morbecque, Steenbecque and Thiennes.
References
Routes départementales in France
History of Nord (French department)
Roman roads in Gaul
Transport in Hauts-de-France
Fernand Palma d'Artois, O.C.D. (1623–1701) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Vicar Apostolic of Great Mogul (1696–1701) and Titular Archbishop of Ancyra (1696–1701).
Biography
Fernand Palma d'Artois was born on 2 January 1623 in Naples, Italy and ordained a priest in the Order of Discalced Carmelites.
In September 1696, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XII as Titular Archbishop of Ancyra.
On 16 September 1696, he was consecrated bishop by Domenico Belisario de Bellis, Bishop of Molfetta, with serving as co-consecrators.
On 20 September 1696, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XII as Vicar Apostolic of Great Mogul.
He served as Vicar Apostolic of Great Mogul until his death on 3 January 1701.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Roman Catholic titular bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent XII
1623 births
1701 deaths
Discalced Carmelites
The Harwell Synchrocyclotron was a particle accelerator based at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment campus near Harwell, Oxfordshire. Construction of the accelerator began in 1946 and it was completed in 1949. The machine was of the synchrocyclotron design, with a 1.62T magnet of diameter 110" (2.8m) allowing protons to be accelerated to energies of 160-175MeV. Accelerator physicist John Adams, who later went on to lead design of CERN's SPS, was instrumental in the design and construction of this machine. Its main function was basic nuclear and particle physics research, with a focus on proton-proton and proton-neutron scattering.
Comparisons were frequently drawn between the second cyclotron at the Harvard Cyclotron Laboratory and the Harwell Synchrocyclotron, and in 1974 clinicians from Oxford's Radcliffe Infirmary led by Dr T Hockaday floated plans to replicate the proton therapy work carried out at Massachusetts General Hospital with the accelerator. Initial preclinical research took place, including the measurement of proton beams in tissue equivalent plastics as part of the development of phantom materials by researchers at St Bartholomew's Hospital. Interest in this project continued into 1978, when the MRC met to make a funding decision. No clinical trials ever took place and decommissioning of the former AERE site began in the 1990s. Demolition of Hangar 7, which housed both the synchrocyclotron and the ZETA nuclear fusion project, was completed during financial year 2005/2006.
References
External links
Drawing of the cyclotron pit (Archived version) (Alternate location)
1946 establishments in the United Kingdom
1949 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Buildings and structures in Oxfordshire
Particle physics facilities
Research institutes in Oxfordshire
Edward Joseph Albert Kotowich (May 31, 1934 – December 11, 1986) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1958, 1959 and 1961. He died of a stroke in 1986, aged 52. He earned the nickname "The Mauler" for his ferocious play.
A Winnipeg product, Ed Kotowich came to the Bombers from the Winnipeg Rods junior program and spent seven years with the team, appearing in three Grey Cups and earning West All-Star honours in 1959. But it's what he did after he retired that led to an award – the "Ed Kotowich Good Guy Award" for "football ability, team camaraderie, and extraordinary effort off the field" – being named in his honour.
During his playing career, it was entirely normal that players held down non-sports jobs in addition to playing. That nearly resulted in Ed not achieving some of his most memorable moments as a Blue Bomber. Just prior to the 1959 season, he announced his retirement from the game in order to ready himself for a promotion in his regular job and a possible transfer. As it turned out, he returned to play in 1959 and for a few more seasons thereafter. For his part in winning the 47th edition of the Grey Cup (in 1959!), Ed was named to the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame as part of that year's team.
When he finished playing, Kotowich returned to the Rods as an assistant coach and later worked with the minor football programs at Winakwa and Windsor Park. He also served as an alderman for the City of St. Boniface between 1968 (when he was elected by acclamation ) and 1977 while serving on a number of community boards including as Chairman of Winnipeg Enterprises Corporation, the St. Boniface Parks Board, the St. Boniface Museum, and Knights of Columbus.
During his time as a city councilor in the recently amalgamated Greater Winnipeg, in 1974, he was publicly upset that the provincial government of the day reneged on an apparent promise to provide financing to the Winnipeg Jets. Then, 1975 saw him involved in a public exchange with Ben Hatskin about the potential (or not) of a sale of the Winnipeg Arena to the newly arrived Winnipeg Jets of the then relatively newly-formed World Hockey Association.
He died in 1986 at the age of 52 after suffering a stroke.
He is recognized as a "Memorable Manitoban" by the Manitoba Historical Society and their biography elaborates many of his contributions that followed his football career.
He has a lot to say about the progression of professional football from the time he broke into it in the 1950s and the time he had retired and was coaching Junior ball. He decided he would not have made the grade.
Ed Kotowich "Good Guy" Award Winners Through the Years
Awarded for the first time in 1987, and initially involving a separate bursary for young amateur players, the Winnipeg Blue Bombers Football Club now makes the award on an annual basis to a deserving member of the professional squad.
The winners have been:
2019 - Thomas Miles
2018 - Matthias Goosen (He was a CFL Players Association All-Star in 2017 and named to the CFL All-Star Team in 2018 )
2017 - Jake Thomas
2016 - Matthias Goosen (See notes for his repeat win in 2018)
2015 – Matt Bucknor
2014 – Chris Greaves
2013 – Hénoc Muamba (Active in 2019; 2013 CFL All-Star, 2013 & 2018 CFL East All-Star)
2012 – Chris Cvetkovic
2011 – Buck Pierce
2010 – Doug Brown
2009 – Jon Oosterhuis
2008 – Ibrahim “Obby” Khan
2007 – Milt Stegall
2006 – Chris Cvetkovic
2005 – Milt Stegall
2004 – Matt Sheridan
2003 – Moe Elewonibi
2002 – Dave Mudge
2001 – Brett MacNeil
2000 – Troy Westwood
1999 – Dave Vankoughnett
1998 – Glen Scrivener
1997 – Wade Miller
1996 – Wade Miller
1995 – Miles Gorrell
1994 – Matt Pearce
1993 – Matt Dunigan
1992 – Darryl Sampson
1991 – Matt Pearce
1990 – Rod Hill
1989 – Perry Tuttle
1988 – Trevor Kennerd
1987 – Vernon Pahl and Tony Paukovic
References
1934 births
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
1986 deaths
Chepino Saddle (, ‘Chepinska Sedlovina' \'che-pin-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is the saddle of elevation 2526 m in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, linking Probuda Ridge to the southwest to Bangey Heights to the northeast. It is part of the glacial divide between Embree Glacier to the north and Ellen Glacier to the south.
The saddle is named after the settlement of Chepino in Western Bulgaria and the homonymous Chepino Valley in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Chepino Saddle is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Chepino Saddle. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Chepino Saddle. Copernix satellite image
Mountain passes of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Growing pains are recurring pain symptoms that are relatively common in children ages 3 to 12. The pains normally appear at night and affect the calf or thigh muscles of both legs. The pain stops on its own before morning.
Growing pains are one of the most common causes of recurring pain in children. Although these pains reliably stop when the child has completely finished growing, it likely has nothing to do with growth.
Signs and symptoms
Growing pains usually affect both legs, especially the calf muscle in the lower leg or the muscles in the front of the thighs. Less commonly, the arms are affected. They are normally felt on both sides. Typically, the pains are felt in the muscles, rather than in the joints. The amount of pain varies from mild to very severe.
The pains may start in the evening or at night. Because the pains normally appear while the child is sleeping, they often wake the child up at night. The pains often last for 30 minutes to two hours, and are often but not always gone by the morning. Typically, the pains appear once or twice each week, but it can be more frequent or less frequent.
The pains are not in the same place as an injury, including overuse injuries such as shin splints, and the child does not limp while walking.
Cause
The causes of growing pains are unknown. They are not associated with growth spurts, and some authors suggest alternative terms as providing a more accurate description, such as recurrent limb pain in childhood, paroxysmal nocturnal pains, or benign idiopathic paroxysmal nocturnal limb pains of childhood.
Theories of causation include:
poor posture or other mechanical or anatomical defects, such as joint hypermobility;
vascular perfusion disorder,
lower pain threshold or a pain amplification syndrome,
tiredness, perhaps especially among children with weaker bones than average who have overexerted themselves; and
psychological factors, such as stress within the family.
Some parents are able to associate episodes of pain with physical exercise or mood changes in the child.
Diagnosis
This diagnosis is normally made by considering the information presented by the child and family members, and by doing a physical exam to make sure that the child seems to be otherwise healthy. When the child has the typical symptoms and appears to be healthy, then laboratory investigations to exclude other diagnoses is not warranted.
When a child has growing pains, there are no objective clinical signs of inflammation, such as swollen joints. Children with growing pains do not have signs of any systemic diseases (such as fever or skin rashes), any abnormal pain sensations, tender spots, or joint disorders. Children do not have growing pains if the pain worsens over time, persists during the daytime, only involves one limb, or is located in a joint. It should be excluded if the child is limping, loses the ability to walk, or has physical signs that suggest other medical conditions.
Childhood-onset restless legs syndrome is sometimes misdiagnosed as growing pains. Other possible causes of pain in the limbs include injuries, infections, benign tumors such as osteoid osteoma, malignant tumors such as osteosarcoma, and problems that affect the shape and function of the legs, such as genu valgum (knock-knees).
Treatment
Parents and children can be substantially reassured by explaining the benign and self-limiting nature of the pains. Local massage, hot baths, hot water bottles or heating pads, and analgesic drugs such as paracetamol (acetaminophen) are often used during pain episodes. Twice-daily stretching of the quadriceps, hamstrings, and gastrosoleus muscles can make the leg pains resolve more quickly when it appears.
Prognosis
Growing pains are not associated with other serious disease and usually resolves by late childhood. Commonly, episodes of growing pains become less severe and less frequent over time, and many children outgrow them after one or two years.
Frequent episodes are capable of having a substantial effect on the life of the child.
Epidemiology
Growing pains likely affect about 10 to 20% of children, and the rate may be as high as about 40% among children aged four to six. Individuals can vary markedly in when they experience growing pains.
History
Growing pains were first described as such in 1823 by a French doctor, Marcel Duchamp, and the cause was attributed to the growth process. A century later, mainstream medicine thought that the pains were caused by a mild case of rheumatic fever.
See also
Cramp
Weather pains
References
External links
Pain
Childhood
State Highway 111 (SH 111) is a state highway that runs from Gonzales to Midfield in the southeastern region of the U.S. state of Texas.
Route description
SH 111 begins at a junction with U.S. Route 183 in the unincorporated community of Hochheim. Officially, the route extends northwest with U.S. 183 to Gonzales, but that portion is not currently measured or mapped as part of the route and is not signed as such. The route travels east to Yoakum, crossing U.S. 90 Alternate, before traveling into downtown Yoakum. The route then turns southeast toward a junction with Future I-69/U.S. 59 at Edna. The route then turns due east, crossing over Lake Texana, before reaching its terminus at SH 71 at Midfield.
History
SH 111 was originally numbered on August 10, 1925 on a route beginning at Hallettsville, and travelling southeast to Edna and continuing to Lolita, before turning east to SH 59 east of Blessing, just south of Midfield, following the rail line of the St. Louis, Brownsville, and Mexico Railway. On September 17, 1930, the section from Francitas eastward was transferred to rerouted SH 58 (an alternate route to Ganado). On April 3, 1931, the section from Lolita to Francitas was cancelled, and SH 111 was rerouted southward before reaching Blessing to end at SH 57 in Weedhaven. On January 20, 1932, SH 111 was rerouted through Ganado (replacing the alternate route of SH 58), and extended south from SH 57 to Olivia. On August 2, 1932, it was rerouted back to its previous route to Edna, and the old route to Ganado was redesignated as SH 172. On October 26, 1932, the route was conditionally designated over most of that routing, with an extension from Hallettsville west to Gonzales. On September 18, 1933, a section from Hallettsville to Eagle Lake was added, and the section from Hallettsville to Edna was cancelled. On November 22, 1933, the road from Gonzales to Eagle Lake was renumbered as SH 200. On January 9, 1934, the routing was redesignated over its current routing from Midfield to Edna (with part the old route being transferred to an extension of SH 172). On October 22, 1935, SH 111 was planned to be extended to Yoakum, and the extension was designated on September 21, 1937. On September 26, 1939, SH 111 was extended west to Hochheim over a section of SH 95. The route was not completed between Yoakum and Edna until the late 1940s. On October 4, 1968, SH 111 was extended north to Gonzales concurrent with U.S. 183.
Major intersections
References
Transportation in Gonzales County, Texas
Transportation in DeWitt County, Texas
Transportation in Lavaca County, Texas
Transportation in Jackson County, Texas
Transportation in Matagorda County, Texas
111
The 2015 Melaka United Season is Melaka United's 5th season playing football in the Malaysia FAM League since its inception after being relegated from Malaysia Premier League in 2010. They won the league this season and was promoted to Malaysia Premier League next season by topping the Group B table and won the cup by beating Perlis 3-2 in the final.
Malaysia FAM League
League table
Final
Malaysia FA Cup
Melaka United were eliminated in the First Round (Round of 32) of the 2015 Malaysia FA Cup. They lost 1-3 to Terengganu.
Malaysia Cup
Melaka United does not participate in this year Malaysia Cup as they were not qualified for it.
References
Melaka United F.C.
Melaka United F.C. seasons
Malaysian football clubs 2015 season
Malaysian football club seasons by club
Ready to Fly is an album by The Verlaines. It was released in 1991 by Slash Records.
Track listing
All songs written by Graeme Downes.
"Gloom Junky" – 3:32
"Overdrawn" – 2:35
"Tremble" – 2:50
"Such As I" – 3:18
"Hurricane" – 2:25
"War in My Head" – 4:47
"Inside Out" – 2:29
"See You Tomorrow" – 3:36
"Hole in the Ground" – 3:31
"Ready to Fly" – 4:16
"Moonlight on Snow" – 4:02
"Hold On" – 3:28
References
1991 albums
The Verlaines albums
Slash Records albums
Rowlings is a surname of English and Irish origin. Notable people with the surname are:
Barry Rowlings (born 1950), Australian footballer
Ben Rowlings (born 1996), British paralympic athlete
Stephen Rowlings (born 1976), English snooker player
See also
Rollings
Rowling (disambiguation)
References
English-language surnames
Surnames of Irish origin
Kingsmuir is a small village in Angus, one mile south-east of Forfar on the B9128 Carnoustie to Forfar road.
References
Villages in Angus, Scotland
Alicia Adela Kaufmanas (born 20 December 1940) is an Argentine sprinter. She competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1940 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Argentine female sprinters
Argentine female long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Argentina
Athletes (track and field) at the 1967 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Argentina
Sportspeople from Santa Fe, Argentina
Zipperface is a 1992 American erotic slasher film written and directed by Mansour Pourmand, and co-written by Barbara Bishop. It stars David Clover, Donna Adams, and Jonathan Mandell.
Plot
A sadomasochistic serial killer in a bondage suit is running amok in Palm City, murdering stage actresses who moonlight as BDSM prostitutes. Assigned to the case are Detectives Lisa Ryder and Harry Shine, who are under pressure to apprehend the culprit as soon as possible in order to appease the ruthless Mayor Angela Harris. As the duo's investigation progresses, they uncover a number of different suspects, including a misogynist fellow officer named Willy Scalia, a cross-dressing mayor's aide named Devon McClain, a charitable preacher named Reverend Dimsdale, and a professional photographer named Michael Walker.
Lisa begins dating Michael in secret, which leads to her suspension from the force when mounting circumstantial evidence points towards him being "Zipperface". After a warrant is put out for Michael's arrest, he and Lisa go to confront Reverend Dimsdale, having realized that he is in some way connected to all of Zipperface's victims, possibly acting as a pimp for the sex workers who he was supposed to be helping find God. The two discover the reverend dead from a slit throat, and question one of his prostitutes, who informs them that Dimsdale had earlier called her, begging her not to go to her appointment with a new "John".
Lisa and Michael follow the directions that the prostitute had been given to an abandoned warehouse that contains Zipperface's sex dungeon, unaware that they are being tailed by Detective Shine. Zipperface wounds Michael and attempts to strangle Lisa, but Michael recovers, saves her and stabs Zipperface with his own machete. this incapacitates him long enough for Shine to arrive with both backup and Mayor Harris. Zipperface is unmasked to reveal that he is the mayor's husband, Brewster. After her husband rants about how feelings of emasculation drove him to dominate and eventually murder prostitutes, the distraught Mayor Harris, realizing that her political career is now over, pulls out a gun and shoots Brewster.
Cast
Donna Adams as Detective Lisa Ryder
Jonathan Mandell as Michael Walker
David Clover as Detective Harry Shine
Trisha Melynkov as Mayor Angela Harris
Bruce Brown as Brewster Harris
Harold Cannon as Chief Wexford
Timothy D. Lechner as Devon McClain
Richard Vidan as Detective Willy Scalia
Jillian Ross as Natalie
Rikki Brando as Sherry Lockwood
Kimberly Hamilton-Mansfield as Janet Manson
Laureen E. Clair as Elizabeth
Mike Ferraro as Alvin Russo
Denise Ezell as Lana Baker
Christopher Dakin as Reverend Dimsdale
Reception
Zipperface was heavily criticized by TV Guide, which condemned it as a cross between "female exploitation and feminist-bashing" that was "low-grade in all departments, not just gender politics". The film was similarly derided by Todd Martin of Horror News, who wrote, "Not only is it unoriginal and poorly-written, it also has some of the worst acting I have seen in a very long time and is just a mighty bad movie in general in every conceivable way."
References
External links
1992 films
1992 horror films
1990s erotic thriller films
1990s horror thriller films
1992 independent films
1990s mystery thriller films
1990s serial killer films
1990s slasher films
Abandoned buildings and structures in fiction
Adultery in films
American erotic thriller films
American horror thriller films
American independent films
American mystery thriller films
American police detective films
American serial killer films
American slasher films
BDSM in films
Crimes against sex workers in fiction
Cross-dressing in American films
1990s English-language films
American erotic horror films
Erotic mystery films
Erotic slasher films
Mystery horror films
Films about domestic violence
Films about prostitution in the United States
Films set in a theatre
Films set in San Diego
Films shot in Los Angeles
Mariticide in fiction
1990s American films
The Nicholas Brothers were an entertainment act composed of biological brothers, Fayard (1914–2006) and Harold (1921–2000), who excelled in a variety of dance techniques, primarily between the 1930s and 1950s. Best known for their unique interpretation of a highly acrobatic technique known as "flash dancing", they were also considered by many to be the greatest tap dancers of their day, if not all time. Their virtuoso performance in the musical number "Jumpin' Jive" (with Cab Calloway and his orchestra) featured in the 1943 movie Stormy Weather has been praised as one of the greatest dance routines ever captured on film.
Growing up surrounded by vaudeville acts as children, they became stars of the jazz circuit during the Harlem Renaissance and performed on stage, film, and television well into the 1990s. Diminutive in size, they were appreciated for their artistry, innovation, and soaring leaps.
Early lives
Fayard Antonio Nicholas was born October 20, 1914, in Mobile, Alabama, and Harold Lloyd Nicholas was born March 17, 1921, in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, to Viola Harden (maiden; 1893–1971), a pianist, and Ulysses Dominick Nicholas (1892–1935), a drummer.
The Nicholas Brothers grew up in Philadelphia, the sons of college-educated musicians who played in their own band at the Standard Theater. At the age of three, Fayard would always sit in the front row while his parents worked, and by the time he was ten, he had seen most of the great African-American vaudeville acts—particularly the dancers, including such notables of the time as Alice Whitman, Willie Bryant, and Bill Robinson. The brothers were fascinated by the combination of tap dancing and acrobatics. Fayard often imitated their acrobatics and clowning for the kids in his neighborhood.
Neither Fayard nor Harold had any formal dance training. Fayard taught himself how to dance, sing, and perform by watching and imitating the professional entertainers on stage. He then taught his younger siblings, first performing with his sister Dorothy as the Nicholas Kids, later joined by Harold. Harold idolized his older brother and learned by copying his moves and distinct style. Dorothy later opted out of the act, and the Nicholas Kids became known as the Nicholas Brothers.
Career
As word spread of their talents, the Nicholas Brothers became known around Philadelphia. They were first hired for a radio program, The Horn and Hardart Kiddie Hour, and then by other local theatres such as the Standard and the Pearl. When they were performing at the Pearl, the manager of The Lafayette, a New York vaudeville showcase, saw them and immediately wanted them to perform for his theater.
The brothers moved to Philadelphia in 1926 and gave their first performance at the Standard a few years later. In 1932, they became the featured act at Harlem's Cotton Club when Harold was 11 and Fayard was 18. They astonished their mainly white audiences dancing to the jazz tempos of "Bugle Call Rag"; they were the only entertainers in the African-American cast allowed to mingle with white patrons. They performed at the Cotton Club for two years, working with the orchestras of Lucky Millinder, Cab Calloway, Duke Ellington, and Jimmy Lunceford. During this time, they made their uncredited movie debut , in the 1932 short Pie, Pie Blackbird, featuring Eubie Blake and his orchestra. The brothers attributed their success to their unique style of dancing - a hybrid of tap dance, ballet, and acrobatics sometimes called "acrobatic dancing" or "flash dancing" - which was greatly in demand during this time.
Producer Samuel Goldwyn saw them at the Cotton Club and invited them to California to be a part of Kid Millions (1934), their first performances in a Hollywood movie. The brothers made their Broadway debut in the Ziegfeld Follies of 1936 and also appeared in Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart's musical Babes in Arms in 1937. They impressed their choreographer, George Balanchine, who invited them to appear in Babes in Arms. With Balanchine's training, they learned many new stunts. Their talent led many to presume they were trained ballet dancers.
By 1940, they had moved to Hollywood and for several decades divided their time between movies, nightclubs, concerts, Broadway, television, and extensive tours of Latin America, Africa, and Europe. They toured England with a production of Blackbirds. They gave a Royal Command Performance at the London Paladium for King George VI in 1948.
In 1991, the Nicholas Brothers received Kennedy Center Honors in recognition of their six decades of achievements. A year later, a documentary film, We Sing & We Dance, celebrated their careers and included tributes from Mikhail Baryshnikov, Gregory Hines, M.C. Hammer, and Clarke Peters. In 1994, members of the cast of Hot Shoe Shuffle also paid them tribute.
Teaching
The Nicholas Brothers taught master classes in tap dance as teachers-in-residence at Harvard University and Radcliffe at Ruth Page Visiting Artists. Among their known students are Debbie Allen, Janet Jackson, and Michael Jackson. Several of today's master tap dancers have performed with or been taught by the brothers: Dianne Walker, Sam Weber, Lane Alexander, Mark Mendonca, Terry Brock, Colburn Kids Tap/L.A, Channing Cook Holmes, Chris Baker, Artis Brienzo, Chester Whitmore, Darlene Gist, Chris Scott, Tobius Tak, Carol Zee, and Steve Zee.
Style and moves
The brothers were particularly known for their expressive use of their hands and arms while dancing, particularly tap. One of their signature moves was to leapfrog down a long, broad flight of stairs, while completing each step with a split. Its best remembered performance is in the finale of the movie Stormy Weather (1943). In that routine, the Nicholas Brothers leapt exuberantly across the orchestra's music stands and danced on the top of a grand piano in a call and response act with the pianist, to the tune of "Jumpin' Jive". Fred Astaire once told the brothers that this dance number was the greatest movie musical sequence he had ever seen. Numerous articles have been written about this whole dance being filmed in one take and unrehearsed. As unbelievable as that sounds, the Nicholas Brothers confirmed it in an interview shortly before their recognition at the 14th Annual Kennedy Center Honors. The choreographer, Nick Castle, said, "Just do it. Don`t rehearse it, just do it." And so it was done, unrehearsed and in one take, which relieved Harold Nicholas because he did not want to do the rigorous routine over and over all night.
In another signature move, they would rise from a split without using their hands. Gregory Hines declared that if their biography were ever filmed, their dance numbers would have to be computer-generated because no one now could emulate them. Ballet legend Mikhail Baryshnikov once called them the most amazing dancers he had ever seen in his life.
Personal lives
Fayard
Fayard married four times. His marriage to Geraldine Pate lasted from 1942 until their divorce in 1955. That year, he married Mexican dancer Victoria Barron. As of May 1960, that marriage remained intact, with "Vicky" also working alongside Fayard professionally. He married Barbara January in 1967, the same year he converted to the Baháʼí Faith, and they remained together until her death in 1998. He married Katherine Hopkins in 2000.
He died on January 24, 2006, of pneumonia contracted after a stroke. His memorial service, presided over by Mary Jean Valente of A Ceremony of the Heart, was standing-room only and featured personal tributes, music, dance, and one last standing ovation.
Two of Fayard's granddaughters dance as the "Nicholas Sisters" and have won awards for their performances.
Harold
Harold was married three times. From 1942 to 1951, he was married to singer and actress Dorothy Dandridge, with whom he had one child, Harolyn Nicholas, who was born with a severe intellectual disability In Paris, he had a son, Melih Nicholas, with his second wife Elayne Patronne. He lived on New York's Upper West Side for twenty years with his third wife, producer and former Miss Sweden, Rigmor Alfredsson Newman. Harold died July 3, 2000, of a heart attack following minor surgery.
Filmography
According to a Los Angeles Times article on the brothers, "Because of racial prejudice, they appeared as guest artists, isolated from the plot, in many of their films. This was a strategy that allowed their scenes to be easily deleted for screening in the Jim Crow-era South".
Pie, Pie Blackbird (1932) (short subject) (uncredited)
The Emperor Jones (1933) (Harold Nicholas)
Syncopancy (1933) (short subject) (Harold Nicholas)
Kid Millions (1934)
An All-Colored Vaudeville Show (1935) (short subject)
Coronado (1935)
The Big Broadcast of 1936 (1935)
The Black Network (1936) (short subject)
My American Wife (1936)
Babes in Arms (1937)
Calling All Stars (1937)
My Son Is Guilty (1939)
Down Argentine Way (1940)
Tin Pan Alley (1940)
The Great American Broadcast (1941)
Sun Valley Serenade (1941)
Orchestra Wives (1942)
Stormy Weather (1943)
Take It or Leave It (1944)
The Reckless Age (1944) (Harold Nicholas)
Carolina Blues (1944) (Harold Nicholas)
Dixieland Jamboree (1946) (short subject)
The Pirate (1948)
Pathe Newsreel (1948)
I'm in the Revue (1950)
El Misterio del carro express (1953)
El Mensaje de la muerte (1953)
Musik im Blut (1955)
Bonjour Kathrin (1956)
L'Empire de la nuit (1963) (Harold Nicholas)
The Liberation of L.B. Jones (1970) (Fayard Nicholas)
Uptown Saturday Night (1974) (Harold Nicholas)
That's Entertainment! (1974) (archive footage)
Brother, Can You Spare a Dime? (1975) (archive footage)
Disco 9000 (1976) (Harold Nicholas)
That's Dancing! (1985) (archive footage)
Tap (1989) (Harold Nicholas)
That's Black Entertainment (1990) (archive footage)
The Five Heartbeats (1990) (Harold Nicholas)
"Alright" (Janet Jackson song) and video (1990)
The Nicholas Brothers: We Sing and We Dance (1992)
Funny Bones (1995) (Harold Nicholas)
I Used to Be in Pictures (2000)
Night at the Golden Eagle (2002) (Fayard Nicholas)
Broadway: The Golden Age, by the Legends Who Were There (2003)
Hard Four (2005)
Awards and honors
Harold received the DEA Award from the Dance Educators of America
Harold received the Bay Area Critics Circle Award (Best Principal Performance, Stompin' at the Savoy)
Harold received the Harbor Performing Arts Center Lifetime Achievement Award
An honorary doctorate from Harvard University was awarded to both brothers
Black Filmmakers Hall of Fame (1978)
Ellie Award (1984), National Film Society for both brothers
Apollo Theater's Hall of Fame (1986), First Class Inductees for both brothers
Ebony Lifetime Achievement Award (1987) for both brothers
Fayard Nicholas received Broadway's 1989 Tony Award for Best Choreographer for Black and Blue along with his collaborators Cholly Atkins, Henry LeTang, and Frankie Manning.
Scripps American Dance Festival Award
Kennedy Center Honors in 1991 for both brothers who were in attendance
The National Black Media Coalition Lifetime Achievement Award (1992)
Flo-Bert Award (1992)
New York's Tap Dance Committee, Gypsy Award (1994)
A star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7083 Hollywood Blvd (1994)
Professional Dancer's Society, Dance Magazine Award of (1995)
The 1998 Samuel H. Scripps American Dance Festival Award for Lifetime Achievement in Modern Dance
National Museum of Dance Mr. & Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney Hall of Fame Inductees (2001)
Other achievements
The brothers gave a royal command performance for King George VI at the London Palladium in 1948
A retrospective of their work in films appeared at the 1981 Academy Awards ceremony
Carnegie Hall sold out for a tribute to the brothers in 1998
During the course of their lives, the brothers danced for nine different presidents of the United States
The brothers' home movies were selected for inclusion in the National Film Registry in 2011 Several of these home movies were preserved by the Academy Film Archive in 2016.
References
Further reading
Constance Valis Hill, Brotherhood in Rhythm: The Jazz Dancing of the Nicholas Brothers
External links
Jitterbuzz Lindy Week Review interview with Fayard Nicholas
Performing Arts Gliding Off the Dance Floor: Fayard Nicholas by Terry Gross
Remembrances Dancer-Choreographer Fayard Nicholas
Remembrances Inspiration to Astaire, Dancer Fayard Nicholas by Joel Rose
Harold Nicholas obituary
Nicholas Brothers Story on Electro Swing Italia
African-American male dancers
African-American dancers
American male dancers
American dance groups
American tap dancers
Harlem Renaissance
The Miami Coliseum, also known as the Coral Gables Coliseum, was a multi-purpose arena located in Coral Gables, Florida. It was developed by George E. Merrick, the founder of Coral Gables and of the University of Miami, who sought to create a cultural center for the Miami area. Like the rest of the planned community, the Coliseum was built in the Mediterranean Revival style.
Heavily in debt after the collapse of Florida's land boom, Merrick sold the Coliseum to the City of Coral Gables in 1927, before it was completed.
In 1938, the Coliseum was rebuilt into an ice rink and rechristened the Metropolitan Ice Palace. Inspired by the films of Sonja Henie, the arena's managers sought to host ice skating shows for Miami residents, as well as ice hockey games. The Ice Palace was home to all four teams of the Tropical Hockey League (THL), the first attempt at professional hockey in Florida (and in the South). Though the THL was, at least initially, a moderate success, it had a turbulent lifespan and continually lost money for its promoters. Ultimately, the league folded around September 1941. Shortly thereafter, the city filed a $42,500 suit and sought foreclosure against the Ice Palace's operators.
With the onset of World War II, the Coliseum was leased to Embry–Riddle University to train military pilots. However, it was converted back into an ice rink in 1949. It would be the only indoor arena in Miami-Dade County until the 1950s when the Miami Beach Auditorium was built. Afterwards, it was turned into a bowling alley, and later a health club, before becoming vacant in 1987. Despite a push by preservationists to maintain the historic structure, it was demolished in 1993.
References
Sports venues completed in 1927
1993 disestablishments in Florida
Defunct indoor arenas in Florida
Defunct indoor ice hockey venues in the United States
Demolished sports venues in Florida
Indoor ice hockey venues in Florida
Defunct sports venues in Florida
1927 establishments in Florida
Ice hockey in Florida
Virgil Atanasiu (born 21 May 1937) is a Romanian former sports shooter. He competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1937 births
Living people
Romanian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Romania
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Dumbrăveni
Anny von Stosch (3 May 1895 – 31 December 1994) was a German operatic soprano
Life
Born in Bremen, Stosch was a pupil of the singing teacher Jacques Stückgold in Berlin. After the end of World War I, Stosch had her first appearances as a concert singer and in 1924 she made her debut as an opera singer at the Stadttheater Königsberg.
She stayed there until 1927 and was then engaged at the Lübeck Stadttheater until summer 1928. Afterwards, she moved for four years to the municipal stages of Darmstadt. In 1932, she was engaged for one season at the opera house of Düsseldorf and in 1933 she went to the Opera house in Nuremberg for two years.
In 1935 Stosch moved to the Staatstheater in Kassel, where she was able to participate in the 1937 premiere of the opera by Joseph Haas. Between 1935 and 1944, Stosch appeared regularly at the Berliner Staatsoper. From 1936 to 1938, Stosch also sang at the Bayreuth Festival and thus became one of the most important Wagner interpreters of her time.
In 1950 Stosch said farewell to the stage in Kassel and then worked at the local conservatory for almost twenty years. She died in Kassel on 31 December 1994 at the age of 99.
References
External links
Stosch Anny von on Operissimo
German operatic sopranos
1895 births
1994 deaths
Musicians from Bremen
The Lamar mounds and village site (9BI2) is an important archaeological site on the banks of the Ocmulgee River in Bibb County, Georgia (U.S. state), several miles to the southeast of the Ocmulgee mound site. Both mound sites are part of the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park, a national park and historic district created in 1936 and run by the U.S. National Park Service. Historians and archaeologists have theorized that the site is the location of the main village of the Ichisi encountered by the Hernando de Soto expedition in 1539.
Site description
The site has two large platform mounds and an associated village area surrounded by a palisade. The original settlement may have been started on a natural levee of the Ocmulgee River; this is where Mound A was developed. The main village area spreads out to the southeast from this location. This location may have been island-like at the time of its settlement, the only high ground located in a low swampy area, with the Ocmulgee River on one side and an oxbow lake on the other.
Houses in the village were rectangular wattle and daub structures, with some situated on low house mounds. The palisade was made of upright logs covered in clay. The palisade encircled an area of about and followed the island shape of the raised levee. Outside the palisade was an encircling ditch, probably water filled at the time of the site's occupation. Mound A is a large mound, around in diameter. A deep depression is located in the northwestern quadrant of its summit. This feature is thought to be the remnants of a collapsed earth lodge with a dugout floor and embanked walls. Unlike other Middle Mississippian culture platform mounds to the northwest, Lamar-style mounds are more rounded in shape, as compared to squared-off rectangles.
Mound B, completely round in shape, has a feature almost unique in southeastern archaeology: a spiral ramp leading to its summit. This and other evidence has led archaeologists to speculate that the mound was in the process of being enlarged and given a new layer of fill when work was abruptly stopped. Unlike other Mississippian sites, no evidence of a large, flat plaza has been found at the site, although the large area between mounds was once theorized to be one. Two large pits were made at the site, one inside the palisade and the other outside its perimeter. These were probably borrow pits left over from mound construction. It is possible the inhabitants later used the pits as clean water reservoirs and fish ponds, a use described by the De Soto chroniclers when passing through the area.
Lamar culture
The Lamar site was inhabited from about 1350 to 1600 CE, during the late prehistoric and early historic period of the area. The style of Mississippian culture pottery found at the site has been used to define this period in the regional chronology, making it the type site for the Lamar culture (also known variously as the Lamar phase and Lamar period).
Excavations
In 1936 the site was acquired by the United States government and incorporated into the new Ocmulgee National Monument, based on the multiple mounds located to the north at Ocmulgee Mounds. It was extensively excavated during the late 1930s as part of the government's Depression-era Works Progress Administration archaeology program. These excavations started with one directed by James A. Ford in 1934, Arthur R. Kelly in 1936, Gordon Willey in 1938, and in 1939-1940 by Jesse Jennings and Charles Fairbanks. To protect the site from the flooding Ocmulgee River, the government constructed a large levee around the site in 1941.
In 1996 archaeologist Mark Williams from the University of Georgia and the Lamar Institute did test excavations and site mapping. These were the first archaeological explorations at the site since 1940.
Possible location of Ichisi
On March 29, 1539, the Hernando de Soto entrada, while winding northward after leaving Florida, recorded coming upon the province of Ichisi, which may have been part of the larger paramount chiefdom of Ocute. They were greeted at the first village by women dressed in white mantles, offering gifts of corn cakes and wild onions. On March 30 they were ferried across the Ocmulgee River in dugout canoes and met the paramount chief of the province, who they noted had only one good eye. The Spanish expedition spent several days at the village as guests of this chief. He gave de Soto gifts of food, and offered him porters and translators to assist him in getting to the next chiefdom to the northeast, Ocute. This people were recorded as speaking a different language than the Ichisi. Before leaving on April 1, the Spaniards erected a large wooden cross atop one of the village platform mounds and tried to explain its significance to the villagers.
Noted historian and de Soto researcher Charles M. Hudson theorized in the 1980s and 90s, that the de Soto entrada crossed the Ocmulgee River near the future site of Macon, Georgia, and that the Lamar Mounds may have been the location of the paramount town of the Ichisi. This view has been supported by archaeologists who have worked at the site.
But archaeological work in 2009 at a site in rural Telfair County, Georgia, near the present-day town of McRae, discovered evidence that calls this identification into question. Evidence from the Telfair site suggests that de Soto's crossing of the Ocmulgee River took place here, approximately further south than at Lamar Mounds. Archaeologists and historians are still debating which of the two sites was visited by de Soto and his men.
Lamar name
The mounds are located on plantation land that was owned by John Basil Lamar in the antebellum period. After his death during the Civil War, the Lamar family retained the property. They sold that part of the former plantation that includes the mounds to the United States in 1936.
See also
Coosa chiefdom
Etowah Indian Mounds
List of Mississippian sites
List of sites and peoples visited by the Hernando de Soto Expedition
References
External links
(PDF), NPS.gov
South Appalachian Mississippian culture
Archaeological sites in Georgia (U.S. state)
Protected areas of Bibb County, Georgia
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Bibb County, Georgia
Archaeological type sites
Atal Setu is a cable-stayed bridge on the Ravi River near Pathankot, commissioned on 24 December 2015 by former Defence Minister Manohar Parrikkar. The bridge spans between Basholi and Dunera and aims to improve road connections between Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh. This bridge is first of its kind in North India and fourth of its kind in nation. The other such three bridges are in Mumbai (Bandra-Worli sealink), Allahabad (Naini) and Kolkata (Hooghly).
IIT New Delhi approved the design of this bridge and the foundation stone was laid in May 2011 by UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi. The bridge was designed by a Canadian consultant, McElhanney Consulting Services Ltd. (formerly Infinity Engineering Ltd.). The Border Roads Organization, IRCON, Infinity and SP Singla Constructions Pvt Limited undertook its construction. The bridge is named after former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, and was opened one day before his birthday.
References
Bridges in Punjab, India
Transport in Pathankot
Memorials to Atal Bihari Vajpayee
Cable-stayed bridges in India
2015 establishments in Punjab, India
Bridges completed in 2015
Love All You Have Left is a 2017 drama film written and directed by Matt Sivertson. The film stars Caroline Amiguet, Sara Wolfkind, Michael Christopher Shantz, Mike Burnell and Kathleen Sheehy. The story depicts Anne Frank surviving in the attic of a grieving family.
Plot
After losing her daughter in a school shooting, a woman finds a girl in her attic who says she is Anne Frank.
Cast
Caroline Amiguet as Juliette Forster
Sara Wolfkind as Anne Frank
Michael Christopher Shantz as Jeff Forster
Mike Burnell as Nazi Soldier
Kathleen Sheehy as Melanie Forster
Production
Much of the principal photography took place at the director's home in Pacific Beach, San Diego. In an interview with San Diego Reader, Sivertson said inspiration was discovered from the album In the Aeroplane Over the Sea by Neutral Milk Hotel. It contained references to Anne Frank and the songwriter felt haunted by her after reading The Diary of Anne Frank.
Release
The film screened at the Museum of Photographic Arts and San Diego Jewish Film Festival before a theatrical release in Los Angeles. It was distributed by Indie Rights.
Reception
An article by The Forward, Talya Zax claims the idea of Anne Frank surviving is overdone. Kimber Myers at Los Angeles Times says "the issue isn't the lack of money; it's the choices made by the filmmakers."
References
External links
2017 films
Films about school violence
Films about Anne Frank
2017 biographical drama films
American biographical drama films
Films about Nazis
Films about families
Films shot in San Diego
Films set in San Diego
Films based on diaries
American films based on actual events
Films based on biographies
Films about grieving
Films about death
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The Brooklyn Music School is a community school for the performing arts in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York offering in person and online programming. Founded in 1909 as the Brooklyn Music School Settlement, it owns and operates a four-story building located at 126 St. Felix Street that contains twenty-four classrooms, three dance studios, and a 266-seat Spanish Style theatre. The school is a long-standing member of the National Guild of Community Schools of the Arts.
The Brooklyn Music School Playhouse was also the home of the Little Theatre Opera company in the 1920s. From 2011 until 2018, it was the home of Science, Language & Arts International School (SLA), a French and Mandarin immersion science- and arts-based elementary school.
Muse Academy at the Brooklyn Music School was founded in 2018.
References
External links
Official website
NYC Arts Write-Up
Brooklyn Arts Council (Brooklyn Music Playhouse). .
Little Theatre Opera (San Jose News). .
Science, Language & Arts International School (SLA). .
Music schools in New York City
Educational institutions established in 1912
Fort Greene, Brooklyn
Universities and colleges in Brooklyn
1912 establishments in New York City
Brothers Stoney is an Australian hip hop group hailing from Brisbane, Queensland. The crew comprises emcees Lazy Grey and Len One. Both Lazy Grey and Len One are members of the Brisbane hip hop crew, 750 Rebels.
History
Boney & Stoney
Lazy Grey and Len One, along with Melbourne MC Bias B, were in a crew called Boney & Stoney. Boney & Stoney released a self-titled EP in 1999, which has become known as one of the top pioneering releases of Australian hip hop. It was rated as the number 1 Australian hip hop 12" record by Melbourne-based DJ/producer Doc Felix.
The group reformed for individual performances in more recent years, including a show in Perth in December 2010 and at a gig forming part of the Robert Hunter Cup in Melbourne in October 2012 in memory of MC Hunter.
Brothers Stoney
Brothers Stoney have played at Livid Festival (2001), Good Vibrations Festival (2004) and performed alongside artists such as Native Ryme Syndicate (2001). Brothers Stoney have had airplay on Australian radio programs and stations such as national broadcaster Triple J, Melbourne station 3RRR, and Brisbane station 4ZZZ.
Lazy Grey
Lazy Grey was in a Brisbane band called Towering Inferno with DJ Damage and B-Boy Flex in 1994–1997. The group performed at the first B-Boy Kingdom hip hop jam in 1996. Lazy Grey has collaborated with artists such as Brisbane band, Resin Dogs (Hi Fidelity Dirt album, 2003), Bias B, Brad Strut, Pegz, Tornts. Lazy Grey's musical style has been described as Ocker hip hop by Tony Mitchell in his paper "The Reography of Reason: Australian Hip Hop as Experimental History and Pedagogy":
"'Ocker' hip hop is mainly Anglo-Australian, insists on using a broad Australian accent, with frequent swearing and recourse to Australian slang, decries MCs who rap with an American accent as 'wack' (ridiculous) and often celebrates aspects of Anglo-Australian working class culture like barbecues, sport and pubs. Prominent exponents include the Hilltop Hoods, Brisbane's Lazy Grey and Perth-based 'femcee' Layla."
OzHipHop.com's hip hop music reviewer, gerling in her review of Lazy Grey's The Soundtrack album, noted that, "Lazy Grey has lost none of his frustrated verbal elegance, and with 'The Soundtrack' he proves that he is one of Oz hip hop's pre-eminent MCs. His diction is crisp, his flow is effortless and he can still write intricate, clever rhymes".
Discography
Albums
Boney & Stoney
Boney & Stoney (1999)
Brothers Stoney
Stone Broke (2003)
Tappin Buttons (Instrumentals) (2004)
Lazy Grey
On Tap (with Len-one) (Cassette only) (1997)
On or Off Tap (1998)
Banned in Queensland (2004)
The Soundtrack (2009)
Len-one (AKA Lenwun)
Begged, Borrowed or Stolen (2006) (with DJ DCE)
References
Australian hip hop groups
Dzhirabachi (; Kaitag: Жирбачӏи; Dargwa: ЖирабачӀи) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Dzhirabachinsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 529 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Dzhirabachi is located 16 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Daknisa and Surgiya are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Jalo Aatos Fred (11 April 1917 – 10 April 2003) was a Finnish chess player, two-time Finnish Chess Championship winner (1947, 1955) and Chess Olympiad individual bronze medal winner (1964).
Biography
From the late 1940s to the early 1960s, Fred was one of Finland's leading chess players. In Finnish Chess Championships he has won two gold (1947, 1955), silver (1961) and three bronze (1951, 1953, 1960) medals.
Fred played for Finland in the Chess Olympiads:
In 1952, at reserve board in the 10th Chess Olympiad in Helsinki (+2, =5, -3),
In 1954, at fourth reserve board in the 11th Chess Olympiad in Amsterdam (+2, =11, -3),
In 1956, at fourth board in the 12th Chess Olympiad in Moscow (+4, =6, -5),
In 1958, at fourth board in the 13th Chess Olympiad in Munich (+2, =8, -4),
In 1960, at reserve board in the 14th Chess Olympiad in Leipzig (+3, =7, -4),
In 1962, at second reserve board in the 15th Chess Olympiad in Varna (+3, =4, -2),
In 1964, at third board in the 16th Chess Olympiad in Tel Aviv (+8, =6, -2) and won individual bronze medal.
References
External links
Jalo Aatos Fred chess games at 365chess.com
1917 births
1993 deaths
Sportspeople from Pori
Finnish chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
Hepacivirus A, or Canine hepacivirus (CHV) or Equine hepacivirus (EHV), is a positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus of the genus Hepacivirus. It infects dogs and horses, and causes pulmonary infections in dogs. Unlike the related Hepatitis C virus, it is not known to cause hepatitis in either host.
History
The virus was isolated in 2011 from a number of dogs suffering from respiratory infections. Later, distinct lineages were isolated from horses in different locations.
Genome
As of 2012, the genome has not yet been fully sequenced. The available sequence is about 6,500 nucleotides in length. It is predicted to have a polyprotein that can be cleaved into 10 smaller proteins. There is a 'slippery sequence' – A5NNA5 – within the genome which may encode a programmed frameshift. It encodes two envelope proteins (E1 and E2) as well as cysteine and serine proteases.
The overall G+C content is 50.7%.
Evolution
The virus appears to have evolved from the Hepatitis C virus between 500 and 1,000 years ago.
The equine lineages (EHV) are more diverse than the canine lineages (CHV), suggesting that the former are ancestral to the latter. CHV appears to have originated in a cross-species transmission from horses to dogs around 1970. The origin of EHV is not known, but it seems that both EHV and Hepatitis C virus have originated in separate cross-species transmission events from a common source.
References
Dog diseases
Hepaciviruses
Animal viral diseases
James Whitehead (born 1942 in Augusta, Georgia) is a former Republican member of the Georgia State Senate. He was narrowly defeated in a June 2007 runoff election for the United States House of Representatives in Georgia's 10th congressional district's special election called to replace the late Representative Charlie Norwood.
Personal life
Whitehead attended Richmond County public schools, and graduated from the Academy of Richmond County in 1960. As a standout athlete, he earned All-American honors as a football tackle. He also set the Academy track team record for the shot put.
Whitehead continued his athletic career as a Bulldog at the University of Georgia in Athens from 1960 to 1962 in football and track. He played as an offensive and defensive tackle with quarterback Fran Tarkenton and set a UGA shot put record which stood for six years.
Whitehead founded Jim Whitehead Tire Company in 1985, which has two locations in the Greater Augusta area. He is also President of Southeast Tire Group, Inc., a buying service for independent tire dealers.
In 1964, Whitehead married the former Peggy Ann Bond of DeKalb County. The couple lives in Evans. They have two sons and a daughter, all of whom are married.
Political career
In 1994, Whitehead was elected to the Columbia County Commission, where he served until 2002, including a term as chairman. He was first elected to the Georgia Senate in 2004, and was re-elected in 2006. He currently serves as Chairman of the Georgia Board of Corrections, Chairman of the Senate Committee on Public Safety and Homeland Security, Vice Chairman of the Transportation Committee, a member of the Economic Development and Natural Resources Committees, and Deputy Whip for Senate Republicans.
Whitehead is a member of the board of directors of Doctors Hospital in Augusta, and an advisory board member of First Bank of Augusta. He has served as the chairman of the Augusta Red Cross, board member of the Georgia Tire Dealers Association, member of the Association of County Commissioners of Georgia, member of the Augusta Convention and Visitors Bureau, and a member of the Pastor-Parrish Relations Committee of Wesley United Methodist Church in Evans.
U.S. Congress special election
In February 2007, Republican U.S. Congressman Charlie Norwood, of Georgia's 10th congressional district, died of cancer. There was a special election open primary in June 2007, where candidates of all parties participated in the primary. A candidate needed 50% to win outright, and there would be a run-off if no candidate earned it the first time. Ten candidates filed: six Republicans, three Democrats, and a Libertarian. Whitehead was the only elected politician to run, and was the front-runner. He won the endorsements of U.S. Congressman Saxby Chambliss.
In the primary, Whitehead finished first with 44% of the vote. Doctor Paul Broun qualified for the run-off, ranking second with 21% of the vote, with only 198 votes more than third-place finisher James Marlow, a Democrat. Broun won a plurality of just four counties: Oconee (47%), Jackson (42%), Oglethorpe (37%), and Morgan (31%).
In the runoff campaign, Whitehead angered some voters by failing to appear at a debate held in Athens and then by referring to his alma mater, the University of Georgia, as a "liberal bastion" that should be eliminated, save for the football team. In the July 17, 2007 election, Broun upset Whitehead by a margin of just 0.8%, a difference of just 394 votes. After the votes were certified, Whitehead declined to ask for a recount despite the narrow margin. Broun won the counties in the Northern part of the district, while Whitehead won the counties in the southern part. Broun's best two performing counties were Clarke (90%) and Oconee (88%).
References
External links
Official election website
Jim Whitehead Tire
Augusta Metropolitan Convention and Visitors Bureau
The University of Georgia
American Red Cross
1942 births
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Georgia (U.S. state) Republicans
Living people
American businesspeople
American male shot putters
People from Evans, Georgia
Politicians from Augusta, Georgia
Academy of Richmond County alumni
The emerald tanager (Tangara florida) is a species of bird in the tanager family Thraupidae. It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, and Panama. Described by the English ornithologists PL Sclater and Osbert Salvin in 1869, it is a medium-sized species that has a length of and a mass of . It can be identified by its bright green plumage, with black streaking on the back and wings, and a black auricular patch and beak. It also has yellow on the crown and rump. The species shows slight sexual dimorphism, with the females being duller and having yellow-green in place of yellow on the head.
The emerald tanager mainly inhabits humid lowland forest, montane evergreen forest, and secondary forest at elevations of but can be found from . It is omnivorous and feeds mainly on fruit, flowers, and flower buds, supplementing its diet with arthropods. It breeds from March to May in Costa Rica and from January to April in Colombia. The emerald tanager makes cup nests out of moss, where eggs are laid in clutches of two.
It is listed as being of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) on the IUCN Red List due to its sufficiently large range and a lack of significant population decline, but is threatened by habitat destruction.
Taxonomy and systematics
The emerald tanager was first described as Calliste florida by the English ornithologists Philip Sclater and Osbert Salvin in 1869, based on a female specimen from Costa Rica that was collected by Julian Carmiol. The name of the genus, Tangara, comes from the Tupí word tangara, meaning "dancer". The specific name florida comes from the region of Florida. Emerald tanager is the official common name designated by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOU).
The emerald tanager is one of 27 species in the genus Tangara, a Neotropical genus of tanagers. According to a 2004 study of mitochondrial DNA by Kevin Burns and Kazuya Naoki, it belongs to a species group that includes the blue-whiskered tanager, green-and-gold tanager, golden tanager, silver-throated tanager, saffron-crowned tanager, golden-eared tanager, and flame-faced tanager. Out of these, it is most closely related to the silver-throated tanager. The following cladogram shows phylogenetic relationships within the species group based on the above study:
The emerald tanager is recognized as monotypic by the IOU. However, some authorities recognize populations from eastern Panama to Colombia and northwestern Ecuador as being a distinct subspecies, T. f. auriceps.
Description
The emerald tanager is a medium-sized tanager with a length of and a mass of . Both sexes are similar in appearance, but the species shows slight sexual dimorphism, with females being duller and having yellow-green instead of yellow on the head. It may be confused with the glistening-green tanager but can be told apart by its less intense plumage. It is also similar to the blue-whiskered tanager but can be distinguished by the latter's black face and throat and turquoise cheeks.
Adults males are mostly bright light green, with black streaking on the upperparts. The loral area, the base of the bill, and chin, along with the auricular patch, are also black. The center and rear of the crown are dark yellow, while the rest of the crown, the region around the eye, and the band across the back of the neck are yellowish-green. The upper back is black, while the lower back, rump, and uppertail coverts are dark yellow. The wings are black and green. The underparts are mostly light green, while the center of the belly and the undertail coverts are light yellow. The iris is brown, the bill is black and the feet are bluish-gray. Immatures resemble adult females, while juveniles are much duller. Juvenile males gain plumage similar to that of adult females after their first molt, while they gain adult male plumage after a second molt that occurs after their first breeding season.
Vocalizations
The emerald tanager makes a sharp chip or tsip which may be repeated and which occasionally accelerates into a rapid twitter. Its song is a series of loud cheet or chiip notes.
Distribution and habitat
The emerald tanager is found from southern Costa Rica to northern Ecuador; through Panama and Colombia. It may also be found in extreme southern Nicaragua. There are two disjunct populations, separated by an area between Panama and the San Juan River. Throughout its range, the emerald tanager is commonest at elevations of but is found at elevations of up to in Ecuador and as low as in Colombia. The average elevation inhabited is highest in the north of the range and is the lowest in the south.
The emerald tanager inhabits humid lowland forest, montane evergreen forest, and secondary forest. It is usually found in the canopy and rarely strays to the forest floor. It has also been observed in lone fruiting trees or shrubs next to forests. It prefers forested habitats to semi-open ones.
Behavior and ecology
The species has a generation length of 3.26 years.
Feeding
The emerald tanager is omnivorous. It mainly feeds on fruit, supplementing its diet with arthropods, flowers, and flower buds. In Costa Rica, arthropods make up a greater proportion of the diet during the breeding season. The most commonly eaten fruits include those in the genera Miconia, Coussapoa, Cecropia, Ficus, Ilex, Tetrochidium, and Topobea.
The emerald tanager forages singly, in pairs, or small flocks of 3–7 individuals within larger mixed-species flocks consisting of other tanager species, honeycreepers, and warblers. It is active, occasionally moving about excitedly when foraging. Fruits are typically gleaned, while insects are mainly foraged from moss in the crown of trees, with moss occasionally being torn apart during feeding to capture prey. The species has also been observed feeding on a swarm of army ants.
Breeding
The emerald tanager has varying breeding seasons in different areas, breeding from March to May in Costa Rica and from January to April in Colombia. Nests are made above the ground on moss-covered branches, at heights of . Nests are cup-shaped and made of moss. Eggs are laid in clutches of two. Breeding pairs have been observed carrying insects and fruit to nests.
Status
The emerald tanager is listed as being of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) on the IUCN Red List due to its sufficiently large range and a lack of significant population decline. However, its population, which is thought to be between 40,000 and 499,999 mature birds, is currently decreasing. The species is threatened by habitat destruction and is already suffering locally due to deforestation. Habitat destruction is an especially acute problem in areas that have steep changes in elevation, as it could lead populations becoming isolated and a reduction in genetic diversity (the variety in a population's genetic characteristics).
References
emerald tanager
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
emerald tanager
emerald tanager
emerald tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ceibo is Spanish for Erythrina crista-galli, a tree of national significance for Argentina and Uruguay.
Ceibo is also one of South America air forces maneuvers
Ceibo is the manufacturer of Ceibo Emulators
Ceibo is the official name of star HD 63454.
Rajendra Place is a multi storeyed, multi-building commercial complex, located at the main Pusa Road, New Delhi, India. It is surrounded by the Central Delhi areas of Rajendra Nagar and Patel Nagar. The complex hosts several restaurants and offices, and is adjacent to the Jaypee Sidharth Hotel.
Transportation
Rajendra place is well connected to the Delhi Metro Rail System via the nearby Rajendra Place metro station on the Blue Line.
Imly restaurant, famous for its train shaped form, is a nearby landmark.
Neighbourhoods in Delhi
Jules Elegbedé (born 12 October 1993) is a Beninese international footballer who plays for Energie, as a striker.
References
1993 births
Living people
Beninese footballers
Benin international footballers
Université Nationale du Bénin FC players
Avrankou Omnisport FC players
Energie FC players
Association football forwards
Abdelkarim Nafti () (born 3 August 1981 in Sfax) is a Tunisian football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder or sometimes a winger . He can also play as a striker.
He joined African giants Al-Merrikh in 2009. His first goal for El-Merreikh was against Hilal Kadougli when El-Merreikh won 2-4 in Kadougli.
In August 2013, he moved to Maltese side Valletta F.C. from Club Africain.
Nafti also played for CS Sfaxien and Al-Nasr in Saudi Arabia.
In addition, he played for the Tunisia national football team.
References
1981 births
Living people
Tunisian footballers
CS Sfaxien players
Club Africain players
Valletta F.C. players
Tunisia international footballers
Tunisian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sudan
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Al-Merrikh SC players
Association football forwards
Association football wingers
Association football midfielders
Balzan F.C. players
Maltese Premier League players
Jamie Meltzer is an American movie and documentary film director. He has made "True Conviction", "Off the Charts: The Song-Poem Story", "Welcome to Nollywood", "La Caminata" (a short film), and the feature-length documentary film "Informant". He teaches documentary film production in the Art Department of Stanford University, as part of the MFA Program in Documentary Film.
"True Conviction" (2017), a feature-length documentary, follows a group of exonerated ex-prisoners who start a detective agency, work to rebuild their lives, and struggle to fix the criminal justice system. The film was awarded a Special Jury Mention at the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival.
"Informant" (2012) a feature-length documentary film that investigates the turbulent journey of Brandon Darby, a radical leftist activist turned FBI informant turned right-wing Tea Party activist. It premiered at the 2012 San Francisco International Film Festival,"With uncommon restraint, Meltzer delivers a fascinating study that transcends political chest beating. Informant raises the possibility of fluid truth in a system addicted to false binaries." The film won the Best Documentary Jury Award at the Austin Film Festival in October 2012.
"La Caminata" (2009) is a short film exploring the efforts of a small Mexican town to combat the migration of their community to the U.S. The town, El Alberto, puts on a weekly tourist event called the Caminata, where they simulate a nighttime "crossing" of the border, complete with balaclava-clad coyotes and simulated border patrol in hot pursuit. The film played at film festivals in 2009, including the AFI Silverdocs Festival and the True/False Film Festival.
"Welcome to Nollywood" (2007) is a documentary about the explosive phenomenon of Nigerian movies. It aired on PBS as part of the AfroPop Series in 2008.
"Off the Charts: The Song-Poem Story" (2003), an hour-long documentary, marks his feature film debut. It played at festivals worldwide, and was screened on PBS' Independent Lens series in 2003.
"Pegasus" (1998), a short 16 mm film made while he was a graduate student at San Francisco State University, chronicles the adventures of a gay motorcycle club on a joy ride in Marin County. This film was screened at the 1998 San Francisco International Lesbian & Gay Film Festival as well as other venues.
References
External links
Jamie Meltzer official site
Off the Charts website
Welcome to Nollywood official website
La Caminata official website
website for INFORMANT
American documentary filmmakers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
San Francisco State University alumni
Filipeni is a village in Leova District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Leova District
Paranoid Earthling is a Sri Lankan rebel rock band active since 2001. Its music can be described as a blend of experimental rock, grunge, psychedelic and stoner rock. Founded by Mirshad Buckman (lyricist, vocalist and guitarist), the band underwent several line-up changes and at present consists of Harshan Gallage (drummer), Riyal Riffai (bass guitarist) and Kasun Nawarathne (guitarist). The band's EP Rock 'N Roll is My Anarchy was released in 2005.
Origins
A brain child of Mirshad Buckman and Shanka Samarasinghe: inspired to form a band after meeting in school and sharing similar interests in music, the band was put together with Asela Bandara and Dhanushka Samarasinghe as the original line-up. Asela Bandara named the band Paranoid Earthling.
Appearing for a guest performance at a local college concert in late 2001, the band covered Nirvana which caught the attention of the youngsters and made a major breakthrough in the rock culture of Sri Lanka. They have since appeared at numerous concerts with a few international tours.
Paranoid Earthling has been performing in various cities in Sri Lanka since 2001 becoming a hot pick to headline at numerous local gigs and have been invited to represent the country at several international gigs.
Paranoid Earthling questions the status quo through their anarchic anthems that are composed around themes of world peace, freedom of speech, ending impunity, minority oppression, dictatorship, and expressing the angst of youth that grew up through the Sri Lankan Civil War that lasted 30 years.
In 2009 the band embarked on a tour in India performing in cities of New Delhi, Bangalore, and Chennai and in the same year returned to New Delhi to represent Sri Lanka at the SAARC Band Festival
Moreover, Paranoid Earthling performed at the 2012 Sound Central Festival held in Kabul, Afghanistan, becoming the only rock band from Sri Lanka to perform there.
In 2016 the band was invited to perform at ‘Nations for Peace' held in Gurgaon India, which brought seven bands from six South Asian countries to reiterate the importance of maintaining regional peace.
Paranoid Earthling has released many EPs following the release of their debut EP titled ‘Rock N Roll is My Anarchy' in 2005. Their video ‘Bringing Down the Sun' released for the International World Peace Day amidst the Civil War in 2008 was premiered on local TV and was nominated for the State Media Awards.
The Logo
The band's logo was created by Mirshad Buckman and depicts of an earthling emerging from two merged mohawk heads.
Releases
Rock 'N Roll is My Anarchy – EP 2005
Play Time Music Bootleg – EP 2008
"Bringing Down The Sun" – music video released for the World Peace Day in 2008 produced by Young Asia Television (YATV)
Ministry of Junk – EP 2010
Reign bootleg single released on 28 May 2011
Deaf Blind Dumb single released on 30 April 2014
Half Cast single released on 12 May 2016
Reign official audio single released on all direct streaming platforms 08 August 2022
Major appearances
17–25 September 2009: Hard Rock Cafe – New Delhi, India; Kyra Theater – Bangalore, India; Turquoise Cottage – New Delhi, India; Flame le Club, Le Royal Meridian Hotel – Chennai, India;
12 December 2009: the band performed at the South Asian Band Festival held in Purana Qila, New Delhi, to a crowd of 10,000, followed by a second performance in Chennai, India.
19 December 2009: the band opened for As I Lay Dying and Nervecell from Dubai at the Vihara Maha Devi, Open Air Theater in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
12 April 2022: performed as a guest act on the fourth day of the People's Uprising Protest 2022 Sri Lankan protests staged at the Agitation Site designated by Government of Sri Lanka,
Equipment
The sound of Paranoid Earthling and its signature melodies have been best amplified through Marshall Amplification except that each band member has a pick of his own gear.
References
Sri Lankan musical groups
Sri Lankan rock music groups
Monte Gene Smith is a former guard in the National Football League. He was drafted in the ninth round of the 1989 NFL Draft by the Denver Broncos and played that season with the team. After a year away from the NFL, he was again a member of the team during the 1991 NFL season, but did not see any playing time in a regular season game.
References
Sportspeople from Madison, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Denver Broncos players
American football offensive guards
North Dakota Fighting Hawks football players
1967 births
Living people
Rickie is a male or female given name.
People
Rickie D. Moore, noted theologian within the Pentecostal movement
Rickie Fowler, American professional golfer
Rickie Harris, American football defensive back
Rickie Haywood Williams, radio DJ and television presenter
Rickie Lambert, English professional footballer
Rickie Lee Jones, American vocalist, musician, songwriter, and producer
Rickie Solinger, independent historian, curator, and lecturer
Rickie Weeks Jr., American professional baseball left fielder
Rickie Winslow, retired American professional basketball player
See also
Ricky (disambiguation)
Rikki
The Hegel Society of Great Britain (HSGB) is an English-speaking forum for scholars and students interested in the writings of the philosopher GWF Hegel (1770–1831). Such scholastic interest may extend to Hegel's predecessors, contemporaries, followers and critics.
The HSGB was founded in 1979, has over 200 members, and holds an annual conference. Its bi-annual journal is the Hegel Bulletin, published by Cambridge University Press.
See also
Hegel Society of America
References
External links
Hegel Society of Great Britain website
Philosophical societies in the United Kingdom
Learned societies of the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1979
1979 establishments in the United Kingdom
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Brauchitsch is the surname of a Prussian noble family, first documented in the 13th century at the Silesian village of Chrustenik. Members of the family have been noted as statesmen and high military officers in Germany. Notable members of the family include:
Ludwig von Brauchitsch (1757–1827) general.
Bernard von Brauchitsch (1833–1910) general.
Charlotte von Brauchitsch (née Gordon) (1844–1906) heiress.
Adolf von Brauchitsch (1876–1935) general.
Margarete von Brauchitsch (1879–1939), designer.
Walther von Brauchitsch (1881–1948), field marshal.
Georg von Brauchitsch (1885–1940), archeologist.
Manfred von Brauchitsch (1905–2003), auto-racing driver.
Bernd von Brauchitsch (1911–1974) adjutant to Göring and, after the war, a manager in steel business.
Eberhard von Brauchitsch (1926–2010), industrial manager.
Boris von Brauchitsch (born 1963), author, curator and photographer.
Silesian nobility
German noble families
Military families of Germany
Samuel Cradock, B.D. (1621?–1706) was a nonconformist tutor, who was born about 1621. He was an elder brother of Zachary Cradock.
Education
Cradock entered Emmanuel College, Cambridge, as a pensioner (fee-paying student) from Rutland, and was elected fellow of Emmanuel in 1645. He was a noted tutor there, and had many pupils. On 10 October 1649 he was incorporated M.A. at Oxford. His public performance on taking his B.D. in 1651 at Cambridge was 'highly applauded', says Calamy. He resigned his fellowship in 1656 on accepting the college living of North Cadbury, Somersetshire. Here he devoted himself "most assiduously" to the work of the ministry, till he was ejected by the Uniformity Act of 1662.
Life
By the death of George Cradock he had become next heir male to Walter Cradock of Geesings, in the parish of Wickhambrook, Suffolk, who, dying shortly after Cradock's ejectment, left him his estate. Hereupon he took as his motto, Nec ingratus nec inutilis videar vixisse. Some years later he took his family to Geesings, and on the Royal Declaration of Indulgence (15 March 1672) he obtained a license (2 April) for himself as a 'presbyterian teacher,' and for his house as a place of worship.
For twenty-four years he continued his ministrations gratuitously, living in good style as a country gentleman, and on excellent terms with Cowper, the vicar of Wickhambrook. He was never molested, and even when he opened under his own roof, prior to the Toleration Act 1689, an academy for training young men in philosophy and theology, he escaped the interferences with which other nonconformist tutors were visited. Sons of presbyterian peers and gentry frequented his academy. Edmund Calamy, who was his pupil in philosophy (1686–8), gives a list, not exhaustive, of twelve who were his contemporaries, including his classmate Timothy Goodwin, then studying with a view to medicine, eventually promoted to the archbishopric of Cashel.
The question arose whether nonconformist tutors were not violating their graduation oaths by prelecting outside the universities. Cradock drew up his reasons for believing that the oath referred simply to lectures in order to a degree. He drew up a paper in his own defence, which was afterwards published by Calamy. All the early nonconformist tutors lectured in Latin. Cradock's lectures were compilations, the systematic arrangement being his own; each student was expected to transcribe them. Calamy speaks very highly of the moral effect of Cradock's discipline, which was wise and friendly, and not too severe. The tutor was a pleasant and genial man, who enlivened his conversation with a spice of humour. Provision having been made on an adjoining estate in 1695 for the performance of dissenting worship at Wickhambrook, Cradock moved in 1696 to Bishop's Stortford, where he continued to preach, and soon became pastor of a congregational church in the neighbouring village of Stansted Mountfitchet (meeting-house erected about 1698). He was able to preach twice every Sunday till within a fortnight of his death on 7 October 1706, in his eighty-sixth year. He was buried at Wickhambrook on 11 October. A week later Samuel Bury delivered a funeral oration.
Works
Cradock published:
'Knowledge and Practice,' 1659, 8vo; reprinted, 1673, 4to; supplement, 1679, 4to; enlarged edition, 1702, fol. (portrait). Dedication to master and fellows of Emmanuel, dated 5 May 1659; recommendatory epistle by Edward Reynolds, afterwards bishop of Norwich; written for his congregation at North Cadbury, and a copy presented to every parishioner; Doddridge and Orton speak of it, with reason, as one of the best manuals for a young minister.
'The Harmony of the Four Evangelists,' 1668, fol.; reprinted 1669, 1670, 1684, 1685 (revised by Tillotson, whose 'care had preserved it from the flames' in September 1666, during the great fire).
'A Catechism,' 1668 (Palmer).
'The Apostolical History,' 1672, fol. reprinted 1673.
'A Serious Dissuasive from . . . Sins of the Times,' 1679, 4to.
'The History of the Old Testament methodized,' 1683, fol.; reprinted 1695, translated into Latin, Leyden, 1685, 8vo.
'A Plain and Brief Exposition and Paraphrase on the Revelation,' 1690, 8vo; reprinted 1692, 1696.
Sources
Attribution
1706 deaths
People from Rutland
Nonconformism
John Warren was an Indian cricketer who played for Bengal. He was a right-handed batsman.
Warren made a single first-class appearance for the team, in the 1935–36 season, against Central Provinces and Berar. Batting as an opener, he scored 3 runs in the first innings, and 66 runs in the second, one of two half-centuries in Bengal's second innings.
External links
John Warren at Cricket Archive
Indian cricketers
Bengal cricketers
Psychoanalysis and Religion is a 1950 book by social psychologist and psychoanalyst Erich Fromm, in which he attempts to explain the purpose and goals of psychoanalysis in relation to ethics and religion.
Forward
In the forward to the first edition, Fromm explains that Psychoanalysis and Religion is a continuation of the thoughts he expressed in his 1947 book Man for Himself. He states that he is not asserting that his thesis applies to all researchers and practitioners in the field of psychoanalysis.
In an updated forward to a 1967 printing, Fromm indicates that he believed the work had held up despite advances made over the intervening years, and he made no changes.
According to an early reviewer, Fromm wrote Psychoanalysis and Religion in "an effort to reconcile the faith of the scientist with the ageless belief of man in the goodness and omnipotence of the Absolute...."
As evidenced by this and his other works, Fromm was fascinated by the psychological aspects of religion and what seemed to be a ubiquitous need for religion by humans. Fromm postulated an explanation for this phenomenon, that people respond to and are comforted by the structure and discipline of church authority. Religion helps people to find fellowship and some modicum of control over their lives, and is thus a defense against feelings of powerlessness and loneliness. "To some people return to religion is the answer, not as an act of faith but in order to escape an intolerable doubt; they make this decision not out of devotion but in search of security." (Fromm 1950, p. 4) Self-awareness, with its potential for causing acute emotional feelings, can be frightening and overwhelming. Religion may serve to help ameliorate such fears.
In discerning the positive and negative effects of religion on individuals, Fromm drew a distinction between authoritarian and humanistic religions. Authoritarian religious entities promulgate the belief that humans are at the mercy of an omnipotent God, whereas humanistic ones promote the belief that the power of God is visible in the mane of the individual. According to Fromm, authoritarian religions disserve the individual by denying their individual identities, while humanistic ones provide for personal validation and growth.
While Fromm provided for the possibility that religion could be a positive influence in an individual's life, perhaps facilitating happiness and comfort, his critique serves mainly to condemn, at a very basic level, most religious orders, especially those orders most commonly practiced in Western culture. Accordingly, Fromm's thesis is rejected by most theologians.
See also
Psychology of religion
Jensen, Walter A. (2017). "Humanistic and authoritarian religions." In Erich Fromm's contributions to sociological theory. Kalamazoo, MI: Printmill, pp. 11-58. .
References
1950 non-fiction books
Books about psychoanalysis
Philosophical literature
Yale University Press books
Works by Erich Fromm
Bas 90 (Flygbassystem 90, Air Base System 90) was an air base system used by the Swedish Air Force during the Cold War. Bas 90 was developed during the 1970s and 1980s from the existing Bas 60 system in response to the new threats and needs that had arisen since the conception of the Bas 60 system during the 1950s. Like its predecessor, the Bas 90 system was based around defensive force dispersal of aircraft across many krigsflygbaser (wartime air bases) in case of war, as well as dispersion of the air base functions within the individual bases themselves. The air units would have been dispersed so one squadron (8-12 aircraft) would be stationed per krigsflygbas. The system was a protective measure against nuclear weapons and airstrikes, the purpose being to make it complicated for an opponent to destroy the Swedish Air Force on the ground and thus ensure endurance for the air force in a conflict scenario.
The Six-Day War, where the Israeli Air Force destroyed most of the Egyptian Air Force on the ground during its opening stages in Operation Focus, served both as validation for the Swedish dispersion concept and as reason to develop the system further. Another reason to improve the system was the introduction of long range attack aircraft (primarily the Su-24) and cluster munitions and anti-runway bombs, which made air bases more vulnerable to conventional bombing. Bas 60 had primarily been designed around the threat of nuclear weapons.
The development of Bas 90 began in the 1970s and started being implemented in the 1980s. The main improvements in Bas 90 compared to Bas 60 was the addition of backup runways in direct vicinity to the main airfield, a more mobile groundcrew and improved communication technology.
The goal was to have a total of about 200 runways of different types available for military use across Sweden. This included bases that would not be upgraded to Bas 90 standard, road runways from the Bas 60 system and selected civilian airports. The air bases became organized into flygbasgrupper (air base groups). One air base group consisted of a main base (built or planned to be built to Bas 90 standard) and a number of alternative and reserve bases.
During peace time the air squadrons were stationed at their respective air wing and deployment to the wartime air bases would only occur when the threat level increased. But many of the air wings also doubled as wartime air bases and thus some air wings were also built to Bas 90 standard. The wartime air bases were only manned by a smaller bastropp (base troop) during peace time and the full base battalion would only be manned with a mobilization (except during certain exercises). This was because the majority of the units were made up by conscripts. The base system was therefore never fully active during the time it existed, like the rest of the Swedish Armed Forces during the Cold War and the immediate period after.
Base layout
Bas 90 bases were mainly built from existing Bas 60 bases. The new system required expanding base infrastructure and construction of new fortifications. The new layout meant that the effective size of a base became 20-40 square kilometers, including surrounding terrain that needed to be surveilled and defended.
Main runway
The main runway was the same as in the Bas 60 system and remained unchanged. It was a typical runway at a length of and wide, with runway aprons and a taxiway running parallel to it.
The main runway was designated Helge (H) in accordance with the Swedish phonetic alphabet, with Helge standing for Huvudbana (Main runway).
Kortbanor - Short runways
In order to avoid having aircraft become unable to operate from a base after an hostile airstrike on it kortbanor ("short runways" or "short strips") were built as backup runways in the vicinity of the airfield. Typically 2-3 kortbanor were built per base. Similar to the road runways in the Bas 60 system these runways were often built on public roads. A kortbana differed in dimensions from a Bas 60 road runway though; a kortbana was in length and in width, compared to the older road runways which were in length and in width. Using shorter runways was made possible by the STOL capability of the Viggen (and later the Gripen). Also unlike the Bas 60 road runways the new short runways were built in direct vicinity and directly connected to the main airfield and each other via taxiways, which often also were sections of public road integrated into the base infrastructure. This meant that a Bas 90 base had several kilometers of taxiways in total. Usage of the short runways was limited in adverse light and weather conditions and would primarily be used if the main runway was not available.
The short runways were designated Bertil (B), Cesar (C), David (D), and so on in accordance with the Swedish phonetic alphabet. The designations were assigned from north to south.
Flight line positions
Compared to Bas 60, the flight line positions in a Bas 90 base were dispersed even further. Individual aircraft spaces (hardstands) were spread out along the taxiways across the entire area of the base, separated by up to . 20-40 individual aircraft hardstands were built on a base, which was more than the number of aircraft that would be stationed there. This was to allow for moving around the flight line operations on a base over time. An aircraft landing on a base would be met by a motorcycle unit that then marshaled the aircraft to its hardstand, where the groundcrew would be waiting. The hardstands could be concealed with camouflage nets and decoy aircraft were used to counter enemy aerial reconnaissance. Aircraft on stand-by at a hardstand would be connected to the bases communication net in order for the pilot to communicate directly with the base command and air defense central and also receive mission orders.
Operations
Kommandocentral - Command Centre
The Kommandocentral (KC), Command Centre, from Bas 60 was kept, but expanded to be manned by 10 people instead of 6-8. The KC was located in an underground bunker and was from where the air traffic operations on the base were led and organized.
Bascentralen (BasC) - The Base Central
A new addition in Bas 90 was Bascentralen (BasC), The Base Central, where the base command would be stationed. The BasC was located in an underground bunker. Pilots would also be stationed at the BasC in between missions. The BasC was equipped with computers for mission planning and the data could then be transferred to the aircraft computers.
TLF - The Traffic Leader At The Field
Trafikledaren Vid Fältet (TLF), The Traffic Leader At The Field, assisted in air traffic operations and could take them over completely if necessary. If someone was acting as TLF at one of the short runways they could also take over if required, carrying the necessary radio equipment in a vehicle.
Basbataljon 85 - Base battalion
A new type of base battalion was introduced with Bas 90; basbataljon 85 (base battalion type 85).
One of the main improvements with the new battalion type was a more mobile groundcrew that could perform mobile flight line operations. This meant that the groundcrew became motorized in order to quickly deploy to and between the bases many and spread out flight line positions, carrying the necessary aircraft munition, fuel, tools and other equipment in their vehicles and on trailers. This capability was called rörlig klargöring (mobile turnaround). The groundcrew units would have their staging areas spread out and located away from the base infrastructure as a safety measure, and then deploy from there as ordered. One group of groundcrew (klargöringstropp) consisted of 15 men, with 6 vehicles of different kinds and 4 trailers. A klargöringstropp was dimensioned and equipped to serve one aircraft.
Another addition was the newly formed Swedish Air Force Rangers, which were tasked with searching for and intercepting approaching attackers and infiltrators outside the bases normal defensive perimeters.
About 30 basbataljon 85 were organized during the 1980s. One battalion consisted of the following units:
Bataljonstab (battalion command): command of the base and the battalion.
Stabskompani (command company): air traffic control of aircraft on the ground and in the air.
Stationskompani (station company): aircraft groundcrew and maintenance.
Markförsvarskompani (ground defense company): base defense and surveillance, consisting of närskyddsplutoner (proximity defense platoons) and Flygbasjägare (Air Force Rangers). The närskyddsplutoner would form the defense around the immediate base area and the Air Force Rangers would patrol further away from the base.
Skyddskompani (security company): base security, removal of unexploded ordnance and fire fighting.
Flygfältsarbetskompani (field works company): base infrastructure repair and maintenance.
Underhållskompani (service company): medical care, food service and logistics.
The defense of the base could also be reinforced with infantry and anti-air units from the Swedish Army.
Today
The Bas 90 project slowed down with the end of the cold war, and was halted by the mid 1990s. The system was completely scrapped in the 2000s and many of the wartime air bases have been demilitarized and sold to civilian owners. About 20 bases had been expanded to Bas 90 standard to varying degrees when the project was halted.
However, with the international developments during the 2010s, particularly in regards to Russia and the Russia-Ukraine conflict, there is renewed interest in reclaiming former air bases and their capabilities.
List of Bas 90 air bases
Initially the Bas 90 project focused on expanding the air bases in northern Sweden, as the air force wanted to increase the base capacity in the region.
References
Notes
Books
Journals
Web
External links
Flygbassystem 90 (YouTube), Flygvapnets TV-studio. In Swedish, English subtitles.
Swedish Air Force
Military aviation
Cold War
The Carroll County Courthouse in Carrollton, Georgia was built in 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It is located at Newnan and Dixie Streets in Carrollton.
It was designed by architect William J.J. Chase and was built by the Carr Construction Co.
It has an unusually large courtroom, tall and in plan.
References
County courthouses in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Carroll County, Georgia
Beaux-Arts architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Government buildings completed in 1928
1928 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
DeButts, sometimes spelt as deButts or De Butts, is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Augustus De Butts (1770–1853), British Royal Engineer officer
John D. deButts (1915–1986), American businessman
Harry A. deButts (d. 1983), American businessman
Henry De Butts, United States Army captain
Samuel DeButts, American physician
Fabio Talarico (born 15 August 1968 in Argentina) is an Argentinean retired footballer.
References
Argentine footballers
Living people
Association football midfielders
1968 births
Boca Juniors footballers
Unión de Santa Fe footballers
AS Cannes players
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
The 1982 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season. In its second season under head coach Rex Dockery, the team compiled a 1–10 record (0–4 against conference opponents) and was outscored by a total of 284 to 129. The team played its home games at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Trell Hooper with 1,194 passing yards and 30 points scored, Richard Williams with 480 rushing yards, and Derrick Crawford with 523 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Franklin County is a county in Southern Illinois. At the 2020 census, it had a population of 37,804. The largest city is West Frankfort and the county seat is Benton. This area of Southern Illinois is known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
Franklin County was established on January 2, 1818 and formed from parts of Gallatin and White counties. It was named for Benjamin Franklin.
Coal mining
Coal was mined in Franklin County as early as 1889, at the King Coal Mine, located at Township 5 South, Range 3 East.
The high levels of gas found in Franklin County's coal deposits have resulted in mining disasters and explosions over the years. Between 1905 and 1968, there were eleven mine disasters. In 1905, the Zeigler No. 1 mine, located in Zeigler, had an explosion that killed about fifty people. In 1917, an explosion in Old Ben Mine No. 11, located in Christopher, killed 17. The worst explosion occurred in 1951, in the Orient No. 2 Mine in West Frankfort, in which 119 people died.
The West Frankfort quadrangle of Franklin County is home to 17 coal mines, according to a 2004 report.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (5.2%) is water. Wayne Fitzgerrell State Recreation Area is located in this county.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Benton have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in August 2007. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
In 1912, a tornado destroyed facilities at the Possum Ridge Mine.
On March 18, 1925, Franklin County was among five southern Illinois counties effected by the infamous Tri State Tornado. The storm cut across the southern edge of the county, hitting West Frankfort and destroying most of the northern side of town, causing significant damage to the town's mining facilities. Farther to the east, the village of Parrish was also struck, and was never rebuilt. The storm killed 192 people in Franklin County, injuring hundreds more and leaving scores of people homeless.
Adjacent counties
Jefferson County (north)
Hamilton County (east)
Saline County (southeast)
Williamson County (south)
Jackson County (southwest)
Perry County (west)
Major highways
Interstate 57
Illinois Route 14
Illinois Route 34
Illinois Route 37
Illinois Route 148
Illinois Route 149
Illinois Route 154
Illinois Route 184
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 39,561 people, 16,617 households, and 10,912 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 18,525 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.7% white, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 21.8% were German, 18.7% were Irish, 15.9% were English, 9.4% were American, and 5.7% were Italian.
Of the 16,617 households, 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were married couples living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.3% were non-families, and 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.88. The median age was 41.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,381 and the median income for a family was $43,170. Males had a median income of $39,122 versus $28,950 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,504. About 14.5% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.5% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Benton (seat)
Christopher
Orient
Sesser
West Frankfort
Zeigler
Villages
Buckner
Ewing
Freeman Spur (mostly in Williamson County)
Hanaford
Macedonia (partly in Hamilton County)
North City
Royalton
Thompsonville
Valier
West City
Census-designated place
Mulkeytown
Townships
Franklin County is divided into twelve townships:
Barren
Benton
Browning
Cave
Denning
Eastern
Ewing
Frankfort
Goode
Northern
Six Mile
Tyrone
Unincorporated communities
Akin
Akin Junction
Cleburne
Deering City
Frisco
Kegley
Meyer
Parrish
Pershing
Plumfield
Rend City
Steel City
Valier Patch
West End
Whittington
Education
Regional
Franklin, Johnson, Massac, and Williamson County Regional Office of Education #21
Primary and secondary
Christopher Unit School District #99
Sesser Unit School District
Benton School District #47
Frankfort Community Unit School District #168
Zeigler-Royalton Community Unit School District #188
Thompsonville Community Unit School District #174
Ewing-Northern Community Unit School District #115
Higher education
John A. Logan College Extension Center - West Frankfort
Specialized
Franklin & Jefferson County Special Education Cooperative
Politics
Franklin County voted mostly for Democratic US presidential candidates until 2000. Since then it has voted for Republican presidential nominees.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Illinois
Ku Klux Klan in Southern Illinois
Fourth Franklin County Courthouse
References
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
United States National Atlas
Illinois counties
1818 establishments in Illinois Territory
Populated places established in 1818
Franklin County, Illinois
Franklin County, Illinois
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Edgar Sanderson (16 March 1874 – after 1898) was an English footballer who played for Jarrow, Notts County and Stoke.
Career statistics
Source:
References
English footballers
Jarrow F.C. players
Notts County F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
English Football League players
Year of death missing
1874 births
Association football fullbacks
Nirmon is a Goan Konkani film produced in 1966. It was directed by A. Salam and produced by Frank Fernand. The film features C. Alvares, Shalini, Anthony D'Sa, Ophelia, Souza Ferrao, Antonette and Jacinto Vaz.
Cast and crew
Nirmonn was Frank Fernand's second production. It had story and direction of A. Salam and music by Frank Fernand himself, dialogues by C. Alvares, screenplay and editing by R. V. Shirkhande. The film stars Shalini Mardolkar, C. Alvares, Anthony D'Sa, Jacint Vaz, Antonette Mendes, Ophelia, Jack Souza Ferrao and J. P. Souzalin.
Inspiration
Nirmonn is based on Lord Tennyson's character from the 1864 poem Enoch Arden.
Remake
In 1967, it was remade into the Bollywood movie Taqdeer, in which Shalini Mardolkar acted the lead role as in the original film. Taqdeer, produced by Rajshri Productions was dubbed into seven other languages. The Hindi film was also directed by A. Salam.
Awards
The film won two National Awards at the hands of India's then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. C. Alvares (Celestino Alvares), known as the "King of Duets" received the award for best actor in the Konkani film Nirmon. This film had a powerful story and won the Certificate of Merit for regional films at the 13th National Film Awards, the first of its kind for Konkani.
Music
The songs of Nirmon have also become immortal. The music was released on Angel Records under EMI of The Gramophone Company of India, and also manufactured and distributed by The Gramophone Company.
References
External links
Konkani-language films
1966 films
Films based on Enoch Arden
1960s Konkani-language films
Executive Order 14032, titled Addressing the Threat From Securities Investments That Finance Certain Companies of the People's Republic of China, was an executive order signed by United States President Joe Biden on June 3, 2021. The order came into effect on August 2, 2021.
The order expands the scope of the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13959 and prohibits U.S. persons from investing in Chinese companies identified by the U.S. government as having ties to China's military or surveillance industry.
Reactions
Wang Wenbin, the spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China, accused the United States of "overextending the concept of national security" and "abusing its national power", and suggested China would retaliate. The Hang Seng Index dropped 1.1% following the announcement of the order.
References
Executive orders of Joe Biden
United States sanctions
Sanctions against China
2021 in American law
China–United States relations
Shay K. Azoulay () is an Israeli writer who writes in English and Hebrew.
Plays
Azoulay's debut play, "The Platoon", a satire about the IDF, won first place in the 2012 staged reading festival "Zav Kriah". The play was staged in Tel Aviv's Tzavtah Theater in 2014-2015 and received good reviews in the press, including a review by prominent theater critic Michael Handelzalts, who compared it to the work of Hanoch Levin. The play also stirred controversy, following an article which mistakenly claimed that the play depicts IDF soldiers raping Palestinian women. A member of the Tel Aviv municipal council sent a letter to the theater, demanding that they stop the staging of the play.
Azoulay's other work includes the one-act play "Shade", which participated in the Tzavtah Theater's 2012 Short play Festival, and "Barabas" - a reimagining of Christopher Marlowe's "The Jew of Malta".
Fiction
Azoulay's debut novel Lazaretto was published in summer 2019 in Hebrew. A review in Haaretz described the novel as “an ambitious, high-tension novel, seeped in paranoia... Lazaretto is a disturbing and stirring dystopia which haunted me while I was reading it and even after I'd finished.” The novel was named "Book of the Year" by LaIsha Magazine which dubbed it "the novel that predicted the pandemic"
Azoulay has also written a series of short stories entitled "Minor Writers of the Entropic Age". These stories include "The Invention of H. P. Lovecraft", published in Flapperhouse Magazine, "The Bard of Hastings" published in The Cost of Paper and "Permaculture", which won second prize in the 2016 Zoetrope: All-Story short fiction contest.
Also included in this series is "Jacob Wallenstein, Notes for a Future Biography", a work of fiction regarding a "forgotten" Israeli science fiction novelist and his 1,000 page magnum opus. In 2013 Azoulay submitted this story to Tablet magazine, claiming that it was a true account of the nonexistent writer's life and work. An editor at the magazine was initially excited by the story, but eventually discovered that it was a hoax, though he decided to publish the story anyway, together with a forward explaining his discovery of the hoax.
Other short works by Azoulay have appeared in The Molotov Cocktail and McSweeney's Internet Tendency.
Translations
Azoulay also works as a Hebrew to English translator, translating non-fiction, children's literature, and plays, including works by playwright Hanoch Levin.
References
External links
Shay K. Azoulay - official website.
Shay Azoulay on the Israeli Dramatists Website.
Shay Azoulay on The Short Story Project.
1979 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli novelists
Israeli male dramatists and playwrights
Translators from Hebrew
Literary forgeries
City College of New York alumni
Ticket to Paradise () is a 2011 Cuban drama film written and directed by Gerardo Chijona. In 2011 Ticket to Paradise won the Havana Star Prize for Best Film (Fiction) at the 12th annual Havana Film Festival New York.
Cast
Miriel Cejas as Eunice
Héctor Medina as Alejandro
Dunia Hernandez as Lidia
Jorge Perugorría as Rensoli
Saray Vargas as Yusmary
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
Punk films
2010s Spanish-language films
Cuban drama films
The 1998 Ealing Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Ealing London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1998
1998 London Borough council elections
The Khóo Tsú-song old house () is a historical site located in Keelung, Taiwan. The place is named after its main owner, Khóo Tsú-song (1874-1945), a Taiwanese notable who has been in charge of Keelung city as well as Taipei province during the Japanese period. Khóo Tsú-song (許梓桑) is his name pronounced in Hokkien, his mother tongue, but he is more well-known today as Hsu Tsu-sun, which is the same name with a pronunciation in Mandarin. Adding to his political responsibilities, he was also a well-known personality in artistic circles, especially connected with poets from all over the country.
His house has been built in 1931. Located very close to what is today the famous Keelung night market, the only streets to reach the house are narrow walking passage transforming into stairways that finally lead to the house, on the top of a hill, with a peculiar view on the rooftops of Keelung city.
Recognized as a historical building since 2001, the place which is partially privately owned, does not benefit from the protection guaranteed by the status of the Historical Site. Currently, the place has been abandoned by its previous owners and has no inhabitants since more than 30 years. Due to disrepair and weathering, the house is now a ruin, and the second floor has no roof anymore. Most of the red brick walls and the windows are still there.
The house is made of several architectural influences. The massive red brick walls remind the fortifications and official buildings erected by Dutch and Spanish colonizers in Damshui and Tainan. The two floors structure could be from the same European style influence, as for the symmetrical two sides stairway leading to the second floor. But once we are on the second floor, the style and the disposition of the rooms, as for the central square are all very typical of the Fukien architecture that we still find all around Taiwan.
In July 2014, an organization called the Keelung Youth Front started to clean the Khóo Tsú-song old house in order to allow the public to be able to visit this architectural patrimony of Keelung city.
References
1931 establishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Keelung
Historic sites in Taiwan
Houses completed in 1931
Houses in Taiwan
Tourist attractions in Keelung
Yarck railway station is a former railway station in Yarck, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened in November 1890 when the branch line from Tallarook was extended to Merton. After the station closed along with the line in 1978, the main station building was sold and moved elsewhere. A good shed, and a passenger shelter in poor condition, remain at the site of the station.
References
See also
Victorian Railway Stations - Yarck
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1890
Railway stations closed in 1978
Disused railway stations in Victoria (Australia)
Mansfield railway line
Robert Max Wideman (born 19 January 1927) is a British project management consultant. He is the creator of the first edition of A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge, the Project Management Institute's foundational book on the process of project management. Wideman is also well known for his free comprehensive project management knowledge web site. that contains over 12,500 pages, 550 Issacons (issues and considerations), and 280,000 links (as of September 2010).
Early life, education, and career
Wideman was born at home in Penarth on 19 January 1927. He attended Alpha School in Harrow and later the Bedford Modern School due to the outbreak of World War II. In 1944 Wideman obtained entrance to the City and Guilds section of the Imperial College in Kensington and was close to the center of London throughout the V-1 and V-2 rocket attacks.
In 1947 Wideman graduated with a Bachelor of Science with Honours in civil engineering. He then spent two years performing the mandatory National Service for the British Government that was required of every male at that time. After initial training Wideman was sent to Lüneburg in Germany as a Lance Bombardier in the Royal Artillery. He also spent time during this period teaching basic education subjects to enlisted soldiers in the British Army.
Upon completion of his service in 1949, Wideman then worked for the Demolition and Construction Company. His first job was a contract for modernizing and expanding a steel mill in Scunthorpe in North Lincolnshire. Wideman was registered as a pupil engineer under agreement for two years while qualifying for his membership in the Institution of Civil Engineers. To complete the qualifying requirements prior to taking the final exam for the Institution of Civil Engineers, Wideman moved to the British colony of Northern Rhodesia in 1951 to work for the Colonial Service in the Department of Water Development and Irrigation.
From 1955 to 1966, Wideman resided in England working for Sir Murdoch Macdonald & Partners, London, UK, and later for John Mowlem & Co. Ltd, London, UK. In 1961 he was promoted to the position of Construction Agent (Site Construction Manager).
From 1966 to the present Wideman has resided in Canada, living in the cities of Toronto, Victoria, and Vancouver. He has held a number of professional titles including project manager, project director, vice president, and principal. Since 1990, Wideman has provided project management consulting through his own company, AEW Services.
Project management
Wideman has been active in the US based Project Management Institute (PMI) since 1974. In the mid-1980s, he led a team of 80 PMI volunteers across North America to document the institute's project management body of knowledge, known as "The PMBoK" (The Project Management Body of Knowledge). It was approved and published by PMI in 1987. This document has since been upgraded seven times by the distribution of "A Guide to the PMBoK". Subsequent to this original PMBoK work, he was elected president and then Chairman of the PMI Board. He has been honored with Fellow, Project Management Institute.
Wideman is author of several books on project management. These include: A Framework for Project and Program Management Integration (1991) and Project and Program Risk Management: A Guide to Managing Project Risks and Opportunities (1992) as PMI's handbooks; Cost Control of Capital Projects (Second Edition 1995) and his latest book A Management Framework for Project, Program and Portfolio Integration (2004).
Over the last five years he has dedicated his spare time to researching "best" and even better practices in project management across the entire PMBoK spectrum. This includes the new and emerging discipline of project portfolio management. More importantly, he has made this entire information freely available to the public on his web site.
Wideman Education Foundation
In November 2004 the Canadian West Coast Chapter of PMI established an independent education foundation, later named after Wideman. This was due to Wideman's donation of the proceeds of his book, 'A Framework for Project and Program Management Integration' to the Canadian West Coast Chapter. After PMI HQ ceased selling the book in 2004 the subsequent royalties, in the amount $51,000.00, were used as the seed money to start the Wideman Education Foundation.
The foundation's mission is, "To teach, develop, promote, and encourage the use of proven, successful project management skills that are needed everyday by everyone."
Wideman continues to be involved with the foundation and holds a seat on the board of directors.
Awards
Fellow, Institution of Civil Engineers, UK, 1969
Fellow, Engineering Institute of Canada, 1977
Distinguished Contribution, Project Management Institute 1985
Person of the Year, Project Management Institute 1986
Professional Service Award, Association of Professional Engineers of BC, 1988
Fellow, Project Management Institute, 1989
Fellow, Canadian Society of Civil Engineers, 1994
Offices
Engineering Institute of Canada Vice President Ontario Region, 1973–1974
Founding President, Canadian West Coast Chapter of the Project Management Institute, 1979
Project Management Institute Vice President Member Services, 1984–1986
Project Management Institute President, 1987
Project Management Institute Chairman of the Board, 1988
Founding Sponsor & Secretary, The Wideman Education Foundation, 2007
Bibliography
A Framework for Project and Program Management Integration (1991) ()
Project and Program Risk Management: A Guide to Managing Project Risks and Opportunities (1992) ()
Cost Control of Capital Projects (Second Edition 1995) ()
A Management Framework for Project, Program and Portfolio Integration (2004) ()
References
External links
1927 births
British civil engineers
Canadian civil engineers
Fellows of the Engineering Institute of Canada
Living people
People from Penarth
Project Management Institute
Royal Artillery soldiers
People educated at Bedford Modern School
British emigrants to Canada
20th-century British Army personnel
A COVID-19 party (also called coronavirus party, corona party, and lockdown party) is a gathering held with the intention of catching or spreading COVID-19. It is a type of pox party where the intentional spread of disease is chosen to build up post-infection immunity. Parties have been reported to occur during the omicron wave, due to the belief that omicron causes only mild infection. Experts caution that infection with COVID runs the risk of hospitalization, and rare side effects such as MIS-C and long COVID.
A number of news reports in the United States have suggested that parties have occurred with this intention early in the pandemic. However, such reports appear to involve sensational and unsubstantiated media coverage or misleading headlines which misrepresent the content of an article. Such stories have been compared to urban legends.
In the Netherlands, the term "coronavirus party" and other similar terms may refer to a party that is organized during the COVID-19 pandemic but without any intention of spreading the virus. As the party occurs during the COVID-19 pandemic, it may involve breaking existing regulations and restrictions to prevent COVID-19 infections (i.e. on people gatherings).
History
In March 2020 Andy Beshear, the governor of Kentucky, reported that young people were taking part in parties and later testing positive for COVID-19. "The partygoers intentionally got together 'thinking they were invincible' and purposely defying state guidance to practice social distancing," he said. A CNN headline on 25 March 2020 stated, "A group of young adults held a coronavirus party in Kentucky to defy orders to socially distance. Now one of them has coronavirus." On the same day NPR published the headline "Kentucky Has 39 New Cases; 1 Person Attended A 'Coronavirus Party. Both headlines misrepresented the content of the article and the quotes they used from Beshear who did not mention intentional parties for catching COVID-19, but rather that young people were attending parties and becoming sick with COVID-19.
On 6 May, The Seattle Times reported that Meghan DeBold, director of the Department of Community Health in Walla Walla, Washington, said that contact tracing had revealed people wanting to get sick with COVID-19 and get it over with had attended COVID parties. DeBold is quoted as saying "We ask about contacts, and there are 25 people because: 'We were at a COVID party. An opinion piece for The New York Times by epidemiologist Greta Bauer on 8 April 2020 said she had heard "rumblings about people ... hosting a version of 'chickenpox parties'... to catch the virus". Rolling Stone states that Bauer did not cite "direct evidence of the existence of these parties." The New York Times reported on 6 May 2020 that stories such as the Walla Walla Covid Party "may have been more innocent gatherings" and county health officials retracted their statements.
On 23 June, Carsyn Leigh Davis was said to have died from COVID-19 at the age of 17 after her mother took her to a COVID party at her church, despite Carsyn having a history of health issues, including cancer. However, according to the coroner's report, there is no mention of a COVID party but rather a church function with 100 children where she did not wear a mask and where social distancing protocols were not followed. According to David Gorski, writing for Science-Based Medicine, the church party was called a "Release Party" and there is no evidence that the party was held so that people could intentionally catch COVID-19.
Response
Some news agencies consider COVID-19 parties to be a myth. Rolling Stone called "shaming people on the internet for not properly socially distancing" the favorite new American pastime. They state that these headlines are meant to be virally shared, and they considered the reality to be that young people had simply attended parties where they caught COVID-19, rather than deliberately attending them to contract COVID-19. Rolling Stone attributed the popularity of the stories to "generational animosity" and said that the coronavirus party stories "gives people cooped up in their homes a reason to pat themselves on the back and congratulate themselves for their own sacrifices". The Seattle Times article from Walla Walla backtracked the day after publishing their COVID-19 party story by stating they may not have been accurate.
Wired criticized reports on CNN and others of supposed college students in Tuscaloosa, Alabama throwing parties with infected guests then betting on the contagion that ensues. "They put money in a pot and they try to get Covid," said City Council member Sonya McKinstry, who was the story's lone source. "Whoever gets Covid-19 first gets the pot. It makes no sense." Wired says that these stories spread like a game of telephone with "loose talk from public officials and disgracefully sloppy journalism". "It is, of course, technically impossible to rule out the existence of Covid-19 parties. Maybe somewhere in this vast and complex nation, some foolish people are getting infected on purpose. It is also possible that the miasma of media coverage will coalesce into a vector of its own, inspiring Covid parties that otherwise would not have happened. But so far there's no hard evidence that even a single one has taken place—just a recurring cycle of breathless, unsubstantiated media coverage."
Investigator Benjamin Radford researched the claims from the media and stated that there was nothing new to these stories, and that the folklore world has seen stories of people believing that being inoculated against smallpox may turn people into cows. These stories cycle through social media, and include "poisoned Halloween candy, suicide-inducing online games, Satanists, caravans of diseased migrants, evil clowns, and many others." Other childhood diseases such as chickenpox and measles in years before vaccines to prevent these illnesses, some parents would hold 'pox parties' which Radford claims are still "often promoted by anti-vaccination groups". "Assuming you have a willing and potentially infectious patient (who's not bedridden or in a hospital)" holding a COVID-19 party would be problematic for many reasons, including not knowing if someone has COVID-19 or the flu as well as not knowing a person's viral load, according to Radford. He described the entire premise of the parties as "dubious".
All stories reported in the media had "all the typical ingredients of unfounded moral panic rumors", according to Radford. This includes teachers, police, school districts, governors "who publicize the information out of an abundance of caution. Journalists eagerly run with a sensational story, and there's little if any sober or skeptical follow-up". On 10 July 2020, a WOAI-TV station from San Antonio, Texas ran a story interviewing the Chief Medical Officer of Methodist Healthcare, Dr. Jane Appleby, who according to WOAI said she had heard from someone that a patient told their nurse right before dying that they had attended a COVID party to see if the virus was real or not, and now they regretted attending the party. Radford considers the stories "classic folklore (a friend-of-a-friend or FOAF) tale presented in news media as fact", noting that they were often anonymous third-hand story with no verifiable names or other details. He described the "deathbed conversation" ending to the story as being a "classic legend trope".
See also
Pox party
Bugchasing
Digital contact tracing to verify adherence to COVID-19 restrictions
Partygate scandal
References
Cultural responses to the COVID-19 pandemic
Parties
Urban legends
Christen Andersen Vallesværd (1797–1842) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1833, representing the constituency of Nedenes og Robygdelagets Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He served only one term.
References
1797 births
1842 deaths
Members of the Storting
Aust-Agder politicians
Guillermo Martínez Casañ (Valencia, Spain, 4 December 1955) is a Spanish politician and former Member of the Spanish Parliament who belongs to the People's Party (PP).
Martínez is qualified in law and has LL.M. in Air and Space Law, Shipping Law, as well as in International law from University College London. He began his professional career working as a counsel lawyer in the UK and France before entering politics in 1986 becoming a Principal Administrator in the European Parliament. He was active in Observer during the Turkish referendum at the end of the military regime, the end of Sandinism in Nicaragua and the end of Apartheid in South Africa. He was in charge of the Temporary Committee for the Unification of Germany.
He joined the Spanish Parliament in 1993 when he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies from Valencia region, which he represented until 2004. He served as the spokesman of the Committee on the Affairs of the European Union in both upper and lower legislative chambers. Martínez-Casan was a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe as the chairman of the Committee on the Environment, Agriculture and Local and Regional Affairs. He was appointed as a rapporteur on the Caucasus and Azerbaijan affairs on several occasions.
His other titles included the vice-president of the Spanish delegation and the chairman of the Conservative Group and Political Committee in the Western European Union Assembly; vice-chairman of the European Movement Spain and board member of the European Movement International. Afterwards, he joined the Cabinet of Ms Loyola de Palacio.
In January 2005, he re-joined his post as an official in the European Parliament. Since 2005, Martínez-Casan has been the director of the European Ideas Network (EIN) a centre-right think tank sponsored by the European People's Party Group (EPP Group). Since 2009, Mr Martínez-Casan is one of the two co-secretary's generals, with Walid Phares of the Trans-Atlantic Group on Counter Jihad Terrorism (TAG) with offices in Brussels and Washington DC.
References
External links
Biography at Spanish Congress website
1955 births
Living people
People from Valencia
Members of the 5th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 6th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 7th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Politicians from the Valencian Community
People's Party (Spain) MEPs
Francisco Javier Arana Castro (; 3 December 1905 – 18 July 1949) was a Guatemalan military leader and one of the three members of the revolutionary junta that ruled Guatemala from 20 October 1944 to 15 March 1945 during the early part of the Guatemalan Revolution. A major in the Guatemalan army under the dictator Jorge Ubico, he allied with a progressive faction of the army to topple Ubico's successor Federico Ponce Vaides. He led the three-man junta that oversaw the transition to a democratic government, although he was personally reluctant to allow the elected President Juan José Arévalo to take office in 1945. He served as the Chief of the Armed Forces in the new government until 1949. On 18 July 1949 he was killed in a shootout with supporters of the Arévalo government after he threatened to launch a coup.
Early and personal life
Francisco Javier Arana Castro was born on 3 December 1905 in Villa Canales, Guatemala. His parents, Ángel María Arana and Margarita Castro, were from a lower-middle-class family. He had both Spanish and Indigenous heritage, and the latter trait was visually more prominent. He did not have a formal education, but he was relatively well read, and was described by his contemporaries as canny and intelligent, and as a charismatic and convivial person. He was described as a poor public speaker, but as a very persuasive man in intimate conversations. In 1946, during the Guatemalan Revolution, a staff member at the United States embassy described his politics as nationalist, as well as being slightly pro-American.
October revolution
In June 1944, a series of popular protests forced the resignation of dictator Jorge Ubico. Ubico appointed Federico Ponce Vaides leader of a three-person junta which would lead the provisional government. A few days later, Ponce Vaides persuaded the Congress to appoint him interim president. Ponce pledged to hold free elections soon, while continuing Ubico's policy of suppressing the protests. This resulted in growing support for an armed revolution among some sections of the populace. By this time, the Guatemalan Army was disillusioned with the junta, and progressives within it had begun to plot a coup.
Arana became a member of this plot only in its later stages; the plot was initially led by Jacobo Árbenz and Aldana Sandoval. However, as the commander of the Guardia de Honor, Arana was in a position of substantial authority within the army. Sandoval was able to persuade Arana to join the coup in its final stages. On 19 October, Arana and Árbenz launched a coup against the government of Ponce Vaides. They were joined the next day by other factions of the army and the civilian population. Initially, the battle went against the revolutionaries, but after an appeal for support their ranks were swelled by unionists and students, and they eventually subdued the police and army factions loyal to Ponce Vaides. On 20 October, the next day, Ponce Vaides surrendered unconditionally. Both Arana and Arbenz fought with distinction in the coup. Arana, Árbenz and Jorge Toriello became members of a new three-person ruling junta, with Arana, who as a Major was the ranking army officer, becoming its senior member.
Arana did not wish to turn over power to a civilian administration. He tried to persuade Árbenz and Toriello to postpone the election, and after Juan José Arévalo was elected President in December 1944, he asked them to declare the election results invalid. Árbenz and Toriello insisted that Arévalo be allowed to take power, which Arana reluctantly agreed to, on the condition that Arana's position as the commander of the military be unchallenged. Arévalo had no choice but to agree to this, and so the new Constitution of Guatemala, created in 1945, created a new position of "Commander of the Armed Forces," a position which was more powerful than that of the defense minister. He could only be removed by Congress, and even then only if he was found to have broken the law. When Arévalo was inaugurated as President, Arana stepped into this new position, and Árbenz was sworn in as defense minister.
Chief of the Armed Forces
After Arana assumed his new and powerful position, an American embassy official stated in a dispatch that Arana was the type of personality that might assume dictatorial power. On 16 December 1945, Arévalo was seriously injured in a car accident and incapacitated for a period. The leaders of the Revolutionary Action Party (PAR), the party that supported the government, were afraid that Arana would take the opportunity to launch a coup. A handful of its leaders approached Arana and made a deal with him, which later came to be known as the Pacto del Barranco (Pact of the Ravine). Arana agreed to refrain from seizing power with the military; in return, the PAR agreed to support Arana's candidacy in the next presidential election, scheduled for November 1950. This undertaking was given in writing. However, it was kept a secret; the American embassy only learned of it in 1947. Arévalo himself recovered swiftly, but was forced to support the agreement.
Although Guatemala was not completely democratized by the Guatemalan Revolution (illiterate women, for example, were still denied the vote) it nonetheless brought about substantial labor reforms. The parties that supported Arévalo's government were led by young middle class individuals, who supported this process. The reforms alarmed Guatemala's landowning elite, who looked for a political candidate who would support their cause. Thus, a number of wealthy Guatemalans began to cultivate Arana's support against the labor reforms of Arévalo. Arana began to publicly complain about the labor reforms, without actually taking any actions against Arévalo. In the 1948 congressional election, he supported a number of anti-Arévalo candidates; however, none of them were elected to Congress.
After the electoral failure, Arana continued to try, through threats and persuasion, to get elected representatives to support him. He talked to José Manuel Fortuny, a leftist leader in the PAR. Fortuny later said that Arana asked him "Why don't you and your friends like me? I'm not a man of the right," to which Fortuny responded "We are not against you. We appreciate the role that you played in the revolt against Ponce. It's just that you have no sympathy for labour." By 1949 the National Renovation Party and the PAR were both openly hostile to Arana. A small faction of the Popular Liberation Front (FPL) supported him, but was soundly defeated at the FPL party convention in 1949. As a result, the faction split off to support Arana. The leftist parties decided to back Árbenz instead, as they believed that only a military officer could defeat Arana. In 1947, Arana had demanded that certain labor leaders be expelled from the country; Árbenz vocally disagreed with Arana, and the latter's intervention limited the number of deportees.
Death
In order to run for election, the constitution required that Arana resign his military position by May 1950, and that his successor be chosen by Congress from a list submitted by the Consejo Superior de la Defensa (CSD). Elections for the CSD were scheduled for July 1949. The months before this election saw intense wrangling, as Arana supporters tried to gain control over the election process. Specifically, they wanted the election to be supervised by regional commanders loyal to Arana, rather than centrally dispatched observers. Arana called an emergency meeting of the CSD just before the scheduled election, at which no agreement was reached; but a few days later, Arana's supporters suddenly gave in to the demands of Arbenz' supporters.
On 16 July 1949, Arana delivered an ultimatum to Arévalo, demanding the expulsion of all of Árbenz' supporters from the cabinet and the military; he threatened a coup if his demands were not met. Arévalo informed Árbenz and other progressive leaders of the ultimatum, who all agreed that Arana should be exiled. A secret meeting of the permanent committee of the congress met and voted to dismiss Arana. Cuban President Carlos Prío Socarrás agreed to give Arana asylum there. Two days later, Arévalo and Arana had another meeting, at which Arévalo later said that Arana was highly threatening and abusive. On the way back, Arana's convoy was intercepted by a small force led by Árbenz. A shootout ensued, killing three men, including Arana. Arana's supporters in the military rose up in revolt, but they were leaderless, and by the next day the rebels asked for negotiations. The coup attempt left approximately 150 dead and 200 wounded. Many of Arana's supporters, including Carlos Castillo Armas, were exiled. The details of the incident were not made public.
In a speech on 21 July, Arévalo made a speech describing Arana's death. He suggested that Arana had flirted with conspiring against the president with people hostile to Arévalo, but had eventually refused to overthrow the government, and been assassinated for his refusal. He did not name the assassins, but suggested that they were members of the conservative opposition. He declared five days of national mourning in Arana's honor. Prior to making this speech, Arévalo shared the text with his ministers. Árbenz and a few others had disagreed with its thrust, and suggested that the entire truth be told; however, they were overruled by the majority of the ministers. Historian Piero Gleijeses stated that if Arana had attempted a coup without delivering an ultimatum, he would likely have succeeded. However, his overconfidence in his hold over the military, as well as his lingering desire to take power in a legitimate manner, led to his effort being sabotaged before it truly began. Gleijeses also stated that Árbenz probably had orders to capture, rather than to kill, Arana.
References
Sources
Further reading
1905 births
1949 deaths
Presidents of Guatemala
Anti-Communist Unification Party politicians
Conservatism in Guatemala
Guatemalan Revolution
Deaths by firearm in Guatemala
Guatemalan military personnel
Guatemalan people of Spanish descent
Guatemalan people of indigenous peoples descent
People from Guatemala Department
The 2015–16 División de Plata de Balonmano is the 22nd season of second-tier handball competition in Spain.
The regular season was to begin in September 2015. After completing 30 matchdays, the top ranked team would be promoted to Liga ASOBAL, and each subsequently ranked team (2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th) would compete in the promotion playoff for the one open spot in the Liga ASOBAL. The three bottom ranked teams would be relegated to Primera Estatal.
Competition rules
The regular season competition would consist of 16 teams playing each other twice for a total of 30 matchdays. At the end of the regular season, the top ranked team in the standings would be promoted to Liga ASOBAL. Teams in 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th place would play each other in the promotion playoff for a single spot in Liga ASOBAL. The bottom three ranked teams would be relegated to Primera División Estatal.
Points during regular season are awarded as follows:
The winner in each match would be awarded 2 points.
A draw in any match would have 1 point awarded to each team.
Teams
RGC Covadonga achieved the berth of the reserve team of BM Granollers, which resigned to play in División de Plata.
Regular season standings
Promotion playoffs
The promotion playoffs were played at Pabellón Polideportivo Artaleku, home of the top seeded team Bidasoa Irún on 4 and 5 June 2016.
The winner of this playoff promoted to Liga ASOBAL with the regular season champion Atlético Valladolid.
Bracket
References
External links
Regular season standings
Full schedule
División de Plata de Balonmano seasons
2015–16 in Spanish handball
Valeri Hristov (Bulgarian: Валери Христов; born 10 March 1998) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Yantra Gabrovo.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
FC Chernomorets Balchik players
FC Montana players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Varna, Bulgaria
Nora Baker may refer to:
Noor Inayat Khan (1914–1944), British spy who used the alias Nora Baker
Character played by Susan Sarandon in the film White Palace''
was a Japanese waka poet and Confucian scholar of the late ninth and early tenth centuries. His exact birth and death dates are unknown but he flourished around 889 to 923. He was one of the Chūko Sanjūrokkasen and one of his poems was included in the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu.
He was a son of and a nephew of Ariwara no Yukihira and Ariwara no Narihira. Ten of his poems were included in the Kokin Wakashū and fifteen in later imperial anthologies.
The following poem by him was included as No. 23 in Fujiwara no Teika's Ogura Hyakunin Isshu:
References
Bibliography
McMillan, Peter. 2010 (1st ed. 2008). One Hundred Poets, One Poem Each. New York: Columbia University Press.
Suzuki Hideo, Yamaguchi Shin'ichi, Yoda Yasushi. 2009 (1st ed. 1997). Genshoku: Ogura Hyakunin Isshu. Tokyo: Bun'eidō.
9th century in Japan
9th-century Japanese poets
10th-century Japanese people
10th-century Japanese poets
Ōe clan
Japanese male poets
Hyakunin Isshu poets
Nawa Pind Shonkia Da (In English - Modern village of stylish people) also known as Nawa Pind and Nawa Pind Arayian Da is a village in Nakodar. Nakodar is a tehsil in the city Jalandhar of Indian state of Punjab. It was previously known as Nawa Pind Arian Da because of its large Muslim population; even today that name is often used in official files.
Name
It is believed that in the later part of nineteenth century when umbrellas were not very common in India, people of Nawa Pind used to use umbrellas in hot sun and that's how people started calling them stylish. By the turn of the twentieth century nearly every household in the village had a family member who had migrated to East Africa for work. On returning home these people would bring back gifts such as umbrellas, not cover against rain but the sun! But that is only one part of the story. Nawa Pind was a very modern pind at that time even in comparison to towns and cities in British India. Majority of the houses were brick built with modern facilities and the streets were brick paved. There was a school in the village paid for and run by the villagers. Nawa Pind came into existence in later part of the eighteenth century. Unlike now, it was barren land and the first building in the village was somewhere near to where the playground is, previously a pond. Hence the name, Nawa Pind (New Village) with the reference 'Shonkia Da' added later. Before partition the majority population was Arian Muslims. There were few Sikh and Christian families in the village too. Their ancestry could be traced back to the first village founder. After the partition whole of the village, except for those still residing in East Africa, migrated to Pakistan but fate would have it that most would get reunited again in the United Kingdom.
About Nawa Pind
Nawa Pind is famous for the temple of Baba Bhole Peer (Bhole Peer da mela 13 Haad i.e.
Gathering of people on 13 Haad which lies somewhere in the mid of May of Christian calendar).
It is connected by railways through the railway station Sidhwan. It is also connected to addhi Khuyi which lies in the mid of Nakodar & Nurmahal. Nawa Pind is almost 425 kilometers from New Delhi and approximately 120 kilometers from Amritsar. It lies between the city Nakodar and Nurmahal. People in this village are mostly Sikhs and Hindus. It is said that before the partition of India it was a Muslims village, but after the creation of Pakistan Muslims moved to Pakistan. The neighbouring village of Nawa Pind are Sidhwan, Bir Pind, Sanghe Jagir, Littran and Sanghe Khalsa.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Nakodar tehsil
The Bahamas will compete at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, England between 28 July and 8 August 2022. It will be the team's sixteenth appearance at the Games.
In June 2022, a team of 28 athletes was announced. Swimmers Izaak Bastian and Lilly Higgs were the country's flagbearers during the opening ceremony.
Medalists
Competitors
The Bahamas will send a contingent of 28 competitors to the Games.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Athletics
As of 14 June 2022, a squad of eleven athletes – including Tokyo 2020 champion Steven Gardiner – will take part in the competition.
Men
Track and road events
Field events
Combined events – Decathlon
Women
Track and road events
Boxing
As of 14 June 2022, a squad of two boxers will take part in the competition.
Men
Cycling
As of 14 June 2022, a squad of two cyclists will take part in the competition.
Road
Men
Judo
As of 14 June 2022, a squad of two judokas will take part in the competition.
Swimming
As of 14 June 2022, a squad of eight swimmers will take part in the competition.
Men
Women
Mixed
Triathlon
As of 14 June 2022, one triathlete will take part in the competition.
Individual
Wrestling
As of 14 June 2022, a squad of two wrestlers will take part in the competition.
References
External links
Bahamas Olympic Committee Official site
Nations at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Bahamas at the Commonwealth Games
2022 in Bahamian sport
Relangi is a village in the Chintapalle area of Alluri Sitharama Raju district, in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The village had a population of 118 as of the 2011 census.
The village is administrated by an elected sarpanch (head of village), as mandated by the Gram panchayat laws in the constitution of India.
References
Villages in Alluri Sitharama Raju district
William Francis Ganong Jr. (July 6, 1924 – December 23, 2007) was an American physiologist at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), and was one of the first scientists to trace how the brain controls important internal functions of the body.
Life
William Francis "Fran" Ganong Jr. was born in Northampton, Massachusetts, the son of renowned botanist and Smith College professor William Francis Ganong Sr. and geologist Anna Hobbet Ganong. Dr. Ganong died in Albany, California at the age of 83, after living with prostate cancer for 17 years.
Career
Dr. Ganong was a graduate of Harvard Medical School and served with the United States Army during World War II and the Korean War in which he was part of a medical team that established a MASH unit, the Hemorrhagic Fever Center.
He was one of the discoverers of Lown-Ganong-Levine syndrome, an electrical abnormality that affects heart rhythm.
Dr. Ganong became an assistant professor at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1955. Three years later, he moved to the University of California, San Francisco, (UCSF) to help start a research program in physiology. In the course of his research, he discovered that blood pressure and fluid balance – the salt and water levels in the body – are regulated by hormones from the adrenal gland and the kidney, a key finding for developing ways to treat hypertension.
He was chairman of the physiology department at UCSF from 1970 to 1987, and served as the 50th president of The American Physiological Society, from 1977 to 1978. He retired in 1999, but continued research in neuroendocrinology, becoming the Lange Professor of Physiology Emeritus at UCSF.
Publications
Dr. Ganong was the author of the influential textbook Review of Medical Physiology, first published in 1963 and, as of 2019, in its 26th edition. It has been translated into 18 languages.
References
W.F. Ganong Obituary at The American Physiological Society
1924 births
2007 deaths
Harvard Medical School alumni
American physiologists
University of California, Berkeley faculty
University of California, San Francisco faculty
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
People from Northampton, Massachusetts
William
Pekka Olavi Kostiainen (born March 16, 1944) is a Finnish composer and choral conductor.
Kostiainen was born in Jyväskylä, Finland, and graduated from the Sibelius Academy in 1968. He continued his composing studies with Professor Jouko Tolonen and completed his composing diploma in 1973. He completed postgraduate studies with Einar Englund, Joonas Kokkonen and Einojuhani Rautavaara.
He served as a cantor at the Pohja Finnish Parish from 1969 to 1971, and as a lecturer at the University of Jyväskylä from 1971 to 2000. Since 2000 he has worked as a composer and choral conductor.
He is widely known abroad, especially as a choral music composer. In Jyväskylä, from 1977 to 2018 Kostiainen led the Musica Choir, which he founded, and from 1994 to 2008 he was director of the Vox Aurea children's choir. In 2004, he was awarded an honorary doctorate at the University of Jyväskylä. Kostiainen was elected Chief Choir of the Year in 2005. Alba Records has released eight CDs with Kostiainen conducting his own works with his own choirs.
References
External links
Pekka Kostiainen at the Arts Council of Central Finland website
1944 births
Finnish choral conductors
Finnish composers
Finnish male composers
Finnish conductors (music)
People from Jyväskylä
Sibelius Academy alumni
Living people
21st-century conductors (music)
21st-century male musicians
Elisabete Ribeiro Tavares Ansel (born 7 March 1980 in Palencia, Spain) is a Portuguese athlete specialising in the pole vault. Born to Portuguese parents of Cape Verdean descent, she has two younger sisters who also compete in the pole vault, Sandra-Helena Tavares and Maria Leonor Tavares.
She has personal bests of 4.35 metres outdoors (Albi 2008) and 4.40 metres indoors (Pombal 2008).
Competition record
References
1980 births
Living people
Portuguese female pole vaulters
Portuguese people of Cape Verdean descent
Imma grammarcha is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1905. It is found in Sri Lanka and possibly on Borneo.
The wingspan is 23–24 mm. The forewings are brown with the extreme costal edge yellowish from one-fourth to the middle. The base of the dorsum is suffused with dark fuscous and there is a short yellow mark on the middle of the costa from which an obscurely indicated yellowish line proceeds to the dorsum beyond the middle. An obscure dark fuscous discal spot is found at three-fifths and there is a small triangular yellow spot on the costa before the apex, from which a very faintly indicated yellowish line proceeds to the termen below the middle. There is also a terminal series of cloudy dark fuscous dots and the extreme terminal edge is whitish ochreous. The hindwings are dark fuscous, lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1905
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The 2022 Nobel Prize in Literature is an international literary prize that will be announced by the Swedish Academy in Stockholm, Sweden, on October 6, 2022, and awarded late in 2022.
The 2021 Nobel laureate was awarded to Tanzanian-born British novelist Abdulrazak Gurnah "for his uncompromising and compassionate penetration of the effects of colonialism and the fate of the refugee in the gulf between cultures and continents".
Nominees
Betting Odds Nominees
Among the strongest contenders for the 2022 Nobel Prize in Literature were the following authors:
Both novelists Javier Marías and Hilary Mantel were initially included at the online betting sites, but due to their sudden deaths were eventually removed.
Official Nominees
Records of nominations are strictly kept secret by the Swedish Academy for 50 years until they are made publicly available but some literary organizations and academies would announce beforehand their nominations. The following list were the authors nominated formally for the 2022 prize:
Nobel campaigns for Rushdie
Following the attack on the British author Salman Rushdie on August 12, 2022 as he was about to give a public lecture at the Chautauqua Institution in Chautauqua, New York, numerous academic institutions and societies started calling the attention of the Swedish Academy's Nobel Committee to bestow him this year's Nobel Prize in Literature. Among the authors calling to recognize Rushdie were French philosopher Bernard-Henri Lévy, French Minister of Culture Françoise Nyssen, British writers Ian McEwan and Neil Gaiman, Indian writers Kavery Nambisan and Adil Jussawalla, and Canadian author Margaret Atwood who declared, "If we don't defend free speech, we live in tyranny: Salman Rushdie shows us that." American journalist David Remnick explains why Rushdie deserves the Nobel Prize:
Rushdie, known for his controversial 1988 novel The Satanic Verses which earned him a fatwā from Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Khomeini, has annually been included in the Ladbrokes odds. Journalist Jeff Simon of The Buffalo News expressed the possibility of Rushdie winning the prestigious prize, saying:
It was not until 27 years after when the Swedish Academy, who had been neutral regarding the Rushdie affairs, has condemned the Iranian death warrant against the British author. Prior to the condemnation, two of the Academy's members, Kerstin Ekman and Lars Gyllensten, stopped participating in the Academy's work in protest at its refusal to make an appeal to the Swedish cabinet in support for Rushdie.
Rushdie is noted for his literary works such as Midnight's Children (1981), The Moor's Last Sigh (1995), Shalimar the Clown (2005), and Joseph Anton: A Memoir (2012), an account of his life in the wake of the events following The Satanic Verses. Since then he has become an icon for "freedom of speech" in the realm of literature.
Nobel Committee
The Swedish Academy's Nobel Committee is composed of the following members:
Anders Olsson, Chair; Seat 4
Ellen Mattson, Seat 9
Steve Sem-Sandberg, Seat 14
Anne Swärd, Seat 13
Per Wästberg, Seat 12
Mats Malm, associate member and permanent secretary; Seat 11
References
External links
The Nobel Prize in Literature nobelprize.org
Swedish Academy svenskaakademien.se/en
Nobel Prize in Literature
2022 awards
The First Baptist Church is a historic church at 346 Main Street in Yarmouth, Maine, United States. The congregation was established in 1796 at the nearby North Yarmouth and Freeport Baptist Meetinghouse. It moved to its current location in 1889.
The building was designed by noted architect John Calvin Stevens. Its clock was a donation, added after the completion of the church.
References
External links
Official website
Churches in Yarmouth, Maine
Churches completed in 1889
19th-century churches in the United States
Sorry Saranghaeyo (; Kaorak thi kaoli Sorry saranghaeyo; ) is a 2010 Thai film directed and written by Poj Arnon
Summary
Kana, a Thai girl who crazies in the Korean drama The Prince of Red Shoe and a Korean idol Ajoo, she traveled to South Korea with her family and friends.
In South Korea, she accidentally meets Ajoo by her dreams and cause the chaos followed.
Cast
Haru Yamaguchi as Kana (Chinese kale)
Ajoo as Himself
Saran Sirilak as Won
Kachapa Toncharoen as Elisa
Thanya Rattanamalakul as Mara (Gourd) (before surgery)
Patrick Paiyer as Zen
Guy Ratchanont as Chai
Phutawan Techatewnich as Kwangtung (Bok choy)
Wasana Chalakorn as Grandma
Nareekrajang Kantamas as Mom
Pan Plutaek as Dad
Anusorn Naiyanan as Methun (Gemini)
Hedpoh Chernyim as Cherry
Sarinee Dokkadone as Strawberry
Meytika Puttavibul as Muaylek (Maknae)
Arisara Thongborisut as Mara (after surgery) (cameo)
Pavarisa Phenjati as Herself (cameo)
Lim So Hee as Korean surgeon (cameo)
Oh Chang Suk as Ajoo's manager (cameo)
Trivia
The Prince of Red Shoe, a Korean drama that Kana is addicted to. Its title derives from a Thai entertainment scandal in 2009 when famous singer Nathan Oman claimed he was filming a Hollywood movie The Prince of Red Shoe in the Middle East alongside world-class performers Bruce Willis and Christina Ricci, he also claimed that the movie was directed by Wolfgang Petersen. Before society busted that it was actually a story that he faked all over.
See also
Hello Stranger
References
External links
Official trailer
Thai films
Thai comedy films
Thai LGBT-related films
Transgender-related films
Films shot in South Korea
Films set in South Korea
Films set in Seoul
Thai-language films
2010s Korean-language films
2010 comedy films
2010 films
Films directed by Poj Arnon
The Antares is a glider built by Lange Aviation produced with three different wingspans, 18, 20 and 23 meters. The 20 and 23 meter variants can be equipped with a 42-kW electric motor and SAFT VL 41M lithium-ion batteries.
The EM 42 is a fixed-shaft brushless DC electric motor (see Lange EA 42) running at 190-288 V, and drawing up to 160 A, the 42 kW motor can deliver up to 216 N.m of torque over a speed range of 160-1600 RPM with a total efficiency of 90%. Maximum continuous power is 38.5 kW, the motor weighs 29 kg, and the weight of power electronics is 10 kg. The motor turns a two-blade fixed-pitch propeller, LF-P42, constructed of composite materials, having a diameter of two meters.
The battery system consists of two battery packs positioned in the leading edges of both inner wings (72 cells divided into 24 modules containing 3 cells each). The battery life is expected to be 3000 cycles or 20 years. The capacity of the battery is 41 Ah (specific energy 136 Wh/kg and specific peak power 794 W/kg). The batteries can deliver 13 minutes at maximum power and maximum climb speed, and can climb 3,000 meters on one battery charge; in reality, in warm climates, motor and electronics temperature limitations can limit the achievable climb height. The charger is integrated inside the fuselage so when landing elsewhere the pilot merely has to find a (16A) electric outlet socket. The glider has a modem connected to its main computer so that Lange technicians can, in theory, run diagnostics remotely. The same modem allows the pilot remote control & monitoring of the battery charging process.
The undercarriage and engine doors are electro-hydraulically operated. The tailwheel is steerable. The wing has an elliptical planform, with winglets and wing-tip wheels. The glide polar shows excellent high speed performance.
Variants
Antares 18S - 18 meter wingspan pure gliders.
Antares 18T - 18 meter wingspan gliders with Solo 2350 two-stroke gasoline sustainer engine.
Antares 20E - 20 meter wingspans with 42 kW electric self-launch capable engine.
Antares 23E - 23 meter wingspans with 42 kW electric self-launch capable engine.
Specifications
Antares 20E
Antares 23E
See also
References
Lange Aviation website
Specification of Antares 20E
Specification of Antares 23E
SAFT VL41M Data sheet
E1 Antares Type-certificate data sheet
Lange EA 42 engine Type-certificate data sheet
LF-P42 propeller Type-certificate data sheet
Antares
2000s German sailplanes
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Motor gliders
Mid-wing aircraft
Electric aircraft
Mid-engined aircraft
T-tail aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 2003
The men's discus throw event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 19–21 August.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification: 59.50 m (Q) or at least 12 best (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
Qualification Group A results
Qualification Group B results
Final results
Discus
2011
Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 84 (HSC-84) "Red Wolves" was a helicopter squadron of the United States Navy Reserve. Along with the "Firehawks" of HSC-85, the “Red Wolves” were one of only two squadrons in the U.S. Navy dedicated to supporting Navy SEAL and SWCC Teams, and Combat Search & Rescue. Prior to their deactivation in March 2016 they operated 14 HH-60H Rescue Hawks organized into four independent, two aircraft detachments that could deploy anywhere in the world within 72 hours of notice.
History
HSC-84 was established on 1 July 1976 at NAS Norfolk, Virginia by CDR James L Poe, USNR and CDR Theodore G Sholl, USNR as Helicopter Attack Squadron (Light) Four (HAL-4) equipped with Bell HH-1K Huey gunships to provide dedicated aviation support for Naval Special Warfare (NSW), Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) and Special Warfare Combatant-craft Crewmen (SWCC) Teams.
HAL-4 continued the traditions of its predecessor HAL-3 "Seawolves", which was established on 1 April 1967 in Vietnam as the only Helicopter Attack Squadron in the Navy. Operating the UH-1/HH-1, HAL-3 proved the concept of using specially outfitted naval helicopters to provide insertion/extraction and direct fire support, for Naval Special Warfare Teams and Riverine Forces. HAL-3 was disestablished 16 March 1972.
On 1 October 1989, HAL-4 was re-designated Helicopter Combat Support Special Squadron 4 (HCS-4). Along with a change in designation, HCS-4 also received the HH-60H Seahawk and added Strike Rescue to its primary mission of Naval Special Warfare support.
In December 1990, HCS-4 was mobilized and deployed one detachment to Saudi Arabia in support of Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm marking the first use of the HH-60H in combat. Using the squadron's capability to independently deploy to remote sites, four helicopters with support personnel were based at RSAF Tabuk, Saudi Arabia and operated from forward bases at Al Jouf and Ar'Ar (an alert strip from the Iraqi border). Living in and operating out of tents, HCS-4 provided 24-hour Strike Rescue and Special Warfare support to coalition forces.
In September 1994, HCS-4 was once again called upon, this time in support of Operation Uphold Democracy in Haiti. In less than 48 hours, two aircraft with support personnel were equipped and ready for combat operations aboard ships of the Atlantic Fleet. The detachment initially deployed aboard the aircraft carrier before splitting into two single aircraft detachments, one crossdecking to the cruiser to provide Special Warfare support and the other to the destroyer for Strike Rescue Support.
In January 1996, HCS-4 deployed a one helicopter detachment in support of the aircraft carrier during its deployment to the Adriatic Sea for Operation Joint Endeavor. The detachment completed the squadron's first ever six-month deployment seamlessly integrating with Helicopter Anti-submarine Squadron 5 (HS-5) in support of operations in the Balkans.
In September 2001, HCS-4 was winding down a successful mini-detachment to Ft. Belvior, Virginia when the morning of September 11th, 2001 they received word of a terrorist attack on The Pentagon. Detachment personnel quickly loaded up one aircraft with medical supplies and launched it to the Pentagon. Upon arriving at the Pentagon the aircraft and crew maintained a standby alert posture for the next few days.
In March 2003, HCS-4 was once again called upon to deploy in support of Operation Noble Eagle and Iraqi Freedom. HCS-4 deployed four helicopters and support personnel to support this mission. Two helicopters and support personnel were stationed in Akrotiri, Cyprus. Two helicopters and support personnel were stationed on and the .
On 1 October 2006, HCS-4 was redesignated Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron Eight Four (HSC-84). HSC-84 continued to be the forefront in the U.S. Navy as the premier Rotary wing Special Operations support.
On 7 December 2014 Navy times posted, HSC-84 and 85 are scheduled to shut down in fiscal year 2016. That would likely force fleet helo pilots to pick up special operations missions, which Butcher characterized as a problematic plan since these missions require specialized flight training and gear.
A SOCOM spokesman referred a request for comment to the Navy.
"We're continuing to look at all options as we formulate our FY 16 budget, but at this point in time these options are all pre-decisional," Navy spokesman Lt. Rob Myers told Navy Times Nov. 21. "As with our FY15 budget submission, we will balance requirements with affordability to ensure we are delivering the right capabilities to the operational commanders and support to our sailors in the fleet."
On 19 March 2016, after 40 years of service in support of the United States special forces operations, the command was deactivated at Naval Station Norfolk.
Insignia lineage
The Viet Cong had given the title "Seawolf" to HAL-3. In Vietnamese, their words for it would be "Shoi Ben". The colors on the shield are taken from the Republic of Vietnam Flag, the Ace of Spades is the card of death, the trident represents the squadrons' sea heritage, the flame their power to sustain. Many of the aspects of the original HAL-3 logo were kept, with the exceptions of the blue wolf and the color of the shield. The wolf was inspired by the Löwenbräu beer's logo (showing actually a lion).
References
External links
SeaWolf.org
Global Security
Unofficial HSC-84 Site
See also
History of the United States Navy
List of United States Navy aircraft squadrons
Helicopter sea combat squadrons of the United States Navy
Jacksonia anthoclada is a plant in the Fabaceae family. It is endemic to Western Australia.
The species was described in 2007 by Jennifer Anne Chappill and others.
It is found in the IBRA region of the Geraldton Sandplains.
Description
Jacksonia is an erect shrub, growing from 1.5 m to 2.5 m high on white or grey sands. Its yellow and red flowers are seen in April.
References
External links
Jacksonia anthoclada occurrence data from the Australasian Virtual Herbarium
anthoclada
Flora of Western Australia
Cindy Orquídea Lima García known as Cindy Lima (born 21 June 1981) is a former Spanish professional basketball player representing Spain, winning four medals including gold in the 2013 EuroBasket. She played in 15 teams and 9 countries in her career. She competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Club career
Born in Barcelona to a Cuban mother and an Angolan father, Lima played in youth clubs Inmaculada Horta, [[Segle XX] and Santa Rosa de Lima. She made her debut in the top tier of the Spanish League in 1998 with UB-Barça. After her second season, she signed for [Portugal|Portuguese]] club CAB Madeira, where she remained for one year. She spent the following eight seasons in Spain: four at Celta de Vigo Baloncesto, two at Mann Filter and two at CB San José León.
She played in a variety of clubs from 2009 onwards: Latvia's TTT Riga, Cyprus's KV Imperial and Spain's Ros Casares Valencia just in the 2009-2010 season. She played for French team Aix en Provence in 2011-12. The following season Lima played for Turkish Tarsus Beledeyesi and Hungarian Uni Győr. The 2013-2014 season started for Lima at CB Conquero in Spain and finished at Egyptian team Al Gezira. Her last season as a professional player started for Lima at the Czech Republic's SBS Ostrava and finished in France, playing for Tarbes.
National team
She made her debut with Spain women's national basketball team at the age of 26. She played with the senior team for 7 years, from 2007 to 2014, getting 120 caps and 3.4 PPG. She participated in the (Beijing 2008) Olympic tournament, one World Championships and four European Championships:
5th 1997 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship for Women (youth)
1998 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women (youth)
5th 2000 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women (youth)
2007 Eurobasket
5th 2008 Summer Olympics
2009 Eurobasket
2010 World Championship
5th2011 Eurobasket
2013 Eurobasket
References
1981 births
Living people
Spanish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Spanish people of Angolan descent
Spanish sportspeople of African descent
European sportspeople of Angolan descent
Spanish people of Cuban descent
Centers (basketball)
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1929 season.
Overview
It was contested by 5 teams, and Olimpija won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1
Latvia
Latvia
Trion Supercars is an American car manufacturer based in Las Vegas. It was founded in 2012 by American automotive engineer Richard Patterson. The company developed the "Nemesis", which is going to be their first vehicle. The Nemesis will be offered in several different variations, with the highest trim having up to 2000 horsepower, powered by a 552 cubic inch (9045ccm) quad-cam V8.
History
In July 2015, Trion first unveiled the Nemesis as a full-scale concept model to the public, along with one of the intended drivetrains. The car was initially intended to enter production in 2018.
In January 2016, the Trion Nemesis RR was unveiled at the Silicon Valley Auto Show. In November 2016, Trion Supercars displayed the Nemesis in the SEMA Show followed by the LA Auto Show.
The Trion Nemesis is planned to be produced as a street legal vehicle, aiming to become the fastest street legal car. Pre-orders in 2016 had a base price of 1.6 million USD.
The Nemesis RR is a mid-engine four-wheel drive supercar, powered by a 9.0L twin turbocharged V8 engine capable of producing 2000 hp. Power will be channeled to all four wheels via an eight-speed sequential transmission. The RR will feature all-wheel drive, traction management system and 10 speaker JBL sound system. The Trion Nemesis RR is intended to compete with the Bugatti Chiron and the Koenigsegg One:1.
The Nemesis GT was expected to reach a top speed of 218 mph, accelerate from 0-60 mph in 3.5 seconds, and deliver about 1400 horsepower. The base model started at 1.2 million USD.
References
External links
Car manufacturers of the United States
Rear mid-engine, all-wheel-drive vehicles
Sports car manufacturers
Grand tourers
Luxury motor vehicle manufacturers
Love Likes Coincidences 2 () is a 2020 Turkish romantic drama film directed by Ömer Faruk Sorak and İpek Sorak.
Cast
Nesrin Cavadzade (Defne)
Yiğit Kirazcı (Kerem)
Elif Doğan (Die Junga Sema)
Aytaç Şaşmaz (Der Junge Niko)
Hülya Gülşen Irmak (Nuran)
Levent Can (Yorgo)
Türkü Turan (Aylin)
Eli Mango (Marika)
Zuhal Olcay (Sema)
Uğur Polat (Niko)
Erkan Can (Kemal)
References
External links
2020 films
2020 romantic drama films
Turkish romantic drama films
2020s Turkish-language films
Films set in Turkey
Films scored by Ozan Çolakoğlu
Turkish sequel films
Guerrilla warfare during the American Civil War (1861–1865) was a form of warfare characterized by ambushes, surprise raids, and irregular styles of combat. Waged by both sides of the conflict, it gathered in intensity as the war dragged on and had a profound impact on the outcome of the Civil War.
Background
Guerrilla warfare in the American Civil War followed the same general patterns of irregular warfare conducted in 19th century Europe. Structurally, they can be divided into three different types of operations: the so-called 'people's war', 'partisan warfare', and 'raiding warfare'. Each had distinct characteristics that were common practice during the war.
Operations
People's war
The concept of a 'people's war,' first described by Clausewitz in his classic treatise On War, was the closest example of a mass guerrilla movement in the 19th century. In general during the American Civil War, this type of irregular warfare was conducted in the hinterland of the border states (Missouri, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, and northwestern Virginia / West Virginia). It was marked by a vicious quality of neighbors fighting each other as other grudges got settled. It was frequent for residents of one part of a single county to take up arms against their counterparts in the rest of the vicinity. Bushwhacking, murder, assault, and terrorism were characteristics of this kind of fighting. Few participants wore uniforms or were formally mustered into the actual armies. In many cases, civilians fought against civilians or civilians fought against opposing enemy troops.
One such example was the opposing irregular forces operating in Missouri and northern Arkansas from 1862 to 1865, most of which were pro-Confederate or pro-Union in name only. They preyed on civilians and isolated military forces of both sides with little regard for politics. From the semiorganized guerrillas, several groups formed and were given some measure of legitimacy by their governments. Quantrill's Raiders, who terrorized pro-Union civilians and fought Federal troops in large areas of Missouri and Kansas, was one such unit. Another notorious unit, with debatable ties to the Confederate military, was led by Champ Ferguson along the Kentucky-Tennessee border, who became one of the few figures of the Confederate cause to be executed after the war. Dozens of other small, localized bands terrorized the countryside throughout the border region during the war, bringing total war to the area that lasted until the end of the Civil War and, in some areas, beyond.
Partisan warfare
Partisan warfare, in contrast, more closely resembled commando operations of the 20th century. Partisans were small units of conventional forces, controlled and organized by a military force for operations behind enemy lines. The 1862 Partisan Ranger Act, passed by the Confederate Congress, authorized the formation of such units and gave them legitimacy, which placed them in a different category from the common 'bushwhacker' or 'guerrilla'. John Singleton Mosby formed a partisan unit (the 43rd Battalion) that was very effective in tying down Union forces behind their lines in northern Virginia in the last two years of the war. Groups such as Blazer's Scouts, White's Comanches, the Loudoun Rangers, McNeill's Rangers, and other similar forces at times served in the formal armies, but they often were loosely organized and operated more than partisans than as cavalry, especially early in the war.
Raiding warfare
Lastly, deep raids by conventional cavalry forces were often considered 'irregular' in nature. The "Partisan Brigades" of Nathan Bedford Forrest and John Hunt Morgan operated as part of the cavalry forces of the Confederate Army of Tennessee in 1862 and 1863. They were given specific missions to destroy logistical hubs, railroad bridges, and other strategic targets to support the greater mission of the Army of Tennessee. Morgan led raids into Kentucky as well. In his last raid, he violated orders by going across the Ohio River and raiding in Ohio and Indiana as well since he wanted to bring the war to the North. The long raid diverted thousands of Union troops. Morgan captured and paroled nearly 6,000 troops, destroyed bridges and fortifications, and ran off livestock. By mid-1863, Morgan's Raiders had been mostly destroyed in the late days of the Great Raid of 1863.
Some of his followers continued under their own direction, such as Marcellus Jerome Clarke, who kept on with raids in Kentucky. The Confederacy conducted few deep cavalry raids in the latter years of the war, mostly because of the losses in experienced horsemen and the offensive operations of the Union Army. Federal cavalry conducted several successful raids during the war but in general used their cavalry forces in a more conventional role. A good exception was the 1863 Grierson's Raid, which did much to set the stage for General Ulysses Grant's victory during the Vicksburg Campaign.
Counterinsurgency
Counterinsurgency operations were successful in reducing the impact of Confederate guerrilla warfare. In Arkansas, Union forces used a wide variety of strategies to defeat irregulars. They included the use of Arkansas Unionist forces as anti-guerrilla troops, the use of riverine forces such as gunboats to control the waterways, and the provost marshal's military law enforcement system to spy on suspected guerrillas and to imprison those who were captured. Against Confederate raiders, the Union army developed an effective cavalry itself and reinforced that system by numerous blockhouses and fortification to defend strategic targets.
However, Union attempts to defeat Mosby's Partisan Rangers fell short of success because of Mosby's use of very small units (10–15 men) that operated in areas that were considered to be friendly to the Confederates. Another regiment, known as Thomas' Legion, had white and anti-Union Cherokee Indians, morphed into a guerrilla force and continued fighting in the remote mountain back-country of western North Carolina for a month after Robert E. Lee's surrender at Appomattox Court House. That unit was never completely suppressed by Union forces, but it voluntarily ceased hostilities after capturing the town of Waynesville, North Carolina, on May 10, 1865.
Aftermath
In the late 20th century, several historians focused on the Confederate government's decision to not use guerrilla warfare to prolong the war. Near the end of the war, some in the Confederate administration who advocated continuing the fight as a guerrilla conflict. Such efforts were opposed by Confederate generals such as Lee, who ultimately believed that surrender and reconciliation were the best options for the war-ravaged South.
Notable guerrillas
See also
Bushwhackers - (Confederate)
Jayhawkers - (Union)
Partisan rangers - (Confederate)
Primary sources
U.S. War Department, The War of the Rebellion: A Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies, 70 volumes in 4 series. Washington, D.C.: United States Government Printing Office, 1880–1901.
Lowell Hayes Harrison, James c. Klotter, A New History of Kentucky, Lexington, KY: University Press of Kentucky, 1997
Further reading
Beckett, Ian Frederick William. Encyclopedia of guerrilla warfare (ABC-Clio, 1999)
Beilein, Joseph M. and Matthew Christopher Hulbert, eds. The Civil War Guerrilla: Unfolding the Black Flag in History, Memory, and Myth. Lexington: University Press of Kentucky, 2015. .
Browning, Judkin. Shifting Loyalties: The Union Occupation of Eastern North Carolina (Univ of North Carolina Press, 2011)
Fellman, Michael. Inside War: The Guerrilla Conflict in Missouri During the American Civil War (Oxford University Press, 1989)
Gallagher, Gary W. "Disaffection, Persistence, and Nation: Some Directions in Recent Scholarship on the Confederacy." Civil War History 55#3 (2009) pp: 329–353.
Grant, Meredith Anne. "Internal Dissent: East Tennessee's Civil War, 1849-1865." (thesis 2008). online
Hulbert, Matthew Christopher. "Constructing Guerrilla Memory: John Newman Edwards and Missouri's Irregular Lost Cause," Journal of the Civil War Era. 2, No. 1 (March 2012), 58–81.
Hulbert, Matthew Christopher. The Ghosts of Guerrilla Memory: How Civil War Bushwhackers Became Gunslingers in the American West. Athens: University of Georgia Press, 2016. .
Hulbert, Matthew Christopher. "How to Remember'This Damnable Guerrilla Warfare': Four Vignettes from Civil War Missouri," Civil War History. 59, No. 2 (June 2013), 142–167.
Hulbert, Matthew Christopher. "The Rise and Fall of Edwin Terrell, Guerrilla Hunter, U.S.A.," Ohio Valley History. 18, No. 3 (Fall 2018), 42–61.
Mackey, Robert R. The Uncivil War: Irregular Warfare in the Upper South, 1861-1865 (University of Oklahoma Press, 2014 reprint)
Mountcastle, Clay. Punitive War: Confederate Guerrillas and Union Reprisals (University Press of Kansas, 2009)
Nichols, Bruce, Guerrilla Warfare in Civil War Missouri, McFarland & Co. Inc., 2006. .
Sutherland, Daniel E. A Savage Conflict: The Decisive Role of Guerrillas in the American Civil War (Univ of North Carolina Press, 2009)
Vaughan, Virginia C. Tennessee County Historical Series: Weakley County (Memphis State University Press, 1983)
Williams, David. Bitterly Divided: The South's Inner Civil War (The New Press, 2010)
External links
"Guerilla Warfare in Kentucky" — Article by Civil War historian/author Bryan S. Bush
Guerrilla warfare
Military history of the Confederate States of America
Military operations of the American Civil War
Juvaris K. Hayes (born February 8, 1998) is an American basketball player for BC TSU Tbilisi of the Georgian Superliga. He played college basketball for the Merrimack Warriors of the Northeast Conference.
Early life and high school
Hayes grew up in Paterson, New Jersey and attended St. Anthony High School in Jersey City, New Jersey where he played for Hall of Fame coach Bob Hurley. As a senior, Hayes helped lead the Friars to a 32–0 record and a win in the 2016 Tournament of Champions, the last state title of Hurley's career before St. Anthony closed in 2017.
College career
As a true freshman, Hayes was named the Northeast-10 Conference (NE10) Rookie of the Year and second team All-NE10 after averaging 13.9 points and leading NCAA Division II with 9.3 assists. He was named first team All-NE10 after leading the team with 17.8 points, 5.8 rebounds and 8.0 assists per game and led the entire NCAA with 3.9 steals per game and 255 total assists and 124 total steals. As a junior, Hayes was again named first team All-NE10 and the conference Defensive Player of the Year after averaging 19.3 points, 6.6 assists, 6.8 rebounds, and 3.9 steals per game which led the nation for a second straight season.
Merrimack transitioned to NCAA Division I going into his senior season. Hayes broke the NCAA's career steals record for all divisions on February 23, 2020 against Mount Saint Mary's. Hayes finished the season averaging 10.7 points, 6.4 assists, 4.7 rebounds and was the nation's leader with 3.9 steals per game although, because of Merrimack's transition to Division 1, he was not recognized as Division I's steals leader. He was named first team Northeast Conference (NEC) as well as the NEC Defensive Player of the Year and received the Lefty Driesell Award as the nation's best defensive player.
Professional career
On August 20, 2020, Hayes signed with Tigers Tübingen of the German ProA. On July 19, 2021, he signed with Itzehoe Eagles, a team that had recently been promoted to the German ProA. Hayes averaged 4.0 points, 4.0 rebounds and 2.6 assists per game in 12 games. He parted ways with the team on December 21. On February 8, 2022, Hayes signed with BC TSU Tbilisi of the Georgian Superliga.
References
External links
Eurobasket.com profile
Merrimack Warriors bio
College Statistics at Sports-Reference.com
RealGM profile
1998 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
Basketball players from Paterson, New Jersey
Merrimack Warriors men's basketball players
Point guards
St. Anthony High School (New Jersey) alumni
21st-century African-American sportspeople
American expatriate basketball people in Georgia (country)
21st-century African-American men
In Greek mythology, the name Erymanthus (Ancient Greek: Ἑρύμανθος) may refer to:
Erymanthus, god of the river Erymanthus. He was worshipped at Psophis.
Erymanthus, son of Apollo, who saw Aphrodite bathing naked after making love with Adonis, and was blinded by the angry goddess. Apollo took revenge on Aphrodite by changing himself into a boar and killing Adonis (but see Erymanthian Boar).
Erymanthus, an Arcadian king as the son of Aristas, descendant of King Lycaon. He became the father of Arrhon, and grandfather of Psophis (male). Alternately, Erymanthus was the son of Arcas, the father of Xanthus, and again grandfather of another Psophis (female).
Notes
References
Claudius Aelianus, Varia Historia translated by Thomas Stanley (d.1700) edition of 1665. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Claudius Aelianus, Claudii Aeliani de natura animalium libri xvii, varia historia, epistolae, fragmenta, Vol 2. Rudolf Hercher. In Aedibus B.G. Teubneri. Lipsiae. 1866. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Potamoi
Children of Apollo
Princes in Greek mythology
Mythological kings of Arcadia
Kings in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Arcadian mythology
Deeds of Aphrodite
Kazheesirama Vinnagaram or Tadalan Kovil or Tiruvikrama (trivikara) Perumal Temple is a temple dedicated to Vishnu located in Sirkazhi, Tamil Nadu, India. Constructed in the Dravidian style of architecture, the temple is glorified in the Divya Prabandha, the early medieval Tamil canon of the Azhwar saints from the 6th–9th centuries AD. It is one of the 108 Divyadesam dedicated to Vishnu, who is worshipped as Trivikram and his consort Lakshmi as Loganayagi. The temple is believed to have been built by Cholas, with later contributions from Medieval Cholas, Vijayanagar kings and Madurai Nayaks.
The temple is found in Sirkazhi, and situated in a location called Thdalan Koil. The temple complex actually houses all the shrines within a large concentric wall pierced by a three-tiered Rajagopuram. There are three major shrines in the temple with the ones of Trivikram in the sanctum and two other shrines of Loganyagi and Andal being the most prominent. The temple tank, Chakra Theertham, is located behind the temple premises.
Vamana, a dwarf and one of the ten avatars of Vishnu, appeared here to quell the pride of Asura king Bali. Trivikram is believed to have appeared to king Mahabali and the Azhwars. Four daily rituals and many festivals are held at the temple, of which the Brahmotsavam festival, celebrated during the Tamil month of Vaikasi (May–June), is the most prominent. The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Endowment Board of the Government of Tamil Nadu. The temple follows thenkalai mode of worship.
Legend
The temple finds mention in Brahmanda Purana as Patalika Vanam and Uttama Kshetram. As per Hindu legend, Brahma boasted about his long life. A sage called Romas wanted to suppress Brahma's thought and he did severe penance at this place. Vishnu was pleased by his devotion, and Vishnu appeared before him. On further request from the sage, Vishnu appeared again as Trivikrama. He gave a boon to the sage that he would get a life longer than that of Brahma and blessed that with each falling hair of the sage, Brahma would lose one year.
The Bhagavata Purana describes that Vishnu descended as the Vamana avatar to restore the authority of Indra over the heavens, as it had been taken by Mahabali, a benevolent Asura King. Bali was the grandson of Prahlada. King Mahabali was generous, and engaged in severe austerities and penance and won the praise of the world. With the praise from his courtiers and others, he regarded himself as the all powerful in the world. Vamana, in the guise of a short Brahmin carrying a wooden umbrella, went to the king to request three paces of land. Mahabali consented, against the warning of his guru, Sukracharya. Vamana then revealed his identity and enlarged to gigantic proportions to stride over the three worlds. He stepped from heaven to earth with the first step, from earth to the netherworld with the second. King Mahabali, unable to fulfill his promise, offered his head for the third. Vamana then placed His Foot and gave the king immortality for his humility. In worshiping Mahabali and his ancestor Prahláda, he conceded sovereignty of Pátála, the netherworld. Some texts also report that Vamana did not step into the netherworld, and instead gave its rule to Bali. In giant form, Vamana is known as Trivikrama. The legend is associated with Thrikkakara Temple in Kerala, but also with this temple, Ulagalantha Perumal Temple, Tirukoyilur and Ulagalantha Perumal Temple, Kanchipuram.
Architecture
The temple is located in the holy town of Sirkazhi in Mayiladuthurai district. Thirumangai Azhvar was initiated by Saiva Kuravar Sambandar to praise the Almighty through Pasurams. The God in the temple is praised as Mann alantha Tadalan meaning the one who measured the land. The name Tadalan is in honour of Tiruvikrama (Vamana) form and the moolavar (prime deity) fixed in the central shrine is in this form. The presiding deity, Tiruvikrama, appeared for sage Ashtakoma.
The temple has a rectangular plan with the sides of the temple covered by tall brick walls. The temple tower, the rajagopuram has a three-tiered structure. The sanctum is approached from the gateway tower through a flagpost, altar, an elevated hall and two other halls namely the Mahamandpa and the Ardhamandapa. The sanctum houses the stone image of Trivikrama in standing posture and also has various other metal images. The shrines of Lokanayagi are located in a shrine around the first sanctum in the north western corner beyond the sanctum and the shrine of Andal is located on the other corner. The temple tank, Chakra Theertham, is located behind the temple.
Religious importance
This place is believed to be where sage Vishvamitra conducted his Yagna and came to be known as Sidhasrama. The place was in ruins during a time and an old lady is believed to have placed the idol in a pot of rice. When Thirumangai Alvar came to the place, the lady handed over the idol to him and Thirumangai is believed to have constructed the temple. V. V. S. Aiyar quotes that the 610th Tirukkural mentions about the temple. It is also the place where Thirumangai Azhwar after coming back from North India defeated Thirugnana Sambandar in debate. The temple is revered in Nalayira Divya Prabandham, the 7th–9th century Vaishnava canon, by Thirumangai Azhwar in one hymn of Thirunedunthandagam. The temple is classified as a Divyadesam, one of the 108 Vishnu temples that are mentioned in the book.
Worship and festivals
The temple follows Pancharatra Agama and Thenkalai tradition. The temple priests perform the puja (rituals) during festivals and on a daily basis. Like other Vishnu temples of Tamil Nadu, the priests belong to the Brahmin Vaishnavite sect, which is dedicated to Vishnu. The temple rituals are performed four times a day; Tiruvanandal at 8:00 a.m., Kala santhi at 9:00 a.m., Uchikalam at 12:30 p.m., Ntiyanusandhanam at 6:00 p.m., Irandamkalam at 7:30 p.m. and Ardha Jamam at 9:00 p.m. Each ritual comprises three steps: alangaram (decoration), neivethanam (food offering) and deepa aradanai (waving of lamps) for both Sarangapani and Thayar. The food offering during the six times are curd rice, Ven pongal, spiced rice, dosa, Ven pongal and sugar pongal respectively. The worship is held amidst music with nagaswaram (pipe instrument) and tavil (percussion instrument), religious instructions in the Vedas (sacred text) read by priests and prostration by worshipers in front of the temple mast. There are weekly, fortnightly and monthly rituals. The major festivals celebrated in the temple are 10-day Vaikasi Brahmotsavam, held during the Tamil month of Vaikasi (May - June).
Notes
References
External links
Vishnu temples in Mayiladuthurai district
Vamana temples
