Lyutitsa Nunatak (Nunatak Lyutitsa \'nu-na-tak lyu-'ti-tsa\) is a rocky peak of elevation 430 m projecting from the ice cap in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island, Antarctica. Overlooking Musala Glacier to the north, east, and south. Bulgarian topographic survey Tangra 2004/05.
The feature is named after the medieval fortress of Lyutitsa in the Eastern Rhodope Mountains, Bulgaria.
Location
The peak is located at which is 1.81 km west-southwest of Ilarion Ridge, 2.56 km east by north of Momchil Peak, and 1.08 km north of Vratsa Peak (Bulgarian mapping in 2009).
Maps
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.
References
Lyutitsa Nunatak. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Lyutitsa Nunatak. Copernix satellite image
Nunataks of Greenwich Island
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE? A Black Woman's Life and Liberation in Heavy Metal is a non-fiction book written by the Canadian journalist Laina Dawes. First published in 2013, the book explores how black women musicians and fans navigate the metal, hardcore, and punk music genres that are regularly thought of as inclusive spaces and centered on a community spirit, but fail to block out the race and gender issues that exist in the outside world. It features a foreword by Skin of Skunk Anansie.
References
External links
Laina Dawes interview on NPR
Book review by Publishers Weekly
2013 non-fiction books
Music books
Bazillion Points books
Capua intractana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania, as well as New Zealand.
References
Tortricinae
Moths of Australia
Moths of New Zealand
Moths described in 1869
The 2019 Scottish Cup Final was the 134th final of the Scottish Cup and the final of the 2018–19 Scottish Cup, the most prestigious knockout football competition in Scotland. The match took place at Hampden Park on 25 May 2019 and was contested by Heart of Midlothian and Celtic. This was the fourth time that the two clubs had met in a Scottish Cup final with the previous finals being in 1901, 1907 and 1956. Of these three previous meetings in the final, Heart of Midlothian had won two and Celtic one.
As Scottish Premiership clubs, Hearts and Celtic both entered the tournament in the fourth round. For Hearts, they only had one Premiership side to make it to the final. They did need a replay in the quarter-finals against Partick Thistle before defeating Inverness in the first semi. After defeating League One side Airdrieonians in the fourth round, Celtic defeated three other Premiership clubs to make it to the final which Aberdeen in the semi-final.
The match was Celtic's 57th appearance in the Scottish Cup final and Hearts 15th. In the match, it was Celtic that won the match 2–1 with both goals coming from French striker Odsonne Édouard. This meant that Celtic completed a third successive domestic treble ("treble treble"), a feat which had not previously been achieved in Scottish football.
Route to the final
Heart of Midlothian
Heart of Midlothian entered the competition in the fourth round of competition as one of the sixteens teams to enter in this round of the competition. Their first opponent was at Tynecastle Park to Premiership side Livingston where a goal from Sean Clare saw the team win the match 1-0.
In the fifth round they were drawn against Junior club Auchinleck Talbot at home who had knocked out an Championship side in the previous round. The match saw four different goal scorers with Christophe Berra scoring the opener in the tenth minute of play. Two more goals from Demetri Mitchell and Steven MacLean opened the gap to three goals before the break. A goal in the second half from Aidan Keena secured the 4-0 win but not before an injury forced them down to ten men for the final twelve minutes.
The quarter final saw the team travel to Firhill Stadium for the match against Championship side Partick Thistle. After an early goal from Christophe Berra, the team dominated the game with 59% of the possession. The tie though headed into a replay after Christie Elliott scored to level the match in the 72nd minute. The replay at Tyncastle Park saw the away team getting the opening goal in the 17th minute from a Scott McDonald tap to give the championship side the early lead. But a goal from Uche Ikpeazu and the penalty conversation from Sean Clare saw Hearts qualify for the semi-final.
For Hearts, this meant a semi final with another Championship side in Inverness in the first of two matches at Hampden Park. After a lacklustre first half, Uche Ikpeazu broke deadlock for the Hearts in the 49th minute with the shot coming off a deflection. After Jamie McCart goal was deemed offside in the 61st minute, John Souttar doubled the lead only four minutes later. Sean Clare gave Hearts a 3-0 victory after Ikpeazu was brought down by Mark Ridgers to give a penalty which was converted.
Celtic
Much like their opponents, Celtic also started in the fourth round of the Scottish Cup as one of the Premiership sides. In the fourth round, they played at home (Celtic Park) to League One side Airdrieonians. In what was a convincing win, Scott Sinclair scored two goals in the 3-0 victory with coach, Brendan Rodgers stating that it was "tough to get going" despite Celtic having over 70% of the possession throughout the match.
In the fifth round, they took on fellow Premiership side, St Johnstone at home. In what was their third match against St Johnstone in twelve days, Celtic eased past their opponents 5–0 with Scott Sinclair scoring a hat-trick in the victory. Also getting on the score sheet was Scott Brown and James Forrest in what St Johnstone manager, Tommy Wright saying "that they were the better team".
The quarter finals had Celtic travel to Easter Road in Edinburgh to take on another Premiership side Hibernian. Before the game, they needed to change coaches with Brendan Rodgers leaving Celtic to join Leicester City on a three year deal. This meant that they hired Neil Lennon, who had recently left Hibernian, as intern manager for the rest of the season. After there was no scoring in the first half, James Forrest opened the scoring in the 62nd minute from a 20-yard shot which was smashed into the net. Scott Brown extended the lead to two goals with another devastating strike to give Celtic the 2-0 win. But the match wasn't without drama with a glass bottle almost hitting Scott Sinclair in the 57th minute while he was taking a corner which saw the behaviour of the fan club into question.
This meant they took on Aberdeen in the second semi-final at Hampden Park. After Dominic Ball was reported for the second time which brought their opponents down to ten men, James Forrest fired the opening goal before half-time. Their second came from a penalty from Odsonne Édouard after Michael Devlin hand which the referee gave the penalty which was converted. Tom Rogic scored Celtic's third for the match after Lewis Ferguson was red-carded due to the two foot lunge that resulted in a free-kick which Rogic converted.
Pre-match
Going into the 2019 final, Celtic had won the Scottish Cup 38 times from 57 appearances in the final. The 2019 final is their third consecutive appearance in the final, having won the competition in 2017 and 2018. Heart of Midlothian had won the Scottish Cup 8 times from 14 appearances in the final. Their most recent victory and appearance in the final was in 2012. The clubs had met in the finals of 1901 (a 4–3 win for Hearts), 1907 (3–0 for Celtic) and 1956 (3–1 for Hearts).
Both clubs were allocated 20,200 tickets for the final, played at Hampden Park in Glasgow.
Match
Summary
After a goalless first half, Ryan Edwards gave Hearts the lead after 52 minutes with a left foot shot through the legs of the goalkeeper from ten yards out after the ball broke to him after a back heel pass from Sean Clare. Celtic were awarded a penalty after 62 minutes when Odsonne Édouard was fouled with Édouard scoring the penalty with a shot to left corner of the net with Zlámal getting a touch.
Celtic went in front in the 82nd minute when Édouard scored his second when he lifted the ball over the advancing Zlámal from the edge of the penalty area with his right foot after a header into his path from Mikael Lustig.
Details
Match rules
90 minutes
30 minutes of extra time if necessary
Penalty shoot-out if scores still level
Seven named substitutes
Maximum of three substitutions in normal time (a fourth substitute is permitted in extra time)
Media Coverage
BBC Scotland and Premier Sports gained the rights to host the final in what will be the first year of a six year deal in the United Kingdom in hosting Scottish Cup matches from the fourth round onward.
References
Scottish Cup Final 2019
Scottish Cup Final 2019
Scottish Cup Finals
Scottish Cup Final
Scottish Cup Final 2019
Scottish Cup Final 2019
Scottish Cup Final
Sybil Alexandra Burt is an American psychologist and behavior geneticist. She is professor of psychology at Michigan State University and the co-director of its Michigan State University Twin Registry. She is known for researching the role of genetic factors in parenting and popularity. She has also researched the link between antisocial behavior and marriage, finding that the relationship appears to be bidirectional: in her research, men with fewer antisocial behaviors were more likely to get married, and once they did so, their rates of antisocial behavior decreased even more.
References
External links
Faculty profile
Living people
American women psychologists
American psychologists
Michigan State University faculty
Behavior geneticists
Emory University alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
21st-century American women
The 2020 Indiana Democratic presidential primary was to take place on May 5, 2020, but had been postponed to June 2 due to the coronavirus pandemic. It was an open primary, with the state awarding 89 delegates, of whom 82 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the primary results. Joe Biden won the primary with 76.5% of the vote and all except two delegates, which went to Bernie Sanders who received 13.6%.
Procedure
Indiana was to be the only state voting on May 5 in the Democratic primaries, but was rescheduled by Governor Eric Holcomb and the Secretary of State after an agreement with the chairs of the Democratic and the Republican party to vote with several other states on June 2 due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Voting took place throughout the state from 6 a.m. until 6 p.m. local time. Candidates had to meet a threshold of 15% at the congressional district or statewide level to be considered viable. The 82 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the primary results. Of these, between 5 and 8 were allocated to each of the state's 9 congressional districts and another 9 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 18 at-large pledged delegates. Originally planned with 70 delegates, the final number included an approximate 20% bonus of 12 additional delegates by the Democratic National Committee due to the original May date, which belonged to Stage III on the primary timetable.
The state convention was to be held between June 13 and June 17, to designate the district-level national convention delegates, who would then vote on the 18 pledged at-large and 9 PLEO delegates to send to the Democratic National Convention. Instead the district delegates were voted online during the same time period. The 82 pledged delegates Indiana sent to the national convention were joined by 7 unpledged PLEO delegates (5 members of the Democratic National Committee and 2 members of Congress, both of whom were U.S. representatives).
Candidates
The following individuals appeared on the ballot:
Running
Joe Biden
Withdrawn
Michael Bloomberg
Pete Buttigieg
Tulsi Gabbard
Amy Klobuchar
Bernie Sanders
Tom Steyer
Elizabeth Warren
Andrew Yang
Polling
Results
Notes
Additional candidates
See also
2020 Indiana Republican presidential primary
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Indiana Democratic Party delegate selection plan
FiveThirtyEight Indiana primary poll tracker
Indiana Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
Indiana Democratic
"Thank You" is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin from their second studio album Led Zeppelin II (1969). It was written by Robert Plant and Jimmy Page, and produced by Page.
Composition and recording
"Thank You" is notated in the key of D major in common time with a tempo of 76 beats per minute.
The song features a Hammond organ, played by John Paul Jones, which fades into a false ending before concluding with a crescendo roughly ten seconds later. For the recording of this track, Page played on a Vox 12-string guitar.
Reception
In a retrospective review of Led Zeppelin II (Deluxe Edition) (2014), Michael Madden of Consequence of Sound praised the remastering of "Thank You", believing the track now sounds "mellow and well-balanced". Madden further praised the remastering, writing the track "breathes easy during the verses and ascends elsewhere in the song", along with "illuminating Page's touch and Bonham's haymakers". When reviewing the added bonus tracks of the Deluxe Edition, Madden further praised the new version of "Thank You", titled "Thank You (Backing Track)", writing the track "magnifies the song's tasteful sheen, popping with Bonham's drums and Jones' organ, which seems to have a mind of its own."
Record producer Rick Rubin remarked on the song's structure: "The delicacy of the vocals is incredible; the acoustic guitar and the organ work together to create an otherworldly presence."
Mark Richardson of Pitchfork found "Thank You" to be "musically brilliant", and that it "mix[es] folk with proto-metal" via "chiming acoustic guitars" which "provide the contrast to the crunch in a whole new way".
Recognition and legacy
In November 2010, "Thank You" topped Gibson's list of "Top 10 Thanksgiving Songs". Rolling Stone ranked it number 29 on "The 40 Greatest Led Zeppelin Songs of All Time" in November 2012. In November 2017, "the song was ranked number 28 on Fuse's list of "35 Thank You Songs". Page and Plant recorded it for the No Quarter: Jimmy Page and Robert Plant Unledded album (1994).
See also
List of cover versions of Led Zeppelin songs"Thank You" entries
Footnotes
References
Led Zeppelin songs
1969 songs
Songs written by Jimmy Page
Songs written by Robert Plant
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Page
The Brazilian Linguistics Association (abbreviated as "ABRALIN" from the Brazilian Portuguese Associação Brasileira de Lingüística) is an organization intended to bring together professionals in the field of linguistics in order to promote, develop, and disseminate information about theoretical and applied linguistics to students and interested community members in Brazil. The organization hosts scientific conferences, courses, and publications.
The association was founded on January 9, 1969, in an assembly presided over by Professor Joaquim Mattoso Câmara Júnior, in São Paulo.
The first administration (1969–1971) consisted of the following people:
President: Aryon Dall'Igna Rodrigues (Museu Nacional-RJ)
Secretary: Francisco Gomes de Matos (UFPE)
Treasurer: Maria Marta Coelho (UFRJ)
Advisors:
Ataliba Teixeira de Castilho (FFCL-Marília/SP)
Geraldo Calábria Lapenda (UFPE)
Isaac Nicolau Salum (USP)
Joaquim Mattoso Câmara Júnior (UFRJ)
Jürn Philipson (USP)
Nelson Rossi (UFBA)
Today, the ABRALIN headquarters is located at Universidade Estadual de Campinas (UNICAMP)
Presidents
External links
Official Home Page (Portuguese)
Linguistics organizations
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in South Dakota, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1889, South Dakota has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
See also
Elections in South Dakota
Notes
References
Călmățuiu de Sus (called Băsești until 1968) is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Băcălești, Călmățuiu de Sus and Ionașcu.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Scottish Basketball Championship Women is the national women's basketball league of Scotland.
The league forms the second tier of British women's basketball (inline with the English Basketball League) after the professional setup of the WBBL, where Scotland has one representative, the Caledonia Pride. The governing body of basketball in Scotland is basketballscotland.
The current League and Playoffs champions are the Lady Rocks.
Teams
The line-up for the 2019–20 season features the following teams:
City of Edinburgh Kool Kats
Edinburgh University
Glasgow Fever
Glasgow University
Lady Rocks
Perth Phoenix
Sony Centre Fury
St Mirren
West Lothian Wolves
Seasons
2019–20 Scottish Basketball Championship Women season
2018–19 Scottish Basketball Championship Women season
2017–18 Scottish Basketball Championship Women season
2016–17 Scottish Basketball Championship Women season
2015–16 Scottish Basketball Championship Women season
See also
Scottish Basketball Championship Men
References
External links
Official Basketball Scotland website
Scottish league on Eurobasket
Scotland
Women's basketball in Scotland
Women
Professional sports leagues in Scotland
Koh-Lanta is a French reality game show based on the popular international Survivor format. The series premiered on August 4, 2001. The show is broadcast on TF1 and there have been 22 regular seasons and 7 special seasons. The show has been hosted by Denis Brogniart since the second season. The title of the show Thai "Ko Lanta" (roughly translated as "the island of a million eyes") - not only is this a reference to the televised nature of the competition (with millions of viewers watching the show) but the title is also the name of filming location of the first season (Ko Lanta Yai, Thailand).
Following the basic premise of other international versions of the Survivor format, it features a group of contestants who are marooned in an isolated location, where they must provide food, water, fire, and shelter for themselves. The contestants compete in challenges for rewards and immunity from elimination. The contestants are progressively eliminated from the game as they are voted out by their fellow contestants until only one remains and is declared the winner and awarded the grand prize of €100,000.
Since its debut in 2001, Koh-Lanta has been a huge success in France, regularly finishing first in its timeslot.
Format and rules
The show follows the same general format as the other editions of the show. The players are split between two "tribes", are taken to a remote isolated location and are forced to live off the land with meagre supplies for approximately 6 weeks (3 weeks in special seasons). Frequent physical and mental challenges are used to pit the teams against each other for rewards, such as food or luxuries, or for "immunity", forcing the other tribe to attend "Tribal Council", where they must vote off one of their players.
Once about half the players are remaining, the tribes are merged into a single tribe, and competitions are on an individual basis; winning immunity prevents that player from being voted out. Most players that are voted out at this stage form the "Tribal Council Jury". Once down to two people, a final Tribal Council is held where the remaining players plead their case to the jury as to why they should win the game. The jury then decides who between the two should be considered the winner and be awarded the grand prize of €100,000, with the runner-up being awarded €10,000.
Differences in format
Unlike most versions of Survivor, dual winners are possible in some seasons where the jury vote resulted in a tie (as occurred in Koh-Lanta: Bocas del Toro, Koh-Lanta: Palawan and Koh-Lanta: The Cursed Totem). In this case both contestants are considered the winners and each receive €55,000. This differs from most editions of the show as other editions will either never have a jury with an even number of participants or have tie-breaker mechanisms in place (such as Israeli Survivor where the tie will break in favor of the winner of a public vote or in Dutch/Belgian's Expeditie Robinson where a group of former players form a "grand jury" and vote to break the tie).
Another difference in rules between Koh-Lanta and other editions is how the unexpected eliminations are handled. On Koh-Lanta, when a player is eliminated from the game outside of "Tribal Council" (either by being removed for medical reasons, or quitting prior to Raja Ampat), the player is replaced by the most recently eliminated player (or, if no such player is available, by a completely new contestant), who will take their place and the game continues as planned. In other editions, an unexpected elimination is handled by adjusting the events of the game to accommodate the absence of a player (often the upcoming Tribal Council will be cancelled but this will not always be the case).
Seasons
Controversy
Season 5 controversy
During the broadcast of the second episode (July 8, 2005 in France and July 10, 2005 in New Caledonia), participants had to kill and cook Puffinus pacificus, a species of fully protected bird in New Caledonia. This caused that several spectators demanded explanations to the TF1 channel. TF1 responded that according to the LPO (in English, League for the Protection of Birds), Puffinus pacificus are not a protected species. LPO asked the CSA (broadcasting regulator in France) to take up the case, and the latter also decided to initiate legal action against TF1 and the producer of the Adventure Line Productions program.
The petition against the production company was accepted, therefore TF1 was ordered to pay the LPO €1,000 in damages and €2,000 for procedural expenses, while the TF1 channel lawsuit against the LPO was rejected.
Season 13 cancellation
Production was stopped and the series cancelled for the 2013 season following the death of a contestant, Gérald Babin, during the first day of filming in Cambodia on 22 March 2013. The program's on-site doctor, Thierry Costa, committed suicide following the controversy. In his suicide note, he stated that his name has been "smeared in the media", leading to his ultimate death. Production later resumed for Koh-Lanta: The New Edition.
The death of Babin marked the second death of a contestant on any edition of Survivor worldwide. The first (and so far only other) death occurred on the 4th season of Bulgarian Survivor (titled Survivor BG: Philippines) when contestant Noncho Vodenicharov died, however unlike Koh-Lanta the production of the series continued.
Season 19 cancellation
On 11 May 2018, TF1 and the production company Adventure Line Productions (ALP) announced the cancellation of the season following an alleged sexual assault.
See also
List of French adaptations of television series from other countries
References
External links
(Official Site)
2001 French television series debuts
TF1 original programming
French reality television series
Santiago Polanco-Abreu (October 30, 1920 – January 18, 1988) was the 10th Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico.
Biography
Born in Bayamón, Puerto Rico, Polanco-Abreu attended elementary and high schools in Isabela, Puerto Rico.
He graduated from the University of Puerto Rico, B.A., 1941, and LL.B., 1943.
He joined Phi Sigma Alpha fraternity.
He was admitted to the bar in 1943 and practiced law in Isabela and San Juan.
Legal adviser to the Tax Court of Puerto Rico from 1943 to 1944.
He served as member of the American Bar Association and Puerto Rico Bar Association.
He was one of the founders of the Institute for Democratic Studies in San José, Costa Rica.
He served in the House of Representatives, Commonwealth of Puerto Rico from 1949 to 1964.
He served as member of the Constitutional Convention of Puerto Rico in 1951-1952.
He was appointed speaker of the house from 1963 to 1964.
Polanco-Abreu was elected as a Popular Democrat to be Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico to the United States Congress, November 3, 1964, for the term ending January 3, 1969.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1968.
He resumed the practice of law.
He was a resident of San Juan, Puerto Rico, until his death there on January 18, 1988.
He was interred at the Isabela Municipal Cemetery in Isabela, Puerto Rico.
See also
List of Hispanic Americans in the United States Congress
Notes
References
External links
|-
1920 births
1988 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Puerto Rico
People from Bayamón, Puerto Rico
20th-century Puerto Rican lawyers
Resident Commissioners of Puerto Rico
Speakers of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico
University of Puerto Rico alumni
Carenum coracinum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1865.
References
coracinum
Beetles described in 1865
Ancuabe District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique. It covers 4,984 km2 with 199,457 inhabitants in 2015. Its seat is the town of Ancuabe.
Geography
It borders to the north with the district of Meluco, west with the district of Montepuez, south of the district of Chiúre and that the districts of Pemba-Metuge and Quissanga.
Demographics
According to the 1997 census, the district had 87,243 inhabitants. Government data in early 2005 revealed a population of 109,792 n an area of 4 836 km2, resulting in a population density of 21.9 persons per km2. The same source points to a population of 121,000 inhabitants in 2015.
The district is inhabited mostly by the Makua people.
History
In colonial period, Ancuabe was an administrative post in the municipality of Porto Amelia (now Pemba)
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three administrative sub districts (posts) (Ancuabe, Metoro and
Meza, comprise the following locations:
Administrative Post Ancuabe:
Ancuabe
Chiote
Nacuale
Administrative Post Metoro:
Metoro
Salave
Administrative Post Meza:
Campine
Meza
Minhuene
Nanju
Towns and villages
Adamo Alenane Alimo Aliti Alumar Amade Amade Ametina Aneli Anli Apura Arufo Assane Assane Assane Atoto Bacar Bacar Antigo Banjira Biaque Bidjolo Borolia Camope Cantalia Cantia Cauo Cavano Chefe Afonso Chefe Ahonamoro Chefe Antonio Chefe Aquimo Chefe Cahura Chefe Caire Chefe Calialia Chefe Cantato Chefe Caroa Chefe Chinande Chefe Cobre Chefe Colete Chefe Coze Chefe Cunliala Chefe Giquina Chefe Iacuelane Chefe Ingori Chefe Inhatia Chefe Inripa Chefe Inteia Chefe Jalipa Chefe Julai Chefe Lave Chefe Lile Chefe Lopa Chefe Madondo Chefe Malepela Chefe Marraca Chefe Misere Chefe Muanenele Chefe Muansava Chefe Muatuca Chefe Muisse Chefe Muituva Chefe Nacibo Chefe Naioto Chefe Namione Chefe Nampuara Chefe Nancuto Chefe Nanhoma Chefe N Cumabai Chefe Necule Chefe Neparula Chefe Nicuto Chefe Nigoeleua Chefe Nivero Chefe Pilote Chefe Puelia Chefe Purremuere Chefe Purulia Chefe Quilevele Chefe Quimao Chefe Quitarubo Chefe Raide Chefe Sabao Chefe Sararia Chefe Sehane Chefe Selemane Chefe Sucuma Chefe Taiar Chefe Tico Chitima Chiure Colue Comala Costa Covaninha Cuvave Daxe Dhalman Giole Givarro Iamorra Incole Ingaua Inraba Insania Iupuro Jipala João Joio Juma Langima Limia Maaje Macaia Macaiamo Macassar Machepe Macota Magengo Maite Malapua Manocha Maon-o Mapia Marraparre Mataiolava Mauala Mbonge Mecete Mecueracuera Megama Megege Meia Mejacara Menhula Mepamei Mepengula Mepipo Mepoto Mequitaculo Merrapia Mesa Messalo Messiloca Metania Metito Metoma Metoro Metorro Metuaquene Meurra Mexilo Minhoene Mocoloje Mogido Moguia Moja Moloco Monunene Moquina Morruma Mpingo Mpita Muada Muaja Muaja Mualania Muania Muaria Mue Muepurra Mueraerie Muero Muerria Mugara Muguia Muguia Muicava Muigima Muipace Muiquite Muita Mussa Nacacane Nacololo Nacopa Nacote Nacuale Nacuale Nacuanha Nacuchupa Nacussa Nagimbue Naia Nalapia Nalile Namaaquitica Namachatua Namaica Namangoma Namarraco Namarro Namatubile Namatuca Namauco Namuela Namuela Namecala NametaNampacala Nampita Namuine NancoiNancuto Nanduli Nangana Nanjua Nanlia Nanoa Nanripo Nantoa Nantucia Nanzarro Naoia Naputa Narenga Narreva Ncole Ndala Nero Ngeue Ngura Niare Nicocoro Nicorombe Nicuata Niico Nimone Nina Nipatacua Niqueque Niquita Nita Nivico Nomapa Nonia Ntete Nucuncile Nuico Nuto Olocota Omar Regulo Mariri Regulo MedomaRegulo Mepima Regulo Mogabo Regulo Momola Regulo Namaluma Regulo Polubo Regulo Polupo Reia Retima Reva Rimo Roja Rupe Sabai Saide Sicoto Simbo Sirico Sitaa Sunate Talibo Talique TapararaTarade Tarato Tecua Terruma Teucha Titimare Tonhinto TuculeUadjireUapila Uarrussa Uatuncorra Zambezia
Economy
The district is well served in terms of accessibility, as it is cut by two major roads, Pemba-Montepuez and north-south road that connects Nampula to Mocímboa da Praia. The town of Ancuabe is located 67 kilometres from Pemba.
The dominant economic activity in the district is agriculture, involving almost the entire population. Most agricultural production is for self-support and the main crops are: cassava, maize, bean, sorghum, peanut and rice. Food supply is also aided with domestic animals and hunting of wildlife (deer and wild boar), and the fruit harvest.
Commercial farming of cotton, brown nuts and maize were important in colonial times and post-colonial but are returning, especially the cotton industry is of note. They are also exploited forest resources, especially as energy source for most of the population, although there is great potential forest.
There are also large reserves of graphite which were exploited commercially from 1994 to 2000.
Graphites de Ancuabe Ltda. operated a sizeable mine and plant near Ancuabe from 1994 to 1999. According to feasibility studies for international mining companies, the reserves amount to about 1 million tonnes of ore with a content of 10% graphite. The extraction capacity installed (open) has a potential production capacity of 10,000 tons of graphite a year. The extraction and processing were stalled in 1999, however, due to a number of reasons, particularly financial difficulties of the dealer, the low price of the mineral on the international market and a poor and expensive power supply, because the district is not yet connected to the national grid. In 2007, the Mozambique government announced its intention to re-open the mine, but this depends on the supply of electricity from the Cahora Bassa Dam.
References
External links
Government profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
The Dicastery for Promoting Christian Unity, previously named the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity (PCPCU), is a dicastery whose origins are associated with the Second Vatican Council which met intermittently from 1962 to 1965.
Pope John XXIII wanted the Catholic Church to engage in the contemporary ecumenical movement. He established a Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity on 5 June 1960 as one of the preparatory commissions for the council, and appointed Cardinal Augustin Bea as its first president. The secretariat invited other churches and world communions to send observers to the council.
Description
The Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity prepared and presented a number of documents to the council:
Ecumenism (Unitatis redintegratio);
Non-Christian religions (Nostra aetate);
Religious liberty (Dignitatis humanae);
With the doctrinal commission, the Dogmatic Constitution on Divine Revelation (Dei verbum).
Following the Second Vatican Council, in 1966 Pope Paul VI confirmed the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity as a permanent dicastery of the Holy See.
In the apostolic constitution Pastor bonus (28 June 1988), Pope John Paul II renamed the secretariat the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity.
The PCPCU has two sections dealing with:
The Eastern Churches - The Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Churches as well as the Assyrian Church of the East;
The Western Churches and Ecclesial Communities and the World Council of Churches.
Purpose
The dicastery has a twofold role:
The promotion within the Catholic Church of an authentic ecumenical spirit according to the conciliar decree Unitatis Redintegratio;
To develop dialogue and collaboration with the other churches and world communions.
Since its creation, it has also established a cordial cooperation with the World Council of Churches (WCC). Twelve Catholic theologians have been members of the WCC's Faith and Order Commission since 1968.
The PCPCU is responsible for naming Catholic observers at various ecumenical gatherings and in its turn invites observers or "fraternal delegates" of other churches or ecclesial communities to major events of the Catholic Church.
At present, the PCPCU is engaged in an international theological dialogue with each of the following churches and world communions:
The Assyrian Church of the East
The Eastern Orthodox Church;
The Oriental Orthodox churches;
The Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church;
The Anglican Communion;
The International Lutheran Council;
The Lutheran World Federation;
The World Alliance of Reformed Churches;
The World Methodist Council;
The Baptist World Alliance;
The Christian Church (Disciples of Christ);
The World Evangelical Alliance;
Some Pentecostal groups.
Structure
Directed by a Cardinal President, assisted by a Secretary, a Joint Secretary, and an Under-Secretary.
Current leadership
President: Kurt Koch, 2010–
Secretary: Brian Farrell, 2002–
Under-Secretary: Andrea Palmieri
Presidents
Augustin Bea (6 June 1960 – 16 November 1968)
Johannes Willebrands (12 April 1969 – 12 December 1989)
Edward Cassidy (12 December 1989 – 3 March 2001)
Walter Kasper (3 March 2001 – 1 July 2010)
Kurt Koch (1 July 2010 – present)
Secretaries
Johannes Willebrands (28 June 1960 – 12 April 1969)
Jean Jérôme Hamer (12 April 1969 – 14 June 1973)
, M. Afr. (25 April 1983 – 16 March 1999)
Jean-Claude Périsset (16 November 1996 to 12 November 1998)
Walter Kasper (16 March 1999 – 3 March 2001)
Marc Ouellet (3 March 2001 – 15 November 2002)
Brian Farrell, L.C. (19 December 2002– present)
The Bible
The council is responsible for working with other churches on ecumenical translations of scripture, and promoted the establishment of the Catholic Biblical Federation.
Relations with the Jews
The Commission of the Holy See for Religious Relations with the Jews is the responsibility of the PCPCU, while the Commission of the Holy See for Religious Relations with Muslims comes under the direction of the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue. This is because when the council was being created the Commission of the Holy See for Religious Relations with the Jews was consulted as to whether it wished to come under the Inter-Religious Dialogue Council, it declined and thus remains part of the Promoting Christian Unity Council.
See also
Joint International Commission for Theological Dialogue Between the Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church
Joint International Commission for Theological Dialogue between the Catholic Church and the Oriental Orthodox Churches
References
External links
GCatholic.org
The Pontifical Council's website
The Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity
Commission for Religious Relations with Jews
Religious organisations based in Italy
Christian organizations established in 1960
1960 establishments in Vatican City
1960 in religion
Sada El-Balad (, lit. “Nation's Echo”) is an Egyptian news website and satellite television channel established in 2011. It is owned by businessman Mohamed M. Abou El Enein and features journalist Ahmed Sabry as its founding Editor-in-Chief.
References
External links
Facebook page
Twitter page
YouTube channel
Instagram page
Arabic-language television stations
Television stations in Egypt
DPPE may refer to the chemicals:
1,2-Bis(diphenylphosphino)ethane
Dipalmitoylphosphatidylethanolamine
Daniel Sørvik (born 11 March 1990) is a Norwegian ice hockey player who is plays for HC Verva Litvínov of the Czech Extraliga.
Sørvik competed in the 2013 and 2014 IIHF World Championship, and the 2014 Winter Olympics, as a member of the Norway men's national ice hockey team.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
External links
1990 births
Living people
Norwegian ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Oslo
Olympic ice hockey players of Norway
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Furuset Ishockey players
GCK Lions players
Vålerenga Ishockey players
Kalchreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located 10 kilometers east of Erlangen and 15 kilometers north of Nuremberg and contains the villages of Kalchreuth, Käswasser and Röckenhof and also the hamlets of Stettenberg, Minderleinsmühle and Gabermühle.
History
Like all Bavarian communities the municipality of Kalchreuth was founded in 1978 due to the Bavarian territorial reform. Yet, the first settlers came into the region between 1050 and 1100 A.D. and the village was first mentioned in a document in 1298.
In 1342 most of the estates were sold to the Patrician family Haller von Hallerstein in whose possession it was until 1465 and was later on taken over by the Free Imperial City of Nuremberg. Because of being part of Nuremberg Kalchreuth got Prussian in 1796.
Due to the Treaties of Tilsit the region got under French administration as being part of the Principality of Bayreuth from 1807 until 1810, after which it got part of the Kingdom of Bavaria. The community in its first form was forged together in 1818 by the Second Community Edict.
Coat of arms
The coat of arms of Kalchreuth is split in four parts of which the upper left one features an obliquely leaned silver and black chevron that was taken from the blazon of the Haller von Hallersteins. The upper right quarter shows an armed black lion with a red crown on silver ground (retrieved from the Nuremberg Castle earl's crest) while the nether left part shows a black saltire on silver ground and the nether right quarter shows a silver cherry blossom on red ground symbolizing the community's location in one of the most popular Franconian cherry-growing area.
Twin towns
La Chapelle-des-Fougeretz (France), since 1993
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Dan Lydiate (born 18 December 1987) is a Wales international rugby union player. A flanker, Lydiate was raised in Llandrindod Wells and is a product of the Newport Gwent Dragons academy.
Early life
The younger of two boys born to English docker John Lydiate at Hope Hospital, their Welsh mother Lynne raised them in Salford, Greater Manchester. After their father suffered an injury, the family moved to Llandrindod Wells when Dan was aged 4, so that their father could work on his father-in-law's sheep farm in the Cambrian Mountains. Older brother Jack represented Wales colleges at rugby. Dan and Jack have two older brothers John (also born at Hope Hospital) and Steven and an older sister Gillian from their father's first marriage.
Career
He was an ever-present member of the Wales Under 20 back row along with Lewis Evans and James Harris for their Six Nations campaign in 2006/7 and progressed to the Dragons senior side at the end of that season. Early in the 2007/08 season he suffered a serious neck injury in the Heineken Cup Group match away to Perpignan which ruled him out for the rest of the season, with doubts raised as to whether or not he would ever play again.
On 25 October 2009 Lydiate was named in the Wales national squad for the November 2009 international series, making his debut as a second-half replacement against Argentina on 21 November 2009. Following the withdrawal of captain Ryan Jones from the Wales squad to face Australia in the final Autumn International, Lydiate made his first test match start at flanker on 28 November 2009. He was named in the Wales squad for the 2010 Six Nations Championship, however did not play a single game. He then broke into the Welsh first XV in the autumn internationals of that year, starting against Australia, New Zealand and Fiji as well as being named in the team to face South Africa before withdrawing with a calf injury. He won the Man of the Match award against the Fijians, where he wore the Number 7 jersey for the first time.
He played every match of Wales' 2011 Six Nations Championship campaign as well as all four warm-up matches. In August 2011 he was named in the Wales squad for the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand. He played in Wales' opening two games against South Africa and Samoa, but missed the pool games against Namibia and Fiji with an ankle injury that lead to him infamously waking up to ice his leg every hour. It paid off, and he played a key role in Wales' quarter-final win over Ireland and then subsequent losses to France and Australia. He finished second on the tournament's top-tacklers, behind only Wales and Dragons teammate Toby Faletau.
In the 2012 Six Nations Championship, Lydiate received the Player of the Tournament award after featuring in every game bar the opener against Ireland and receiving man of the match awards against Scotland and France.
In April 2013 Lydiate was named in the squad for the 2013 British & Irish Lions tour to Australia.
Lydiate left Newport Gwent Dragons at the end of the 2012–13 season and joined the Paris-based club Racing Métro 92.
On 30 October 2014 it was announced Lydiate would be leaving Racing Metro and returning to Wales on a dual contract between the Welsh Rugby Union and a Welsh region, on 7 December 2014 this was announced to be Ospreys
Lydiate was a part of the Welsh team for the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
International tries
References
External links
Newport Gwent Dragons profile
Wales profile
1987 births
Living people
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
Dragons RFC players
Ebbw Vale RFC players
Ospreys (rugby union) players
People from Llandrindod Wells
Pontypool RFC players
Racing 92 players
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union players from Salford
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union players
NGC 814 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Cetus. It is estimated to be about 70 million light-years from the Milky Way and has a diameter of approximately 30,000 ly. NGC 814 was discovered on January 6, 1886 by the American astronomer Ormond Stone.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
External links
Lenticular galaxies
0814
Cetus (constellation)
008319
Events in the year 1906 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
20 April – The "Vazduhoplavatelno Otdelenie" (roughly translated as Aviation Squad) was created. This was the earliest version of the modern Bulgarian Air Force.
References
1900s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Shoumo Bhattacharya is an Indian medical doctor and academic, and the British Heart Foundation (BHF) Professor of Cardiovascular Medicine at the BHF Centre of Research Excellence, University of Oxford.
Education and career
Bhattacharya studied medicine at the India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi, qualifying as MBBS 1983, and MD in 1985.
He trained in cardiology at Northwick Park and Hammersmith Hospitals in London, where he was also a Medical Research Council (MRC) Training Fellow. He then held BHF and National Institutes of Health (NIH) Fellowships at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Bhattacharya was a Wellcome Trust Senior Fellow at Oxford from 1998 to 2008. He was awarded a BHF Professorship in 2009 and was elected to a statutory Professorship at the University of Oxford in 2010.
Bhattacharya is also a Governing Body Fellow of Green Templeton College and member of the College Council.
Research interests
Bhattacharya's research focuses on genetic mechanisms in heart development and congenital heart disease, and developing novel therapeutics and targets. This includes research on how proteins in the saliva of ticks might be able to prevent myocarditis. His work has also investigated which genes are critical for the heart to develop normally and maintain healthy function in adulthood, using genetic techniques and state-of the art imaging technology to study how alterations in these genes affect the structure of the heart and lead to congenital heart anomalies or heart failure. He has also been investigating how environmental factors act together with gene variations to influence the development of heart conditions, for example studying how a mother's diet may affect the chances of congenital heart disease in the baby, and how stress (such as high blood pressure) interacts with gene variations to cause heart failure.
Recognition
Bhattacharya was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 2003 and was awarded the Graham Bull Prize from the Royal College of Physicians in 2005. He was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences in 2006.
References
Living people
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi alumni
Academics of the University of Oxford
Year of birth missing (living people)
Margaretha Byström (born 2 August 1937, in Stockholm) is a Swedish actress (film, theater, television), writer and director. Margaretha is most famous for her portrayal as the elegant and ambitious Katarina Remmer in the long running Swedish soap opera Rederiet.
Selected filmography
Paradise Place (1977)
A Walk in the Sun (1978)
References
External links
Swedish actresses
1937 births
Living people
Eugene O'Neill Award winners
Joseph Scott Schmick (born April 7, 1958) is an American farmer, businessman, and politician from Washington. Schmick is a Republican member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 9th Legislative District. Representative Schmick introduced legislation to give away 130 miles of the John Wayne trail back to private landowners effectively closing a large part of the longest Rail-to-Trail in the country. The legislation was nullified as a result of a typo.
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
2020 Guardians of Small Business. Presented by NFIB.
References
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Living people
Washington (state) Republicans
1958 births
21st-century American politicians
Black Wind, White Land is a 1993 documentary film, researched and produced by the founders of the Chernobyl Children's Project International and explores the Chernobyl nuclear disaster of 1986 and its consequences for the handicapped development of the people in Belarus, Russia and Ukraine. The film was directed by Gene Kerrigan and produced by Ali Hewson, the wife of U2's singer Bono.
Background
Chernobyl Children's Project International was founded in Ireland in 1991 by Adi Roche in response to an appeal from Ukrainian and Belarusian doctors for aid. As a result of the organization's work, two documentaries have been released; Black Wind, White Land and Chernobyl Heart. Black Wind, White Land highlights the plight of fallout victims of the Chernobyl event.
Ali Hewson's involvement with Greenpeace protests against the Sellafield plant for nuclear reprocessing led her to become interested in the Chernobyl nuclear disaster of 1986. After a request by activist Adi Roche, she went to blighted, high-radiation exclusion zones in Belarus for three weeks to narrate part of the documentary.
Reception and critical responses
Black Wind, White Land, was shown on RTÉ. Hot Press magazine wrote that Hewson had "obvious gifts as a presenter, which include a sense of quiet compassion that draws forth the best from the people she talks with." Another reviewer said that the documentary was very effective until she started speaking. Hewson was against the accusations about being used on the project because of her husband's fame.
See also
List of Chernobyl-related charities
References
External links
Chernobyl International
Chernobyl Children's Project International
1993 films
English-language Irish films
Irish documentary films
Documentary films about the Chernobyl disaster
1993 documentary films
1990s English-language films
Der Freund ("The Friend") was a literary magazine published by Axel Springer AG. It was produced by Christian Kracht (publisher) and Eckhart Nickel (editor-in-chief) in Kathmandu, Nepal.
Der Freund appeared every three months, with a total of eight editions between September 2004 and June 2006. Its visual style was elaborate, with artistic designs and arcane illustrations, and its range of (often light-hearted) material included essays, short stories, literary miniatures, poems, opinion columns and in-depth interviews. Most pieces were in German, but occasionally English or French. Der Freund was available for International Mailing.
Authors published in Der Freund included Julia Franck, David Woodard, Albert Hofmann, Ian Buruma, Eduardo Kac, Rem Koolhaas, Reinhold Messner, Ira Cohen, Momus, Ingo Niermann, Hans-Ulrich Obrist, Alain Robbe-Grillet, Jonathan Safran Foer, Karlheinz Stockhausen and Nika Scheidemandel. Notable illustrators were Neue Slowenische Kunst and Fischli & Weiss. The magazine also reprinted pieces by major writers such as Allen Ginsberg and Truman Capote under licence. Interviewees included Albert Hofmann, Stanisław Lem, David Lynch and Nam June Paik.
Der Freund was critically acclaimed for its design and cover pages, and won two awards in 2006: a bronze award from the Art Directors Club of Germany for magazine design, and the gold prize for "cover of the year" from the LeadAcademy in Hamburg.
References
External links
"Souplesse Royale" – Review of Der Freund by Harald Martenstein in Der Tagesspiegel, 24 September 2004.
"Obituary" for Der Freund in Der Tagesspiegel, 18 April 2006.
2004 establishments in Nepal
2006 disestablishments in Asia
Defunct literary magazines
Defunct magazines published in Nepal
German-language magazines
Magazines established in 2004
Magazines disestablished in 2006
Magazines published in Nepal
2006 disestablishments in Nepal
General elections were held in Anguilla on 22 April 2015. The result was a victory for the Anguilla United Front alliance, which won six of the seven elected seats in the House of Assembly. The ruling Anguilla United Movement failed to win a seat.
Electoral system
At the time of the elections the House of Assembly had eleven members, of which seven are elected in single-member constituencies and four were appointed. Voters had to be at least 18 years old, whilst candidates had to be at least 21.
Results
By constituency
The closest contest was in the Road North constituency, where the AUF candidate Evalie Bradley won by a single vote against the AUM candidate Patrick Hanley.
Aftermath
Following the elections, Victor Banks of the Anguilla United Front was sworn in as the island's new Chief Minister.
References
Anguilla
2015 in Anguilla
Elections in Anguilla
Anguilla
April 2015 events in North America
Radoslav Batak (; born 15 August 1977) is a Montenegrin professional football manager and a former player who played as a defender.
Club career
Born in Novi Sad, Batak started out at Metalac Futog in 1989, before joining the youth system of Vojvodina in 1993. He was loaned to ČSK Čelarevo, Mladost Apatin and Vrbas. After moving abroad in 2003, Batak went on to play for Dynamo Moscow, Ankaraspor, Antalyaspor and Tobol.
International career
Batak made his debut for Montenegro in his country's first ever competitive match on 24 March 2007, a friendly against Hungary in Podgorica and made 25 appearances, scoring one goal. His final international was an October 2011 European Championship qualification match away against Switzerland.
International goals
Managerial career
In early 2015, Batak was appointed assistant manager to Alexandre Gama at Thai club Buriram United. He switched to fellow Thai club Sisaket the following year.
In April 2017, Batak was appointed manager of Vojvodina. He parted ways with the club on 30 June following a 2–1 home win over Ružomberok in the first leg of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League first qualifying round.
After two seasons spent in Thailand, Batak returned to Serbian football on 25 February 2020, as a manager of Serbian SuperLiga club Radnički Niš. He works with another UEFA Pro licensed coach Davor Berber who joined from AFC Champions League club Tai Po.
Batak's first game was against Vojvodina, the club where he started his career, played for six years, and had managed back in 2017.
In November 2020, Batak was appointed coach of Serbian SuperLiga club Novi Pazar, alongside Davor Berber.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Serbian people of Montenegrin descent
Association football defenders
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Montenegrin footballers
Montenegro international footballers
FK Vojvodina players
FK ČSK Čelarevo players
FK Mladost Apatin players
FK Vrbas players
RFK Grafičar Beograd players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
Ankaraspor footballers
Antalyaspor footballers
FK Mogren players
FC Tobol players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Russian Premier League players
Süper Lig players
Montenegrin First League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Montenegrin expatriate footballers
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Montenegrin football managers
FK Vojvodina managers
Radoslav Batak
FK Radnički Niš managers
FK Novi Pazar managers
Serbian SuperLiga managers
Montenegrin expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Serbia
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Expatriate football managers in Thailand
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
The United Religions Initiative (URI) is a global grassroot interfaith network.
It has local and global initiatives through more than 800 member groups and organizations, called Cooperation Circles, to engage in community action such as conflict resolution and reconciliation, environmental sustainability, education, women's and youth programs, and advocacy for human rights.
The organization was founded by William E. Swing, along with David Cooperrider and Diana Whitney. The URI Charter was signed by more than 200 people present, and hundreds more joining over the Internet, at a ceremony in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, US, on June 26, 2000.
URI also holds consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC).
Activities
Before the formal charter signing in 2000, URI supporters around the world participated together in a project called "72 Hours for Peace", in which more than 250 local organizations united in projects promoting peace and justice during the turn of the millennium.
Examples of global and member initiatives documented in the public record:
The Acholi Religious Leaders Peace Initiative has played a key role in promoting peace in war-torn northern Uganda. The Ugandan groups are also participants in the Northern Uganda Social Action Fund supported by the World Bank.
References
External links
United Religions Initiative
Non-profit organizations based in California
Interfaith organizations
Religious pluralism
Supraorganizations
Religious organizations established in 2000
Dragan Apić (; born 3 October 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Nizhny Novgorod of the VTB United League.
Playing career
In March 2015, Apić signed for Crvena zvezda Telekom and was immediately loaned to FMP, just before the start of the Serbian Super League season, after spending inaugural years of his career in Vršac. On 13 September 2017, Apić signed a four-year contract for Crvena zvezda. On 14 December 2017, he was loaded out to FMP for the rest of the 2017–18 season. In the 2018–19 season, Apić was named Adriatic League Player of the Month for November and December.
On 19 January 2019, Apić signed a four-year contract with the Russian club Lokomotiv Kuban. In January 2020, he was loaned to San Pablo Burgos of the Spanish Liga ACB for the rest of the 2019–20 season.
On 4 July 2020, Apić signed a two-year contract with the Bosnian team Igokea. Ten days later, however, he parted ways with Igokea and signed a two-year contract with the Montenegrin team Budućnost VOLI. On 12 July 2021, he has signed with Stelmet Zielona Góra of the PLK.
Career statistics
Euroleague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Crvena zvezda
| 3 || 0 || 5.6 || 1.000 || .000 || .000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.3 || -.7
|- class="sortbottom"
| align="center" colspan="2"| Career
| 3 || 0 || 5.6 || 1.000 || .000 || .000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.3 || -.7
References
External links
Dragan Apić at aba-liga.com
Dragan Apić at draftexpress.com
Dragan Apić at eurobasket.com
Dragan Apić at fiba.com
1995 births
Living people
ABA League players
Basket Zielona Góra players
Basketball League of Serbia players
CB Miraflores players
KK Budućnost players
KK Crvena zvezda players
KK FMP players
KK Vršac players
PBC Lokomotiv-Kuban players
Power forwards (basketball)
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Poland
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Russia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Serbian men's basketball players
Basketball players from Novi Sad
This List of cultural icons of France is a list of links to cultural icons of France.
Animals
Abondance (cattle), Alsace hamster , Ariegeois, Aubrac cattle
Basque Shepherd Dog, Basset Artésien Normand, Basset Bleu de Gascogne, Basset Fauve de Bretagne, Beauceron, Berger Picard, Braque d'Auvergne, Braque du Bourbonnais, Bresse (chicken), Briand
Camargue horse, Charolais cattle
Blue Picardy Spaniel
Faverolles (chicken), French Bulldog, French Spaniel
Grand Bleu de Gascogne, Great Pyrenees,
Houdan (chicken), La Flèche, Maine-Anjou (cattle), Ouessant (sheep)
Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen, Picardy Spaniel, Pyrenean Shepherd
Rouen Duck
Art, craft
François Boucher, Bernard Buffet
Paul Cézanne , Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot, Gustave Courbet
Jacques-Louis David, Edgar Degas , Eugène Delacroix, Robert Delaunay, André Derain, Marcel Duchamp
Jean-Honoré Fragonard
Paul Gauguin , Giverny
René Lalique , Le Corbusier, Fernand Léger
Édouard Manet, Henri Matisse, Mona Lisa, Claude Monet
Camille Pissarro, Nicolas Poussin
Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Auguste Rodin
Niki de Saint Phalle , Georges Seurat
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Georges de La Tour
Maurice Utrillo
Antoine Watteau
Buildings and structures
Arc de Triomphe
Centre Pompidou , Château de Chambord, Château de Fontainebleau, Château de Chenonceau
Eiffel Tower
French architecture
Gîte
La Défense , Les Invalides, Louvre, Louvre Pyramid
Mont-Saint-Michel, Musée d'Orsay
Notre-Dame d'Amiens, Notre-Dame de Chartres, Notre Dame de Paris, Notre-Dame de Reims
Palace of Versailles, Palais des Papes, Pont de Normandie
Saint Denis Basilica, Sainte-Chapelle
Viaduc de Millau
Dress, fashion
Pierre Balmain, Coco Chanel , , couturier, Christian Dior , Jean-Paul Gaultier, Hubert de Givenchy, Christian Lacroix, Thierry Mugler, Sonia Rykiel, Yves Saint Laurent , Philippe Starck , Louis Vuitton, Lacoste
Emblems and symbols
Flag of France
Fleur de Lys
Marianne
Festivals
Bastille Day
Réveillon
Food and drink
Appellation d'origine contrôlée
Bistro, Paul Bocuse , Bordeaux wine , Bourgogne wine
Camembert , Champagne (wine), Crêpe, Croissant, Baguette, Cuisine of France
Alain Ducasse
Auguste Escoffier
Galette , Guide Michelin
Haute cuisine
Tapenade
Cognac
Government
Armée de Terre, Armée de l'Air, Gendarmerie Nationale, Marine Nationale
Légion Étrangère
Communes of France, Constitution of France, Constitutional Council of France, Court of Cassation
Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, Departments of France, Deputy
Elections in France, Élysée Palace
French Economic and Social Council, French Republic
Journal Officiel de la République Française, Justice in France
Law of France
Municipalities of France
Napoleonic Code, National Assembly of France
Parliament of France, Political parties in France, President of the French Republic , Prime Minister of France
Regions of France
Senate of France
History and legend
Ancien Régime
Battle of Bouvines, Battle of Verdun
Clovis, Hugh Capet, Cardinal Richelieu, Cardinal Mazarin, Jean-Baptiste Colbert, Maximilien Robespierre
Marie Antoinette, Empress Josephine
Field of the Cloth of Gold, Fifth Republic, French Revolution, First Empire, Fourth Republic
Charles de Gaulle
Capetian, House of Bourbon, House of Valois
July Monarchy
Louis XIV, Louis XVI
Napoléon Bonaparte, Viscount of Turenne
Second Empire
Third Republic, Treaty of Verdun
Holidays
Holidays in France
Industry
Air France, Airbus, Airbus A400M
André Citroën
EDF, Electricité de France
Gaz de France
Armand Peugeot
Marcel Renault
France Télécom
Language
Académie française , Alsatian, Basque, Breton, Català, Corsu, Francophonie , French, International Francophone Organisation, Langue d'Oc, Occitan, Provençal, Toubon Law
Literature, newspapers, comics
Alain Robbe-Grillet , Alain-Fournier, Jean Anouilh, Guillaume Apollinaire, Louis Aragon, Astérix Honoré de Balzac, Charles Baudelaire , Pierre Beaumarchais, Simone de Beauvoir , Cyrano de Bergerac, Georges Bernanos, Charles Péguy, André Breton
Albert Camus, Le Canard enchaîné, Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Chansons de geste, Chrétien de Troyes, Pierre Choderlos de Laclos, Paul Claudel, J. M. G. Le Clézio , Jean Cocteau, Colette, Pierre Corneille
René Descartes, Denis Diderot, Alexandre Dumas, Alexandre Dumas, fils, Marguerite Duras
Les Échos, Paul Éluard, L'Express,
Georges Feydeau, Le Figaro, Gustave Flaubert, Jean de La Fontaine, Anatole France
Romain Gary, Théophile Gautier, Jean Genet, André Gide, Jean Giono, Jean Giraudoux, René Goscinny
Victor Hugo , Eugène Ionesco
Jean de La Fontaine, Alphonse de Lamartine, Libération ,
Stéphane Mallarmé, André Malraux, Guy de Maupassant, François Mauriac, Molière, , Le Monde
Man in the Iron Mask, Marcel Pagnol, Blaise Pascal, Charles Perrault, les Contes de ma mère l'Oye, Comtesse de Ségur, Jacques Prévert, Marcel Proust
Le Nouvel Observateur
Le Petit Prince, Prix Goncourt
François Rabelais, Jean Racine, Arthur Rimbaud, Roman de la Rose, Roman de Renart, Reynard, Edmond Rostand, Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Françoise Sagan , Jean-Paul Sartre, The Song of Roland, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Stendhal
Tristan and Iseult
Albert Uderzo
Paul Valéry, Paul Verlaine, Jules Verne, Boris Vian, François Villon, Voltaire
Émile Zola
Music
Music of France
Charles Aznavour
Daniel Balavoine, Barbara, Gilbert Bécaud, Michel Berger, Berlioz , Georges Bizet, Gabriel Fauré, Pierre Boulez
Maurice Chevalier, François Couperin
Daft Punk
Dalida, Claude Debussy , Sacha Distel , Jacques Dutronc
Georges Brassens, Jacques Brel , Claude François
Serge Gainsbourg, France Gall, Django Reinhardt, Stéphane Grappelli , Jean-Jacques Goldman, Juliette Gréco
Josephine Baker
Johnny Hallyday, Françoise Hardy
Jean Michel Jarre , Maurice Jarre
Michel Legrand, Jean-Baptiste Lully
Mireille Mathieu, Olivier Messiaen, Darius Milhaud, Mistinguett, Yves Montand
Jacques Offenbach
Édith Piaf , Francis Poulenc
Jean-Philippe Rameau, Maurice Ravel , Tino Rossi, Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle
Camille Saint-Saëns, Henri Salvador , Erik Satie
Charles Trenet , Troubadour, Trouvère
Sylvie Vartan
Yé-yé
People
List of French people
Abbé Pierre, Commandant Cousteau, Yann Arthus-Bertrand
Raymond Barre, Simone de Beauvoir, Henri Bergson, Bernard of Clairvaux, Louis Blériot, Léon Blum, Louis Braille, Régis Debray
Henri Cartier-Bresson, Charlemagne, Jacques Chirac, Georges Clemenceau, Le Corbusier, Marie Curie, Pierre Curie
Jacques Delors, Jacques Derrida, René Descartes, Alfred Dreyfus, Hélène Boucher
Gustave Eiffel
Charles de Gaulle
Baron Haussmann
Jean Jaurès, Jean Moulin, Frédéric Joliot-Curie
Henri Désiré Landru, Jack Lang, Antoine Lavoisier, Jean-Marie Le Pen , Auguste and Louis Lumière
Marquis de Lafayette, Jean-Paul Marat, Pierre Mendès France, François Mitterrand, Jean Monnet, Michel de Montaigne, Montesquieu, Montgolfier brothers
Blaise Pascal, Louis Pasteur, Philippe Pétain
César Ritz, Jean Rostand, Ségolène Royal
Nicolas Sarkozy, Sœur Emmanuelle
Jules Hardouin Mansart, Chevalier d'Éon, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand, Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Germaine Tillion
Vauban, Vercingetorix, Simone Veil
Places
Alps
Brittany,
Camargue, Carcassonne, Cévennes, Cities of France, Corsica, Côte d'Azur
Gardens of France, Garonne
Lakes of France, Lille, Loire, Lourdes , Lyon
Marseille, Massif Central, Mont Blanc
Nantes, Nice, Normandy
Paris, Pyrenees, Puy de Dôme
Reims, Rhône, Rivers of France
Seine
Toulouse
World Heritage Sites in France
Religion
Notre-Dame de Paris, Grand Mosque of Paris, Grande synagogue de Lyon
Joan of Arc, Saint Genevieve
Avignon Papacy
Shopping, money
Bank of France, Galeries Lafayette
Sport
Fabien Barthez, Serge Blanco, Boules
Philippe Candeloro, Eric Cantona, Pierre de Coubertin
Émile Delahaye, Christophe Dominici
French Open
Grand Prix
Thierry Henry
Jean-Claude Killy
Laure Manaudou, Le Mans
Yannick Noah
Parkour, Gwendal Peizerat, Pétanque, Michel Platini, Alain Prost
Roland Garros
Stade de France
Tour de France, David Trezeguet
Patrick Vieira
Arsène Wenger
Zinedine Zidane
Television, radio, film, theatre
Anouk Aimée, Charles Aznavour
Brigitte Bardot , Jean-Paul Belmondo, Luc Besson, Juliette Binoche, Charles Boyer,
Canal Plus, Cannes Film Festival , Marcel Carné, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Laetitia Casta, Claude Chabrol, Cinema of France, Clotilde Courau, Comédie-Française
Jean Delannoy , Alain Delon, Catherine Deneuve , Gérard Depardieu, Guillaume Depardieu , Jean Desailly , Jean Dujardin
Brigitte Fossey, Louis de Funès
Jean Gabin, Léon Gaumont, Annie Girardot, Jean-Luc Godard, Sacha Guitry
Isabelle Huppert
Jean-Pierre Léaud, Claude Lelouch, Auguste Lumière, Louis Lumière
Louis Malle, Marcel Marceau, Sophie Marceau, Jean Marais, Georges Méliès, Mistinguett, Yves Montand, Jeanne Moreau , Michèle Morgan
Nouvelle Vague
Marcel Pagnol, Patrick Poivre d'Arvor , Charles Pathé, Pathé Frères, Gérard Philippe
Jean Reno, Jean Renoir, Alain Resnais
Simone Signoret,
Jacques Tati, Audrey Tautou, Jean-Louis Trintignant, François Truffaut
Roger Vadim
Transport
Air France, Airbus A400M
Canal du Midi, Channel Tunnel , Charles de Gaulle Airport, Citroën
Eurostar, Getlink , Eurotunnel Shuttle
Orly
Peugeot
Renault, Roissy
SNCF, Mont Blanc Express
Concorde
Thalys, The TGV
See also
Cultural icon
Culture of France
References
French culture
France
Cultural history of France
Ziarat (, also Romanized as Zīārat and Zeyārat) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 20 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Sherpathri is one of the Block in District Ganderbal, Jammu and Kashmir, India. It was formed in 2014 by the J&K Govt and is located at a distance of 5 km from the main town. There are total of 7 Blocks in Ganderbal District. Sherpathri Consists of 5 Halqas viz; Gogjigund, Sehpora, Rabitar, Shallabugh and Hakim Gund.
Famous Destination
Asia's Largest Wetland is located in the Shallabugh Village of Sherpathri Block. Every year large number of migratory birds from different countries visit the wetland.
Geography
Sherpathri is located 5 km west of Ganderbal town and 22 km from the Srinagar center, at an average elevation of . The famous Sonamarg hill station is at a distance of 70 km from here. The Sind River, a major tributary to the Jehlum River flows through Sherpathri. The sand (bajri) of this river has a great value for money for its quality.
Demographics
The population of Block Sherpathri is 51355 Males constitute 52% of the total population while female constitute 48% of the total population.
The total geographical area of this Block is 25.42 km2. Agriculture is the mainstay of the population. Urdu is the official language here, people also speak their native language (Kashmiri) as well as English (both of which are also official, and Hindi).
Climate
Sherpathri has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cfa). The valley is surrounded by the Himalayas on all sides. Winters are cool, with daytime temperature averaging to , and drops below freezing point at night. Moderate to heavy snowfall occurs in winter and the highway connecting Kashmir with the rest of India faces frequent blockades due to icy roads and avalanches. Summers are warm with a July daytime average of . The average annual rainfall is around . Spring is the wettest season while autumn is the driest. The highest temperature reliably recorded is and the lowest is .
See also
Ganderbal
Gogjigund
Sind
Wakura
References
Kashmir
Villages in Ganderbal district
Nancy Jobson (17 April 1880 – 22 June 1964) was an Australian teacher and headmistress.
Biography
Jobson was born at Clunes, Victoria in 1880 to Christopher Jobson, a merchant from Northumberland, England, and his second wife Elizabeth Cameron, née McColl, from Scotland. Jobson attended Presbyterian Ladies' College, Melbourne and in 1897 she began university studies at the University of Melbourne. She completed a bachelor of arts degree in 1900, with honours in classics and philology, and a master of arts degree in 1902.
Following her graduation, she returned to Presbyterian Ladies' College as sports mistress, and in 1920 moved to Invercargill, New Zealand, to take up the position of headmistress of Southland Girls' High School. She held the position until 1919, when she moved to Wellington, becoming the first principal of Queen Margaret College. Two years later she moved to Queensland to become headmistress of Fairholme Presbyterian Girls' College in Toowoomba.
In 1921 she moved again, to Sydney, and became principal of the Presbyterian Ladies' College in Pymble. During her tenure the school experienced significant change; enrolments increased from 256 in 1921 to 414 in 1929 and the number of boarders from 95 to 161, however the Great Depression later caused a slump in enrolments to only 208 by 1932. Jobson left the school in mid-1933 with a negotiated redundancy settlement following a disagreement with the school council over proposed downsizing measures prompted by the economic downturn.
In 1934, Jobson founded Hopewood House, a finishing school for girls which taught homecraft and secretarial studies. The school closed in 1943 and Jobson went to teach for the International Correspondence Schools.
Throughout her years in headmistress positions, Jobson advocated for domestic education for girls and focused on encouraging girls towards excellence in home management, the cultivation of manners and artistic sense. She introduced courses in domestic science and music. She also wanted girls to have an ethic of community service and the schools she ran were involved with welfare work in hospitals and Christian organisations.
Jobson was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1955, for services to education in Australia. She died on 22 June 1964.
Jobson Place, in the Canberra suburb of Chisholm, is named in her honour.
References
1880 births
1964 deaths
People from Clunes, Victoria
Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
University of Melbourne alumni
Australian headmistresses
19th-century Australian women
20th-century Australian women
Gerald E. Sampson is a Canadian businessman and politician. He represented the electoral district of Victoria-The Lakes in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 2003 to 2006. He was a member of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party.
Life and career
A resident of Big Bras d'Or, Nova Scotia, Sampson has worked for Human Resources Development Canada as an outreach worker, several trucking companies, in direct sales, and owned and managed his own business for five years. He also worked for Statistics Canada as a Census Commissioner in 1991, 1996 and 2001. Sampson attended Cape Breton University.
Political career
In 1991, Sampson was elected a municipal councillor in Victoria County, Nova Scotia. He was re-elected in the 1994, 1997, and 2000 elections. Following the 2000 election, Sampson was elected by council to serve as county warden.
In November 2002, Sampson announced that he was running for the provincial Liberal nomination in the newly created Victoria-The Lakes riding. On March 29, 2003, Sampson defeated Brian Boudreau, the incumbent from Cape Breton-The Lakes on the third ballot to win the nomination. In the 2003 election, Sampson defeated Progressive Conservative Keith Bain by 248 votes to win the seat, while Boudreau who ran as an independent finished fourth. Sampson was defeated when he ran for re-election in 2006, losing to Bain by 729 votes. He attempted to regain the seat in the 2009 election, but finished second, as Bain was re-elected by 505 votes.
References
External links
Gerald Sampson profile via Our Campaigns
Living people
Nova Scotia Liberal Party MLAs
Businesspeople from Nova Scotia
People from Victoria County, Nova Scotia
Cape Breton University alumni
Nova Scotia municipal councillors
21st-century Canadian politicians
1942 births
Novus ("new" in Latin) may refer to:
Companies
Novus Biologicals, a biotech company based in Littleton, Colorado, US
Novus Entertainment, a Canadian telecommunications company
Novus International, an animal health and nutrition company
Novus Leisure, a British company owning bars and nightclubs
Novus Partners, a portfolio intelligence platform for institutional investors
Novus Records, an American jazz record label
Novus, a former processing-center partner of Discover Card
Novus Organics, an Australian Organics company focussed on bringing its customers premium quality organic products the planet can offer
Other
Tata Novus, a truck introduced in 2005
Novus, a planet in the Stargate Universe episode "Common Descent"
Novus, a race of sentient machines from the video game Universe at War: Earth Assault
"Novus", a song by Santana from Shaman
See also
Novuss, a game of physical skill
Sir Walter Derek Thornley Hodgson (24 May 1917 – 10 October 2002) was a British barrister and High Court judge. He presided over the Blakelock trial in 1987.
References
https://www.ukwhoswho.com/view/10.1093/ww/9780199540891.001.0001/ww-9780199540884-e-20403
https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/sir-derek-hodgson-sp7b3p63s7q
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/obituaries/1410774/Sir-Derek-Hodgson.html
https://www.theguardian.com/news/2002/oct/23/guardianobituaries
1917 births
2002 deaths
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Gare Saint-Jean station is located online of the tramway de Bordeaux. The station served as the terminus of the line until 27 February 2008 when it was expanded to Terres Neuves (Bègles).
Situation
The station is located on Charles Domercq road in Bordeaux across from Gare de Bordeaux Saint-Jean.
Junctions
SNCF (train service)
Bordeaux Saint-Jean railway station
TGV, TER Aquitaine, Trains Grandes Lignes
TBC Network
Réseau -Bus-
Trans Gironde Network
Close by
Gare Saint-Jean SNCF
Parking Saint-Jean
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Tram stops in Bordeaux
Railway stations in France opened in 2004
SM UB-121 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 10 February 1918 as SM UB-121.
UB-121 was surrendered to the Allies at Harwich on 20 November 1918 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany. She was transferred to France in 1919, but while in tow to Brest in company with she ran aground at Birling Gap on 15 April 1919. The wreck was sold by the British Admiralty to R. Longmate for £500 on 3 May 1919, and broken up in situ, although a few pieces remain in situ.
Construction
She was built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 6 January 1918. UB-121 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Oblt.z.S. Albrecht Schmidt. Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-121 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-121 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-121 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
"I Specialize in Love" is a song written by Lotti Golden and Richard Scher. Mixed by Tee Scott, the song was a club hit in the early 1980s when recorded by American singer Sharon Brown, the niece of songwriter Phil Medley. Released as a single in March 1982, by Profile Records, it spent three weeks at number two on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart, her only song to reach this survey. The single also charted on the UK Singles Chart, becoming an international club hit. A remixed version of the song was released in 1994, entering the UK Singles Chart for a second time.
Brian Chin of Billboard called "I Specialize in Love" a "very skillful pastiche of a whole passel of recent street and fusion sounds, along with a simple rap."
Exposé version
Ten years later, the American girl group Exposé included a cover version of the song on its 1992 self-titled studio album. This version featured lead vocals by Ann Curless , Jeanette Jurado and Kelly Moneymaker. It was produced by DNA (musicians Nick Batt and Neal Slateford), which had scored a hit in 1990 for themselves and Suzanne Vega when the group remixed Vega's song "Tom's Diner." Although this version of "I Specialize in Love" was not formally released as a single from the album Exposé, it was issued as a promotional 12" single to dance clubs in 1995 when various remixes of the song by Darrin Friedman were included on the CD Maxi-single release of "I'll Say Good-bye for the Two of Us." This latter song was taken from the soundtrack of the 1995 film Free Willy 2, and although both songs failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100 chart, "I Specialize in Love" became a top-ten single on the Billboard Club Play chart again, peaking at #6. It also reached the top twenty on the Billboard Hot Dance Singles Sales chart in December of that year.
Track listing
Sharon Brown version
12" promo
US: Profile, UK: Virgin / 1982
A - "I Specialize In Love" (7:16)
B - "I Specialize In Love" (instrumental) (6:00)
Exposé version
12" promo
US: Arista / 1995
A1 - "I Specialize in Love" Spike Club Mix I (7:16)
A2 - "I Specialize in Love" Spike Dub (6:45)
B1 - "I Specialize in Love" Spike Club Mix II (8:02)
B2 - "I Specialize in Love" Spike Classic Mix (6:13)
Charts
Sharon Brown version
Exposé version
References
External links
1982 Sharon Brown 12" single discogs.com
1995 Exposé 12" single discogs.com
1982 songs
1982 singles
1995 singles
Exposé (group) songs
Songs written by Lotti Golden
Arista Records singles
Profile Records singles
William Henry Timlin (May 28, 1852August 21, 1916) was an American lawyer and judge. He was a justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court for the last ten years of his life.
Biography
Born in Mequon, Wisconsin. His father was an Irish American immigrant who had served as Treasurer of Washington County, Wisconsin, which then also included all of Ozaukee County. His mother died when he was six, and his father, who volunteered for the Union Army, disappeared during the American Civil War. Thus Timlin was raised, from age nine, by his uncle, who was a farmer struggling with financial hardship.
He worked on his uncle's farm but got little formal education. His uncle died during his teenage years, and more hardship followed. He studied surveying and stenography and taught school to make money. At age 25, he was employed as a stenographer at the Wisconsin Circuit Court in Kewaunee, Wisconsin.
Timlin studied law under G. G. Sedgwick, and later H. G. and W. J. Turner, and was admitted to the State Bar of Wisconsin in 1878. He practiced law in Kewaunee, where he also served as superintendent of the public schools. He later moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he carried on his legal career.
In 1906, he was elected to a newly created seat on the Wisconsin Supreme Court. He did not run for re-election in 1916, but died four months before the end of his term.
Electoral history
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, April 1906
Notes
External links
People from Mequon, Wisconsin
Wisconsin lawyers
Justices of the Wisconsin Supreme Court
1852 births
1916 deaths
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
I.M. Meen is a 1995 educational game for DOS to teach grammar to children. The player walks around a labyrinth, rescuing children and defeating monsters. The educational aspect of the game comes in the form of "scrolls," writings of I.M. Meen in which the player must correct the grammatical mistakes in order to rescue the children. The game was created by Russo-American company Animation Magic which also did Animation for the CD-i games Hotel Mario, Link: The Faces of Evil and Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon. Peter Berkrot provided the voice of I.M Meen, while Gnorris was voiced by John Mahon.
Plot
Ignatius Mortimer Meen, an evil magician who despises children and learning, creates a magical book that sucks children inside when they read it. The book takes them to a massive labyrinth, where they are found by monstrous guardians and locked into cells. Players play as two children named Scott and Katie, who are trapped inside this labyrinth. Gnorris, a gnome who has betrayed I.M. Meen, helps the two escape and, after sending them to rescue the other children, presents a magic orb so he can contact the player at any time. He gives hints as the game progresses and warns whenever a boss is nearby.
The player travels through the labyrinth, defeating the monsters and rescuing the children, causing the labyrinth's condition to rapidly deteriorate. The player must eventually confront I.M. Meen himself and defeat him using Writewell's Book of Better Grammar, which he has stolen and hidden in the labyrinth. After his defeat, the magician vows revenge and disappears, declaring that he will return and make good on his promise.
Gameplay
The player goes through 36 levels in the game with nine locations, including a tower, a dungeon, sewers, caves, catacombs, hedgerow mazes, castles, laboratories, and libraries. The player must rescue all the children on each level to get to the next one, which is done by fixing grammar mistakes in various scrolls. In every fourth level, the player must defeat a boss monster, otherwise known as one of I.M. Meen's special pets, to advance to a new area. There are items in the labyrinth that can be used to help the player defeat the various monsters that dwell in the labyrinth, as well as help them out in other ways. The player has an Agility Meter, similar to a health meter that, when it runs out, takes the player back to the beginning of the level and removes all items collected on that level. Near the end of the game, the player must defeat I.M Meen himself, who can only be harmed by the Writewell's Book of Better Grammar (other weapons have no effect on him at all). Defeating him and solving the last scroll wins the game.
Reception
The Contra Costa Times gave the game a positive review, calling it "the first computer game for young children to use the same fast 3-D graphics found in Doom" and praising it for its educational themes. Brad Cook of Allgame thought that the game's graphics and sound were well-executed, and thought that the game was well-developed for its time, but concluded his review by saying, "Since this program set out first and foremost to be an educational product, I'll have to give it a low mark because it simply fails to do that, despite how well-done the rest of it is" and gave the game two stars out of five.
In recent years , the game has been popularized by internet memes. The animated cutscenes have been used in a popular style of video mashup known as YouTube Poop and have been mashed up with other sources such as Link: The Faces of Evil, Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon, and Hotel Mario.
Legacy
A 1996 sequel to the game was made, titled Chill Manor, featuring a story about I.M. Meen's presumed wife, Ophelia Chill, who obtains the Book of Ages and tears out all the pages, allowing her to rewrite history. Meen appears at the game's ending to rescue Ophelia after she is tied to a chair. I.M. Meen, as well as Sonic's Schoolhouse and 3D Dinosaur Adventure: Save the Dinosaurs, has been named as one of the inspirations for the indie game Baldi's Basics in Education and Learning.
Circa 2006, I. M. Meen cutscenes were a major source material for YouTube Poops, among other Animation Magic games including Link: The Faces of Evil and Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon.
References
External links
1995 video games
Children's educational video games
DOS games
DOS-only games
English-language-only video games
First-person shooters
Internet memes
North America-exclusive video games
Video game memes
Video games developed in the United States
Video games featuring protagonists of selectable gender
Video games set in castles
Video games with 2.5D graphics
Sprite-based first-person shooters
Simon & Schuster Interactive games
Single-player video games
Deftinge is a village which makes up part of the municipality of Lierde. It is located in the Denderstreek and in the Flemish Ardennes, the hilly southern part of the Belgian province of East Flanders. It was an independent municipality until 1977 when it was merged into Lierde.
Overview
The village was first mentioned as Davatinge in the middle of the 11th century. The village was a part of the heerlijkheid and barony of Boelare during the Middle Ages. The municipality was merged into Lierde in 1977.
The village's coat of arms is of unknown origin. The arms were granted on 24 February 1819 and confirmed on 21 July 1843.
Notable people
Ferdi Van Den Haute (1952), road bicycle racer.
Gallery
References
External links
Lierde
Populated places in East Flanders
League 6 of the MŽRKL, or Superleague, took place between 28 December 2015 and it will end on 11 February 2016.
The four best ranked teams advanced to the Final Four. The points against teams from the same preliminary round were taken over.
Standings
Fixtures/Results
All times given below are in Central European Time.
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
Game 4
Game 5
Game 6
External links
Official website
MŽRKL 2015–16 League 6 at srbijasport.net
League 6
2015–16 in Serbian basketball
2015–16 in Bosnia and Herzegovina basketball
2015–16 in Montenegrin basketball
2015–16 in Croatian basketball
2015–16 in Slovenian basketball
Distributed Free Rainbow Tables (or DistrRTgen) was a volunteer computing project for making rainbow tables for password cracking. By using the Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing (BOINC) software platform, DistrRTgen was able to generate rainbow tables that are able to crack long passwords. DistrRtgen was used to generate LM, NTLM, MD5 and MYSQLSHA1 rainbow tables.
All of the rainbow tables are downloadable at Free Rainbow Tables.
See also
RainbowCrack
References
Science in society
Volunteer computing projects
James John Hamlyn Moses (14 August 1873 – 28 May 1946) was an English politician who served as mayor and later MP for Plymouth.
Personal life
Moses was born in Dartmouth, Devon, the son of James J. H. Moses, a shipwright, and Susannah L. Peek.
He was educated at the Board School, Dartmouth and started work part-time at the age of nine as a newspaper boy. He became a full-time errand boy at the age of thirteen. He took an apprenticeship in the trade of shipbuilding at fifteen. He entered HM Dockyard, Devonport in 1895. He married Agnes Ferris in 1897. He lived at 95 Alexandra Road, Devonport. He was a temperance worker and local preacher. He was Methodist from 1891.
Political career
Moses became a Member of the Devonport Borough Council in 1911, the Council of Greater Plymouth in 1914, and an Alderman in 1921. He then became Borough Magistrate in 1918, Mayor of Plymouth in 1926–27 and Devon County Magistrate in 1927. He was Member of the Executive Committee of the Ship Constructive and Shipwrights' Association.
Moses was originally a Liberal but joined the Labour Party in 1918 and became a local leader. He contested the Plymouth Drake constituency in the elections of 1923 and 1924, before defeating Arthur Shirley Benn and H. Pratt in the 1929 election. He was the first royal dockyard worker to be elected to Parliament, serving till 1931. After being elected a petition was presented against him alleging bribery and corruption on the part of his agent during the election. He was cleared of all charges and awarded £3,000 costs.
References
External links
1873 births
1946 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Plymouth
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Liberal Party (UK) councillors
Mayors of Plymouth
English shipbuilders
English Methodists
UK MPs 1929–1931
RO2 can stand for one of the following:
Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad
Ragnarok Online 2: Legend of the Second
Ragnarok Online 2: The Gate of the World, the cancelled version of the above game
Organic peroxide or other compounds with the peroxide group
, an Imperial Japanese Navy submarine commissioned in 1920 and stricken in 1932
Arturs Sproģis (6 March 1904 – 2 October 1980; ) was a Latvian colonel and commander of the Soviet partisans during the occupation of Latvia by Nazi Germany in World War II.
Early life and career
Sproģis was born in Riga in 1904 in to a working-class family. In 1919 he voluntarily joined the Latvian Red Riflemen at the age of 15 in defence of the short-lived Latvian Socialist Soviet Republic. At the same time he also joined the Komsomol. In 1920, he was sent to Komosomol courses in Moscow, after which he continued his military service in the Red Army fighting against the White forces of General Wrangel. Subsequently, he attended military academy, finishing in 1922. Thereafter he served in the border guards until 1928, when he was sent to the OGPU Border Guards School in Moscow for further training. Following these courses, he was assigned to the Special Section (Counterintelligence) of the Byelorussian SSR NKVD, where he served until 1936. He then was sent on a special mission in the Spanish Civil War. After returning from Spain in 1937, he began courses at the Red Army's M. V. Frunze Military Academy, completing his studies in 1941.
Soviet partisan
With the start of Operation Barbarossa, Sproģis was involved in organising anti-German partisan resistance in Belarus and Latvia. From its formation in 1943 until 1944, Sproģis served as the Chief of Staff of the Latvian resistance movement.
Later career
Later, he was appointed to the special group of activists from the Communist Party of Latvia, whose job it was to re-establish the functioning of the Latvian SSR after the Germans had been driven out of the country.
From 1944, he resided in Riga. After the complete liberation of the Latvian SSR from the Nazis and their allies, Sprogis was appointed head of the military department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Latvia.
Sproģis was awarded the Order of the Red Banner four times, as well as the Order of Lenin.
Sources
All details from Sproģis's CV in 1944, published in H. Strods (see below), v. 2, pp. 76–7.
Literature
Strods, Heinrihs (ed.), PSRS kaujinieki Latvijā, 2 vols (Riga, 2006–7); (v. 1), (v. 2)
Боярский, В.И., Диверсанты Западного фронта: Артур Спрогис и другие. Страницы Памят (Moscow: Красная звезда, 2007);
See also
Zoya Kosmodemyanskaya, famous Soviet female partisan who served under Sproģis in Special Unit 9903.
External links
http://pobeda.rambler.ru/scouts.html?id=234
http://det.lib.ru/o/olbik/spartakgorchdoc.shtml
https://web.archive.org/web/20071207104509/http://www.world-war.ru/article_455.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20080415184611/http://www.mezhdunarodnik.ru/rubricisubject/5978.html
1904 births
1980 deaths
Military personnel from Riga
People from the Governorate of Livonia
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Latvian people of the Spanish Civil War
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Soviet Latvian partisans
Soviet people of the Spanish Civil War
NKVD officers
Frunze Military Academy alumni
Soviet border guards
Created in 1982, The American Society of Trial Consultants, Inc. is the only professional organization for litigation and trial consulting. It is the industry driver for standards in practical small group research, effective witness protection and preparation, and informed jury selection. The mission of the ASTC is to "[Make] the most of the facts, law and presentation skill," and "...help litigators become better at persuading jurors and other fact-finders [to make] the system work in a way that is more meaningful, more reliable, and ultimately more fair."
History
The concept of trial consulting was virtually unheard of until the 1971 trial of the "Harrisburg Seven," a group of priests and nuns who were charged with anti-Vietnam War activities. This was the first time that psychologists and sociologists officially supported a litigation team in a criminal trial. Although they were not paid for their consulting services, the idea of incorporating behavioral science in preparing for litigation was born.
Throughout the 1970s, litigation teams utilized this budding concept of trial consulting to impact their outcomes, including the Joan Little criminal trial, the Angela Davis trial, the
Wounded Knee trials, trials stemming from the Attica prison riots, the trial of Mark David Chapman (John Lennon's assassin), Vietnam Veterans Against the War, Vietnam veterans against the manufacturers of Agent Orange, the trials of Attorney General John Mitchell and defendant Maurice Stans (Watergate), and Colombian drug lord Carlos Lehder, among others. In a majority of these cases, the verdict favored the side which used a trial consultant. This led to a heightened interest in standardizing practices for the burgeoning field of study.
On October 9, 1982, a small group of twenty-four practicing trial consultants met in Phoenix, Arizona to discuss the future and longevity of trial consulting as a profession. Major contributors to the field were there, including Dick Crawford, Stuart Kenter, Lin Lilley, Ron Matlon, Melissa McMath Hafield, Scott Nobles, Jack Parker, Mo Rouse, Joyce Tsongas, Vivian Dicks, Robert Hirsch, Elizabeth Loftus, Diana Prentice, and Lucy Keele. This group, originally known as the Association of Trial Behavior Consultants created a set of standards and practices for trial consultants that has guided the industry for more than thirty years.
Three years later, in 1985, the name of the organization was officially changed to the American Society of Trial Consultants, Inc.
References
Professional associations based in the United States
Organizations established in 1982
EOL or Eol may refer to:
Encyclopedia of Life, a freely-accessible, online collaborative bio-encyclopedia
End-of-life (product), a term used with respect to terminating the sale or support of goods and services
End-of-line, a special character or sequence of characters signifying the end of a line of text in computing
Eol, poetic form of Aeolus, a character representing the wind in Greek mythology
See also
End-of-life care (EoLC), medical care options, primarily for patients who are considered critically ill
End-of-life (disambiguation)
Scovern Hot Springs (also known as Agua Caliente, Neills Hot Springs and Hot Springs House) is a thermal spring system, and former settlement in the Kern River Valley of the Southern Sierra Nevada, in Kern County, California.
History
The thermal springs in the area have been used historically by Native Americans and later by Spanish settlers for their balneotheraputic qualities.
The Hot Springs Valley in Kern County was inhabited by the Palagewan people who lived along the Kern River's north fork. Other indigenous groups using the area were the Foothill Yokuts, Pahkanapil, Kawaiisu and Tübatulabal people.
A Tübatulabal village was located at the site of Scovern Hot Springs. The Tübatulabal, a Uto-Aztecan-speaking people, are considered to have been the "first stewards of the region." Their complex societal structure and innovative trade network was based on seasonal patterns in relation to the land. The Tübatulabal engaged in limited agriculture by harvesting local crops and herding animals in a semi-nomadic fashion. They maintained semi-permanent dwellings with rock foundations within their villages located throughout the valley.
When the Spanish first arrived in the area in the late 1700s, they came in contact with the Tübatulabal and Kawaiisu in the region. During the early 1800s these indigenous people had limited trade-related transactions with the Euro-Americans. These cultural dynamics shifted when gold was discovered in 1848 at Sutter's Mill which brought thousands of miners to inland California including many to the Kern River and Lake Isabella valleys. According to the Audubon California Kern River Preserve, the Tübatulabal first made contact with Francisco Garcés in 1776, and later with John C. Frémont in 1834, and with the Walker expedition in 1843.
The Scovern Hot Springs are located in the South Fork Kern River region. For a time, the springs were known as Agua Caliente, and as Neills Hot Springs.
Former settlement
The California Department of Conservation states that Scovern hot springs as well as several other hot springs along the Kern River have "historically been developed for resort/spa use."
The former settlement of Scovern Hot Springs was located at the site of a geothermal spring system in the central area of Hot Springs Valley. In the 1800s it was a stop for horse-drawn stage coaches on the road between the town of Old Kernville and the railroad stop at Caliente. Ruins of the settlement that burned in 1971 could be seen until the mid-1990s when the remaining structure collapsed.
In 1866, the hot springs became known to local settlers when the "Hot Springs House", a hotel and bathhouse, was built on the site to accommodate miners. Visalia W. Delta wrote in 1866 that the thermal waters were presented as curative of "peculiar inducements to invalids, especially those suffering from chronic diseases." She goes on to write that the owners at the time guaranteed the spring water was a "speedy cure of the most obdurate cases." During this time, the owners planned to develop the facilities for "families wishing to sojourn here" to offer them accommodations to stay for weeks at a time. The cost of room and board was $15 per week, including the use of the mineral baths. In 1867 the "Ranch House" building was built at Scovern Hot Springs. The hot mineral spring water at the bathhouse was purported to cure various ailments. For a time the facility was operated by a subsidiary of the Kern County Hospital.
In 1902 John Neill purchased the "Hot Springs House", which at that time consisted of the hotel, a restaurant and a mineral spa. In 1915 the resort was completed with the addition of a swimming pool. Neill's wife Annie managed the hotel and its employees. John Neill's cousin, Robert Little, took care of the bath house. The old wooden mud-bath soaking tubs were updated with galvanized soaking tubs. Chinese cooks from the town of Kernville prepared food for guests. These upgrades brought tourists to the hot springs. Eventually, boarders rented rooms month-to-month, dined in the restaurant and participated in events such as weekend square dances.
The Neill family also bought the surrounding 840 acres which was farmed for alfalfa. The ranch raised sheep and cattle and a slaughterhouse was opened on-site. A local biographer wrote of the ranch and homestead that it had “ample barns and other out-buildings and [was] supplied with implements and appliances of every kind essential to diversified farming.”
In 1929, Louis G. Scovern and his wife Edna purchased the property, renamed it "The Scovern House". A swimming pool and additional bath houses were constructed at this time.
In 1938, the hot springs resort spa was described as a popular watering place. For a time a dude ranch was operated at Scovern Hot Springs. In the late 1930s, Mr. and Mrs. H.A. Page managed the Scovern's Hot Springs Ranch. In the 1930s and 40s the Sierra Roundup Rodeo took place at Scovern Hot Springs. The Scovern's daughter Pauline and her husband Johnny E. McNally, a ranch hand at the hot springs resort were married in 1936; McNally went on the produce the annual Sierra Rodeo Round-up held at Scovern Hot Springs. In 1941 Scovern Hot Springs was called a "leading settlement Kern's 19th century mining days" by the Bakersfield Californian newspaper.
In March, 1971 Scovern Hot Springs burned to the ground. All of the resort buildings are gone, leaving only the natural hot spring. Visitors to the areas can observe the steam rising throughout the wetland fields across from the spring system.
Hot springs water profile
The hot water emerges from several spring sources in the Quaternary and Tertiary sedimentary rocks and alluvial material within the Kern Canyon geological fault zone.
The average temperature is 113° F / 45° C, flowing from the source at a rate of 140–to–149 gallons per minute. Spring no. 1 emerges from the ground at 132° F / 56° C, at a rate of flow of 330 liters per minute (87 gallons per minute). Two additional unnamed thermal wells are located near the primary Scovern hot springs. Unnamed well no. 1 is 116° F / 47° C, and unnamed well no. 2 is 127° F / 53° C. In addition to balneologic uses, the spring water was used for irrigation.
Location
Scovern Hot Springs is located in the South Fork Kern River region north-northeast of Bodfish, at an elevation of 2490 feet (759 m). Scovern Hot Springs still appeared on maps as of 1943.
The springs are located in the Kern Canyon fault zone within the 225-acre Hot Springs Valley Wetlands complex. Due to the high-discharge rate of the springs, the water flows throughout the wetlands area at the daily average rate of 300,000 gallons.
Gallery
See also
List of hot springs in the United States
References
Former settlements in Kern County, California
Kern River Valley
Populated places in the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Hot springs of California
Wetlands of California
This is a list of events in Scottish television from 2019.
Events
January
No events.
February
12 February – Details of BBC Scotland's flagship news programme, The Nine, are released. The 60-minute programme will air daily from 9.00pm, and has a fifteen strong team of presenters and reporters. It will be anchored by Rebecca Curran and Martin Geissler.
17 February – BBC Two Scotland closes in preparation for the launch of the BBC Scotland channel. Viewers in Scotland can still watch the national version of BBC Two, with regional content aired by BBC Two Scotland being transferred to the new channel.
24 February – At 7pm, the BBC Scotland channel launches. Overnight figures indicate it to have had a peak viewership of 700,000, with five of the top ten programmes seen in Scotland being aired by BBC Scotland.
25 February – BBC Scotland launches its weekday flagship news programme The Nine.
27 February – Launch of Debate Night, BBC Scotland's weekly political debate show.
March
No events.
April
11 April – Jackie Bird presents her final bulletin for Reporting Scotland, after thirty years of appearing on the programme.
May to October
No events.
November
26 November – Details of three BBC Scotland comedy programmes for 2020, are released. Three 30 minute shows were commissioned: The Scotts, Group and the Daly Grind.
December
No events.
Debuts
BBC
25 February – The Nine on BBC Scotland
27 February – Debate Night on BBC Scotland
1 March – A View from the Terrace on BBC Scotland
26 March – Rogue to Wrestler on BBC Scotland
7 August – Jamie Genevieve: A Year in the Life on BBC Scotland
10 November – The Big Scottish Book Club on BBC Scotland
Television series
Reporting Scotland (1968–1983; 1984–present)
Sportscene (1975–present)
Landward (1976–present)
The Beechgrove Garden (1978–present)
Eòrpa (1993–present)
Only an Excuse? (1993–2020)
River City (2002–present)
The Adventure Show (2005–present)
Daybreak Scotland (2007–present)
An Là (2008–present)
Trusadh (2008–present)
STV Rugby (2009–2010; 2011–present)
STV News at Six (2009–present)
The Nightshift (2010–present)
Scotland Tonight (2011–present)
Shetland (2013–present)
Scot Squad (2014–present)
Two Doors Down (2016–present)
Ending this year
Still Game (2002–2007; 2016–2019)
See also
2019 in Scotland
References
Television in Scotland by year
2010s in Scottish television
The 1972-73 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 64 teams divided in 8 pools.
The first four of each pool, were qualified for the knockout stages.
The Stadoceste won the champsionship beating Dax in the final.
It was the first title after World War II for Stadoceste.
Qualification round
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. The teams are listed according to the final ranking
Knockout Stages
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1973 lnr.fr
1973
France 1973
Championship
Němčice is a municipality and village in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,000 inhabitants.
Administrative parts
Villages of Člupek, Pudilka and Zhoř are administrative parts of Němčice.
Geography
Němčice is located about northwest of Svitavy and southeast of Pardubice. It lies in the Svitavy Uplands. The highest point is the hill Zhořský kopec at above sea level.
The village of Němčice is a linear village situated along the Zlatý pásek Stream. There are eight watermills in the municipality built along the stream.
History
The first written mention of Němčice is from 1295. The village was probably founded between 1240 and 1260 during the colonization of Litomyšl surroundings. The village of Zhoř was founded after 1227, Člupek in 1695 and Pudilka in 1697.
The municipality of Němčice was created by merger of Němčice, Člupek and Pudilka in 1850. Zhoř was joined in 1976.
From 1 January 2007, Němčice is no longer a part of Ústí nad Orlicí District and belongs to Svitavy District.
Transport
Two second class roads cross the municipality:
road 358: the road part from Litomyšl to Česká Třebová, crossing Němčice, Člupek and Zhoř
road 360: the road part from Litomyšl to Ústí nad Orlicí, crossing Němčice
References
External links
Villages in Svitavy District
EIJ may refer to:
Air Efata, an Indonesian airline
Egyptian Islamic Jihad
Eritrean Islamic Jihad
Özel is a Turkish name and may refer to:
Given name
Özel Türkbaş (1938–2012), Turkish actress, model, singer and belly dancer
Surname
Alena Özel-Hurkova (born 1984), Belarusian female volleyball player
Feryal Özel (born 1975), Turkish-American astrophysicist
İsmet Özel (born 1944), Turkish poet
Necdet Özel (born 1950), Turkish general
Özge Özel (born 1991), Turkish women's footballer
Özgür Özel (born 1974), Turkish politician
Yeliz Özel (born 1980), Turkish female handball player
See also
Özel Çag Lisesi schools, international schools located in Turkey
TEV İnanç Türkeş Özel Lisesi
Özel Jandarma Komando Bölüğü, the special forces unit of the Turkish Jandarma
Ozel
Jeremy Solozano (born 5 October 1995) is a West Indian cricketer. He was part of the West Indies' squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In May 2018, he was selected to play for the Trinidad and Tobago national cricket team in the Professional Cricket League draft, ahead of the 2018–19 season. In November 2019, he was named in Trinidad and Tobago's squad for the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament.
In November 2021, Solozano was named in the West Indies' Test squad for their series against Sri Lanka. He made his Test debut on 21 November 2021, for the West Indies against Sri Lanka. However, Solozano was stretchered off the field in the first session of the match, after being hit on the head while fielding.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
West Indies Test cricketers
Trinidad and Tobago cricketers
Trinidad and Tobago representative cricketers
People from Arima
Punta Arenas is a barrio in the island-municipality of Vieques, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 0.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Punta Arenas, Puerto Ferro and Puerto Diablo barrios was 879.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Vieques, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vieques, Puerto Rico
Definitive may refer to:
Definitive (TV series), an American music television series
Definitive stamp, a postage stamp that is part of a regular issue of a country's stamps available for sale by the postal service
See also
Definiteness (disambiguation)
Definition (disambiguation)
NGC 3666 is an unbarred spiral galaxy in the constellation Leo. It was discovered by William Herschel on March 15, 1784. It is a member of the Leo II Groups, a series of galaxies and galaxy clusters strung out from the right edge of the Virgo Supercluster.
See also
List of NGC objects (3001-4000)
Gallery
References
External links
Astronomical objects discovered in 1784
Unbarred spiral galaxies
3666
Leo (constellation)
035043
Saratoga, also known as the General Daniel Morgan House, is a historic plantation house near Boyce, Virginia. It was built in 1779 by Daniel Morgan, a general in the Continental Army best known for his victory over the British at the Battle of Cowpens in 1781. He named his estate after the American victory in the 1777 Battles of Saratoga, in which he also participated. The estate was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973. Privately owned, it is located about .5 miles south of Boyce on the west side of County Route 723, and is not open to the public.
Description and history
Saratoga is an estate of more than directly south of the town of Boyce in Virginia's Shenandoah Valley. The main house is a large -story limestone structure with a gabled roof and end chimneys. The main facade is five bays wide, with a center entrance sheltered by a broad gabled portico. Above the entrance is a round-arch window; the other windows are standard sash. A wood-frame addition extends to the left side.
The house was built in 1779 by Daniel Morgan, who had retired that year from the Continental Army due to illness. Morgan was recalled to service as a brigadier general, and led troops in the decisive victory over the British at the 1781 Battle of Cowpens. The house is one of the largest and best-preserved plantation houses of the period in the Shenandoah Valley. After his death, Morgan's daughter sold the house to the Burwell family, and has been owned for the past century by descendants of the Robert Powel Page family. The house was also occupied at times by John Esten Cooke and his brother Philip Pendleton Cooke, both noted writers.
Image gallery
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clarke County, Virginia
References
External links
Saratoga, Clarke County, one photo at Virginia DHR
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Historic Landmarks in Virginia
Houses in Clarke County, Virginia
Houses completed in 1779
Georgian architecture in Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Clarke County, Virginia
Cooke family of Virginia
Pendleton family residences
Lingotek is a cloud-based translation services provider, offering translation management software and professional linguistic services for web content, software platforms, product documentation and electronic documents.
Company History
Lingotek was founded in 2006 and received $1.7 million Series A-1 in venture capital funding from Canopy Ventures and Flywheel Ventures to develop language search engine technologies.
In 2007, the software development company secured $1.6 million in Series A-2 financing. The A-2 round was led by Canopy Ventures of Lindon, Utah, contributing $1 million. Previous investors including Flywheel Ventures also participated in the A-2 round. The funding was to expand its sales and marketing efforts and further increase Lingotek's presence in the language translation market.
On July 16, 2008, Lingotek received an investment from In-Q-Tel, a not-for-profit investment firm that delivers technology to support the Central Intelligence Agency and the broader U.S. Intelligence Community. Launched by the CIA in 1999 as a private, independent organization, the In-Q-Tel function is to identify and partner with companies developing technologies that serve the national security interests of the United States. In exchange, Lingotek was to provide a platform to facilitate more efficient, faster language translation. The agreement funded the development and enhancement of new global collaboration translation technology. The In-Q-Tel investment was also part of a Series B funding round, with participation by Flywheel Ventures, and Canopy Ventures. The funds were used to expand business operations, distribution, and further develop Lingotek's language technology capabilities.
Products
In 2006, Lingotek was the first U.S. company to launch a fully online, web-based, computer-assisted translation (CAT) system and pioneered the integration of translation memories (TM) with a main-frame powered machine translation (MT). While the translation products of more than a dozen European companies appeared in the U.S. market, the only standalone tools to directly support human translators developed in the U.S. were Lingotek in 2006. The developer was based in Utah and came from within the LDS Church. The LDS Church uses Lingotek as its preferred tool for its crowdsourcing translation. While Lingotek was originally marketed to government entities, translation companies, and freelance translators, the current marketing effort is focused on larger corporations with translation needs.
In August, 2006, Lingotek launched a beta version of its collaborative language translation service that enhanced a translator's efficiency by quickly finding meaning-based translated material for reuse. Branded as the Lingotek Collaborative Translation Platform, the service was based on three tiers of translation: automatic, community, and professional. Lingotek's language search engine indexed linguistic knowledge from a growing repository of multilingual content and language translations, instead of web pages. Users could then access its database of previously translated material to find more specific combinations of words for re-use. Such meaning-based searching maintained better style, tone, and terminology. Lingotek ran within most popular web browsers, including initial support for Internet Explorer and Firefox. Lingotek supported Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Rich Text Format (RTF), Open Office, HTML, XHTML, and Microsoft Excel formats, thereby allowing users to upload such documents directly into Lingotek. Lingotek also supported existing translation memory files that were Translation Memory eXchange (TMX)-compliant memories, thus allowing users to import TMX files into both private and public indices.
In June 2007, Lingotek began offering free access to its language search engine and other web 2.0-based translation-related software tools. Free access to the language search engine included both open and closed translation memory (TM). The Lingotek project management system helped project managers track translation projects in real-time. The system's alignment tool, glossary capabilities, version tracking and other tools were all included and available at no charge to all Lingotek users.
In 2008, Lingotek moved to Amazon Web Services's on-demand cloud computing platform. The Lingotek TMS has long been used internally and for government agencies. The company's first version of the product was a hosted, multi-tenant web app in 2006, which moved into the Amazon cloud in 2008. Though chiefly known in the industry as a technology-enabled LSP, Lingotek has been licensing the system separately, to customers that don't have a language services relationship. Due to its connectivity, scalability, security, and strong feature set, this is an option that enterprises should consider for their own translation environments. Lingotek's system was developed specifically with mass collaboration in mind.
The company introduced software-as-a-service (SaaS) collaborative translation technology in 2009, which combined the workflow and computer-aided translation (CAT) capabilities of human and machine translation into one application. Organizations can upload new projects, assign translators (paid or unpaid), check the status of current projects in real time, and download completed documents from any computer with web access.
In 2010, Lingotek re-positioned its Collaborative Translation Platform (CTP) as a software-as-a-service (SaaS) product which combined machine translation, real-time community translation, and management tools.
Lingotek's cloud-based CAT system was available on the market in 2012. The translation system can process text files and offers comprehensive support for the localization of web page files in HTML. In addition, the Lingotek CAT tools can handle several file types, including:
Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, and Microsoft Excel;
Adobe FrameMaker files;
Files with the standardized format for localization: XML Localisation Interchange File Format (.xliff), .ttx (XML font file format) files, and .po (portable object)
Java properties files;
OpenDocument files;
Windows resource files;
macOS and OS X; and
TMX (Translation Memory eXchange).
Lingotek's stand‐alone translation management system (TMS) can be used to manage translation workflow for many different types of assets, from documents to websites. Since different types of content require different workflows, and often different service providers, Lingotek's enterprise TMS enables operators to manage not just the translation process, but also the vendor supply chain.
In 2010, Lingotek integrated the Collaborative Translation Platform with other applications. The Lingotek - Inside API (application programming interface) allows users to translate content in web applications such as SharePoint, Drupal, Salesforce.com, Jive Social CRM, and Oracle universal content management (UCM).
Lingotek translation connectors work in conjunction with other content creation tools such as Drupal and WordPress, that integrate with its TMS. In 2016, the company was named a Top 30 Drupal Contributor.
Lingotek's TMS added multi-vendor translation, which enables brands to choose any translation agency for in-workflow translation in 2014.
Awards and recognition
Lingotek was named Comparably Best Places to Work 2017 and received an award for Utah Best in State Language Services 2017. In 2016, Lingotek was identified as a Top 30 Drupal Contributor. The company was a Bronze Winner of the 2015 Edison Award Verbal Communications; named a CIO Microsoft 100 Solution Provider by CIO Review; a Gartner Cool Vendor of the Year (2012), and received the Stevie Award for Best New Product or Service of the Year – Software as a Service (2010). In 2006, Lingotek was named Most Innovative Product by Utah Valley Entrepreneurial Forum.
References
Translation companies
Ambush in Leopard Street is a low budget 1962 British black and white crime film directed by J. Henry Piperno. It stars James Kenney, Michael Brennan, and Bruce Seton.
Premise
A small time crook, Harry, plans one last job before he retires, but things do not go quite according to plan. With his sidekick Nimmo, the plan is to ambush a truck containing £500,000 of diamonds in Leopard Street, but heavy security means recruiting a larger criminal gang than usual, and the inexperienced newcomers may derail Harry's scheme.
The car used by the gang at the beginning of the film is a 1959 Opel Olympia Caravan 2 door station wagon.
Cast
James Kenney as Johnny
Michael Brennan as Harry
Bruce Seton as Nimmo
Norman Rodway as Kegs
Jean Harvey as Jean
Pauline Delaney as Cath
Marie Conmee as Myra
Charles Mitchell as Big George
Lawrence Crain as Danny
Muriel O'Hanlon as Lily
Sheila Donald as Val
Jack O'Reilly as Hibbs
References
External links
1962 films
1962 crime drama films
1960s heist films
British crime drama films
British heist films
1960s English-language films
1960s British films
Sylvain Houles (born 3 August 1981) is the head coach of Toulouse Olympique in the Betfred Championship and a French former professional rugby league footballer.
As a player, Houles was a French international who toured New Zealand and Papua New Guinea in 2001 and appeared in the Super League for the Huddersfield Giants, the London Broncos and the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats. He also played in the Championship for the Dewsbury Rams and Toulouse Olympique. His position of choice was initially on the or in the , but in his later career he played as a .
Houles combined playing with an assistant coach role in his later career, was appointed head coach of Toulouse Olympique once his playing career ended in 2012.
On 10 October 2021, Houles coached Toulouse to victory over Featherstone in the Million Pound Game which saw the club promoted to the Super League for the first time in their history.
References
External links
Toulouse Olympique profile
Wayne's world in Rams romp
GREAT BRITAIN LIONS 42 FRANCE 14
England battle to French wins
1981 births
Living people
Dewsbury Rams players
France national rugby league team players
French rugby league coaches
French rugby league players
Huddersfield Giants players
London Broncos players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league locks
Rugby league wingers
Toulouse Olympique coaches
Toulouse Olympique players
Wakefield Trinity players
XIII Catalan players
was a railway station located in Bifuka (美深), Bifuka, Nakagawa District (Teshio), Hokkaidō, and is operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company. The station closed on 13 March 2021.
Lines serviced
Hokkaido Railway Company
Sōya Main Line
Adjacent stations
External links
Ekikara Time Table - JR Minami-Bifuka Station
Railway stations in Hokkaido Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1959
Railway stations closed in 2021
Aeteidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera:
Aetea Lamouroux, 1812
Callaetea Winston, 2008
References
Bryozoan families
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1979.
1979
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1979 at HKcinemamagic.com
1979
Hong Kong
Films
Merkheperre was an Egyptian pharaoh of the late 13th Dynasty of Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period reigning some time between 1663 BC and 1649 BC. As such, Merkheperre would have reigned either over Upper Egypt from Thebes or over Middle and Upper Egypt from Memphis. At the time, the Eastern Nile Delta was under the domination of the 14th Dynasty.
Attestations
Merkheperre appears on the Turin canon, a king list compiled in the early Ramesside period. According to the egyptologist Kim Ryholt, the canon gives his prenomen on the 8th column, line 17 (Gardiner entry 7.22 ). The Turin papyrus is damaged on the section covering the late 13th Dynasty and Merkheperre's reign length is lost in a lacuna.
Merkheperre is also attested by two artefacts dating to his reign: a glazed weight of grey schist bearing his cartouche, now in the Petrie Museum UC 16372 and a scarab inscribed with his name. Although the scarab is accepted as evidence of Merkheperre by Darrell Baker, Jürgen von Beckerath, Stephen Quirke and others, Kim Ryholt rejects this attribution. Ryholt points to its lack of royal attributes and insignia as well as its stylistic features which depart from other royal seals of the 13th Dynasty. Rather, Ryholt proposes that the scarab simply represents Khepri pushing the sun.
Chronological position
The exact chronological position of Merkheperre is not known for certain as the damaged state of the Turin canon only allows for conjectural reconstructions of the late 13th dynasty. According to Ryholt he was the forty-seventh ruler of the dynasty, while Baker sees him as the forty-sixth and von Beckerath as the fifty-seventh. All agree that he was succeeded by Merkare, however von Beckerath proposed that his predecessor was Mershepsesre Ini II, when a new reconstruction of the Turin canon led Ryholt and Baker to propose that his predecessor was Mer[...]re.
References
17th-century BC Pharaohs
Pharaohs of the Thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt
Stâlpeni is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Dealu Frumos, Livezeni, Ogrezea, Oprești, Pițigaia, Rădești and Stâlpeni.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The UNTC-CS (, "National Union of Workers of Cape Verde - Central Union") is a national trade union centre in Cape Verde with 21 affiliated unions.
References
Trade unions in Cape Verde
International Trade Union Confederation
Trade unions established in 1978
1978 establishments in Cape Verde
Organizations based in Praia
John Smith Clarke (4 February 1885 – 30 January 1959) was a British lion tamer, politician, poet, newspaper editor and art expert.
Biography
Early years
John Smith Clarke was born in Jarrow, the 13th of 14 children, whose father was a ticket and poster writer, living in Heaton Park Road South. Clarke had a great interest in a local circus, and by the age of seventeen would visit the lion tamer and enter the lion's cage, a practice he continued for the rest of his life. While mostly a writer, he also became a sailor, and was able to travel the world, being involved in gun running to 1905 revolutionaries in Russia, and once attempting to hitchhike home to Jarrow from Durban.
Political career
Clarke also became a socialist, and joined the Socialist Labour Party. He edited the party newspaper, The Socialist, from 1913 to 1914, and again for a period during the First World War, while also contributing to journals such as Forward and Plebs.
Clarke opposed the First World War, and wrote articles and poems decrying it. With the imposition in 1916 of conscription, to which he was legally liable, he became a de facto conscientious objector, going on the run, variously in Edinburgh, Derbyshire and Glasgow, rather than attempting a formal application to a Military Service Tribunal for exemption; as a socialist prepared to fight in defence of his class but not the state, he would almost certainly have been refused.
The Scottish Workers' Committee, successor of the Clyde Workers' Committee, sent him as a delegate to the Second Congress of the Communist International. He attended the Congress, along with others such as Sylvia Pankhurst and Marjory Newbold, Willie Gallacher and others but was not made a voting delegate. While there, he cured Lenin's dog of an illness, and received a photograph of Lenin signed "To Comrade Clarke, Vladimir Oulianoff 6.8.1920". On his return to the UK, Clarke recounted his experiences in Pen Pictures of Russia under the `Red Terror`.
In the 1920s, Clarke joined the Independent Labour Party (ILP) and was elected to the Glasgow Corporation. He was also made a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. He was elected as the Labour Party MP for Glasgow Maryhill at the 1929 general election, and spent much of his time in Parliament writing humorous epitaphs for political opponents, including Ramsay MacDonald. He lost his seat at the 1931 general election and left the ILP in 1932 when it disaffiliated from the Labour Party. In the same year, he was in the news for missing jury service after being stranded on Ailsa Craig.
Later life
During the 1930s Clarke became more involved with the arts, with a particular interest in Renaissance art. He was a member of the Royal Fine Art Commission for Scotland, a trustee of the Scottish National Portrait Gallery and a board member of the Glasgow School of Art. He also served as a magistrate, and in 1941 was re-elected to the Glasgow Corporation, serving until 1951. In his spare time, Clarke served as President of the Burns Federation, was consulted by museums for his knowledge of medieval weaponry, and compiled a Scottish encyclopaedia.
Death and legacy
John S. Clarke died on 30 January 1959, aged 73.
See also
Alice Wheeldon
Opposition to World War I
Footnotes
Works
Satires, Lyrics and Poems (Chiefly Humorous). Glasgow: Socialist Labour Press, 1919.
Pen Pictures of Russia under the "Red Terror": Reminiscences of a Surreptitious Journey to Russia to Attend the Second Congress of the Third International. Glasgow: National Workers' Committees, 1921.
Further reading
Raymond Challinor, John S. Clarke: Parliamentarian, Poet, Lion-Tamer. London, Pluto Press, 1977.
Raymond Challinor, The Origins of British Bolshevism. London: Croom Helm, 1977.
Adam Hochschild, To End All Wars: A Story of Loyalty and Rebellion. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2011.
1885 births
1959 deaths
British anti-war activists
British conscientious objectors
British newspaper editors
Councillors in Glasgow
Independent Labour Party MPs
Scottish Labour MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Glasgow constituencies
People from Jarrow
Socialist Labour Party (UK, 1903) members
UK MPs 1929–1931
British circus performers
British encyclopedists
British male poets
20th-century British poets
Maryhill
Lorenzen Vern-Gagne Wright (November 4, 1975 – July 19, 2010) was an American professional basketball player for 13 seasons in the National Basketball Association. He was drafted seventh overall in the 1996 NBA draft by the Los Angeles Clippers, and also played for the Atlanta Hawks, Memphis Grizzlies, Sacramento Kings, and Cleveland Cavaliers.
Wright went missing on July 18, 2010, and was found shot to death 10 days later. In December 2017, his ex-wife Sherra Wright-Robinson was charged with facilitating his murder; a year and a half later, she pled guilty. Her friend, Billy Ray Turner, was convicted of first-degree murder, conspiracy to commit first-degree murder, and attempted first-degree murder in March 2022, and received a life sentence in prison. Widespread coverage of his disappearance, as well as his status as a popular Memphis figure, led to the prosecution of his murder being among the most publicized in Memphis history.
Early life and college
Raised in Oxford, Mississippi, Wright played for Lafayette High School in Mississippi before moving to Memphis, where he spent his senior year playing for Booker T. Washington High School. He played all levels of basketball in Memphis – high school, collegiate, and professional. His father, Herb, was a professional basketball player who competed in Finland, and once had a tryout with the Utah Jazz. When Wright was seven years old, Herb was working for the Memphis Police Department when he was paralyzed by a gunshot to the back.
Wright was recognized as a Third Team All-American by the Associated Press as a sophomore at the University of Memphis. Wright was a member of Kappa Alpha Psi.
Professional career
Wright was selected seventh overall by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 1996 NBA Draft out of the University of Memphis. On April 26, 1997, as a rookie, Wright scored what would be a postseason career-high 17 points in a Game 2 loss against the Utah Jazz. The Clippers would go on to lose the series. The following season, on December 26, 1997, Wright scored a season-high 32 points and grabbed 15 rebounds in an overtime loss to the Los Angeles Lakers. Wright moved on to the Atlanta Hawks in 1999, and averaged a career high 12.4 points per game with them during the 2000-01 NBA season. He was traded to the Memphis Grizzlies on June 27, 2001. On January 6, 2003, Wright scored 20 points and grabbed 14 rebounds in a 106-102 win over the New Orleans Hornets. Wright returned to the Hawks in 2006.
On February 16, 2008, he was involved in a multiplayer trade, going from Atlanta to Sacramento for Mike Bibby.
He held career averages of 8.0 points and 6.4 rebounds per game, playing in 778 (793 including playoffs) NBA games over 13 seasons.
Personal life
Wright founded the Sierra Simone Wright Scholarship Fund after the death of his infant daughter in March 2003.
During the summer of 2003, he returned to the University of Memphis to finish his degree.
During his first stint in Atlanta, Wright and three other Memphis-native NBA players (Todd Day, Penny Hardaway, and Elliot Perry) provided financial assistance to Travis Butler, a Memphis orphan whose tragic story garnered national attention.
Disappearance and death
According to his ex-wife (who was later convicted of facilitating his murder), Wright left his home in Collierville, Tennessee, on the night of July 18, 2010, with drugs and an unspecified amount of money, and was not seen or heard from again. His family filed a missing-persons report on July 22. After Wright's body was found on July 28 in a wooded area on Callis-Cutoff Road just west of Hacks Cross Road, a 9-1-1 call reportedly had been received from his cell phone in the early morning of July 19 by the Germantown, Tennessee, 911 dispatch center. The caller was speaking with the dispatcher when 11 gunshots rang out. The dispatcher did not report the call to her supervisor until eight days later, hindering the police investigation and resulting in a payout to Wright's family. The case was investigated as a homicide. Wright's body is buried in Calvary Cemetery in Memphis, Tennessee. In 2011, a reward for information related to the killing stood at $21,000; the state of Tennessee contributed $10,000, the city of Memphis and the Memphis Grizzlies each promised $5,000, and Crime Stoppers promised $1,000.
On November 9, 2017, the gun believed to have been used to murder Wright was found in a Walnut, Mississippi, lake. On December 5, 2017, Billy R. Turner, Shelby County landscaper and church deacon at Mt. Olive No. 1 Missionary Baptist Church in Collierville, was indicted on first-degree murder charges and held on $1 million bond.
On December 15, 2017, Wright's ex-wife, Sherra Wright-Robinson, was arrested in California in connection with the murder. Wright-Robinson was a former member of Turner's church. The seven-year investigation into his death was one of the Memphis Police Department's most high-profile unsolved cases. Wright's mother, Deborah Marion, told The Commercial Appeal newspaper that a police official told her Wright-Robinson would be charged with first-degree murder, the same charge Turner faced. Marion said she believes her former daughter-in-law was motivated by money, specifically a $1 million life insurance policy held by Lorenzen Wright.
In a 2015 article in The Commercial Appeal, Wright-Robinson explained how she inquired early in the investigation whether she was a suspect. "They were like, no, you know," she said. "It was just kind of a person of interest. They said that the list was long and wide and they didn't have any real suspects, if you want to quote that."
Records showed that on August 1, 2010, Memphis police searched her home and found burned pieces of metal and a letter addressed to Lorenzen Wright and her, but law enforcement at that time did not say what the items meant to investigators.
In 2014, Wright-Robinson agreed to a confidential settlement of a dispute in circuit court over how she spent the $1 million of insurance money meant to benefit their six children.
On July 25, 2019, Wright-Robinson pled guilty to facilitation of first-degree murder in the shooting death of Lorenzen Wright and was sentenced to 30 years in prison.
See also
List of solved missing person cases
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 77 || 51 || 25.1 || .481 || .250 || .587 || 6.1 || .6 || .6 || .8 || 7.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 69 || 38 || 30.0 || .445 || .000 || .659 || 8.8 || .8 || .8 || 1.3 || 9.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 48 || 15 || 23.6 || .458 || .000 || .692 || 7.5 || .7 || .5 || .8 || 6.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 75 || 0 || 16.1 || .499 || .333 || .644 || 4.1 || .3 || .4 || .5 || 6.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 71 || 46 || 28.0 || .448 || .000 || .718 || 7.5 || 1.2 || .6 || .9 || 12.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 43 || 33 || 29.1 || .459 || .000 || .569 || 9.4 || 1.0 || .7 || .5 || 12.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 70 || 49 || 28.3 || .454 || .000 || .659 || 7.5 || 1.1 || .7 || .8 || 11.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 65 || 46 || 25.8 || .439 || .000 || .733 || 6.8 || 1.1 || .7 || .9 || 9.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 80 || 77 || 28.6 || .469 || .000 || .662 || 7.7 || 1.1 || .7 || .9 || 9.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 78 || 58 || 21.7 || .478 || .000 || .564 || 5.1 || .6 || .7 || .6 || 5.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 67 || 31 || 15.4 || .448 || .000 || .281 || 3.2 || .6 || .4 || .4 || 2.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 13 || 1 || 11.4 || .294 || .000 || .500 || 2.8 || .2 || .2 || .2 || 1.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Sacramento
| 5 || 0 || 2.6 || .250 || .000 || .000 || .2 || .2 || .0 || .0 || .4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Cleveland
| 17 || 2 || 7.4 || .370 || .000 || .375 || 1.5 || .2 || .2 || .3 || 1.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 778 || 447 || 23.8 || .459 || .069 || .645 || 6.4 || .8 || .6 || .7 || 8.0
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1997
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 3 || 3 || 30.7 || .406 || .000 || 1.000 || 7.3 || .7 || 1.0 || .7 || 10.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2004
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 4 || 4 || 25.0 || .435 || .000 || .333 || 4.3 || .5 || 1.0 || .5 || 5.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2005
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 4 || 4 || 21.3 || .571 || .000 || .500 || 5.0 || 2.3 || .3 || .3 || 8.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2006
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 4 || 0 || 21.5 || .611 || .000 || .700 || 5.0 || .8 || .0 || 1.0 || 7.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 15 || 11 || 24.2 || .495 || .000 || .652 || 5.3 || 1.1 || .5 || .6 || 7.7
References
External links
NBA.com profile
Unsolved Murder of Lorenzen Wright
1975 births
2010 deaths
2010 murders in the United States
2010s missing person cases
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks players
Basketball players from Memphis, Tennessee
Centers (basketball)
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Deaths by firearm in Tennessee
Formerly missing people
Los Angeles Clippers draft picks
Los Angeles Clippers players
Male murder victims
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Medalists at the 1995 Summer Universiade
Memphis Grizzlies players
Memphis Tigers men's basketball players
Missing person cases in Tennessee
Murdered African-American people
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
People murdered in Tennessee
Power forwards (basketball)
Sacramento Kings players
Sportspeople from Oxford, Mississippi
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in basketball
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Bing sutt () is a type of traditional cold drinking house started in Guangzhou (Canton) that spread to Hong Kong. These bing sutts arose in the 1950s and 1960s. They are characterized by old furniture and settings such as the small tiled floors, hanging fans, folding chairs and so on. A bing sutt provides light meals and drinks and is neighbourhood-oriented. It is believed to be the predecessor of the cha chaan teng.
Change
There were several bing sutts in Canton from 1970 to 1990s. However, most of them have closed now.
Since World War II, the dietary culture of Hong Kong became westernized. That was also the time when bing sutts started to become popular and created localized western menus to keep Hong Kong-style restaurants alive. Bing sutts hit the height of their popularity in the 1950s to 1960s.
Traditional bing sutts only provide drinks and localized western snacks. Although serving western menus, they keep the price low and thus become popular among people from various social statuses. Yet along with the development of cha chaan tengs, chained fast food shops and coffee shops, which sell a larger variety of food, bing sutts became less competitive. In the 1980s, many had no choice but to refine the traditional menus by adding rice and noodles so as to increase their competitiveness.
In the 1980s, the cold drink market in Guangzhou ushered in a large number of new frozen foods. These new inventions helped bing sutt regain its popularity. In the 1990s, most bing sutt mainly served to tong sui, milk, coconut milk, tortoise jelly, and other sorts of desserts. Others served dishes such as cake, fried dumplings, soup, glutinous rice, fast food lunch boxes, snacks, bread, congee, etc. In the summer, a small number of bing sutt would also serve ice cream, and cold drinks. In Guangzhou, bing sutt became a large part of people's lives. Gradually there emerged the “Four Great Bing Sutt”; it included the Shun Kee Bing, Mei Lei Kyun Bing Sutt, Sunshine Bing Sutt, and Emperor Bing Sutt (there also the Rainbow Bing Sutt and the Heung Kwan Bing Sutt). As of today only the Shun Kee Bing Sutt still exists. The Mei Lei Kyun Bing Sutt has been brought under the Tai Ping Koon Restaurant.
With only a few dozen traditional bing sutts are still operating, with some others opened by the younger generation fascinated by the nostalgic atmosphere of the Hong Kong style restaurant. Realizing consumers' desire to take a glimpse of memories, quite a number of fast food chains set up and adorn their unique experimental concept stores like bing sutts to attract customers. These newly established bing sutts are usually decorated with characterized furniture and settings such as the small tile floors, hanging fans, folding chairs and so on, all that remind people of the old days. Some of them have become iconic tourist attractions as well.
Hong Kong's Bing sutt appeared in the 1960s by imitating a high-end western restaurant offering cheap Western-style light meals to cater to the needs of the working class. There are called coffee shops, tea ice rooms, ice halls, cafes, ice shop cake shops, tea ice halls. After the 1960s, the civilian population began to be sold. The Hong Kong Ice Room was originally a snack and was not a staple food. The Hong Kong restaurant licenses were divided into two types: "Ordinary Restaurant" and "Small Food Restaurant": "Ordinary Restaurant" can sell any food. "Small food restaurants" can only sell foods of the specified combination [8] Most of the ice rooms that do not sell staple foods have been degraded from the 1980s to the 1990s. The remaining ice rooms refer to the operation of tea restaurants and sell more types of food. As of 2007, there were only about 100 operations in the name of the ice room, most of which opened in the 1960s to the early 1970s.
Foods and drinks
Drinks
Red bean ice (a drink mixed with red beans, light rock sugar syrup and evaporated milk)
Yuanyang (a mixture of coffee and tea)
Coffee (either instant or powder form)
Fruit punch
Hong Kong-style milk tea (black tea mixed with evaporated milk or condensed milk)
Pastry
Hong Kong style swiss roll (standard cake layer with whipped cream)
Paper wrapped cake (chiffon cake baked in a paper cup)
Fruit tart
Croissant
Pineapple bun with butter
Egg tart
Toast and sandwiches
Toast with butter
Sandwiches
French toast (called “Western Toast” in Chinese, transliteration of French toast)
Shrimp French toast
Other dishes
Macaroni in broth with fried egg and sausage
Swiss sauce chicken wings
Instant noodles
Rice served in dishes (served with sauce)
Difficulties
Bing sutts have been facing difficulties in remaining in this modern city. The reason why the bing sutt is diminishing is changes in society, be it the change in tastes of consumers or the rise of the cha chaan teng. Most of the bing sutts encounter keen competition among cha chaan tengs with heavy rent. The popularity of cha chaan tengs has taken many customers away from bing sutts, leading to many traditional ones being eliminated from the market and leaving behind no more than twenty bing sutts in Hong Kong.
See also
Cantonese restaurant
Dai pai dong
Cha chaan teng buffet
Hong Kong cuisine
China Cafe, a former bing sutt in Mong Kok
References
External links
Brief introduction to Starbucks Bing Sutt corner from Starbucks
Detail menu of Lim Kee Bing Sutt from OpenRice
Hong Kong cuisine
Cantonese cuisine
Restaurants in Hong Kong
Neil Adam Gershenfeld (born December 1, 1959) is an American professor at MIT and the director of MIT's Center for Bits and Atoms, a sister lab to the MIT Media Lab. His research studies are predominantly focused in interdisciplinary studies involving physics and computer science, in such fields as quantum computing, nanotechnology, and personal fabrication. Gershenfeld attended Swarthmore College, where he graduated in 1981 with a B.A. degree in physics with high honors, and Cornell University, where he earned his Ph.D.in physics in 1990. He is a Fellow of the American Physical Society. Scientific American has named Gershenfeld one of their "Scientific American 50" for 2004 and has also named him Communications Research Leader of the Year. Gershenfeld is also known for releasing the Great Invention Kit in 2008, a construction set that users can manipulate to create various objects.
Gershenfeld has been featured in a variety of newspapers and magazines such as The New York Times and The Economist, and on NPR.
He was named as one of the 40 modern-day Leonardos by the Museum of Science and Industry Chicago. Prospect named him as one of the top 100 public intellectuals.
Teaching career
In 1998, Gershenfeld started a class at MIT called "How to make (almost) anything". Gershenfeld wanted to introduce expensive, industrial-size machines to the technical students. However, this class attracted a lot of students from various backgrounds: artists, architects, designers, students without any technical background. In his interview to CNN, Gershenfeld said that "the students... were answering a question I didn't ask, which is: What is this stuff good for? And the answer is: Not to make what you can buy in stores, but to make what you can't buy in stores. It's to personalise fabrication". Gershenfeld believes that this is the beginning of a new revolution: digital revolution in fabrication that will allow people to fabricate things, machines on demand.
Gershenfeld has presented his course on "How to make (almost) anything" at the Association of Professional Model Makers (APMM) 2010 Conference.
This class later has led Gershenfeld to create Fab lab in collaboration with Bakhtiar Mikhak at MIT. Gershenfeld feels very passionate about this project, as he believes that teaching kids how to use technology and create it themselves will empower the future generations to become more independent and create technology that each individual community needs, not a technology that is currently available on the market. Fab labs have spread around the world, having been established in the remotest of places and countries. In his interview with Discover magazine on the question what personal fabrication might be useful for, Gershenfeld said, "There is a surprising need for emergent technologies in many of the least developed places on the planet. While our needs might be fairly well met, there are billions of people on the planet whose needs are not. Their problems don't need incremental tweaks in current technology, but a revolution".
As well as "How to make (almost) anything" class, Gershenfeld has started teaching the following classes: "How To Make Something That Makes (almost) Anything", "The Physics of Information Technology", "The Nature of Mathematical Modeling".
Gershenfeld has been a keynote speaker at the Congress of Science and Technology Leaders (2015, 2016).
Research
Neil Gershenfeld and his students have done an extensive amount of research. His research was published in Science as well as in The American Physical Society journal. Amongst many is the research on Experimental Implementation of Fast Quantum Searching, Microfluidic Bubble Logic research, Physical one-way functions.
Bibliography
;
; (hbk)
ebook
References
External links
Center for Bits and Atoms at MIT
Science magazine website
American Physical Society website
Fab Foundation website
Living people
21st-century American physicists
Harvard Fellows
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
Cornell University alumni
Swarthmore College alumni
MIT Media Lab people
Quantum information scientists
1959 births
Catstep or cat step may refer to:
Terracette, a type of landform, colloquially known as catstep
Cat step (Indonesian and ), a stance in silat
"Catstep/My Kitten/Catnap Vatstep DSP", a track on the Kid606 album Down with the Scene
See also
Cat#Ambulation, for how cats take steps when walking
Dimitrovo () is part of the Moskovsky District of Kaliningrad, Russia. Until 1947, it was known by its German language name Ponarth as first a suburb of and then a quarter of Königsberg, Germany, located southwest of the city center.
History
Ponarth was known in the Middle Ages as Penarth and was located in a forest known as the Penarthsches Wald. The name was of Old Prussian origin (pa nartas or po nariatas) and referred to the wetlands of the Pregel River basin, similar to Nasser Garten to the north. First mentioned under the jurisdiction of the Schulze Conrad in 1328, it was documented as a German village with Kulm law in 1385 as part of the state of the Teutonic Order. In 1467 it was granted to Mathes Scheunemann, a licentiate employed by the Teutonic Knights. In 1482 Ponarth passed to Kunz Pfersfelder, a mercenary captain from Karschau.
Ponarth had to be rebuilt after being burned down by Polish troops during the 1520 Horsemen's War. In 1599 it passed to Albrecht von Kittlitz, who exchanged it with Duke George Frederick. In 1609 Duke John Sigismund granted Ponarth to the Königsberg town of Löbenicht. In 1679 Ponarth's houses were dismantled during the approach of Swedish troops (see Great Sleigh Drive).
For the price of a Düttchen, a type of Silbergroschen, Königsberg citizens could take a Düttchenpost carriage from the city gates to surrounding suburbs. Ponarth and the Karschau heathland became popular sites for excursions ca. 1790, with citizens drinking coffee amongst its linden trees. The French corps of Marshal Davout stayed in the village in 1812.
The farming village Ponarth grew rapidly into a working class suburb through late 19th century industrialization; a Hauptwerkstatt of the Prussian Eastern Railway was built in eastern Ponarth. Johann Philipp Schifferdecker moved his small Bavarian-style brewery from Löbenicht's Tuchmacherstraße to Ponarth in 1849; it became an Aktiengesellschaft in 1869. The Aktien-Gesellschaft Brauerei Ponarth grew into one of the largest breweries in northern Germany. Nearby Schönbusch, which also had its own brewery, was added to Ponarth on 14 October 1893. Ponarth also contained an artillery depot affiliated with the shooting range in nearby Karschau. By 1902 Ponarth was connected by roads to Nasser Garten and central Königsberg to the north, Speichersdorf to the east, Karschau to the south, and Schönbusch. Other nearby quarters were Prappeln to the southwest, Spandienen to the west, and Aweiden to the southeast.
Previously part of the rural district of Königsberg (Landkreis Königsberg i. Pr.), Ponarth was merged into the urban district of Königsberg (Stadtkreis Königsberg i. Pr) in 1905. Ponarth's wooded park contained a bar known as Müllers Garten, known after 1900 as Südpark. The landscape was improved through development of the ponds Hubertusteich and Schwanenteich, and the park Friedrichsruh. Two large housing developments were built in 1912.
Churches in the quarter included the Ponarth Church for Lutherans, St. Joseph's Church for Catholics, and the Baptistenkirche for Baptists. The athletics club MTV Ponarth played its home games in Ponarth.
Königsberg was transferred to Soviet control in 1945 after World War II. Königsberg was subsequently renamed to Kaliningrad and Ponarth to Dimitrovo.
Historical population
1867: 233
1871: 441
1885: 1,884
1895: 4,425
1900: 8,074
Notes
References
Karl, Gustav (1920). Alt-Königsberg im Wandel der Zeiten. Königsberg Pr.: Hartungsche Buchdruckerei. pp. 93. Reprinted by Ackerstaff und Kuballe. Osnabrück, 1979.
Reicke, Rudolf (ed). Altpreussische Monatsschrift (Januar – März 1905). Zweiundvierzigster Band. Der Provinzialblätter CVIII. Band. Erstes und Zweites Heft. Verlag von Thomas und Oppermann. Königsberg in Pr.
External links
Brauerei Ponarth
Kaliningrad
Populated places established in the 1380s
Annie Pootoogook (May 11, 1969 – September 19, 2016) was a Canadian Inuk artist known for her pen and coloured pencil drawings. In her art, Pootoogook often portrayed the experiences of those in her community of Kinngait (then known in English as Cape Dorset), in northern Canada, and memories and events from her own life.
Early life and education
Annie Pootoogook was born on May 11, 1969, in Cape Dorset (now Kinngait), Canada. Pootoogook grew up in a family of artists all of whom worked out of the West Baffin Eskimo Co-operative, one of the first artist Co-ops established in the north in 1960. Her family worked in multiple mediums and styles and Pootoogook became interested in art at an early age. Her mother, Napachie Pootoogook, was a draftswoman and her father, Eegyvudluk Pootoogook, was a printmaker and stone sculptor. Pootoogook was the granddaughter of Pitseolak Ashoona a renowned graphic artist, the niece of printmaker Kananginak Pootoogook and the cousin of draftswoman Shuvinai Ashoona.
Artistic career
Pootoogook began making art in 1997 at the age of 28. She developed her skills working alongside family members and Elders at the West Baffin Eskimo Co-operative in Cape Dorset, Nunavut. In her early career she was often told by the Co-op studio managers that her works about contemporary Inuit life, commenting on consumerism and southern influences in the north, would not sell because they went against the prevailing themes that the Co-op deemed to be of interest to the southern art market - namely, images from Inuit mythology or scenes from nature.
The 2000s were Pootoogook's most productive years. She had two exhibitions at Feheley Fine Arts in Toronto. The director of the gallery, Patricia Feheley, was the first dealer to showcase Pootoogook's work, initially in a group exhibition titled The Unexpected in 2001, and later, in a solo show titled Annie Pootoogook—Moving Forward: Works on Paper in 2003. This was her first solo exhibition and was important for her career because it made her name more widely known. It was between 2001 and 2007 that Pootoogook was the most prolific in her art making. During this time, she drew intimate home interior scenes depicting alcoholism, violence, and domestic abuse, the everyday experiences of a woman living in the Canadian north, the hardships faced by northern communities, and the impact of technology on traditional Inuit life. Pootoogook solidified her style and content during this period beginning to draw images that could be easily attributed to her.
After an extremely successful, eponymously named, solo show at The Power Plant Contemporary Art Gallery, in 2006, Pootoogook started to gain national attention outside of the art world and Inuit art market. She attended the important Glenfiddich Artists in Residence program, in Dufftown, Scotland. It was her first time out of the country and working outside of the regular hours of the Kinngait Studio. She found the experience isolating, but she produced a number of rich and important works while there. She worked as an independent artist during this period, leaving the West Baffin Eskimo Co-operative in 2001.
In 2006, after her residency, Pootoogook was named the first Inuk recipient of the prestigious Sobey Art Award. A new category was even created in order for her to be nominated: "Prairies & the North". In addition to the prize winnings of $50,000, Pootoogook received a show at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. With the new public recognition of her work and winnings, Pootoogook decided to stay in Montreal. She had a difficult time there without the support of the Co-op and her community. Although she returned to Kinngait for a few months, she soon moved south again, this time to the nation's capital, Ottawa, in hopes of more success. Pootoogook produced drawings documenting her life in the city, such as Annie and Andre (2009). In Ottawa, she worked with other Inuit artists and exhibited her drawings at SAW Gallery.
Over the course of her career, she created over 1,000 works on paper and it was during this time that she began to be recognized as an artist outside of the Inuit community.
Subject matter
Pootoogook was known for her drawings created in pen and coloured pencils that depict contemporary Inuit life. Inuit life and experiences influenced her career immensely, providing her with the subject matter that she would later render. Her work primarily focused on three subject types: the everyday experiences of women living in the Canadian north, the hardships faced by northern communities and the impact of technology on traditional Inuit life. In addition, her work often juxtaposes intimate home interior scenes with scenes of alcoholism, violence, and domestic abuse – lessening the safety of the home.
Her work is largely inspired by her mother Napachie Pootoogook and her grandmother Pitseolak Ashoona, both of whom are well known Inuit artists. Like her mother and grandmother, Pootoogook worked in the Inuit tradition of sulijuk which means "it is true." This means that she depicted life as she saw it without adding too much of her hand into the composition.
Pootoogook is noted for titling her work for exactly what they depict, e.g. "Man Abusing his Partner", where a man is shown abusing his wife.
Style
Pootoogook's compositions utilize minimal line drawings with figures posed in frontal or profile views. The artist utilizes one-point perspective to create the illusion of depth but manipulates this depth by flattening the perspective of the subjects. Her images often display large expanses of white space with muted colour schemes. Her work has been described as "rudimentary"' and "child-like" as it does not maintain any realism of form or space. According to art critics Bloom and Glasberg, "Her preferred medium of 'primitive' or child's crayon also refers back to the art market that has brought her recognition and success and suggests an untold story of pressured adaptation."
Pootoogook often included clocks in her work which has made them a motif that is associated with her work and allows for easy attribution. Her work captures a moment in time which is an important theme to Pootoogook. It is unknown why time plays an important role in Pootoogook's work. Nevertheless, the clock motif has been agreed upon by scholars to be artistically important to her work.
Pootoogook's compositions are not reproducible which acts against traditional printmaking practices of Inuit art in which copies are made to be sold and dispersed. Therefore, her work is not as widely represented as there is only one original copy of each work.
Dr. Phil
Annie Pootoogook's most notable work is Dr. Phil, which shows a young girl watching the American television show by the same name in her home in Kinngait, Nunavut. This composition is an archetypal drawing by Pootoogook which shows the influence of technology on northern communities. It also includes the clock motif and appears in a similar style to Pootoogook's other works. Pootoogook's use of a popular television personality made this composition well-liked in its own right. Traditionally, Inuit art often shows typical activities of northern communities such as hunting, fishing, and spiritual gatherings. Her use of non-traditional imagery appeals to contemporary art collectors who often are not interested in traditional Inuit art or practices of living.
Recognition and awards
Pootoogook had her first major solo exhibition in 2006 when her work was displayed as part of a well-received show at The Power Plant in Toronto, Ontario. The exhibition, designed by Nancy Campbell, focused on mythology, Inuit communities and difficulties of life in the Arctic.
In November 2006 she won the Sobey Art Award and was granted the prize of $50,000 (CDN). The Sobey Award is granted to an artist who is 39 years of age or younger and has shown their work in a public or commercial gallery in Canada in the past 18 months, at the time of their application. The press release announcing Pootoogook's win noted that "her work reflects both the current moment of a specific tradition and of a contemporary drawing practice."
After winning the Sobey Award she continued to receive exposure. She exhibited in major art shows such as the Biennale de Montreal, Art Basel and Documenta 12. Pootoogook was the first Inuit artist to participate in Documenta – an exhibition of contemporary art held in Kassel, Germany.
From 2009 to 2010 her work was shown in solo exhibitions at multiple galleries including the Agnes Etherington Art Centre, (Kingston, Ontario), the National Museum of the American Indian, (Washington, D.C.) and the George Gustav Heye Centre, (Manhattan, New York). In 2010 her work was also exhibited at the Biennale of Sydney.
Pootoogook participated in one her last exhibitions in 2012 at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art. Curated by Denise Markonish, the exhibition titled Oh, Canada, showcased 62 Canadian artists including the work of Pootoogook's cousin Shuvinai Ashoona. Pootoogook was the only professional artist from the Ottawa region represented in the exhibition.
On November 7, 2021 the Annie Pootoogook Park was dedicated to the artist. This park is located next to the Sandy Hill Community Centre and the University of Ottawa, in Ottawa, Ontario. The dedication ceremony, held on International Inuit Day, was attended by several members of Pootoogook's family, including her nine-year-old daughter, Inuit elders and Canada's first Inuk Governor General, Mary Simon.
Collections
Art Gallery of Ontario
McMichael Canadian Art Collection
Museum of Fine Arts Houston
National Gallery of Canada
Death
Annie Pootoogook drowned in the Rideau River in Ottawa on September 19, 2016, in what police declared as a suspicious death. Her body was a short walk from the shelter she had been staying in at the time. Two autopsies determined her cause of death to have been drowning, though it was never declared if somebody else had intentionally killed her.
After her death, the lead investigator on the case, Sergeant Chris Hrnchiar posted online comments that were condemned and labelled as racist, commenting that it was likely Pootoogook's death was due to alcoholism or drug abuse because of her ethnicity. He preemptively declared "it's not a murder case" on social media. An investigation into Hrnchiar's conduct was undertaken as a result. In November 2016, Hrnchiar pleaded guilty to two counts of discreditable conduct under the Police Services Act, and for making comments on an open investigation.
Annie Pootoogook's body was sent back to Cape Dorset where a funeral was held in her home village. The service was performed entirely in her native language of Inuktitut. Pootoogook's youngest daughter was able to go the funeral and this was the first time she met her extended Inuit family.
References
Further reading
Allen, Jan. Annie Pootoogook: Kinngait Compositions. Kingston, ON: Agnes Etherington Art Centre, 2011.
Burant, Jim. Ottawa Art & Artists: An Illustrated History. Toronto: Art Canada Institute, 2022.
Campbell, Nancy. Annie Pootoogook: cutting ice = Ini Putugu: tukistittisimavuq takusinnggittunik. Fredericton, NB: Goose Lane Editions with McMichael Canadian Art Collection, 2017.
Campbell, Nancy. Annie Pootoogook: Life & Work. Toronto: Art Canada Institute, 2020. .
1969 births
2016 deaths
Artists from Nunavut
People from Kinngait
Canadian Inuit women
Inuit illustrators
Artists from Ottawa
20th-century Canadian women artists
Inuit from the Northwest Territories
Inuit from Nunavut
21st-century Canadian women artists
"The Red Woman" is the sixth season premiere episode of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 51st overall. The episode was written by series creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, and directed by Jeremy Podeswa.
In the episode, the lifeless body of Jon Snow is discovered by Ser Davos Seaworth and loyal members of the Night's Watch protect it; Melisandre has begun to lose her faith in the Lord of Light; Sansa Stark and Theon Greyjoy flee Winterfell; Ellaria Sand and the Sand Snakes seize control of Dorne; Jaime Lannister returns to King's Landing with the body of his dead daughter; and Daenerys Targaryen is taken prisoner by the khalasar of Khal Moro.
"The Red Woman" was positively received by critics who found the episode to be a satisfactory launching point for the season, and praising the scenes involving Sansa and Brienne, as well as the closing reveal with Melisandre, although the Dorne storyline was criticized once again for feeling too abrupt and deviating greatly from the books. For filming of the episode's closing reveal, the director used similar technique to the body double of Cersei Lannister in the previous episode. The episode title is an allusion to the epithet used to describe the Red Priestess Melisandre. In the United States, the episode premiere achieved a viewership of 7.94 million in its initial broadcast, and a same-day total including the streaming services HBO Go and HBO Now of 10.7 million viewers, a record for the series.
Plot
In the North
Roose Bolton warns Ramsay Bolton that they could face retribution from the Lannisters for Ramsay's marriage to Sansa Stark and must therefore retrieve her to ensure the support of the North.
Brienne of Tarth and Podrick Payne rescue Sansa and Theon Greyjoy from a squad of Bolton soldiers.
In King's Landing
Jaime Lannister arrives in King's Landing bearing Myrcella's body and promises Cersei that they will have revenge against all who have wronged them.
Obara and Nymeria Sand infiltrate Trystane's ship and Obara kills him by stabbing him through the back of the head.
In Dorne
Ellaria Sand and Tyene Sand kill Doran Martell and Areo Hotah. Ellaria vows that "weak men will never rule Dorne again".
In Braavos
Arya Stark, now blinded, is sent to beg on the streets and train her hearing senses. The Waif appears and forces Arya to duel her using a wooden staff. Arya fails, and the Waif promises that she will return the following day.
In the Dothraki Sea
Daenerys Targaryen is presented to Khal Moro, who has taken her prisoner. Daenerys explains that she was Khal Drogo's wife and asks Moro to escort her back to Meereen, but he refuses, as widows of khals must live out their lives in Vaes Dothrak, the Dothraki's sacred city.
In Meereen
Tyrion Lannister and Varys walk through the deserted streets of Meereen. Varys promises that his spies will find the leader of the Sons of the Harpy. The two discover that all of the ships in Meereen's harbor have been set ablaze, and Tyrion realizes that Daenerys' forces will be unable to sail to Westeros.
At the Wall
The loyalists take Jon Snow's body into a storeroom. Melisandre is troubled, as she had experienced a vision of Jon fighting at Winterfell. The loyalists lock themselves in from the mutineers, while Eddison sneaks out of Castle Black to get assistance from the Wildlings. Ser Alliser Thorne convenes the Night's Watch and takes responsibility for Jon's assassination. Thorne and the other mutineers surround the storeroom and threaten to attack if the loyalists do not surrender by nightfall. Melisandre goes to sleep in her bedroom. As she undresses, she is revealed to have a physical body many years older than she normally appears.
Production
Writing
"The Red Woman" was written by the series' creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss. Some elements in the episode are based on the sixth novel in the A Song of Ice and Fire series, The Winds of Winter, which author George R. R. Martin had hoped to have completed before the sixth season began airing. It also contains elements from the chapters "The Sacrifice" and "The Blind Girl" from A Dance with Dragons. With this episode, Jonathan Pryce (High Sparrow) is promoted to series regular. The episode has the introduction of new recurring cast member Joe Naufahu, who plays Khal Moro. It was the first episode followed by After the Thrones, HBO's after-show hosted by Andy Greenwald and Chris Ryan. The episode had a premiere at the TCL Chinese Theatre two weeks before the premier of the episode on HBO. There was a lot of speculation prior to the episode regarding whether the character Jon Snow would remain dead or return to life. Fans speculated that Melisandre would be the one to bring back Snow to life, after and before the title of the first episode was revealed to be "The Red Woman".
Liam Cunningham, who portrays Davos Seaworth, spoke about the writing of the episode following its airing, and revealed how he reacted to the scene, saying "It was initially shocking. You know what I thought was my favorite bit, and I said it to David and Dan, it was at that moment when the reveal comes and you kind of go, 'Oh my God,' it puts things into context with Melisandre. It doesn't explain or blah, blah, blah. … It's confirmed like, she's a witch, but there was such a touch of humanity. When she went to the bed and got into the bed and covered herself up… it was like a really striking moment in this weird madness of humanity."
John Bradley, who portrays Samwell Tarly, also spoke about the scene, saying "And what I like about that, and seeing her like that is you know then that her sexuality over the course of the last few seasons, we've seen her use as such a tool -- that's all very deliberate. She presents herself in this way as this beautiful woman because she knows the effect that that can have on people. She knows the effect that that has on Stannis, and that can make men do unadvisable things. So the fact that she did that and she uses that power in that way to have this influence on people. That puts her into context as somebody who really does know what she's doing."
Filming
"The Red Woman" was directed by Jeremy Podeswa. Podeswa previously directed the fifth season episodes "Kill the Boy" and "Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken", the latter of which received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series. The budget for the sixth season increased compared to the previous seasons as each episode had an average cost of over $10 million, totaling approximately $100 million for the full season, setting a new high for the series.
For the closing reveal involving Melisandre, the director of the episode stated that a similar technique to the body double of Cersei Lannister in "Mother's Mercy" was used, with Carice van Houten wearing prosthetic makeup for the face that was then transposed onto the real body of an old woman. Podeswa stated, "The idea is there's an indefinite indeterminate quality that she could be ancient. We were limited by choosing to use a real person rather than a complete creation. Because what does a 400-year-old person look like? We don't know. So if you try to create that, then you're creating something that looks beyond our known reality. Here you feel like she's very old without putting a number on it."
Reception
Ratings
"The Red Woman" was viewed by 7.94 million American households on its first viewing, which is slightly lower than number of viewers for the fifth-season premiere, 8.00 million, marking the first time in the show's history a season premiere received fewer ratings than the premiere and finale of the season that came before it. HBO notes that two replays later in the night and early figures from HBO Go and HBO Now push the total to 10.7 million viewers, a same-day record for the show, meaning that the episode received an increase in viewerships. The episode also acquired a 4.0 rating in the 18–49 demographic, making it the highest rated show on cable television of the night. In the United Kingdom, the episode was watched by 2.19 million viewers according to overnight ratings (2.289 million viewers over 7 days and 2.554 over 28 days), a record for the pay channel Sky Atlantic. The UK viewing figures reached an all-time high. The 2am simulcast attracted 60,000 viewers. Similarly it broke the Australian record as the most watched show on pay TV, with 721,000 viewers in the overnight figures and 1.1 million in the final tally. Over a million had downloaded the episode within 12 hours of airing, with Australia having the most illegal downloads of the episode by a single nation.
Critical reception
Reviews for "The Red Woman" were very positive. The episode was praised for its humor, Brienne's reunion with Sansa and Theon, and the revelation regarding Melisandre's true age. Rotten Tomatoes gave the episode an approval rating of 86% based on 59 reviews, with an average rating of 7.5.4/10, and the consensus reading: "A solid season opener, The Red Woman balanced its ongoing mysteries with a bit of humor and featured Sansa's touching reunion with Brienne of Tarth."
James Hunt of What Culture wrote in his review of the episode; "It was a good return to the Seven Kingdoms (and beyond), one that was filled with tension throughout, and set about re-establishing the pieces on the board." Ellen Gray of Philadelphia Daily News noted in her review of the episode; "First episodes are always difficult. So many people to check in on. Or kill. Or swear vengeance upon. Still, things are off to several promising starts." Mark W. Pleiss of PopMatters wrote in his review of the episode; "The most recent episode of HBO's Game of Thrones largely evaded the two major questions from the previous chapter, and instead lined up its sixth season to gravitate around the heroics and cunning of its female protagonists." Tim Surette of TV.com wrote that Melisandre is one of his favorite characters.
In isolation from the rest of the episode, many critics were baffled by the drastic changes to the Dorne storyline. For io9, Charlie Jane Anders called it "the absolute worst" part of the episode, and criticized the Dorne storyline in general for giving Doran Martell "a grand total of ten minutes' screentime" before suddenly killing him off, given that he is alive in the novels and his major subplot from the books - that he was simply feigning a desire for peace while planning to betray the Lannisters - was not introduced at all before his departure. Alan Sepinwall from HitFix also disliked the Dorne scenes and summarized, "I'll settle for not needing to audibly groan every time the story returns to Dorne, frankly." For Vulture, Nate Jones wrote an op-ed piece specifically criticizing the Dorne storyline in seasons five and six, culminating in the changes in the season six premiere, which it felt to be bizarre and illogical - purely relying on shock value when the characters' actions don't make sense upon closer analysis. Jones was also critical of how it was altering the female characters in Dorne, saying that they were changed from the novels to be "the kind of violent, scantily clad women that emerge when creators want to pay lip service to feminism, but don't have the time or inclination to create actual three-dimensional female characters."
References
External links
"The Red Woman" at HBO.com
2016 American television episodes
Game of Thrones (season 6) episodes
Television episodes directed by Jeremy Podeswa
Television episodes written by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss
Patrick Mason may refer to:
Patrick Mason (theatre director), British theatre director
Patrick Mason (economist), American economist
Patrick Q. Mason, American historian
Pat Mason, American college baseball coach
See also
Mason Patrick, United States Army general
Man on Ground is a 2011 Nigerian South African drama film directed by Akin Omotoso. It was screened and premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. The film tells a story about how Xenophobia in South Africa affect the lives of two Nigerian brothers.
Plot
Ade, an accomplished financial executive and his brother Femi are South-African immigrants. Unknown to Ade, his brother, who is in South-Africa because of a self-imposed exile due to political affiliation in Nigeria has been kidnapped. On discovery that his brother is missing Ade carries out investigations to unravel the mystery and discovers the difficult lifestyle subjected to him. Ade pays homage to a former employer of Femi, when violence occurred which forced him to live with the boss. The frequent violent riot in the neighbourhood opens up many revelations on the life of his brother.
Cast
Hakeem Kae-Kazim as Ade
Fabian Adeoye Lojede as Femi
Fana Mokoena as Timothy
Bubu Mazibuko as Lindiwe
Thishiwe Ziqubu as Zodwa
Makhaola Ndebele as Vusi
Mandisa Bardill as Nadia
Joshua Chisholm as Young Ade
Mbongeni Nhlapo as Young Femi
Eugene Khoza as Hype man
Release
It had its premiere at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival on 12 September 2011.
Accolades
References
External links
Nigerian drama films
South African drama films
English-language Nigerian films
English-language South African films
Yoruba-language films
Zulu-language films
2010s English-language films
Films directed by Akin Omotoso
Biswatosh Sengupta (born 11 September 1944) is an Indian academic. He is the fourth son among seven children of Manindranath and Provabati Sengupta.
Education
Sengupta had done B.Sc. Honors in Mathematics from Calcutta University, 1966. Obtained Certificate in statistics from Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) in the same year. After that he had done master's degree in Statistics (M. Stat) from ISI, 1969 and in also did Post Graduate Diploma in Demography from ISI and Summer Course on Population from East-West Centre, Hawaii, United States and Korean Institute of family planning, Seoul, South Korea, in 1974 with special Workshop on Demographic Survey Research Methods. He also took In-service training course on Management and Planning of Environment from Administrative Training Institute (ATI), Govt. of West Bengal in 1985. He did Post Graduate Diploma in Creative Writing in English (DCE) in 1995, Diploma in Computer in Office Management (DCO) in 1998 and Master in Computer Application (MCA) in the year 2006 from Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU). He was also trained on Geographic Information System (GIS) from ATI in August, 2004. Recently in 2010, he completed the Post Graduate Diploma in ‘Appreciation of Indian Art', from the Ramakrishna Mission Institute of Culture, Kolkata.
Career
Biswatosh was the Additional Director-in-Charge in Socio-Economic Planning and Appraisal Maintaining Evaluation in Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), Salt Lake. He retired from there on 30 September 2004. His specializations are Statistics, Demography, Planning and Information Technology. At present he is working as Professor in Information Technology and Head of the Department of BCA in B P Poddar Institute of Management & Technology situated in Kolkata.
Work
He was a former member, University Grant Commission Curriculum Development Committee for Visual Art. Honorary Joint Secretary, Photographic Association of Dum Dum (PAD) since 1973 and editor of IMAGE, a publication of PAD since 1974. He was also an ex-member of working group on Perspective Plan for Calcutta Metropolitan Area(CMA), State Planning Board, Government of West Bengal and initially he was associated with the Calcutta Fertility Survey of ISI, 1970–72 and later associated with the Socio-Economic Survey of KMDA (formerly CMDA), 1996.
Awards and distinctions
He was awarded AFIAP distinction for outstanding contribution in the field of Fine art photography in 1975 and ESFIAP for Excellent Service for the cause of International Photography in 1985 by the Fédération Internationale de l'Art Photographique. He was conferred the Honorary Fellowship of The National Photographic Art Society Sri Lanka in 1984. Very recent Bangladesh Photographic Society conferred Fellowship to Sengupta.
Exhibition
First solo exhibition on paintings with computer graphics ‘Graphic Art' using ‘C' and ‘C++' held at Indian Museum, Kolkata in 2009. The second solo exhibition on the same title with similar technique was held at Academy of Fine Arts, Kolkata, from 22 – 28 July 2010
and the third solo exhibition on Graphic Art using c, c++ and MATLAB was held at the same gallery of Kolkata from 3–9 October 2012. His 4th solo exhibition on Creative Photography will be held on 11 December 2013 for three days at the Gaganendra Silpa Pradarshasala, Kolkata .
Published work
Co-author of Learn Photography and Experimental Photography, published by Photographic Association of Dum Dum.
References
External links
Indian statisticians
Scientists from Kolkata
1944 births
Living people
University of Calcutta alumni
Indira Gandhi National Open University alumni
AFIAP
James Chaine (1841 – 4 May 1885) was an Irish shipping businessman and a Conservative Party politician from County Antrim in Ulster.
The son of James Chaine of Ballycraigy and his wife, Maria (née Whittle), from Antrim, he was educated in Blackheath. In 1863, he married Henrietta Creery from Newcastle, County Down.
Chaine was influential in developing the cross-channel links between Larne and Stranraer, Scotland. He was the director of the Larne and Stanraer Boat Company, and was the key figure behind the building of the Port and Harbour of Larne. He promoted and financed construction of railroad lines from Larne to Ballyclare and from Larne to Ballymena (the Ballymena and Larne Railway).
He was elected at the 1874 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Antrim, and held the seat until his death at the age of 43 in May 1885.
Chaine, James Porter Corry and William Ewart formed a minority of Irish MPs from "the world of the big business" while the majority were either landowners or descendants of the landed families. Chaine himself became a major landowner by the purchase of a £64,000 estate in Carncastle followed by a £22,000 estate in Killead.
Death
He died after catching a chill, which developed into pneumonia. His estate was valued at £62,681. He was buried, in an upright position, overlooking Larne Lough, near Sandy Point. The Chaine Memorial, a replica Irish round tower, was built in Larne in 1888 to commemorate him.
Notes
References
Campbell, Fergus (2009). The Irish Establishment 1879-1914. Oxford University Press. .
Thomson, Frank (2001). The end of liberal Ulster: land agitation and land reform, 1868-1886. Ulster Historical Foundation. .
External links
1841 births
1885 deaths
People from Larne
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Antrim constituencies (1801–1922)
UK MPs 1874–1880
UK MPs 1880–1885
Irish Conservative Party MPs
Businesspeople in shipping
19th-century Irish businesspeople
Maria Medina Coeli (1764 in Chiavenna – 1846 in Pianello Lario) (also known as Helena Perpenti) was an Italian physician, inventor and botanist.
Maria was the daughter of the physician Sebastian Medina Coeli and his wife Isabella Battistessa Coeli who belonged to one of the most prominent families in the alpine town where Maria was born. She was the youngest of five children.
Medical studies
Maria took an early interest in medicine as practiced by her father, especially the scourge of smallpox and possibilities of early vaccines. To pursue the subject, she corresponded with the physician Luigi Sacco in Milan. She developed a vaccine against smallpox and tested it on herself and her family (not an uncommon procedure at that time), and the introduction of vaccination in the Como area is attributed to her efforts. ... she herself experimented with the same practice in her family, on her own children. It is to her example and her commitment to the promotion of smallpox prophylaxis that we owe the introduction of this practice in the territory of Como.
Asbestos spinning
Coeli also studied natural science. She moved to Como to study but instead married the clerk Bernardino Lena Perpenti in 1788, and became known as Helena Perpenti. "The marriage is followed by the birth of fifteen children in twenty-one years." The many children of her marriage prevented intense studies, but she continued on a smaller scale and invented a way to spin asbestos, which brought her "considerable fame in Italy and abroad."With the use of a special comb she in fact developed a method of spinning asbestos that allowed her to weave numerous products in which feminine grace and technical-practical ingenuity were perfectly combined: lace, lace, completely fireproof fabrics. Among the various garments she produced, there is also a pair of gloves donated to the viceroy Eugenio Beauharnais. Using scraps of asbestos, she created a fireproof paper and a special ink, also resistant to fire, made with vitriol and manganese. She sent fireproof test pamphlets that she made to various libraries. She also sent a sample to Alessandro Volta, her personal friend.
Coeli's inventions caught the attention of industrial practitioners in Italy and beyond. For her work she was awarded the silver medal (1806) and then the gold medal (1807) from the National Institute of Milan. After news of her work reached the Society of Encouragement for National Industry in Paris, it is said it "attracted the attention and admiration of Napoleon."
Botanical contributions
Using the Linnean classification system, Coeli (then widely known as Helena Perpenti) studied the flora of the Lario valleys near Lake Como. In 1817, she found a specimen of campanula which later became known as: campanula Perpentiae. After her discovery of this rare species of flower was published, she earned a place, as a distinguished naturalist, in the French Dictionary of Inventions.
References
1764 births
1846 deaths
19th-century Italian physicians
Italian women physicians
18th-century Italian women scientists
19th-century Italian women scientists
18th-century Italian physicians
19th-century women physicians
People from Chiavenna
George is a British mass market fashion label founded by George Davies for Asda. It is the second best-selling label in the United Kingdom.
History
The George brand was founded in 1989 as a partnership between English fashion designer George Davies & Asda. The latter had recruited the high-street designer for its grocery store brand to help shoppers avoid high street.
Asda and George were sold to Walmart in 1999, which led to the expansion of the George brand into Walmart stores.
In February 2022, Asda and George were bought by TDR Capital for £6.8 billion pounds. Plans to spin George off into an independent brand have been leaked, but those plans have been denied by the acquiring firm.
Reception
The brand is a success in the UK but ultimately is considered a failure in Canada and the United States.
The brand targeted women aged 30 to 50 when it was rolled out at Walmart. This demographic wasn't as receptive to the brand in North America as it was in the UK.
Walmart attempted to fix the issue by targeting a wider demographic by consolidating other labels under one brand. In Canada, this included popular brands such as 725 Originals, B.U.M., and Pennmans.
By 2018, weak sales forced the brand to shrink to just a menswear line. This only impacted their Canada and US lines, which had been preparing to sell the brand in advance. It was split up into four separate brands under Walmart.
References
Clothing brands of the United Kingdom
1989 establishments in the United Kingdom
Walmart brands
Jake Hunter, known in Japan as , is a mystery adventure game series originally developed and published by Data East in 1987. The property would later transfer to WorkJam, and then to Arc System Works.
Despite its popularity in Japan, the first of its games to receive an English language release was Tantei Jingūji Saburō DS: Inishie no Kioku, retitled and released in North America on June 11, 2008 by Aksys Games in truncated form as Jake Hunter: Detective Chronicles. The game was re-released on May 26, 2009 as Jake Hunter Detective Story: Memories of the Past, containing the originally localised three cases with new translations, plus three further cases, and a large number of unlockables including comics. No further releases would be announced until July 1, 2017, when Aksys Games revealed they would be bringing over Tantei Jingūji Saburō: Ghost of the Dusk in 2018. A prequel game, given the branding Alternate Jake Hunter internationally, was localised internally and released in 2019 with original character names and settings preserved.
History
According to Enterbrain's Famitsu, the Tantei Jingūji Saburō franchise had sold over 2,220,000 units at the time of its twentieth anniversary, making it one of the longest running and best-selling Japanese adventure game series in history. There are nineteen main series entries, complemented by a 25-game mobile sub-series and various examples of tie-in media. A persistent series tradition has been to use titles from songs and albums as names for installments, with most frequent reference made to the works of Kenji Sawada.
Family Computer
The first game of the series, , was released in 1987 by Data East for the Family Computer Disk System. Following in the style of Yuji Horii's popular Famicom adventure games, the "command selection" style games featured advanced graphics, sound effects, and distinct hardboiled scenarios to set themselves apart from contemporaries. The series employed a number of advanced game mechanics, developing techniques which would later find popularity in the industry at large. Time played an important role in the first game, with each command selected by the player causing a certain amount of in-game time to elapse; failure to solve the mystery during the allotted time period resulting in a bad ending. This time system would later be revived in the series' 7th installment. The scenario for the series' 3rd and 4th installments was written by a fledgling Kazushige Nojima, who added segments following the secondary lead which alternated on a predetermined basis.
Fifth generation consoles
Production was halted after the 4th installment, but would be revived internally when Data East took on series fan Tatsuya Saito. Saito would become scenario writer for the 5th game in the series, directed by Eiichi Nishiyama, imminent heir to the role of series producer, and released on the PlayStation and Sega Saturn in 1996. This fifth entry would see several developments on the original games made possible by the use of the CD-ROM: an overhaul of the series' graphics and sound, including an opening movie featuring an animated prelude and voice acting for the first time; a "zapping" system which allowed different branches of the story to be played by way of alternating characters; 3D-rendered mini games; and the inaugural installment of a sub-series known in Japan as the Mystery Casebook games (Jake Hunter Unleashed in English releases), featuring super-deformed caricatures of the main trio encountering small-scale mysteries involving extra challenging gameplay, which would be included alongside mainline games.
Most of these features would become recurrent in the series, with the 6th installment, written by Hirotaka Inaba, replacing the previous game's stylised character design with a painted realist style produced by original character designer Katsuya Terada, and adding a new "password" mechanic, involving hidden codes in the main game which could be used to unlock bonus content. Bearing the newly christened series subtitle "Detective Adventure Game", both this game and the next, released exclusively for PlayStation, would feature opening movies directed by Shimako Satō.
Sixth generation consoles
In 1999, a financially troubled Data East licensed out the series to WorkJam, to which Nishiyama's "Team Jingūji" would transfer when Data East went bankrupt in 2003. The transition between studios marked a shift in game design, storytelling becoming once more linear and perspective shifts scripted, setting the formula for later games in the series. With previous scenario writers unavailable, writing duties for the series' eighth installment, developed for PlayStation 2 in 2002, fell to WorkJam founder Yutaka Kaminaga. The resultant game featured a number of peripheral references to the contemporary Grasshopper Manufacture game The Silver Case.
The series continued at WorkJam with a further game for the PS2 and reimaginings of the Famicom games released as the inauguration of a line of mobile phone applications. The final game of the generation, co-developed by Marvelous Interactive for the Game Boy Advance, marked the series debut on handheld platforms.
Seventh generation consoles
Beginning with a special 20th anniversary release for the Nintendo DS, WorkJam would work with Arc System Works in development of console games, now released exclusively on handheld platforms, predominantly in the form of the Tantei Jingūji Saburō Detective Story compilation line, with the addition of a PlayStation Portable release similar in form to earlier PlayStation installments. WorkJam licensed a series of PlayStation Game Archives releases of the original Data East games to Expris, and continued their mobile game line, featuring contributions from writers such as Kazutaka Kodaka, to a total of twenty-four releases before it was retired.
Eighth-generation consoles
In 2011, WorkJam began to wind down production, with full responsibilities for the ongoing development of a special 25th-anniversary game for the Nintendo 3DS falling to Arc System Works. Several WorkJam staff, including Nishiyama and planner/scenario writer Mitsue Kaneko, would form a new studio, Orange, while rights to various company properties including the Tantei Jingūji Saburō series passed to Expris. For the next five years the series would remain largely dormant, aside from Game Archives rereleases of WorkJam's two PS2 games from Expris, and a cameo by the title character in Inuwashi Urabure Tantei to Ojou-sama Keiji no Ikebukuro Jiken Fairu, a mobile game developed by Orange and scored by longtime series composer Seiichi Hamada.
In 2017, Arc System Works announced that plans for a 30th-anniversary revival had led to its obtaining of exclusive rights to Expris' WorkJam-inherited properties at the end of the previous year. Following this, the company worked with Orange and Neilo to publish several titles for handheld and home consoles, while exploring new avenues for PC delivery and reviving the mobile line for smart devices.
Characters
The main character of the series is Jake Hunter (known in Japan as ), a thirty-something (29 for the first five installments) private investigator who operates a detective agency in the Tripudio district of the fictional American city of Aspicio (Kabukichō, Shinjuku in the Japanese original). He was born the third son of a wealthy business enterprise owner, but chose to travel to New York City during his youth to work as an assistant detective. He is a heavy smoker, and often assembles his thoughts with the help of a Marlboro cigarette. According to his in-game profile, his favorite alcoholic beverage is cognac, and he drives a green Mini Cooper.
Hunter is persistently accompanied in his investigations by Yulia Marks (known in Japan as ), his polyglot assistant, and often collaborates with his old friend Scott "King" Kingsley (known in Japan as ), a middle-aged inspector with the city police.
Voice acting
Voice acting was first used in certain game scenes in the 5th installment, and has been implemented in most subsequent releases, excluding those released for mobile, GBA and DS. Jingūji has been voiced by Yukimasa Kishino, Akio Ōtsuka, Jūrōta Kosugi, and Kaoru Katō; Yōko by Tsumugi Ōsawa, Yōko Saitō, Fumiko Orikasa, Kazue Nakamoto, Seiko Yoshida, and Mamiko Noto; and Sanzō by Fumihiko Tachiki, Kōji Ishii, Masaaki Tsukada, and Naomi Otome.
List of media
Mobile series
The mobile games began development under WorkJam for flip phones in 2003. The first four games were remakes of the original Famicom games, featuring (often significant) reworking of their stories. Following Arc System Works' acquisition of the series in 2017, the original games were collected in a smartphone app, and the line relaunched with a new series beginning in 2019.
Other media
The series has been accompanied by a plethora of tie-in books, the first of which, a choose-your-own-adventure style gamebook for young adults, was released in 1988. After the series revival at Data East, Tatsuya Saito would pen a prequel novel documenting the first meeting between Jingūji and Kumano. A further novel would be published in 2000, followed by a novelisation of the eighth game. Another prequel, telling a story set during Jingūji's schooldays, was published by Dengeki Bunko in 2004, followed by a brief sequence of releases at Sesame Books, ending in 2007.
Manga adaptations of the third and sixth games were previously made available online, and several game guides were published prior to the series' shift toward handheld platforms.
Several soundtrack CDs have also been released, featuring a range of music from across the series composed by series stalwart Seiichi Hamada and others. A Drama CD featuring three short vignettes was included with early copies of the sixth game.
The first four games in the series were released on the Wii's Virtual Console exclusively in Japan.
See also
Katsuya Terada (original character designer and illustrator throughout the series)
Portopia Renzoku Satsujin Jiken (a contemporary mystery-adventure game series)
References
External links
WorkJam
Innocent Black
KIND OF BLUE
Mobile series
Marvelous Entertainment
Shiroi Kage no Shōjo
Arc System Works
Inishie no Kioku
Kienai Kokoro
Fuserareta Shinjitsu
Hai to Daiyamondo
Akai Chō
Fukushū no Rondo
Oldies
GHOST OF THE DUSK
Prism of Eyes
Daedalus
Orange
New Order
1987 video games
Adventure games
Arc System Works franchises
Data East video games
Detective video games
Famicom Disk System games
Game Boy Advance games
Japan-exclusive video games
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo Entertainment System games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Portable games
Sega Saturn games
Video game franchises
Video games developed in Japan
Virtual Console games
Drive is the tenth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. Released in 2002 on Arista Nashville, the album produced Jackson's highest-debuting single on the Hot Country Songs charts in the number 1 hit, "Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)", a ballad written in response to the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. "Drive (For Daddy Gene)", "Work in Progress", and "That'd Be Alright" were also released as singles, peaking at number 1, number 3, and number 2, respectively, on the same chart; "Designated Drinker" also reached number 44 without officially being released. In addition, all four released singles cracked the Top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at numbers 28, 28, 35 and 29, respectively.
Reception
At the 2003 Academy of Country Music Awards, Jackson was nominated for 10 awards winning Album of the Year for Drive and Video of the Year for the video to "Drive (For Daddy Gene)."
In 2009, Rhapsody ranked the album number 3 on its "Country's Best Albums of the Decade" list.
Track listing
Personnel
Eddie Bayers – drums
J. T. Corenflos – electric guitar
Stuart Duncan – fiddle, mandolin
Robbie Flint – steel guitar (track 13)
Paul Franklin – steel guitar
Vince Gill – introduction (track 13)
Danny Groah – electric guitar (track 13)
Greenwood Hart - acoustic guitar, piano, accordion
Wes Hightower – background vocals
Jim Hoke – harmonica
Alan Jackson – acoustic guitar (track 13), lead vocals
Irene Kelley – background vocals
John Kelton – tic-tac bass
Matthew McCauley – conductor, string arrangements
Mark McClurg – fiddle (track 13)
Brent Mason – electric guitar
Gordon Mote – keyboards, piano
The Nashville String Machine - strings
Monty Parkey – piano (track 13)
Dave Pomeroy – bass guitar
Bruce Rutherford – drums (track 13)
Tom Rutledge – acoustic guitar (track 13)
Kim Parent - background vocals
John Wesley Ryles – background vocals
Marty Slayton - background vocals (track 13)
Tony Stephens – acoustic guitar (track 13)
George Strait – duet vocals (track 6)
Bruce Watkins – banjo, acoustic guitar
Bergen White – conductor (track 13)
Roger Wills – bass guitar (track 13)
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
Chart performance
Drive debuted at number 1 on the U.S. Billboard 200, his first number 1 debut, and debuted at number 1 on the Top Country Albums selling 211,000 copies, his sixth number 1 Country album. The album was certified 4× Platinum by the RIAA in May 2003.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales and Certifications
References
2002 albums
Alan Jackson albums
Arista Records albums
Albums produced by Keith Stegall
Arista Nashville albums
The NCAA Award of Valor is presented by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) to recognize "courageous action or noteworthy bravery" by persons involved with intercollegiate athletics.
Potential recipients of the Award of Valor are current intercollegiate athletics coaches or administrators and current or former varsity letter-winners at NCAA institutions who, when confronted with situations involving personal danger, acted with valor to avert or minimize potential disaster. Valor is described as "the strength of mind or spirit that enables a person to brave danger with boldness and firmness." Members of the armed forces and police forces may receive the award for duty-connected actions if their actions were "clearly above and beyond the call of duty."
The Award of Valor is presented during an award celebration at the NCAA's annual convention. It is not presented automatically on an annual basis. Selection is based on heroic action occurring in the previous academic year.
The notable recipients of the NCAA Award of Valor are:
1974 – Charles G. "Lefty" Driesell, men's basketball coach at the University of Maryland; in a fire that destroyed four townhouses, broke into a burning building and began evacuating children.
1982 – Timothy J. McCarthy. A former football player at University of Illinois, United States Secret Service agent wounded on March 30, 1981 during an assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan. McCarthy stepped in front of President Reagan, saving the President from harm at considerable risk to his own life. He took a bullet to the abdomen but made a full recovery. The shooting occurred hours before the men's basketball national championship game between Indiana and North Carolina.
1984 – Joseph A. Delaney. A former All-American performer in football and track at Northwestern State University and budding star with the Kansas City Chiefs, Delaney died trying to save three youngsters from drowning.
2004 – Jimmy Baxter, University of South Florida, saved two men trapped in a vehicle after a violent crash.
2008 – Emily Perez, 2005 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy, who died after an improvised explosive device exploded near her vehicle in Iraq and whose U.S. Army unit recognized her for her leadership after her death.
2008 – Douglas A. Zembiec, a 1995 graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy, who was a major in the U.S. Marines and had demonstrated heroism in several incidents before his death in Iraq.
2009 – Roxana Saberi, a freelance journalist on an alleged espionage charge in Iran. She repeatedly avowed her innocence. She was eventually freed and returned home to the United States, in January 2009. Roxana Saberi graduated from Concordia College Northwestern University and King's College, Cambridge University
See also
NCAA Inspiration Award
NCAA Sportsmanship Award
NCAA Woman of the Year Award
NCAA Gerald R. Ford Award
Silver Anniversary Awards (NCAA)
References
College sports trophies and awards in the United States
Valor
This is a list of candidates for the 1894 New South Wales colonial election. The election was held on 17 July 1894.
This election saw the Assembly reconstituted into single-member constituencies. As such it is impossible to determine which party notionally held each electorate.
Retiring members
Protectionist
Robert Barbour MLA (Murray)
James Torpy MLA (Orange)
Free Trade
William A'Beckett MLA (Bogan)
Robert Booth MLA (Bogan)
David Dale MLA (Central Cumberland)
James Eve MLA (Canterbury)
William Holborow MLA (Argyle)
James Inglis MLA (New England)
James Marks MLA (Paddington)
Bruce Smith MLA (Glebe)
Robert Wilkinson MLA (Balranald)
Independent
Jack Want MLA (Paddington) – Independent Free Trade
Thomas Williams MLA (Upper Hunter) – Independent Labor
Legislative Assembly
Sitting members are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
See also
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, 1894–1895
References
1894
Thomas Francis Burchill (August 3, 1882 – March 26, 1955) was an American businessman and politician who served one term as a United States representative from New York from 1943 to 1945.
Biography
Born in New York City, he attended the city's St. Francis Xavier High School, and graduated from Niagara University. He was an auctioneer, appraiser, and was also interested in the insurance business in New York City after 1900.
Political career
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 3rd D.) in 1920, 1921, 1922, 1923 and 1924.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (13th D.) from 1925 to 1938, sitting in the 148th, 149th, 150th, 151st, 152nd, 153rd, 154th, 155th, 156th, 157th, 158th, 159th, 160th and 161st New York State Legislatures. He was appointed a member of the New York World's Fair Commission in 1938.
Congress
Burchill was elected as a Democrat to the 78th United States Congress, holding office from January 3, 1943, to January 3, 1945. He resumed his former business pursuits in New York City and was a consultant and alien property custodian.
Death
He died on March 26, 1955, in Far Rockaway, Queens. Interment was in Gate of Heaven Cemetery. His widow, Margaret McMahon, died in 1968.
References
External links
1882 births
1955 deaths
Politicians from New York City
Niagara University alumni
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state senators
Burials at Gate of Heaven Cemetery (Hawthorne, New York)
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
American auctioneers
20th-century American politicians
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
The eyebrowed wren-babbler (Napothera epilepidota) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae.
It is found in Bhutan, China, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
eyebrowed wren-babbler
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of South China
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Southeast Asia
eyebrowed wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lei Uk or Lei Uk Tsuen is the name or part of the name of several villages in Hong Kong:
Lei Uk Tsuen (North District) in Ta Kwu Ling, North District
Lei Uk Tsuen (Sha Tin District) in Tai Wai, Sha Tin District
Lei Uk Tsuen or Lee Uk Tsuen in Ha Tsuen, Yuen Long District
Hester Henriette Grové(née Venter) (September 26, 1922 - December 15, 2009) is a South African writer of African origin. She was married to the literary critic A.P. Grové.
She is best known for her short stories and her plays. She is one of the few writers to have won the Hertzog Prize in multiple categories. Radiodramas are Die Glasdeur and Die Goeie Jaar. A drama Die Bokamer . A short story is Swart Haan, collected in for instance "Moderne Afrikaanse Verhaalkuns", byeengebring en toeglig deur Dr. F.E.F. Malherbe.
References
South African women writers
1922 births
2009 deaths
Hertzog Prize winners
Francis Brennan may refer to:
Francis Brennan (cardinal) (1894–1968), American cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church
Francis Brennan (hotelier) (born 1953), flamboyant Irish television personality
Francis Gerard Brennan (1928-2022), Australian lawyer
See also
Frank Brennan (disambiguation)
Allison is an unincorporated community in Bryan County, Oklahoma, United States. It is located seven miles south of Durant, and had a post office from March 6, 1901, to December 15, 1921. Allison was named after the nearby Mount Allison school.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bryan County, Oklahoma
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
Thomas Silberhorn (born 12 November 1968) is a German lawyer and politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2002.
Political career
Silberhorn first became a member of the Bundestag in the 2002 German federal election. He has served on the Committee on European Affairs (2002-2013); the Subcommittee on Foreign Trade (2005-2009); and the Committee on Legal Affairs (2009-2013). In addition to his committee assignments, he is a member of the German-Japanese Parliamentary Friendship Group.
In the negotiations to form a coalition government of the Christian Democrats (CSU together with the CDU) and the FDP following the 2009 federal elections, Silberhorn was part of the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on foreign affairs, defense, Europe and development policy, led by Franz Josef Jung and Werner Hoyer. In the negotiations to form a Grand Coalition of the Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats (SPD) following the 2013 federal elections, Silberhorn was part of the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on bank regulation and the Eurozone, led by Herbert Reul and Martin Schulz.
In the third cabinet of Chancellor Angela Merkel from 2013 to 2017, Silberhorn served as Parliamentary State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development under minister Gerd Müller.
In the negotiations to form another coalition government under Merkel's leadership following the 2017 federal elections, Silberhorn was part of the working group on foreign policy, led by Ursula von der Leyen, Gerd Müller and Sigmar Gabriel.
From 2018 until 2021, Silberhorn served (alongside Peter Tauber) as one of two Parliamentary State Secretaries at the Federal Ministry of Defence under successive ministers Ursula von der Leyen (2018–2019) and Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer (2019–2021).
In 2019, Silberhorn co-chaired the CSU's convention in Munich, alongside Markus Blume and Florian Hahn.
Since the 2021 elections, Silberhorn has been serving as his parliamentary group's spokesperson for Transatlantic relations.
Other activities
European Academy of Bavaria, Member of the Board of Trustees
African Development Bank (AfDB), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (2013-2018)
Deutsche Welle, Member of the Broadcasting Council (2013-2018)
German Foundation for Peace Research (DSF), Member of the Board (2013-2018)
German Institute for International and Security Affairs (SWP), Member of the Council (2013-2018)
Federal Agency for Civic Education (BPB), Member of the Board of Trustees (2002-2005)
Political positions
In June 2017, Silberhorn voted against Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1968 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
People from Bamberg (district)
Parliamentary State Secretaries of Germany
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Catharine Friend Easterly (born December 18, 1970) is an associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the highest appellate court for the District of Columbia.
Biography
Easterly was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and raised in Richmond, Virginia, where she graduated from St. Catherine's School. She majored in history at Yale College, graduating in 1992, and received her law degree from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1996. During her law school summers Easterly worked at the Maryland Office of the Public Defender, the Legal Aid Society of the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia. After law school, Easterly worked as an appellate public defender in New York for four and a half years, first at the Legal Aid Society of Nassau County and then at the Office of the Appellate Defender in New York City. From 2001 to 2003, Easterly practiced civil and criminal litigation at a law firm in New York and then as a solo practitioner in Washington, D.C. During this period her clients included the Metropolitan Opera. In April 2003, she returned to D.C.'s Public Defender Service, where she worked in the Special Litigation Division until she was appointed to the bench. In that role she litigated civil and criminal cases, wrote amicus briefs, and testified before the Council of the District of Columbia.
Easterly was nominated for the D.C. Court of Appeals by President Barack Obama on August 2, 2011, and confirmed by the Senate on November 18, 2011.
References
External links
Official bio of Judge Easterly
1970 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
American women judges
American women lawyers
Judges of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
People from Boston
Public defenders
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
Yale College alumni
21st-century women judges
21st-century American women
SM UB-122 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 4 March 1918 as SM UB-122.
UB-122 was surrendered to the Allies at Harwich on 20 November 1918 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany. Having been exhibited at Southampton in December 1918, she was then laid up at Portsmouth until scuttled in the English Channel on 1 July 1921.
Although contemporary Admiralty documents leave no room for doubt as to UB-122'''s fate, her name has become widely associated with one of three submarine-wrecks in the Medway, which another Admiralty document makes clear can only be one of UB-144, UB-145 or UB-150.
Construction
She was built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 4 March 1918. UB-122 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Oblt.z.S. Alexander Magnus. Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-122 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-122 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-122'' had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
Gallery
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Maritime incidents in 1921
Shipwrecks in rivers
John Frederick Whitlie Quekett (b. London, 1849, d. Durban 5 July 1913) was a conchologist and museum curator who worked in South Africa, having emigrated there in 1871. He was the curator of the Durban Natural History Museum in June 1895. He retired in 1909 and died in Durban in 1913.
Early life
Quekket was born in London in 1849, his father was Professor John Thomas Quekett, after whom the Microscopy Club, is named, and his mother was Isabella Mary Anne Scott. He was educated in London.
South Africa
Quekket emigrated to South Africa in 1871. At some time in the early 1880s he was elected a Fellow of the Zoological Society of London. In 1886 he was tasked by the Natal Society in Pietermaritzburg to organise their collections and in 1888 was recorded as the honorary secretary of the Society's Museum and Science Department. By 1891 he was the secretary and the first curator of the society's museum, an institution which eventually became part of the Natal Museum. at this time he was employed by the civil service of Natal from 1889 and worked for its Forestry Department from its inauguration in 1891.
Quekett was appointed as curator of the Durban Natural History Museum in June 1895. He also the secretary and treasurer of the management committee of the museum. declining health forced him to retire from the museum in 1909. He specialised in conchology, and alongside H.C. Burnup, he undertook many field trips to collect shells. Quekket and Burnup were the first conchologists to retrieve shells from the intestines of the musselcracker seabream (Sparodon durbanensis). The shells were obtained fishmonger in Durban called Alex ("Lexy") Anderson. Quekett also had an interest in moths.
Quekket joined the South African Philosophical Society in 1899 and was still a member in 1908 when it changed into the Royal Society of South Africa.
Quekett died in Durban on 5 July 1913.
Legacy
Quekett is honoured in the names of the following species:
flapnose houndshark (Scylliogaleus quecketti) Boulenger, 1902 although Boulenger consistently misspelled Quekett's name as "Queckett".
the lesser gurnard (Chelidonichthys queketti) (Regan, 1904)
the spotfin cardinalfish (Jaydia queketti) (Gilchrist, 1903)
the frog Rana quecketti (Boulenger, 1895) (see S. quecketti above)
the bittersweet clam Glycymeris queketti (G. B. Sowerby III, 1897)
Quekett's abalone (Haliotis queketti) E.A. Smith, 1910
the land snail Gulella queketti (Melvill & Ponsonby, 1896)
the predatory air-breathing "cannibal snail" Natalina quekettiana (Melvill & Ponsonby, 1893)
References
1849 births
1913 deaths
Conchologists
Marcos Bezerra Abbott Galvão (born 14 January 1959) is a Brazilian diplomat, current Brazilian Ambassador to the European Union in Brussels, Belgium. From 22 February 2017 to 7 March 2017, Galvão was Acting Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Biography
Born in 1959, Galvão graduated at Rio Branco Institute, the Brazilian diplomatic academy, and concluded his master's degree in International Affairs at American University in Washington D.C., in the United States. Joined the diplomatic career, as third secretary, on 2 September 1980.
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, he acted in many offices, such as advisor to the secretary general (1982–84) and Deputy Chief of Staff and Press Secretary of the Minister (1998–2001). In other government agencies, he served in the Diplomatic Advisory office of the Presidency of the Republic (1990–92), advisor for the Minister of Finances (1994), Chief of Staff of the Ministry of the Environment (1993–94) and of the Ministry of Finances (2005–07). Galvão was Secretary of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Finances and main negotiator for the Ministry in the process of the G20 (2008–10). He was Secretary-General of Foreign Affairs (deputy Foreign Minister) from 25 May 2016 to 31 December 2018.
In foreign countries, Galvão served in the Brazilian Mission to the Organization of American States, in Washington D.C. (1984–87), in the Embassy of Asunción, Paraguay (1987–89), the Embassy of London, UK (1995–98) and the Embassy of Washington D.C., U.S. (2001–05), where he was minister-advisor and Chargé d'Affaires. From January 2011 to October 2013, he was Brazilian Ambassador to Japan and, after that, Brazilian permanent representative to the World Trade Organization (WTO) and other economic organizations in Geneva (2013–16). Since February 2019 he is the ambassador of Brazil to the European Union.
He taught many courses in Rio Branco Institute, such as Diplomatic Language and Brazilian Foreign Politics.
In May 2018, Galvão was nominated by president Michel Temer as Brazilian Ambassador to the European Union. The nomination was approved by the Federal Senate in the same month.
See also
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ambassadors of Brazil
References
External links
Official website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (in Portuguese)
|-
1959 births
Living people
People from New York City
Brazilian diplomats
Government ministers of Brazil
Foreign ministers of Brazil
Archbold's newtonia (Newtonia archboldi) is a species of bird in the family Vangidae.
It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. The birds have a greyish brown back and tail, with a rufous forecrown and a buffy white belly, throat, and undertail coverts. They have a conspicuous rufous eye-ring, accompanied with a black bill and pale yellow eyes. The species is sexually monomorphic, and there is no major difference between the sexes. There is no breeding plumage for the males.
The newtonia is an insectivore and feeds almost entirely on arthropods. Food is typically gleaned from twigs and foliage, or less commonly from bark or from the ground. It builds an open cup nest which are supported on shrubs. Clutches are typically of 3 eggs. The eggs are reddish white in colour and have many pale brown spots on the larger end of the egg.
The name commemorates the New Guinea explorer and ornithologist Richard Archbold.
Taxonomy and systematics
The species is monotypic. The species epithet archboldi is in honour of the American zoologist Richard Archbold, who participated in the Mission Zoologique Franco-Aniglo-Américaine à Madagascar, which was when this species was discovered.
Description
It is a small, short-winged, and long-legged bird with a short and slender beak. It is long and weighs . The average bill length is .
The top of the head and the upperparts are greyish brown, with a rufous wash on the forecrown and a dark rufous ring around the eyes. The central chin and throat are buffy white, along with the belly and undertail coverts. The breast and flanks are cinnamon buff. The cheeks and auriculars are greyish brown and the tail is grey brown. It has a black bill with pale yellow eyes. The species is sexually monomorphic. Juveniles have less rufous on the head, and have their greater wing coverts are also broadly tipped with rufous brown, with the secondaries edged buff.
Calls
Songs are generally made from concealed perches. Their calls have been described as "a rapid series of strong, rather low-pitched whistles". The songs are distinctive variable warbles composed of 4-5 syllables, either "tee-too tekhew” or “chichichich wit-tee tew". Other calls include “tchiew.” Songs are described as varying from individual to individual. Singing is not restricted to just the breeding season, but is also often heard outside of the breeding season.
Behaviour and ecology
The species is arboreal and moves through shrubs and low trees by hopping. It less social than the similar common newtonia, but is found in mixed species flocks of insectivores, although it is sometimes on the edges of such flocks. It often travels in family groups of 2-5 birds, either of mixed species or apart. It might be preyed on by raptors such as France's sparrowhawk that generally prey on other small birds.
Diet
The species is mainly insectivorous, feeding almost entirely on arthropods. The stomach content of observed birds has been found to consist of spiders, beetles, true bugs, termites, caterpillars, and grasshoppers.
Foraging occurs individually in the understory and midstory of the forest. They are active while foraging, hopping through the branches of shrubs and trees. They glean their prey from twigs and foliage, also sometimes taking it from bark or from the ground.
Reproduction
They are thought to be socially monogamous.
Nests have been seen from September, November, and December. Nests have been seen around above the ground in shrubs. The nests are cup-shaped and wide, with an inside diameter of and a depth of . They are made of long, fine, dry petioles, with an outer lining made of dry leaves. The nest is supported by 4 thin twigs, two of which go through the nest and two of which are attached to the nest with cobwebs. The bases of nests are unsupported by any surface.
Eggs of the species are laid in clutches of 3 eggs. They have dimensions of on average. The eggs are reddish white in colour, with several pale brown spots around the larger end of the egg. They are incubated by both sexes. Juveniles are generally seen in November-December, with some records appearing as late as May.
Distribution and habitat
The range of this species is restricted to southern Madagascar. It occurs primarily near the coast, but is also found farther inland. It has a very low population in southern Madagascar, suggesting that the species has two disjunct populations in southwestern and southeastern Madagascar. It typically occurs below , but can appear as high up a on rocky massif. It does not migrate and is resident in its range for the whole year.
It mainly inhabits spiny forests composed of Didiereaceae, Euphorbia, and baobabs, and the neighbouring scrubby vegetation. However, it does not commonly occur in coastal Euphorbia forests. It is also known to inhabit degraded deciduous broadleaved forest in the northernmost parts of its range, and is also known to locally inhabit littoral forests in parts of its range in southeastern Madagascar.
Status
The species has been assessed by the IUCN as least concern. It is fairly common throughout its range. The forests it inhabits in coastal southern Madagascar have experienced a very high rate of logging. Its population, however, appears stable.
References
Archbold's newtonia
Archbold's newtonia
Taxa named by Jean Théodore Delacour
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Not Another Christmas Song" is a song recorded by American rock band Blink-182. The song was released on December 6, 2019 through Columbia Records. The song is a downbeat objection to the Christmas and holiday season, lyrically examining the passage of time and a disintegrating relationship. It was written by bassist Mark Hoppus, guitarist Matt Skiba, drummer Travis Barker, who also produced the song. Additional songwriting was handled by Matt Malpass, Aaron Puckett, JP Clark, and Mike Skwark.
Critics were largely positive regarding the song, which did not chart commercially but peaked within Billboard national rock and holiday digital charts. Its music video was produced in claymation, and pictures the band performing for elves at the North Pole.
Background
The song was developed at Barker's studio space, Opra Studios, located in North Hollywood, California. Matt Malpass engineered the sessions. The track was composed by the band themselves, with additional songwriting from Malpass, Aaron Puckett (Lil Aaron), JP Clark, and Mike Skwark. Zakk Cervini, who had previously mixed the bulk of Blink's 2016 comeback record California, served as mix engineer.
The song is not the first by the band to focus on the holiday season, but it is the first with Skiba. The group recorded "I Won't Be Home for Christmas" in 1997 with former drummer Scott Raynor and guitarist Tom DeLonge, which was released as a single in 2001. That same year, with Barker, the band included "Happy Holidays, You Bastard" in the track listing of their fourth LP, Take Off Your Pants and Jacket. Lastly, in 2012, the band issued "Boxing Day"—the celebration taking place after Christmas—as a single to promote their Dogs Eating Dogs extended play.
Lyrically, the narrative takes the typically high-spirited holiday celebrations into a metaphor for the passage of time, as well as a relationship falling apart. In the song, Hoppus laments that "depression's such a lonely business," describing a pairing in which one partner is consistently angry and the other is often apologizing. He then has an idea for his perfect Christmas gift: "Why can't we get divorced for Christmas?" Skiba provides backing vocals, singing "fa la la" in the chorus over a chorus of sleigh bells.
Music video
The music video for the song was directed by Johnny McHone, with its animation handled by production company dreambear. The video utilizes claymation stylistically, depicting Blink members Hoppus, Barker, and Skiba performing for a group of elves in the North Pole. A series of mishaps begin, resulting in the violent, bloody death of the elves.
Reception
Barker first hinted at the song's development in a November interview. The group first teased the song on December 4, 2019, posting its single cover art on their social media accounts, followed by a proper announcement the next day. The single cover is a photograph of the clay versions of themselves from the music video, with the band name written in blood. The song was offered for download and streaming on December 6, with its music video premiering that day as well. On that date, the band also issued joint singles with DJ duo the Chainsmokers—the upbeat "P.S. I Hope You're Happy"—and a collaboration with the posthumous rapper XXXTentacion—"It's All Fading to Black". Commercially, the song failed to chart. "Not Another Christmas Song" did not enter the Alternative Songs chart compiled by Billboard, but it did peak at number 16 on the Rock Digital Song Sales chart. Likewise, it made an appearance at number 37 on the publication's Holiday Digital Song Sales chart in the week preceding Christmas.
Jon Blistein at Rolling Stone complimented the tune as "mostly vintage Blink, with chugging pop-punk riffs during the verse opening up into a full-throated chorus — although there are some expertly placed sleigh bells in the mix as well." Chris DeVille at Stereogum called it a "pretty good Blink-182 song," while Nina Corcoran, writing for online magazine Consequence of Sound, concurred: "It's a pretty good song. Apart from the oversized production, it sounds like it could have been on Take Off Your Pants and Jacket — meaning it's all jittery guitar, quick storytelling, and lyrics that mix remorse mix with youth."
Track listing
Digital download
"Not Another Christmas Song" – 2:39
Personnel
Credits adapted from the official YouTube audio.
Locations
Recorded at Opra Studios (North Hollywood, California)
Personnel
Blink-182
Matt Skiba – vocals, guitars, songwriting
Mark Hoppus – vocals, bass guitar, songwriting
Travis Barker – drums, percussion, producer
Production
Matt Malpass – songwriting, recording engineer
Zakk Cervini – mix engineer
Aaron Puckett – songwriting
JP Clark – songwriting
Mike Skwark – songwriting
Charts
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
Blink-182 songs
Songs written by Mark Hoppus
Songs written by Matt Skiba
Songs written by Travis Barker
American Christmas songs
Songs about marriage
Thunderfoot may refer to:
Nickname
Thunderf00t, the pseudonym of the British chemist and video blogger Phil Mason (born 1972)
Thunderfoot (wrestler), Joel Deaton (born 1957), American professional wrestler from the Thunderfoots
Gene Ligon, the second of the Thunderfoots; See List of former Central States Wrestling personnel
Hwang Jang-lee (born 1944), Japanese-born Korean martial artist and film actor
American football punters
Herman Weaver (born 1948)
Jerrel Wilson (1941–2005)
Lee Johnson (punter) (born 1961)
Fictional entities
Littlefoot, a character in The Land Before Time, originally called Thunderfoot
Thunderfoot, the indigenous American clan of T. Hawk in the Street Fighter series
Thunderfoot, in the list of DC Comics characters: B
Col. Thunderfoot, a rabbit colonel in List of Fables characters
Thunderfoot, a chasmosaurus in the Dinotopia series
Music
"Thunderfoot", a track on the album Sudan Village by Seals & Crofts
Thunderfoot, a Southern hard-rock band formed by Kevin Fowler
Thunderfoot, an album by Hobo Jim
See also
Thunder, in the List of Watership Down characters
Pedro Júlio Marques Ribeiro (born 8 February 1979 in Aveiro) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a right back.
External links
National team data
1979 births
Living people
People from Aveiro, Portugal
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
Rio Ave F.C. players
Boavista F.C. players
Portugal youth international footballers
Sportspeople from Aveiro District
The Roving Kind is a 1950 popular song by Jessie Cavanaugh and Arnold Stanton, both pseudonyms used by music publisher The Richmond Organisation. It was adapted from a British folk song, "The Pirate Ship". "The Roving Kind" is about a girl who is nice but a wanderer.
The best-known version was recorded by Guy Mitchell in 1950, which reached No. 4 on Billboard in December 1950. The single also reached No. 6 on the Cashbox charts the same month.
The song had first been recorded by the American folk group, The Weavers. Mitchell's jocular version followed the original sea-shanty style. Columbia's A&R director Mitch Miller followed this "folk-origin" formula for most of Mitchell's subsequent hits.
References
1950 songs
Guy Mitchell songs
The Weavers songs
Tiran, Iran is a city in Isfahan Province, Iran
Esfid () may also refer to:
Tiran, Kerman, a village in Kerman Province, Iran
Tiran, Lorestan, a village in Lorestan Province, Iran
Tiran, Mazandaran, a village in Mazandaran Province, Iran
Tiran, Razavi Khorasan, a village in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran
Tiran and Karvan County, in Isfahan Province
WELY (1450 AM) and WELY-FM (94.5 FM) are a pair of simulcast radio stations based in the small tourist destination town of Ely, Minnesota, United States. WELY serves the Boundary Waters Canoe Area and Surrounding towns and areas of northeastern Minnesota.
WELY (AM) was founded in 1954. The "front porch" studio is downtown, on E. Chapman Street. Both stations share a transmitter site south of town.
History
WELY (AM)
WELY signed on the air on October 2, 1954. WELY's first owner was Charles B. Pearson, who sold the station to WELY Corporation in 1959, and it would be operated as a side business by Vincent T. Hallett for the next 17 years. WELY changed hands again in 1963 when WELY Corporation sold the station to North Central Video, which sold the station to Northern Lakes Corporation in 1967. WELY's next owner would come in 1976, when the Northern Lakes Corporation sold it to BJL Broadcasting Corporation. In 1987, WELY suspended operations for a time due to financial difficulty, which was featured as a news story on KSTP-TV.
WELY-FM
WELY-FM signed on the air on July 25, 1992. The original callsign was KQEK, as issued on January 17, 1992, but was changed to WELY-FM on June 5, 1992.
As a pair
WELY was owned by retired CBS broadcaster Charles Kuralt from 1995 until his death on July 4, 1997. In 1999, WELY-AM-FM transferred from the estate of Suzanna Baird Kuralt to her estate's executors, Susan Bowers & Lisa Bowers White, who sold the stations to Alice L. Hill & Janice Nagel Erickson, a Twin Cities transplant. In 2005, it was purchased by the Bois Forte Band of Chippewa.
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
References
External links
Community radio stations in the United States
Radio stations in Minnesota
St. Louis County, Minnesota
Radio stations established in 1954
1954 establishments in Minnesota
Irina Olegovna Lachina (, born August 29, 1972, in Beltsy, Moldova, USSR) is a Moldovan-Russian actress, the daughter of Svetlana Toma.
born August 29 1972, in Beltsy, Moldova.
Filmography
Films
Flight Crew (2016) as passenger woman lawyer
Legend № 17 (2012) as the spectator
U Pana Boga w ogródku (2007) as Marusia
A Hídember (2002) as Crescense
Tayny dvortsovykh perevorotov (2001)
U Pana Boga za piecem (1998) as Marusia
Bluzhdayushchiye zvyozdy (1991) as Irina Toma
Television
Filipp's Bay (2006) as Veronika
Okhota na geniya (2006) as Sheyla
Dzisay (2005)
Luchshiy gorod Zemli (2003) as herself
Lyudi i teni. Film vtoroy: Opticheskiy obman (2002) as Natasha
Hellfire (1996) as young Carlotta
External links
1972 births
Living people
People from Bălți
Moldovan emigrants to Russia
Moldovan film actresses
Moldovan television actresses
Russian film actresses
Russian television actresses
Aimee Teegarden (born October 10, 1989) is an American actress, model, and producer. She starred as Julie Taylor in the NBC drama Friday Night Lights (2006–2011). In 2014, Teegarden starred as Emery Whitehill in The CW's short-lived science fiction romantic drama Star-Crossed.
Early life
Teegarden was born and raised in Downey, California, a suburb of Los Angeles. She graduated from high school through independent study at the age of sixteen.
Career
Teegarden has modeled for campaigns including Alltel, Hollister, Old Navy, Tommy Hilfiger, and YMI Jeans. She has made several television appearances including Cold Case, Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide, and Disney Channel's Hannah Montana.
Teegarden joined the cast of the NBC drama Friday Night Lights, opposite Kyle Chandler and Connie Britton, as Julie Taylor, the elder daughter of Eric Taylor (Chandler), a high school head football coach, and Tami Taylor (Britton), a high school guidance counselor. The show ran for five seasons from October 3, 2006 to February 9, 2011.
On August 24, 2007, during the Miss Teen USA 2007 pageant, Teegarden posed the question ("Recent polls have shown a fifth of Americans can't locate the U.S. on a world map. Why do you think this is?") that led to an infamous reply by contestant Caitlin Upton.
In 2009, Teegarden guest-starred in three episodes of The CW's 90210 as Rhonda, a West Beverly student who crosses paths with Ethan Ward. During the time, Teegarden guest-starred on Legend of the Seeker, portraying a teenage girl who just found out she was a confessor, and later appeared in episodes of CSI: Miami and CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.
In 2010, it was reported she had been cast to star as Amanda Miles in the Warner Premiere and Dolphin Entertainment action web series, Aim High with Jackson Rathbone.
The show discusses Facebook being the first "social series" ever created and premiered on October 18, 2011. The web series returned for the second season on December 9, 2013 on Crackle.
In 2011, Teegarden co-starred in Wes Craven's Scream 4 as horror loving high schooler, Jenny Randall featuring in the opening scene. Also in 2011, Teegarden starred opposite Thomas McDonell in the Disney film Prom as Nova Prescott, an overachieving high school senior, bound for Georgetown University after graduation, trying to put together the prom while dealing with love, heartbreak, and pressure from her parents, and falling in love with the school bad boy Jesse Richter (McDonnell). In May 2011, she was named "TV Actress of the Year" by Young Hollywood Awards for her work on Friday Night Lights. In June 2011, she signed on to co-star in the war drama Love and Honor, with Liam Hemsworth and Teresa Palmer. Teegarden also played Abby in Beneath the Darkness.
In February 2012, Teegarden was cast as America Singer in The CW pilot The Selection. However, the pilot was not picked up to air in the fall. It was reworked and expected to be picked up for a midseason replacement or the following season and the second pilot was filmed, but it was also passed by the network.
In 2014, Teegarden starred as Emery Whitehill in The CW science fiction romantic drama Star-Crossed which ran for one season. In 2017, she co-starred in F. Javier Gutiérrez's horror film Rings.
Personal life
Teegarden is a vegan. She was a member of Job's Daughters International and is a Past Honored Queen of Bethel No. 244 in Downey, California. In 2008 she was awarded "Honorary International Sweetheart of DeMolay International", a young men's group associated with Job's Daughters. She supports Oceana, a non-profit ocean advocacy group.
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1989 births
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from Los Angeles
American child actresses
American film actresses
American child models
Female models from California
American television actresses
Living people
People from Downey, California
The 21st Vietnam Film Festival was held from November 23 to November 27, 2019 in Vũng Tàu City, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu province, Vietnam, with the slogan "Building a national, humane, creative and integrated Vietnamese film industry" (Vietnamese: "Xây dựng nền công nghiệp điện ảnh Việt Nam dân tộc, nhân văn, sáng tạo và hội nhập").
Event
This is the first film festival held in Vũng Tàu city. The award system this year has not changed. Starting from the 20th Vietnam Film Festival, the organizers have emphasized the "cinematic" nature of this award by removing direct-to-video films from the award system. This film festival is completely a playground for all categories of cinema. The festival continues to have the Audience Choice Award for "Most Favorite Film" to attend the "Panorama Program" in addition to the traditional awards for outstanding individuals and cinematic works in 4 categories: Feature film; Documentary; Science film and Animated film.
In the end, 3 Golden Lotus award were given to films in categories: feature film, documentary film and animated film.
Participation
According to the regulations of the 21st Vietnam Film Festival, films participating in the festival are those that are licensed to distribute films between September 11, 2017 and September 10, 2019, using the Vietnamese language, produced by Vietnamese film establishments or in cooperation with foreign organizations, individuals and without copyright disputes.
Films participating in the 21st Vietnam Film Festival must be films that have not yet participated in the National Television Festival. Remake films (based on foreign scripts/films) can register to attend all programs of the Festival. In case the film is selected for the "In Competition" section, the awards for individual directors, actors, cinematographers, painters, sound, music, except for films and screenplay writers will be considered.
The total number of films approved for the "In Competition" section this year is 74 films belonging to 4 film genres: 16 feature films, 29 documentaries, 9 science films, and 20 animated films. In addition, the section "Panorama Program" showcases 14 feature films and 16 documentaries.
Jury
The jury panels of the 21st Vietnam Film Festival were announced on November 8.
Accordingly, the jury in the Feature Film category consists of 9 members:
Doctor Trần Luân Kim, Former President of Vietnam Cinema Association (Head)
Actress/producer Trương Ngọc Ánh
Screenwriter Hoàng Nhuận Cầm
Director Bùi Tuấn Dũng
Journalist Hữu Việt
Director Lê Thanh Sơn
Composer Trọng Đài
Painter Nguyễn Trung Phan
Cinematographer Nguyễn Nam
In the Documentary - Science category, the jury consists of 7 members:
Director Lê Hồng Chương (Head)
Journalist Trần Việt Văn
Journalist Đinh Trọng Tuấn
Director Vũ Hoài Nam
Screenwriter Nguyễn Thu Dung
Director/journalist Tô Hoàng
Director Nguyễn Tường Phương
The jury of the Animated category consists of 5 members:
Animator Nguyễn Thị Phương Hoa (Head)
Master Nguyễn Quang Trung
Composer Phạm Ngọc Khôi
Journalist Chu Thu Hằng
Animator Đỗ Lệnh Hùng Tú
Activities
Film week to celebrate the 21st Vietnam Film Festival takes place from November 6 to 12, 2019 in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City. Film Week is chaired by the Cinema Department (Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism), in collaboration with the National Cinema Center and Dcine Joint Stock Company. The opening ceremony of Film Week will take place on the evening of November 6 at the National Cinema Center, 87 Láng Hạ street, Ba Đình district, which is also a movie screening venue of Hanoi. Audiences in Ho Chi Minh City can watch movies at Dcine Bến Thành Cinema, 06 Mạc Đĩnh Chi street, Bến Nghé Ward, District 1. Each film will be screened once a week. 2 invitations is maximum for an audience. Invitation to see the film has been sent by the Cinema Department to the movie screening locations.
From November 23, the Film Festival officially started with many activities to praise and introduce to the public Vietnamese cinematic works imbued with national identity, rich in humanity, with creative imprints; honoring film artists with outstanding artistic achievements. The schedule of activities of the festival is as follows:
November 23:
Offering incense and visiting Martyrs' Monument in Vũng Tàu City, 7:30.
Opening of the photo exhibition "Vietnam's seas and islands through a cinematic perspective" (Vietnamese: "Biển đảo Việt Nam qua góc nhìn điện ảnh"). It starts at 9:00 in the Revolutionary Traditional House, 01 Bacu Street, Vũng Tàu City).
Press conference before the opening of the Film Festival (10:30, at Pullman Vung Tau Hotel).
The opening ceremony of the 21st Vietnam Film Festival (20:00, at Pullman Vung Tau Hotel).
November 24:
Seminar on "Film scene in Vietnam" (Vietnamese: "Bối cảnh quay phim tại Việt Nam"). It takes place at 9:00 in Pullman Hotel.
Exchange of film artists with the audience and students (14:00, at the Provincial Youth Cultural House).
November 25:
Seminar "Improving the quality of Vietnamese cinema in international integration" (Vietnamese: "Nâng cao chất lượng điện ảnh Việt Nam trong hội nhập quốc tế"). It takes place at 9:00 in Pullman Hotel.
Exchange of film artists with soldiers of the armed forces (14:00, at the Provincial Youth Cultural House).
November 26:
Program to visit the scenic spots of Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu province (from 8:00 to 16:00).
Rehearsal of Closing and Awards Ceremony (18:00, at Pullman Vung Tau Hotel).
November 27:
Closing and awarding ceremony of the 21st Vietnam Film Festival (20:00, at Pullman Vung Tau hotel).
During the festival, the cinematographic works of the contest will be screened for free for the audience at cinemas: Lotte Cinema Vũng Tàu (Lotte Mart supermarket, 3/2 street, Vũng Tàu City), CGV Lam Sơn Square (09, Le Lợi street, Vũng Tàu City), CGV Lapen Center (30A, 30/4 street, Vũng Tàu City) and Bà Rịa Cinema (320, Cách Mạng Tháng Tám street, Bà Rịa City). Audiences can come to the above cinemas to receive free movie tickets.
The opening and closing ceremonies were broadcast live on channels: Culture and Tourism TV channel (Vietnam Journey), VTC1, VTC9 and VOV3.
Official Selection
Feature film
In Competition
Highlighted title indicates Golden Lotus winner.
Panorama Program
Highlighted title indicates the most favorite film voted by the audience.
Awards
Feature film
Documentary/Science film
Documentary film
Science film
Animated film
References
Vietnam Film Festival
Vietnam Film Festival
Vietnam Film Festival
2019 in Vietnam
November 2019 events in Vietnam
Ian Frederick Adukwei Hesse, is a Ghanaian academic, physician and a Presbyterian minister. He was on the faculty at the Department of Physiology at the University of Ghana Medical School, a consultant physician as well as a co-founder and the Vice President of Accra College of Medicine. He was formerly assistant secretary and later vice-president of the Ghana Medical Association. He is an ordained minister of the Presbyterian Church of Ghana. He is involved in prison reform and ministry in Ghana.
Early life and education
A member of the notable Hesse family, Hesse had his secondary education at Achimota School from 1965 to 1971, where he obtained his GCE Ordinary and Advanced Level certificates. He entered the University of Ghana Medical School directly without a pre-medical course due to his superior performance in the final examinations. He obtained his Bachelor of Science in physiology in 1975, and his bachelor of medicine and bachelor of surgery (MBChB) certificate in 1978. While at the University of Ghana Medical School, he served as secretary of the Ghana Medical School Students Association and actively participated in demonstrations organised by student bodies opposing the "unigov" concept of governance during the Acheampong regime. He enrolled at the University of Birmingham, Birmingham, United Kingdom in 1980 and was awarded his doctorate degree (PhD) in 1983.
Career
Academic
He returned to Ghana after his stint in the United Kingdom and joined the staff of the University of Ghana Medical School as a lecturer in the Physiology department and the department of Medicine and Therapeutics. In 1995 he was promoted to senior lecturer status at the departments of Physiology, and Medicine and Therapeutics. A year later he was made head of the Physiology department of the University of Ghana Medical School. He served in that capacity for two years. He became an associate professor of Physiology, and Medicine and Therapeutics from 2002 until 2005 when he became a chief executive of the Executive Healthcare and Consult. He subsequently became a part-time lecturer (associate professor) at the Physiology, and Medicine and Therapeutics department of the University of Ghana Medical School. He co-established and is currently the vice-president of the Accra College of Medicine.
Medical profession
He worked in various hospitals after completing his graduate studies at the University of Birmingham until 1987 when he officially became a member of the Royal College of Surgeons, London. Upon his return to Ghana in 1988 he joined the Department of Medicine at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital as a consultant physician. A year later he was made assistant secretary of the Ghana Medical Association, he served in that capacity until 1992. In 1995 he was vice-president of the association and head of the chest department at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, a position he held for three years. That same year, he joined the National Tuberculosis Program as a member of its advisory board. In 1999 he became a member of the Technical Working Group of the National Tuberculosis Control Programme. In 2005 he became the Chief Executive of the Executive Health Care and Consult. He is the founder of the Ghana Asthma Society.
Ministry
Adukwei trained as a pastor at the Ramseyer Training Centre in Abetifi, Kwahu. He completed his training in 1996 and was ordained a minister by the Presbyterian Church of Ghana. He is the national leader of the Prison Ministry of Ghana, He also pastors a Presbyterian church in Accra. He was a member of the Accra Ridge Church.
Selected publications
His research interests encompass areas of hypertension, asthma and tuberculosis and has authored and co-authored various articles that have been published in journals such as the Ghana Medical Journal and the West African Medical Journal concerning these topics. Some of his works include;
(contrib.) Knowledge of asthma and its management in newly qualified doctors in Accra, Ghana, 1995
(contrib.) Impairment of renal sodium excretion in tropical residents - Phenomenological analysis, 1999
(contrib.) Characteristics of adult tetanus in Accra, 2003;
(contrib.) Blood pressure response to out-patient drug treatment of hypertension in 1973 - 1993 at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, Accra, Ghana, (2003)
(contrib.) The characteristics, knowledge, beliefs and practices of parent/guardians of children with asthma in Accra, Ghana, 2004;
(contrib.) A tuberculin skin test survey among Ghanaian school children., 2010
(contrib.) First Nationwide Survey of the Prevalence of TB/HIV Co-Infection in Ghana, 2018
Honours
For his services to the Ghana Medical Association, the medical profession and the Ghana at large; he was made a Fellow of the Ghana Medical Association, the highest award of the association.
Personal life
He is married to Dr. Afua Adwo Jectey Hesse; a surgeon and a gender advocate and they have four children. She was formerly the chief executive officer of the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital. Some of Adukwei's interests include music. He played viola for the Achimota School Ochestra. He was also a member of the Aggrey Memorial Chapel Choir at Achimota School, and the Accra Ridge Church Choir.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Ghanaian educators
Alumni of Achimota School
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Ga-Adangbe people
Ghanaian chaplains
Ghanaian Christians
Ghanaian people of Danish descent
Ghanaian people of German descent
Ghanaian Presbyterians
Ghanaian Protestants
Hesse family of Ghana
Living people
University of Ghana Medical School faculty
University of Ghana Medical School alumni
Ghanaian clergy
Ibrahima Traoré (born 21 April 1988) is a professional footballer who plays as a left winger.
Coming through the youth system, Traoré began his senior career with French amateur club Levallois in 2005. He moved to Germany one year later, playing for Hertha BSC's reserve team Hertha BSC II. Following a season at FC Augsburg in 2009–10, Traoré joined VfB Stuttgart. He remained for four seasons, before moving to Borussia Mönchengladbach in 2014.
Born in France, Traoré was eligible to represent Guinea internationally through his father. He made his debut in 2010, and played for Guinea in three Africa Cups of Nations tournaments (2012, 2015 and 2019).
Early life
Traoré was born in Villepinte, France, to a Guinean father and a Lebanese mother.
Club career
Early career
Traoré played youth football with Charenton and Levallois. He made his senior debut with Levallois in the Championnat de France Amateurs 2, before being transferred to German club Hertha BSC on 1 January 2007, making his Bundesliga debut for them on 9 December 2007, against 1. FC Nürnberg.
FC Augsburg
On 5 March, Traoré began a trial with FC Augsburg, signing a two-year contract with them on 14 July 2009.
VfB Stuttgart
In May 2011, it was announced that Traoré would move to VfB Stuttgart at the end of the 2010–11 season.
In December 2013, Traoré stated that he had turned down offers from a number of English clubs over the summer.
Borussia Mönchengladbach
In April 2014, it was announced that Traoré would sign for Borussia Mönchengladbach at the start of the 2014–15 season.
On 8 August 2015, he marked his season debut by scoring in a 4–1 win at FC St. Pauli in the first round of the DFB-Pokal.
In May 2017, he signed a new contract with Borussia Mönchengladbach, lasting until 2021. He made his 100th competitive appearance for the club in October the following year, after coming on as a substitute in a 4–0 win over Mainz.
International career
Traoré made his international debut for Guinea on 11 August 2010, against Mali. Guinea won the match 2–0, with Traoré scoring Guinea's second goal. In the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification on 8 October 2011, Traoré scored in the last game of group B against Nigeria a last-second equalizer in the 90+12-minute, meaning Guinea's qualification for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations. In November 2014, concerns were raised about Traoré playing for Guinea due to the ongoing Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
He was selected to Guinea's squad for the 2015 African Cup of Nations and scored the team's equaliser in a 1–1 draw with Cameroon at the group stage. After the tournament, he took a break from international football, returning in March 2016.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Guinea's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Traoré goal.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Villepinte, Seine-Saint-Denis
Footballers from Seine-Saint-Denis
Association football wingers
Citizens of Guinea through descent
Guinea international footballers
French footballers
Guinean footballers
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
VfB Stuttgart players
Hertha BSC players
Hertha BSC II players
FC Augsburg players
Levallois SC players
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Guinean people of Lebanese descent
French sportspeople of Guinean descent
French people of Lebanese descent
Sportspeople of Lebanese descent
2012 Africa Cup of Nations players
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
2019 Africa Cup of Nations players
French expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Germany
French expatriate footballers
Guinean expatriate footballers
Black French sportspeople
Ysgol Clywedog (English: meaning Clywedog School), is a comprehensive secondary school which serves parts of the city of Wrexham in north-east Wales, in the community of Offa.
Ysgol Clywedog is located in the south-west suburbs of Wrexham. The school was named after the nearby River Clywedog, in a competition open to the public, with the final name approved by governors of the school.
History
In 2001, Wrexham County Borough Council decided to reorganise the secondary schools of Wrexham to solve the problem of surplus places and to update ageing infrastructure by merging the three city schools. The Groves High School, St Davids High School and Ysgol Bryn Offa were closed in July 2003. This was opposed by several staff, parents and pupils of all three schools, and a petition bearing more than 1000 names was made during 2002. The Welsh Assembly Government reinforced the local councils decision. In 2003 two new schools were established on the sites of St.Davids and Bryn Offa. In the same year work began on the new schools. The Groves site was used to house Rhosnesni High School in 2003/04 and Ysgol Clywedog in 2004/05
Both Ysgol Clywedog and Rhosnesni High School were dubbed "super" schools by the media and the local council and were designed to cater for 1200 pupils each.
Performance
In March 2013 it was announced that the school had been put into special measures due to poor performance. The Estyn (the equivalent of Ofsted in England)January 2013 report, said that the school was 'Unsatisfactory' in several areas, the worst of the four judgement grades that could be used
By March 2015 the school was removed from special measures following significant improvements in exam results and the quality of teaching. The school achieved record exam results in 2014 and 2015. It was chosen as one of the 40 'Pathway to Success' participants in the Schools Challenge Cymru; a programme designed for schools anticipated to have the best potential to deliver swift and positive improvements for learners.
References
External links
BBC News: 'Super schools' (overspend) funding approved
BBC News: 'Super' schools plan given green light
Secondary schools in Wrexham County Borough
The MS Melbourne Summer Cycle is a social ride held in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Whilst not a condition of entry, all participants are encouraged to fundraise. All money raised helps people living with multiple sclerosis. MS Australia (Multiple Sclerosis).
There are two course options - the 30 km and 50 km routes both taking in the sights of Melbourne city centre and crossing over the West Gate Bridge. Starting and finishing at Princes Park, Carlton. The first event was held in 2007, since then thousands of people have participated.
Cyclists can enter as a team or individual. The start is staggered and participants can select to start at 7:00am, 7:20am, 7:40am or 8:00am. Depending on how quickly you cycle and how many stops you make along the way it will take between 1.5 and 4 hours to complete. There are three official rest stops on the course and all participants must adhere to Victorian road rules at all times.
In 2015, the MS Melbourne Cycle raised almost $500,000 for people living with multiple sclerosis.
References
External links
Cycling in Melbourne
Cycling events in Victoria
The College Ground is a cricket ground in the grounds of Cheltenham College in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England. Gloucestershire County Cricket Club have played more than 300 first-class and more than 70 List A match there. It also hosted a women's One-Day International between England and Australia in 2005.
The College Ground first hosted first-class cricket in 1872 when Gloucestershire played Surrey; Gloucestershire won the game by an innings and 37 runs thanks largely to W. G. Grace's match haul of 12–63. In August 1876, Grace became the first man to score a triple century in a county match when he hit 318 not out against Yorkshire; he had made the first triple hundred in all first-class cricket for the Gentlemen of Marylebone Cricket Club at Canterbury just one week earlier.
The Cheltenham Cricket Festival, held during the school holidays, has been a part of Gloucestershire's season ever since the 1870s.
See also
List of cricket grounds in England and Wales
Notes
External links
College Ground, Cheltenham at CricketArchive
College Ground, Cheltenham at Cricinfo
Cricket grounds in Gloucestershire
Sports venues in Cheltenham
High Zero is an annual festival, beginning in 1999, of Experimental Free Improvised Music in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is hosted by the Red Room Collective, a volunteer group that sponsors weekly concerts in improvised music and experimental theater, film, poetry, etc. in a side room of Normals Books and Records. Since 2001, the festival has been hosted at Baltimore's Theatre Project space.
The festival focuses on non-idiomatic improvisation, vocal improvisation, instrument building, electronics, sound art, and community events. The main theatre-based performances aim to bring together improvisers who typically have never played together previously into novel live situations in front of festival audiences, creating, potentially, a new experience for both audience and performer.
High Zero draws from a large, international base of improvisors of many backgrounds, but traditionally gives half of the invitations for performance to Baltimore-based musicians.
High Jinx, a part of the festival focused on site-specific and community events, is a unique appendix to the festival. Typical events include a musical bike ride, an invented instrument band, a parade through Fells Point, and other outdoor performances.
The festival has yielded six CDs on the Recorded label, each based around a particular performer (in order of release: Carol Genetti, Joe McPhee, Katt Hernandez, Jack Wright, Oleyumi Thomas and Neil Feather), which have, as a result of the festival's format, yielded documents of scarcely documented performers, including John Berndt, Paul Hoskins, John Dierker, Jason Willett, Chet Pancake, James Coleman, Sean Meehan, Michael Johnsen, Jerry Lim, Ian Nagoski, Dan Breen, Dave Gross, Andy Hayleck, Helena Espvall, Evan Rapport, Keenan Lawler, Christopher Meeder, and Jim Baker.
Notable performers
In 2005, Phil Minton, an internationally known vocal improvisor, performed and directed a Feral Choir at the festival.
External links
High Zero Website
The Red Room
Baltimore's Theatre Project
Phil Minton Discography
Music festivals in Maryland
Festivals in Baltimore
Hattie Kragten is a Canadian actress. She is known for her roles in Snoopy in Space and Abby Hatcher.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
Living people
21st-century Canadian actresses
Canadian child actresses
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Canadian voice actresses
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Browns may refer to:
Shades of brown of the color brown
Places
In the United States
Browns, Alabama, an unincorporated community
Browns, Illinois, a village
Browns, Boone County, Missouri, an unincorporated community
Browns, Scott County, Missouri, an unincorporated community
Browns, Ohio, an unincorporated community
Browns Lake (disambiguation)
Elsewhere
Browns, New Zealand, a village in New Zealand's Southland Region
Sports
Cleveland Browns, a National Football League team based in Cleveland, Ohio
Cleveland Browns (baseball), a Negro league baseball team
St. Louis Browns, a former Major League Baseball team now known as the Baltimore Orioles
Enterprise Browns, defunct Minor league baseball team
Other
Browns (fashion boutique), a shop in Mayfair, London
Browns of Chester, a department store in Chester, England
Browns of York, a department store in York, England
The Browns, a country music group of the 1950s and '60s
The 5 Browns, a piano quintet of 5 siblings
Satyrinae, a subfamily of butterflies commonly called the browns
Edward and Elaine Brown, tax protesters
The Browns, a comedy web series starring Tammie Brown
See also
Brown (disambiguation)
Browning (disambiguation)
Avoca Lodge, known as The Molly Brown Summer House, is a Registered Historic Place in southwest Denver, Colorado near Bear Creek. The home served as a summer retreat for philanthropist, socialite, and activist Margaret Brown and her husband James Joseph Brown. Brown was known as "The Unsinkable Molly Brown" because she survived the sinking of the RMS Titanic. It is open to the public for rental and tours.
References
External links
Molly Brown Summer House
National Register of Historic Places, Colorado, Denver
National Register of Historic Places in Denver
Houses in Denver
Historic house museums in Colorado
Museums in Denver
Houses completed in 1897
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
James Joseph Brown family residences
The crimson-rumped myzomela (Myzomela eichhorni) or yellow-vented myzomela, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to the Western Province (Solomon Islands).
References
crimson-rumped myzomela
Birds of the Western Province (Solomon Islands)
crimson-rumped myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tumua ma Puleono is a political party in Samoa. The party is named for the traditional honorifics of Upolu and Savaii, the two main islands of Samoa. Its secretary is John Peterson.
The party opposes controversial constitutional amendments proposed by the Human Rights Protection Party government of Tuilaepa Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi and advocates for a greater voice for non-matai. It intends to contest the April 2021 Samoan general election. As of 29 August 2020 the party had recruited three candidates to contest seats for it.
On 2 September 2020 the party announced it would join forces with the Faatuatua i le Atua Samoa ua Tasi and Samoa National Democratic Party parties to contest the 2021 election. SNDP and Tumua ma Puleono candidates will run under the FAST banner, with only one candidate in each constituency.
References
Political parties in Samoa
Political parties established in 2020
Carenum subcostatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1865.
References
subcostatum
Beetles described in 1865
Tiento (, ) is a musical genre originating in Spain in the mid-15th century. It is formally analogous to the fantasia (fantasy), found in England, Germany, and the Low Countries, and also the ricercare, first found in Italy. By the end of the 16th century the tiento was exclusively a keyboard form, especially of organ music. It continued to be the predominant form in the Spanish organ tradition through the time of Cabanilles, and developed many variants. Additionally, many 20th-century composers have written works entitled "tiento".
Name
The word derives from the Spanish verb tentar (meaning either to touch, to tempt or to attempt), and was originally applied to music for various instruments. In the early eighteenth century, some composers also used the term obra, originally a more general term meaning "work", to refer to this genre.
Formal aspects
The tiento is formally extraordinarily diverse, more a set of guidelines than a rigid structural model such as fugue or rondo. Nearly all tientos are imitative to some degree, though not as complex or developed as the fugue. This has led to their being associated with the other embryonic imitative forms cited above. Similarly, it is difficult to assign a single texture to the form, since it underwent a considerable amount of evolution from its inception to its decline in the late 18th century. The earliest tientos (such as those of Cabezón) were stylistically quite close to the ricercare in their extended use of the strict, motet-style counterpoint. Later (especially in the works of Cabanilles), tientos would frequently alternate between the older style of strict counterpoint, and virtuosic, affective figuration typical of the toccata and some fantasias. The evolution of the form was in part conditioned by the evolution of the Spanish organ, and it eventually came to include several variants or sub-forms, several of which are listed below:
Tiento de medio registro: A tiento making use of the split keyboard, frequently found on Spanish organs from the mid-16th century on. The split keyboard refers to an organ manual where ranks of pipes may be engaged for half the keyboard, as opposed to the entire compass, which is the norm. This enables the player to utilize different sounds on the same keyboard, generally a solo sound and an accompaniment sound, though occasionally two sounds of equal strength. The tiento de medio registro figures prominently in the oeuvres of Correa de Arauxo, Aguilera de Heredia, and Bruna.
Tiento de lleno: The opposite of the tiento de medio registro; a tiento played on one sound (full register).
Tiento de falsas: A tiento making frequent use of dissonance, so as to achieve particularly dramatic effect. "Falsas" refers to "false notes," or dissonant tones not part of the current mode or key. It is similar to the Italian idea of Durezze e ligature (consonance and dissonance).
Tiento pleno: an irregular tiento consisting of three sections: a prelude, fugue, and postlude. It has more in common with the German praeludium than with other tientos.
Composers
Antonio de Cabezón (1510–1566)
António Carreira (ca. 1520/30– fl. 1587/97)
Bernardo Clavijo de Castillo (1545–1626)
Manuel Rodrigues Coelho (1555–1635)
Sebastián Aguilera de Heredia (1561–1627)
Francisco de Peraza (1564–1598)
Gaspar Fernandes (1566–1629)
Estacio de Lacerna (ca. 1570–after 1616)
Francisco Correa de Arauxo (1584–1654)
José Ximénez (1601–1672)
José Perandreu (fl. mid–17th century)
Pablo Bruna (1611–1679)
Juan Cabanilles (1644–1712)
Contemporary composers
Jean Langlais (1907–1991): includes a tiento as movement 2 of his Suite Médiévale (1947)
Maurice Ohana (1913–1992): composed a Tiento for guitar (1957)
Benet Casablancas (1956) has recently (2012) written a Tiento for organ based on the Lutheran chorale Frisch auf, mein' Seel', verzage nichte a part of the Orgelbüchlein Project.
Carlotta Ferrari (1975) has published three Tientos for Organ: Tiento de lleno, Tiento de falsas and Tiento de batalla (IMSLP 2015).
Notes
References
Willi Apel. The History of Keyboard Music to 1700. Translated by Hans Tischler. Indiana University Press, 1972. . Originally published as Geschichte der Orgel- und Klaviermusik bis 1700 by Bärenreiter-Verlag, Kassel.
Renaissance music
Spanish dances
Spanish music
Camille Godart station is located on ligne of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation
The station is located on Emile Counord avenue in Bordeaux.
Junctions
Buses of the TBC:
Close by
Église Notre-Dame des Chartrons
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Tram stops in Bordeaux
Railway stations in France opened in 2007
The body of water named Lake Placid is a lake in the Adirondack Mountains in northern New York, the United States. It is on the northern side of the Village of Lake Placid.
Geography
The lake is approximately , and has an average depth of about . It is located in the towns of North Elba and St. Armand, both in Essex County.
There are three islands on Lake Placid, named Buck, Moose, and Hawk.
Conservation
The lake borders the northern part of the village of Lake Placid, and is a source of drinking water for the town. Maintaining water quality in the lake is a major local issue. The lake is fed by springs and Adirondacks mountain streams. There are nearly 300 houses on the lake shore. Because most of the houses are unoccupied much of the year, the water usually remains clean.
Local efforts to combat aquatic invasive species have been successful. They are supported by a boat cleaning station where powerboats are put into the water.
The lake has produced record lake trout.
See also
Adirondack Park
References
Image gallery
Placid, Lake
Adirondacks
Adirondack Park
Placid
Tourist attractions in Essex County, New York
Richard Cowe was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1219.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Killing Machine is the fifth studio album by English heavy metal band Judas Priest, released on 9 October 1978 by Columbia Records. The album pushed the band towards a more commercial style while still featuring the dark lyrical themes of their previous albums. At about the same time, the band members adopted their now-famous "leather-and-studs" fashion image, inspired by Rob Halford's interest in
leather culture. It is the band's last studio album to feature drummer Les Binks. In the United States, it was released with a different track listing as Hell Bent for Leather due to controversy over the Cleveland Elementary School shooting.
International and American versions
The album was retitled Hell Bent for Leather for its US release in early 1979, because the US branch of Columbia did not like the "murderous implications" of the title. Both album titles are drawn from the titles of songs on the album with "The Green Manalishi (With the Two Prong Crown)", an early Fleetwood Mac cover, being added to the US release.
The album was also pressed in red vinyl in the UK.
Overview
With Killing Machine, Judas Priest began moving to a more accessible, commercial format that abandoned the complex, fantasy-themed songs of their previous three albums. While this album still had dark undertones, it was more grounded in realism. This was reflected in their change of stage costumes from flowing Gothic robes to leather, but was also a reaction to the rising punk and new wave movements. K. K. Downing had expressed doubts about the new wave of British heavy metal stating "everybody was totally dedicated to having their own show, their own images". Priest were part of the influence on the NWOBHM, but not part of it. The band's new, simpler sound was the result of several factors, including a desire to compete with punk rock, produce songs that were easier to perform live, and also appeal more to American audiences. Tracks such as "Burnin' Up" and "Evil Fantasies" are replete with S&M themes while "Running Wild" is about late-night partying and "Before the Dawn" a depressing ballad. "Hell Bent for Leather" reflected their newly adopted leather costumes as well as Rob Halford's soon-to-be-trademark entrances on stage in a Harley-Davidson motorcycle.
The single "Take on the World" was an attempt at producing a stadium shoutalong tune in the mould of Queen's "We Will Rock You", and was also covered by new wave band The Human League on their 1980 tour. The lyrics were simplified a bit from the band's previous albums and adapted more into mainstream arena rock, but the instruments retained their characteristic aggressiveness with heavier guitar riffing and elements of blues influence returned on some songs. The album is certified gold by the RIAA. Finally, the production of Killing Machine was markedly improved from Judas Priest's earlier albums, which were criticized for having excessively flat sound, and would be further refined for their next and breakthrough album, British Steel.
"Hell Bent For Leather", and "The Green Manalishi" were the two songs from Killing Machine which became standard parts of the band's live setlist, with the other songs being performed rarely ("Evil Fantasies", "Running Wild", "Rock Forever and "Take On the World") or not at all. "Running Wild" and "Delivering The Goods" became regulars on the Firepower tour setlists in 2018 after not being played since 1980, and the title track returned to the band's setlists at a show in Paris in January 2019 after being absent for 40 years.
Reissues
The album was remastered in 2001, with two bonus tracks added (three in the UK). The bonus track "Fight for Your Life" was the "original" version of Judas Priest's "Rock Hard Ride Free" from their Defenders of the Faith album. "The Green Manalishi (With the Two-Pronged Crown)" is considered a bonus track on the UK remaster, but a regular track on the U.S. version.
In 2010, audiophile label Audio Fidelity released a limited-edition 24-karat gold CD of Hell Bent for Leather. Mastering was done by Steve Hoffman. This does not contain the bonus tracks from the 2001 edition.
Recording and production
This is the first Judas Priest album where Glenn Tipton incorporated the guitar technique of tapping into his soloing style, which had been popularized by Eddie Van Halen earlier that year with the release of Van Halen's popular debut album. This can be heard in the solos of "Hell Bent for Leather" and "Killing Machine".
This is also the final studio album for drummer Les Binks who had joined the band in early 1977 in time for the Sin After Sin tour; he is credited with helping develop the traditional Priest percussive sound. Binks are dropped and replaced by drummer Dave Holland after the 1979 tour because of a financial disagreement where the band's manager Mike Dolan wanted Binks to "waive his fees" for performing on the platinum selling 1979 Unleashed in the East live album.
Critical reception
In 2005, Killing Machine was ranked number 321 in Rock Hard magazine's book of The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time. This album, as well as subsequent albums by the band, have somewhat divided fans, with some preferring the complexity and darkness of the early albums, while others prefer the more mainstream and polished later albums.
In popular culture
The song "Hell Bent for Leather" is featured in Ari Gold's 2008 film Adventures of Power, the 2004 episode of the sitcom That '70s Show entitled "Surprise, Surprise" and also featured in 2009 game Guitar Hero: Metallica.
Track listing
Personnel
Judas Priest
Rob Halford – vocals
K. K. Downing – guitars
Glenn Tipton – guitars, keyboards on "Before the Dawn"
Ian Hill – bass except "Take on the World"
Les Binks – drums
Additional Musician
Dave Holland – drums (Tracks 12-13)
Production
Produced by James Guthrie and Judas Priest
Engineered by James Guthrie, assisted by Damian Korner, Andrew Jackson, Kevin Dallimore, and Andrew Clark
Cover design by Rosław Szaybo
Photography by Bob Elsdale
Charts
Certifications
|-
References
1978 albums
Albums produced by James Guthrie (record producer)
Columbia Records albums
Judas Priest albums
Pleuranthodium peekelii is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Theodoric Valeton, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Pleuranthodium peekelii is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
peekelii
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
Defending champions Esther Vergeer and Sharon Walraven defeated Jiske Griffioen and Aniek van Koot in the final, 6–4, 3–6, 7–5 to win the ladies' doubles wheelchair tennis title at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships. It was their third step towards an eventual Grand Slam, and Vergeer completed the triple career Grand Slam with the win.
Seeds
Esther Vergeer / Sharon Walraven (champions)
Jiske Griffioen / Aniek van Koot (final)
Draw
Finals
External links
Draw
Women's Wheelchair Doubles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Wheelchair women's doubles
Charles Eugene, 2nd Duke of Arenberg (1633–1681), a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece since 1678, became 2nd Duke of Arenberg in 1674 on the death of his half-brother Philippe François, 1st Duke of Arenberg. The original title had been awarded on 6 June 1644, by Habsburg Emperor Ferdinand III, Holy Roman Emperor, making the principality of Arenberg a dukedom of the Austrian Empire..
He married Marie-Henriette de Cusance, marquise de Varambon in 1660. Their two sons Philippe Charles François, 3rd Duke of Arenberg and Alexandre, fell in battle in 1691 and 1683 respectively. He was Grand-Bailli and Capitaine-Général of Hainaut.
See also
List of Knights of the Golden Fleece
Further reading
http://www.arenbergfoundation.eu The Arenberg archives, a family with very strong Flemish roots, quite important in Imperial Spain and later in the Holy Roman Empire, are located for the most part in Arras, Brussels, Cambrai, Coblenz, Douai, Düsseldorf, Enghien, Louvain, Osnabrück, Paris, Salzburg and Vienna.
House of Ligne
Arenberg family
Dukes of Arenberg
Dukes of Aarschot
Knights of the Golden Fleece
1633 births
1681 deaths
Panyit from the kindred Hahót (; died after 1272) was a Hungarian robber baron, who became infamous for his violent actions and plunderings against neighboring estates in the 1250s and 60s.
Family background
Panyit was born into the gens Hahót as one of the three sons of Arnold I, who founded a monastery in Hahót, Zala County, dedicated to Saint Margaret. Panyit had two brothers, Arnold II, who served as Palatine of Hungary for a short time in 1242, and Keled I, the ancestor of the Hahóti noble family. Panyit had two children from his unidentified wife, including James, who held the dignity of Master of the stewards for Queen Dowager Elizabeth the Cuman in 1280.
According to a royal charter from 1259, a talented soldier and aspiring courtly knight, Reynold Básztély intended to marry Panyit's unidentified daughter, however the wealthy lord refused to consent, referring to that the young noble did not have enough possessions to repay the dowry later. Historian Attila Zsoldos also argued Panyit considered the marriage proposal as morganatic, as Reynold came from a kindred which belonged to the lower nobility in Esztergom County. However Duke Stephen, to benefit his loyal soldier, donated lands to Reynold to neutralize Panyit's argument, who also received the estates of Söjtör and Csesztve in Zala County, which then was attached to the Duchy of Styria, as part of Stephen's realm.
Crimes and offenses
Panyit became infamous for his violent actions and plunderings against neighboring estates in the 1250s and 60s, taking advantage of the emerging tensions between King Béla IV of Hungary and his son, Duke Stephen. In order to acquire his land, Panyit captured and imprisoned one of his neighbors, Gregory, son of Iharos in 1254. In the next year, Béla IV fined Panyit thirty denaries for this violent act and forgery of document issued by Judge royal Henry Kőszegi, who sentenced in favour of Gregory during a lawsuit. In the same time, Panyit suppressed an uprising in his estate of Nick, sparked by cruel treatment and harassment of local castle folks by Panyit, who ignored their privileges.
After 1260, he was embroiled in conflict with sons of the late Ebed Ják, also ancestors of the prestigious Niczky (Nicki) noble family. He also harassed the lands of other local nobles, including Gregory Andi and Izsép Sukoródi. As a result, Béla IV sentenced confiscation of his lands (including Nick). In response, Panyit left Béla's realm and took an oath of allegiance to Duke Stephen. Although a joint court of Béla and Stephen also ruled against Panyit, the noble presented himself as victim of a political persecution, and procured a document from Duke Stephen in early October 1264, which set down the duke's promise that he will invalidate the judgment and return the confiscated lands to Panyit after the accession to the Hungarian throne.
Following a brief civil war, Béla was forced to accept the authority of Stephen at the eastern part of the realm. On 23 March 1266, father and son confirmed the peace in the Convent of the Blessed Virgin on the 'Rabbits' Island. In accordance with the peace treaty, Panyit, as Duke Stephen's "supporter", also received amnesty from Béla in exchange for a promise to abandon the trespass against local landowners. However Panyit did not fulfill the promise and ousted the Ják brothers from their land both in 1266 and 1267, also preventing the on-site inspection of the royal judges. On 15 September 1267, six appointed noble judges at the royal court, including his own cousin, the influential Csák Hahót ordered the enforcement and implementation of the previous sentence, declaring Panyit as "disruptive and common bandit". As a result, in the next few days, Béla ordered the confiscation of lands Nick and László (in Sopron County) from Panyit, in addition to his apprehension. To avoid imprisonment, Panyit appeared in court before Judge royal Ernye Ákos on 14 March 1268, and ceded Nick and some other lands in Somogy County to the Ják brothers. Recognizing the gesture, Béla IV returned other estates from Somogy County to Panyit in September 1268.
However Panyit only wanted to gain time with this act. In June 1269, his soldiers pestered and invaded the adjacent lands, and brutally massacred the local serf families. Gregory Andi and his son, in addition to a relative of Kemény Ják were also ruthlessly murdered having after their tongues cut out. The elderly Béla could no longer deal with the case. His son, Stephen V ascended the throne in May 1270. Despite his promise from 1264, the new monarch launched an investigation, and after having given the truth of the accusations, he ordered a trial by combat to 6 October 1270. However Panyit once again came to an agreement with his enemies and paid 170 denari compensation for the three counts of murder, damages and destructions. In 1272, he also handed over the lands Sukoró and Aszivágy as compensation. This is the last information about him.
References
Sources
13th-century Hungarian people
Panyit
Hungarian criminals
Robbers
Aunty Green Hotel is a historic building located in Bonaparte, Iowa, United States. The hotel was built by John Green in 1844. His wife Mary continued to operate the hotel for many years after his death, and that what gave the business its name. It was the second hotel established in town, and it is believed to be the first brick building constructed in Bonaparte. Other businesses that have been housed in this building include a photography studio, doctor's offices, the first local telephone exchange, a creamery and a gas station. The Van Buren County Historical Association rescued the structure from demolition. It is currently owned by the Bonaparte Historical Society and houses the Auntie Green Museum and the public library.
The hotel portion of the building is two-story brick structure with a gable roof with a two-story wooden porch along the street. There is a gate in the railing where luggage from stage coaches was unloaded and brought directly to the guest rooms on the second floor. There is a one-story structure with a gable roof attached to the rear of the building. It is believed to have been the residence for the hotel proprietor, and possibly built at slightly a later date. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
References
Hotel buildings completed in 1844
Bonaparte, Iowa
Museums in Van Buren County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Van Buren County, Iowa
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Karol Szreter (29 September 1898 – 20 March 1933) was a Polish classical pianist.
Life
Born in Łódź, Szreter began his musical career as a child prodigy; at the age of nine he made his first public appearance in his native Poland. At the age of 13, he received a scholarship to study at the Petersburg Conservatory, where he remained until the outbreak of the First World War. Szreter then continued his studies in Berlin with Egon Petri. After the end of the war he began to perform in Central and Eastern Europe. At the beginning of the 1920s he made his first recordings for the German label Vox; around 1925 he began his collaboration with the German branch of the Parlophone label; mostly popular numbers were created, mostly accompanied by a studio orchestra. In 1925 he appeared in a trio with the cellist Emanuel Feuermann and the violinist Boris Kroyt at the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin and at the Klindworth-Scharwenka-Konservatorium.
In 1926 Szreter recorded Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 4, in 1930 three of Beethoven's piano sonatas and Schumann's piano cycle Carnaval. Under the common pseudonym Tri-Ergon-Trio (or only Instrumental Trio''') he performed in a trio with the cellist Gregor Piatigorsky and the violinist Max Rostal for the label.
In 1930 Szreter appeared for the first time in Great Britain, where he had great success with audiences and critics. In 1933 Parlophone planned a series of recordings of the chamber music of Johannes Brahms, which, due to the death of the pianist, no longer came into being.
Szreter died in Berlin on 20 March 1933 at the age of 34 from leukaemia. The funeral took place on 23 March 1933 at Friedhof Heerstraße in today's Berlin-Westend district. The grave is not preserved.
Recordings
With Gregor Piatigorsky
David Popper: Der Schmetterling, for cello (1924)
Daniel Van Goens: Scherzo for cello and piano, Op 12 (1924)
Pablo de Sarasate: Zapateado, for violin and piano, Op. 23/2 (1924)
Moritz Moszkowski: Guitarre, Op 45/2 for cello (1927)
David Popper: Chanson Villageoise for cello and piano, Op 62/2
Karl Davidov: Romance sans paroles, for cello and piano, Op. 23 (1925)
Bloch/Schumann: Prayer - Evensong. Gregor Piatigorsky und Karol Szreter. Parlophone E11058
Tschaikowski - None But the Lonely Heart aus Sechs Romanzen op. 6, 1869, (arr. Piatigorsky), Gregor Piatigorsky & Karol Szreter
Other recordings
Johannes Brahms: Hungarian Dance No. 7 (arranged by Josef Joachim) (Vox 6277-A), with Andreas Weißgerber.
Robert Schumann: Der Vogel als Prophet (Vox 6277-B) dto
Chopin-Liszt: The Maiden's Wish (Życzenie), Op. posth. 74/1
Beethoven: Piano Concerto No 4 in G major op. 58 (1/2), Orchestra conducted by Frieder Weissmann
Johannes Brahms: Trio in C Major, Op. 87 (Odeon 11791)
Johann Strauss II: Die Fledermaus''
Liszt: Hungarian Rhapsody No. 12 in C sharp minor
Strauss: Soiree de Vienne (Parlophone E 10561)
Liszt: Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2
Camille Saint-Saëns: Danse Macabre. With the Grand Symphony Orchestra, Frieder Weissmann (Parlophone E 10903)
Emil von Sauer: Boîte à Musique
Schumann: Carnaval Opus 9
Schubert-Paraphrase, l. and 2nd part. Szreter, Hans Bund and Alfred Hecker (Odeon 0-1 1777)
External links
Karol Szreter on Allmusic
References
1898 births
1933 deaths
20th-century classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Musicians from Łódź
Polish classical pianists
20th-century male musicians
The Nova Iguaçu level crossing disaster occurred on June 7, 1951, at 4:25 a.m. when an electric train struck a gasoline truck on a level crossing near Nova Iguacu, twenty miles north of Rio de Janeiro, killing 54 people.
The Estrada de Ferro Central do Brasil company's train was travelling from Belém, and its five steel cars were full of early morning commuters heading for Rio. The truck, which carried 4,500 gallons of gasoline, had stalled on the level crossing. When the train struck the tanker exploded; many of the passengers were burnt alive; some were still sitting in their seats, while others piled up by the doors. In all 54 people were killed and 44 more injured.
Sources
Railway Wrecks by Edgar A. Haine, page 146, publ 1993,
See also
Train wreck
Railway accidents in 1951
Railway accidents and incidents in Brazil
Level crossing incidents in Brazil
Transport in Rio de Janeiro (state)
1951 in Brazil
1951 road incidents
June 1951 events in South America
Stepushino () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 6 as of 2002.
Geography
Stepushino is located 40 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yermakovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Jerzy Sionek (born 30 October 1939) is a former Polish footballer who played as a midfielder.
Life
Sionek started his career playing with Polonia Iłża, playing at an early age, and playing some part of Polonia's promotion from the fifth tier in 1953. Over the following seasons he played for Polonia in the IV liga, helping the team to record high finishes in the league. It is known that at some point Sionek moved to Gdańsk and started playing with RKS Stocznia Północna, playing a role in the teams promotion to the III liga. In 1963 Sionek joined Lechia Gdańsk, making his debut in the Polish Cup against Sparta Gryfice. His time with Lechia was the pinacle of his career, with Sionek making 63 appearances in the II liga over the span of three seasons. In 1967 Lechia were relegated to the III liga, with Sionek playing the first half of the season before joining Wisła Tczew during the mid-season break. He is known to have played with Wisła for four seasons from 1968 until at least 1972, however it is not known when he left Wisła Tczew or when he decided to retire from playing.
References
1939 births
Possibly living people
Lechia Gdańsk players
Polish footballers
Association football midfielders
The Battle of Hermannstadt, also known as the Battle of Sibiu or the Battle of Szeben, was fought between the army of the Hungarian Kingdom and the Ottoman Empire on March 18 and March 22, 1442, near Marosszentimre and Hermannstadt (Szeben), (today Sântimbru and Sibiu, Romania). The Hungarian forces were commanded by John Hunyadi. Hermannstadt was Hunyadi's third victory over the Ottomans after the relief of Smederevo in 1437 and the defeat of Ishak Beg midway between Semendria and Belgrade in 1441.
Background
In 1438 Ottoman marauders attacked Transylvania, where in 1437 the Ottomans had been beaten by an uprising under Antal Nagy de Buda. For up to 45 days the Ottomans without let or hindrance attacked the Transylvanian Saxon lands and Hungarian villages and market towns.
In 1441 John Hunyadi came to power. Hunyadi attacked the Ottomans in Serbia and at the Battle of Smederevo got the best of Ishak bey. The Ottoman Sultan, Murad II, proclaimed in the autumn of 1441 that a raid into Hungarian Transylvania would take place in March 1442. In early March 1442, the marcher lord Mezid Bey led 16,000 akinji cavalry raiders into Transylvania, crossing the Danube to Wallachia at Nicopolis and marching north in formation.
Battle
On March 18 bishop György Lépes' forces (2,000 men) clashed with Mezid near Sântimbru. The Ottomans won by forces of numbers and Hunyadi was forced to retreat, but Mezid did not pursue Hunyadi. Lépes was taken prisoner and Mezid beheaded the bishop.
Hunyadi's army regrouped near Hermannstadt. Simon Kamonyai swapped his armour for Hunyadi's armour so that the Turks would believe he was Hunyadi. Kamonyai was to execute a head-on attack, while Hunyadi went around Mesid's army. Kamonyai was killed in action, however Hunyadi with the Hungarian heavy cavalry charged Mesid, crushed the Turks and killed Mezid. Hunyadi was able to ransom Lépes's head with Mesid's head.
Outcome
In retaliation for Mezid's defeat and death, Shehabbedin, the beylerbey of Rumelia, invaded Transylvania. In the Battle of the Iron Gate, near the Danube, Hunyadi wiped out Shehabbedin's army in the second greatest victory of Hunyadi's career, surpassed only by his rout of the Ottoman sultan's army in 1456 at the Siege of Belgrade.
Citations
References
Sources
Pál Földi. Nagy hadvezérek ("Great Warlords"), Anno Publisher,
Hermannstadt
Hermannstadt
Hermannstadt
Hermannstadt
Military history of Hungary
15th century in Hungary
15th century in Transylvania
15th century in Romania
1440s in the Ottoman Empire
Hermannstadt
1442 in Europe
The 2011 Under 23 Gulf Cup will be the third edition of GCC U-23 Championship taking place in Qatar between 12 August and 21 August 2011. Six nations have entered.
Participating teams
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Semi Finals
5th place playoff
Third place playoff
Final
External links
GCC U-23 Championship at Goalzz
GCC U-23 Championship
2011
2011 in Asian football
2011–12 in Qatari football
2011–12 in Saudi Arabian football
2011–12 in Bahraini football
2011–12 in Omani football
2011–12 in Kuwaiti football
2011–12 in Emirati football
2011 in youth association football
Richard Frederick Bickenbach (August 9, 1907 – June 28, 1994) was an American animator who worked for Warner Bros. Cartoons and as a layout artist and character designer for MGM and Hanna-Barbera Productions. He worked on animation for many cartoons, and drew the art for several comic book adaptations of Hanna-Barbera's shows, including Yogi Bear and The Flintstones.
Career
Bickenbach began his career as an animator for Ub Iwerks Studios, the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio and Walter Lantz Productions until finally settling at Warner Bros. cartoon division Leon Schlesinger Productions. He would animate the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series for directors Ben Hardaway and Cal Dalton, Friz Freleng, Frank Tashlin, and Robert McKimson in a span of roughly 8 years. He also provided his voice for a few cartoons, mostly portraying caricatures of Bing Crosby.
He later left and moved back to MGM in 1946 to provided layouts for roughly eighty Tom and Jerry shorts during the decade he was there. When he moved to Hanna-Barbera, he was one of their first employees and he was there for two decades as an animator and layout artist. He had a large influence on Hanna-Barbera's early cartoon styles and was credited with creating the first official Yogi Bear model sheets. He was the recipient of the 1984 Motion Picture Screen Cartoonists Golden Award.
References
External links
American animators
American comics artists
1907 births
1994 deaths
Hanna-Barbera people
Warner Bros. Cartoons people
American male voice actors
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio people
Ilsky () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Seversky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia. Population: 26,359 (2020),
The village of Ilskaya was founded before all other settlements of the Seversky district. On June 16, 1863, by order of the commander of the troops of the Caucasian Army, the combined squadron of the Seversky Dragoon Regiment began to build a village called Ilskaya, the name is given on the Il River. Already on June 27, 1863, the first batch of Cossack settlers appeared. This date was considered the day of the founding of the village.
References
Urban-type settlements in Krasnodar Krai
Leonard Eugene Alley (born July 10, 1940) is an American former professional baseball player. He played his entire career in Major League Baseball as a shortstop for the Pittsburgh Pirates from through . A two-time All-Star player, Alley was a member of Pirates teams that won three consecutive National League Eastern Division titles between and and, won the World Series in .
Alley was a modest hitter but an exceptionally steady shortstop with good range and an accurate throwing arm. He won two Gold Glove Awards at shortstop (1966–67) and garnered two All-Star appearances primarily on the strength of his glove. He spent most of his career turning double plays with Baseball Hall of Fame second baseman Bill Mazeroski, and the duo set an MLB record of 161 double plays in a season in 1966 that still stands (when the Pirates set a National League record with 215 total double plays). They also joined a select list of eight shortstop-second baseman duos to each win a Gold Glove the same season while playing together twice (1967–68). Shoulder and knee problems ultimately ended his career and prevented him from realizing his full potential.
On September 2, 1970, Alley hit an inside-the-park grand slam at Jarry Park Stadium in Montreal, against the Montreal Expos. With the bases loaded, facing Carl Morton, Alley hit a line drive which landed in front of center fielder Boots Day, who slipped on the wet grass. The ball rolled all the way to the wall in the deepest center field, and all the baserunners and Alley scored.
In 1998, Alley was inducted into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame.
See also
List of Gold Glove middle infield duos
List of Major League Baseball players who spent their entire career with one franchise
External links
Gene Alley at SABR (Baseball BioProject)
1940 births
Living people
Major League Baseball shortstops
Baseball players from Richmond, Virginia
Pittsburgh Pirates players
National League All-Stars
Gold Glove Award winners
"Autofac" is a 1955 science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick that features one of the earliest treatments of self-replicating machines (and Dick's second, after his 1953 short story Second Variety). It appeared originally in Galaxy Science Fiction of November 1955, and was reprinted in several collections, including The Variable Man published in 1957, and Robots, Androids, and Mechanical Oddities published in 1984.
The story was adapted by Travis Beacham for an episode of the 2017 TV series, Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams.
Plot summary
Three men wait outside their settlement for an automated delivery truck. Five years earlier, during the Total Global Conflict, a network of hardened automatic factories ("autofacs") had been set up with cybernetic controls that determine what food and consumer goods to manufacture and deliver. Human input had been lost, and the men planned disruption to try to establish communication and take over control. They destroy the delivery, but the truck radios the autofac and unloads an identical replacement, then prevents them from reloading items. They act out being disgusted with the milk delivery and are given a complaints checklist. In a blank space, they write improvised semantic garble—"the product is thoroughly pizzled". The autofac sends a humanoid data collector that communicates on an oral basis, but is not capable of conceptual thought, and they are unable to persuade the network to shut down before it consumes all resources. Their next strategy sets neighbouring autofacs in competition with each other for rare resources and seemingly succeeds, but there is a hidden level.
Translations
French: "Le Règne des robots", anonymous, August 1956, in "Galaxie Anticipation" issue 33
Television version
The TV series Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams includes a one-hour episode based on the story, with considerable differences in the plot and outcome.
References
External links
"Autofac" at the Internet Archive
Short stories by Philip K. Dick
1955 short stories
Self-replicating machines in fiction
Post-apocalyptic short stories
Short stories about robots
Rocky River may refer to:
Localities
Rocky River, Ohio, USA
Rocky River, New South Wales near Uralla, Australia
Electorates
Electoral district of Rocky River (South Australia)
Streams
In Australia:
Rocky River (New South Wales)
Rocky River (Queensland)
Rocky River (Kangaroo Island) on Kangaroo Island in South Australia
Rocky River (South Australia) in the Mid North of South Australia
Rocky River (Victoria)
In Canada:
Rocky River (Newfoundland) in Newfoundland-Labrador
In New Zealand:
Rocky River (New Zealand) in the South Island
In the United States:
Rocky River (Alaska)
Rocky River (Connecticut)
Rocky River (Michigan)
Rocky River (North Carolina)
Rocky River (Deep River tributary), a stream in North Carolina
Rocky River (Ohio)
Rocky River (South Carolina)
Rocky River (Tennessee), a tributary of Caney Fork River
Abaza Siyavuş Pasha (died 23 February 1688) was a short term grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire who held the post during one of the most chaotic periods of the empire.
Early years
He was of Abkhazian origin. He was a servant of Köprülü Mehmed Pasha, an able grand vizer who died in 1661. By marrying Köprülü Mehmed Pasha's daughter, he became a relative of the powerful Köprülü family. Together with his brothers-in-law (Köprülüzade Fazıl Ahmed Pasha and Köprülüzade Fazıl Mustafa Pasha), he participated in a number of military campaigns. In 1684, Buda (a part of Budapest, the capital of modern Hungary, then a part of Ottoman Empire) had been besieged by the Austrians under the command of Maximilian. Siyavuş Pasha stormed the Austrians and forced them to lift the siege. This was one of the few Turkish victories in the Great Turkish War.
As a grand vizier
Ottoman sultan Mehmet IV ("the Hunter") was inattentive to state affairs, especially in the war. The soldiers as well as the other subjects of the empire accused him as well as grand vizier Sarı Süleyman Pasha of the failures in the war. In 1687, the army returned from the front and staged a coup in which both the sultan and the grand vizier were forced to abdicate and resign, respectively. Siyavuş became the new grand vizier on 18 September, and Süleyman II became the new sultan on 8 November. However, Siyavuş was not successful as a grand vizier. He failed to control the troops which encamped in the outskirts of Constantinople. The soldiers demanded for the payment of bonus salary (traditional payments of the new sultans, ). But the treasury was unable to make the payment and the soldiers caused unrest in the city. Although, Siyavuş was their candidate for the post, they soon began to oppose Siyavuş and his brother in law Köprülü Mustafa Pasha. The Janissaries raided his house and killed him on 23 February 1688.
See also
List of Ottoman Grand Viziers
References
Abazins
17th-century Grand Viziers of the Ottoman Empire
Year of birth unknown
1688 deaths
People of the Ottoman Empire of Abkhazian descent
Pashas
One Piece: Unlimited may refer to:
One Piece: Unlimited Adventure
One Piece: Unlimited Cruise
One Piece: Unlimited World Red
Below are the rosters for the 2009 Toulon Tournament.
Group A
Head coach: Sergio Batista
Head coach: Miroslav Soukup
Head coach: Hans Schrijver
Head coach: Mahdi Ali Hassan Redha
GK Mohammed Saif Youssuf Al Ahli United Arab Emirates
FW Ali Ahmed Al Hajeri Al Jazira United Arab Emirates
DF Saad Surour Baniyas Al Ahli United Arab Emirates
DF Fahad Sebil Ibrahim Obaid Al Nasr United Arab Emirates
MF Adnan Ali Shanbih Al Nasr United Arab Emirates
MF Habib Al Fardan Al Wasl F.C. United Arab Emirates
DF Mohamed Fawzi Abdalla Al Ahli United Arab Emirates
MF Ahmed Ali Khamis Al Arbi Al Wahda United Arab Emirates
FW Theyeb Awana Baniyas Sports United Arab Emirates
FW Salem Saleh Al Rejaibi United Arab Emirates
DF Abdelaziz Mohammed Sanqour Al Ahli United Arab Emirates
FW Mohammed Al Alawi Fayez Al Ain United Arab Emirates
DF Abdulaziz Hussain Al Balooshi Al Shabab United Arab Emirates
GK Yousif Abdelrahman Albairaq Ittihad Kalba United Arab Emirates
FW Ahmed Al Junaibi Khalil Shabbab Al Ahli Club United Arab Emirates
MF Maher Ghuloom Jassim Al Wasl F.C. United Arab Emirates
MF Sultan Saleh Bargash Al Menhali Al Jazira United Arab Emirates
DF Hamdan Ismaeel Al Kamali Al Wahda United Arab Emirates
MF Omar Al-Amoodi Abdulrahman Al Ain United Arab Emirates
DF Mohammed Ahmed Juma Gharib Al Shabab United Arab Emirates
Group B
Head coach: Ivo Basay
Head coach: Erick Mombaerts
Head coach: Rui Caçador
Head coach: Jean-Dominique Paternoga
Footnotes
Squads
Toulon Tournament squads
Stuart Burge (15 January 1918 – 24 January 2002) was an English stage and film director, actor and producer.
The son of H. O. Burge, by his marriage to K. M. Haig, Burge was educated at Eagle House School, Sandhurst, and Felsted School, Essex, then trained for an acting career at the Old Vic, 1936–37, and at Oxford Rep, 1937–38. He was back at the Old Vic and appearing in the West End theatre in 1938–39, then during the Second World War of 1939–45 he served in the British Army's Intelligence Corps. After the war he returned to his acting career at the Bristol Old Vic, the Young Vic, and the Commercial Theatre, between 1946 and 1949.
He was a director by 1948. He was responsible for many distinguished productions for both stage and television, including four film adaptations of plays.
He married Josephine Parker an American Actress and had five children: Lucy Burge, Stephen Burge, Nicholas Burge, Matthew Burge and Emma Burge.
Selected filmography
As director
1956 : David Copperfield (TV)
1959 : Back to Back (TV)
1959 : Julius Caesar (TV)
1959 : The Third Man (TV)
1959 : The Waltz of the Toreadors
1959 : Crime of Passion (TV)
1960 : There Was a Crooked Man
1962 : The Ghost Sonata (TV)
1963 : Uncle Vanya
1964 : Danger Man (TV)
1965 : Othello 1966 : Nelson: A Study in Miniature (TV)
1967 : The Mikado 1967 : Play with a Tiger (TV)
1970 : Married Alive (TV)
1970 : Julius Caesar 1974 : Fall of Eagles (TV)
1975 : Under Western Eyes (TV)
1976 : Bill Brand (TV)
1978 : Rumpole of the Bailey (TV)
1981 : Sons and Lovers (TV)
1982 : Play for Tomorrow (TV)
1983 : The Home Front (TV)
1983 : The Old Men at the Zoo (TV)
1984 : Much Ado About Nothing (TV)
1986 : The Importance of Being Earnest (TV)
1986 : Naming the Names (TV)
1986 : [[Breaking Up (TV series)|Breaking Up]] (TV)
1988 : Dinner at Noon (TV)
1988 : The Rainbow (BBC miniseries)
1989 : Chinese Whispers (TV)
1991 : The House of Bernarda Alba (TV)
1992 : After the Dance (TV)
1993 : The Wexford Trilogy by Billy Roche: A Handful of Stars, Poor Beast in the Rain and Belfry (BBC TV)
1994 : Seaforth (TV)
As actor
1953 : The Malta Story (Paolo)
Stage, technical direction
1950 : Twelfth Night'' Old Vic Company/British Council touring production, Teatro Comunale Giuseppe Verdi, Free Territory of Trieste
References
External links
1918 births
2002 deaths
English male film actors
English film producers
English film directors
People educated at Eagle House School
People educated at Felsted School
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British Army personnel of World War II
Intelligence Corps soldiers
20th-century English businesspeople
Jonah Ogunniyi Otunla OFR, (born 12 June 1955) is a Nigerian Financial accountant and former Accountant General of the Federation of Nigeria. He also served as board members of the Central Bank of Nigeria.
Education
Otunla was born on June 12, 1955 in Oyo State, southwestern Nigeria. He had his secondary education at Baptist High School, Saki where he obtained the West African School Certificate in 1972 before he proceeded to Obafemi Awolowo University where he received a bachelor's degree in Financial accounting.
He became a chartered accountant in 1986 but received the fellowship of Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria in 1998.
Career
He began his career on August 1980 with Unilever as accountant. He left the organization in 1989, to join the Oyo State civil service as Chief Internal Auditor, the same year he became the Director of Finance. On June 1989, he was appointed Accountant General the State, a position he held until March 2004 when he got a transfer to the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation.
On June 28, 2011 he was appointed the Accountant General of the Federation by Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, the former President of Nigeria.
On June 12, 2015, Otunla retired honourably from the Civil Service after attaining the mandatory age of 60 years.
References
People from Oyo State
1955 births
Living people
is a railway station in Aki-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Seno Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Layout
The station consists of two island platforms located on the ground level. The station office is above the platforms and the tracks.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company in Hiroshima city
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1894
Reefer City is a ghost town in Kern County, California. It was located south-southwest of Mojave, at an elevation of 2762 feet (842 m). Reefer City still appeared on maps as late as 1947.
Reefer City was established in June 1936 by Consolidated Gold Fields of South Africa, formerly Gold Fields of South Africa Limited, a company founded and based in London, after a gold lode was discovered on Soledad Mountain near Mojave. The company purchased refrigerator cars, known colloquially as "reefers", from the Southern Pacific Railroad to house the miners. After the mine closed in 1942, the community housed military personnel from Edwards Air Force Base until the 1960s. In 1971, Reefer City was purchased and demolished by a salvage company.
References
Former settlements in Kern County, California
Former populated places in California
Populated places established in 1933
Populated places disestablished in 1971
SS Clintonia was the name of a number of steamships that served with Stag Line Ltd, North Shields.
, a 1,970 GRT cargo ship built in 1881 by Tyne Iron Shipbuilding Co, Newcastle upon Tyne. In service with Stag Line 1895-97
, a 3,830 GRT cargo ship built for Stag Line in 1907 by W Doxford & Sons, Sunderland. Torpedoed and sunk in 1915.
, a 3,106 GRT cargo ship built for Stag Line in 1917 by W Dobson & Co, Newcastle upon Tyne. Torpedoed and sunk in 1940.
, a 6,978 GRT cargo ship built in 1941 by Lithgows Ltd, Port Glasgow. Served with Stag Line from 1946-60.
An earlier sailing ship also bore the name of Clintonia.
Sources
Ship names
Abbeywood Community School is a mixed secondary school located in the Stoke Gifford area of South Gloucestershire, England.
Abbeywood Community School opened in 2010, replacing Filton High School, which previously occupied the site.
Abbeywood Community School was judged to be 'good' in all areas by Ofsted in 2018 and again in 2019. Abbeywood has been oversubscribed since 2015 and consequently is being expanded to accommodate 240 students in each year group. The school is part of the Olympus Academy Trust (which includes 9 schools locally.) Admissions are coordinated by South Gloucestershire Council.
Abbeywood benefits from facilities including sporting and leisure facilities, including flood-lit all–weather pitch, sports hall, a music recording studio, tennis and basketball courts, dance studio and access to Pro-5 football pitches. Secure WiFi access is available throughout the building, alongside teaching spaces for all subjects, including Science, Music, Art, Catering and Product Design.
Abbeywood Community School offers GCSEs and L2 BTECs as programmes of study for pupils, while students in the sixth form have the option to study from a range of A-levels and L3 BTECs.
Bristol Technology and Engineering Academy (BTE Academy) was formally merged with the neighbouring Abbeywood Community School in September 2022, with Abbeywood occupying the former BTE Academy buildings.
References
External links
Abbeywood Community School official website
Secondary schools in South Gloucestershire District
Academies in South Gloucestershire District
Talawanda is an administrative ward in Chalinze District of Pwani Region in Tanzania.
The ward covers an area of , and has an average elevation of . According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 9,229.
References
Pwani Region
Tanzania
Appaji Channabasavaraja Shankararao Nadagouda, also referred to as C. S. Nadagouda is a Congress Politician from Karnataka and 5-Time MLA representing Muddebihal constituency. He served as Special Representative of Karnataka Government at Delhi between 2014-2018.
References
Sources
https://www.thehindu.com/news/national/karnataka/gulbarga-airport-state-to-bring-pressure-on-centre/article7160881.ece#!
https://zeenews.india.com/news/karnataka/karnatakas-special-representative-backs-spendthrift-governor_1607295.html
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/opportunists-defectors-preferred-over-loyalists-in-modern-day-politics/articleshow/74015404.cms
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Karnataka-cabinet-rejig-14-ministers-removed-13-get-in/articleshow/52826301.cms
http://myneta.info/karnataka2013/candidate.php?candidate_id=6
http://myneta.info/karnataka2018/candidate.php?candidate_id=6106
http://myneta.info/karnatka2008/candidate.php?candidate_id=457
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Karnataka MLAs 1999–2004
Karnataka MLAs 2004–2007
Karnataka MLAs 2008–2013
Karnataka MLAs 2013–2018
People from Bijapur district, Karnataka
Intelligence and the Japanese Civilian was a 1945 film produced by the US Marine Corps, to instruct Marines on how they should handle the civilian population of Japan during the post-war occupation.
The film begins by describing the difficulties the civilian population posed during the Battle of Saipan including the famous mass suicide of Japanese who believed the US would torture them. As the Marianas campaign progressed though, the Marines learned to use the Intelligence Division (ID) to handle the Japanese civilians, and by the time the Marines reached Okinawa, the ID had become a routine part of the operation. The Marianas and Okinawa, pre-war Japanese possessions, had large Japanese civilian populations at the time of their occupation, whereas other islands, like Tarawa, Guam or Iwo Jima, were either uninhabited by civilians, or only by indigenous civilians.
The ID used a variety of techniques to handle the Japanese civilians: they first made loudspeaker announcements in Japanese to coax them into surrendering; once a group surrendered they found a community leader or someone in a position of authority to make more loudspeaker broadcasts to encourage further surrenders. Camps are set up, and made self-sufficient as much as possible. Later, other roles of the civilians are explored, especially the use of captured documents and the need to find out who had been a collaborator with the militarist regime.
See also
List of Allied propaganda films of World War II
External links
Complete film at Google Video
1945 films
American World War II propaganda shorts
Films about the United States Marine Corps
American black-and-white films
American documentary films
1945 documentary films
Japan in non-Japanese culture
1940s American films
Renee Chatterton (born 21 August 1989, Belair) is an Australian rower. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in rowing.
Personal
Nicknamed Ren and Swimmer, Chatterton was born on 21 August 1989 in Adelaide. She is from the Blackwood of Adelaide area. When she was young, she was a swimmer. She went to school at St John's Grammar, Belair, and Highgate Primary School in South Australia before going to high school at Concordia College in South Australia. She enrolled at Flinders University in South Australia in 2011, where she worked on a Bachelor of Education/Health Science. , she lives in Adelaide.
On 24 May 2016, Ben Manifold, Acting Principal of Wilderness School, announced that Chatterton was appointed Director of Rowing at Wilderness School.
Chatterton is tall and weighs .
Swimming
Chatterton competed at the Australian National Swimming Championships where she medalled and trained with the national team. She quit the sport in 2009.
Rowing
Chatteron took up rowing in 2009 and competes in women's quads and eights events. She is a member of the Adelaide University Rowing Club.
Chatterton finished 2nd in the four event at the 2011 World Championships in Bled, Slovenia. She finished 3rd in the quad event at the 2011 Australian Rowing Championships in West Lakes, Australia and finished 5th in the eight event at the 2012 World Cup 3 in Munich, Germany. She finished 4th in the eight event at the 2012 World Cup 2 in Lucerne, Switzerland. As a member of the eights crew over the 2000 metres course, she helped set a time of 6 minutes 12.36 seconds which qualified her and the rest of the team for the 2012 Olympics.
Chatterton was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in rowing in the eight-person boat. Rowers in the eight boat have nicknamed their team the "Motley Crew". She earned selection on the boat after a battle between ten women for eight spots. Prior to going to London, she participated in a training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport European Training Centre in Varese, Italy. She was seated at two in the eight's Olympic campaign at 2012 London – the crew were disappointed with their 6th-place finish.
References
Living people
1989 births
Australian female rowers
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
21st-century Australian women
Orós Alto is a locality situated in the municipality of Biescas. It is located 835 metres above sea level in Alto Gállego, Huesca, Aragon, Spain. In 2019, the locality had a population of 20 inhabitants.
References
Municipalities in the Province of Huesca
Great Dirty World is the third studio album by Canadian musician Lawrence Gowan, originally released in 1987. The album reached multi-platinum status in Canada and spawned the singles, "Moonlight Desires," "Awake the Giant," and "Living in the Golden Age". Jon Anderson of Yes contributed backing vocals to "Moonlight Desires". The album went on to reach #4 in the Canadian charts, surpassing Strange Animal, Gowan's previous album. The album was remastered in 2012, which added new artwork and three re-recorded bonus tracks which were originally from this album.
Track listings
All songs written and composed by Lawrence Gowan.
"Moonlight Desires" – 4:13
"Awake the Giant" – 4:04
"Living in the Golden Age" – 5:31
"Dedication" – 4:51
"Human Drama" – 4:46
"Forever One" – 4:14
"One Brief Shining Moment" – 4:42
"60 Second Nightmare" – 4:27
"Great Dirty World" – 4:51
Bonus Tracks – 2012 remastered edition
Forever One (Piano Version)
One Brief Shining Moment (Piano Version)
Great Dirty World (Piano Version)
Personnel
Lawrence Gowan – vocals, piano, keyboards
J. Peter Robinson – keyboards, B3 organ, bass synth, string synth
Gene Black – guitar
Tony Levin – bass guitar
Will Lee – bass guitar
Terry Gowan – Chapman stick
Rob Brill – drums, percussion
Nigel Olsson – drums
Brandon Fields – saxophone
Deborah Silver – background vocals
Kaz Silver-Lee – background vocals
Jon Anderson – special guest vocalist on "Moonlight Desires"
The San Fernando Valley Men's Choir and Choral Singers – choir (arranged and conducted by Bob Ezrin)
Singles
References
1987 albums
Columbia Records albums
Lawrence Gowan albums
Albums produced by David Tickle
The Woman's Building was a non-profit arts and education center located in Los Angeles, California. The Woman's Building focused on feminist art and served as a venue for the women's movement and was spearheaded by artist Judy Chicago, graphic designer Sheila Levrant de Bretteville and art historian Arlene Raven. The center was open from 1973 until 1991. During its existence, the Los Angeles Times called the Woman's Building a "feminist mecca."
History
Feminist Studio Workshop
In 1973, CalArts teachers artist Judy Chicago, graphic designer Sheila Levrant de Bretteville and art historian Arlene Raven were finally finished with trying to offer feminist education in a male-dominated institution like CalArts. That year they quit CalArts and founded the Feminist Studio Workshop (FSW). FSW was one of the first independent art schools for women, and revolved around a workshop environment, allowing women to develop their artistic skills and knowledge outside a traditional educational environment. The vision of FSW was that art should not be separated from activities related to the women's movement. FSW originally met in de Bretteville's home, and in November 1973, the three women began renting a workshop space in a vacant building near MacArthur Park, calling it the Woman's Building after a building from the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. FSW sublet space in the building to performance art groups, the Sisterhood Bookstore, the Associated Women's Press, local chapters of the National Organization for Women and the Women's Liberation Union, and three galleries: Womanspace Gallery, Gallery 707, and Grandview.
New building
In 1975, the building that FSW was renting was sold, and they, along with the other tenants, moved to a former Standard Oil Company building from the 1920s. In the 1940s, the building had been converted into a warehouse, consisting of three floors of open space, making it ideal for FSW's classes and exhibitions. The space was the first arts organization to locate itself in downtown Los Angeles, contributing to the revitalization of the area during the 1970s and 1980s. FSW became the main tenant as the previous smaller tenants left, and decided to hire an administrator and create a board of directors to handle the growth of the organization. FSW obtained funding from memberships, tuition, fund-raising and grants.
Numerous programs and groups formed out of FSW. They offered a two-year program in interdisciplinary arts, such as performing, graphics, video and writing. Deena Metzger started the writing program which included an ongoing writing series. Readers in the series included Meridel LeSueur, Honor Moore, Audre Lorde, and Adrienne Rich. They also hosted large-scale exhibitions, media and social events. From 1976 to 1980 the Feminist Art Workers toured the Midwest with interactive performance and installation artworks. A performance group called the Waitresses formed, who performed in restaurants using the waitress as a metaphor for women in society. The Incest Awareness Project consisted of a series of interactive exhibitions from 1978–79, including a video installation, Equal Time and Equal Space, directed by Nancy Angelo, in which audience members would sit surrounded by video monitors playing videos of incest survivors sharing their experiences. A group piece, In Mourning and in Rage, created by Suzanne Lacy and Leslie Labowitz, featured 10 tall women, wearing 7-foot-tall head extensions, draped in black, standing on the steps of the Los Angeles City Hall. Each woman represented a victim of the Hillside Strangler and a statistic of violence against women. Works such as these are credited with shaping the contemporary performance art scene. Another collective, Mother Art, created installations and performances that addressed the issues their members faced as both mothers and artists.
Artist Sheila Levrant de Bretteville designed a necklace of an eyebolt on a chain, meant to represent "strength without a fist"; members of the FSW in 1978-79 made 500 of these necklaces to celebrate the 5th anniversary of the Woman's Building.
In 1979, artists from the Woman's Building issued a nationwide call for lesbian artists to organize exhibitions of their work as part of the Great American Lesbian Art Show (GALAS).
Final decade
In 1981, the Feminist Studio Workshop closed, due to the diminishing demand for alternative education. With FSW's closure, the programs of the Woman's Building were altered to cater to the needs of working women. The building's hours were reduced and two thirds of it rented to artists for studio space. That year all three of the founding members left, and former students Terry Wolverton, Sue Maberry and Cheri Gaulke led the organization. They also began the Vesta Awards, an annual fundraiser. The performance group Sisters of Survival, which formed in 1981, exhibited and toured across the United States and Europe to protest nuclear weapon proliferation. That year, the Woman's Building founded the Women's Graphic Center Typesetting and Design, a for-profit business designed to strengthen their finances and support the artistic endeavors of the Building. They provided phototypesetting, graphic design, production and printing services. However, in 1988 the Women's Graphic Center closed, and the income for staff salaries disappeared. Wolverton served as sole executive director from 1988 to April 1989 before leaving. Pauli De Witt replaced Wolverton, staying only briefly and failing to rescue the organization financially. After she left, a 13-member board ran the Woman's Building. The Woman's Building never recovered and despite pushes to move to another location, they closed the gallery and performance space in 1991. They continued to hold the Vesta Awards, with keynote speaker Lucy Lippard and proceeds going towards an oral history of the organization.
Legacy
In 1991, Sandra Golvin, President of the Board of Directors, donated the Woman's Building records to the Smithsonian's Archives of American Art. Other archival collections of materials are at the Getty Research Institute and the ONE Archives, both in Los Angeles.
The Woman's Building and its legacy was the subject of a major exhibition called Doin It In Public: Feminism and Art at the Woman's Building at the Ben Maltz Gallery at Otis College of Art and Design in 2011/2012. The exhibition was part of the Getty initiative, Pacific Standard Time. The exhibition was accompanied by a 2-volume catalog, and a website that includes historical information about the Woman's Building. On June 8, 2018, the L.A. City Council designated the Woman's Building as a Historic Cultural Monument.
See also
Women-only space
References
Notes
Further reading
Doin' It in Public: Feminism and Art at the Woman's Building - A Guide to the Exhibition by Otis College of Art and Design, by Sue Maberry, Meg Linton, and Terry Wolverton (2012). .
Doin' It in Public: Feminism and Art at the Woman's Building, Volume II, anthology edited by Meg Linton and Sue Maberry (2012).
From Site to Vision: the Woman's Building in Contemporary Culture, anthology edited by Sondra Hale and Terry Wolverton (2011). .
Insurgent Muse: Life and Art at the Woman's Building, by Terry Wolverton. San Francisco: City Lights Publishers (2002).
External links
An interview with Suzanne Lacy from the Smithsonian Archives of American Art.
Woman's Building oral history interviews
Woman's Building posters in the collection of the Center for the Study of Political Graphics
Art centers in California
Performance art in Los Angeles
Community centers in California
Contemporary art galleries in the United States
Defunct companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Defunct non-profit organizations based in the United States
Feminist art organizations in the United States
Feminism in California
University and college arts centers in the United States
Art galleries established in 1973
Art galleries disestablished in 1991
1973 establishments in California
1991 disestablishments in California
Women's culture
Women's clubs in the United States
MO5 may refer to:
Memories Off 5 The Unfinished Film, a Japanese visual novel
Thomson MO5, a home computer
Former name used by MI5
The British Virgin Islands sent a delegation to compete at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia from 15 September to 1 October 2000. This was the territory's fifth appearance at a Summer Olympic Games. The delegation consisted of a single track and field athlete, Keita Cline. He was eliminated during the first round of the men's 200 meters.
Background
The British Virgin Islands Olympic Committee was recognized by the International Olympic Committee on 31 December 1981. The British Virgin Islands joined Olympic competition at the 1984 Winter Olympics, and have participated in every Summer Olympic Games since the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics. Sydney was therefore their fifth appearance at the Summer Olympics. The Islands have never won an Olympic medal. The 2000 Summer Olympics were held from 15 September to 1 October 2000; a total of 10,651 athletes represented 199 National Olympic Committees. The delegation to Sydney consisted of a single athlete, Keita Cline. He was chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Athletics
Keita Cline was 25 years old at the time of the Sydney Olympics; the US Virgin Islands native had previously represented the British Virgin Islands at the 1996 Summer Olympics, where he participated in the 4 × 100 metres relay and the long jump. His only event was the men's 200 meters, and on 27 September he was drawn into heat four of nine of the first round. The top three in a heat, plus the next five overall fastest athletes advanced to the quarterfinals. He finished his heat in a time of 21.42 seconds, seventh and last in his heat, and was eliminated, the slowest qualifying time being 20.95 seconds. The gold medal was eventually won by Konstantinos Kenteris of Greece in a time of 20.09 seconds, the silver was won by Darren Campbell of Great Britain, and the bronze by Ato Boldon of Trinidad and Tobago.
Note–Ranks given for track events are within the athlete's heat only
References
Nations at the 2000 Summer Olympics
2000
Olympics
Telangana Telugu, (Telangana Bhasha or ) often referred to as Hyderabadi Telugu () is a dialect of, or a pidgin based on, the Telugu language. It has its own history, spoken mostly in the Indian state of Telangana, as well as neighbouring districts in Karnataka and Maharashtra that were a part of erstwhile Hyderabad State. Although it is often spoken by the local people from the city, the majority of locals in Hyderabad tend to use either Telugu or Urdu to communicate. This dialect, which is spoken in the Hyderabad region, is similar to Hyderabadi Urdu due to the high influence of Dakhani or Deccani Urdu. In fact, it is often mistaken for Hyderabadi Urdu by speakers of other Telugu dialects.
Evolution
This dialect has traces from the establishment of Delhi Sultanate in around 1300s. Later other Islam empires such as Tughlaq dynasty, Malik Maqbul Tilangani, Bahmani Sultanate influenced the culture of in the erstwhile Hyderabad and surrounding areas. Qutb Shahi dynasty which was established in 1518, played a key role in shaping the Hyderabadi Telugu. The empire was extended to smaller areas in present-day Maharashtra and Karnataka. This made the introduction of Marathi and Kannada languages in the region. One of the other major reasons for the evolution of the language is the influence of Islam culture who preferred to speak Persian or Urdu languages.
Vocabulary
Unique words
A few words unique to Hyderabadi Telugu/Telangana Dialect, predominantly spoken by everyone of the region are given below
Words borrowed from other languages
A few words borrowed by Hyderabadi Telugu/Telangana Dialect, predominantly spoken in Hyderabad region are given below
Regional variants
There are regional variants in the dialect. The dialect spoken by local non Telugu Hyderabadis is influenced by Hyderabadi Urdu. The dialect spoken in interiors of Telangana has localized influences and varies with community. The border regions have mutual influence with languages on other side of the border.
Influence
The Hyderabadi Telugu/Telangana Baasha has always influenced the culture of Telangana. The dialect became notable after the Telangana state was formed. It became influential in Politics, Cinema, Economics, Arts and other fields that are related to Telangana, besides Standard Telugu.
References
Telugu dialects
Culture of Telangana
Culture of Hyderabad, India
Languages of Telangana
Malcolm Cyril Drummond (24 May 1880 – 10 April 1945) was an English painter and printmaker, noted for his paintings of urban scenes and interiors. Influenced by the Post-Impressionists and Walter Sickert, he was a member of the Camden Town Group and the London Group.
Life
Drummond was born at Boyne Hill, near Maidenhead, Berkshire, the son of Rev. Canon Arthur Hislop Drummond (1843–1945) and Anna Harriet Dodsworth, educated at the Oratory School in Edgbaston, Birmingham and at Christ Church, Oxford, where he studied history. After a year working for Lord Faversham as an estate manager he studied at the Slade School of Art from 1903 to 1907, and under Walter Sickert at the Westminster School of Art from 1908 to 1910. A member of Sickert's Fitzroy Street Group formed in 1907 in a house opposite Sickert's own studio. They met once a week every Saturday, shared easels and critically studied each other's work. The group also included at different times, Spencer Gore, Harold Gillman, Nan Hudson, Ethel Sands, Walter Russell, William Rothestein, and Albert Rothenstein. It was the first of a succession of such collectives that sustained painters throughout the 20th century that concentrated their efforts on contemporary abstract style and method.
He was afterwards a founding member with the Camden Town Group from 1911 to 1913 set up to put on exhibitions. Tensions had always existed in the group between Sickert and those who protested about his lady friends. One effect of the exclusion of women was to increase the output of London landscape scenery while experimenting with intense colouration. Drummond was also a founding member of the London Group in 1914, serving as its treasurer in 1921 and exhibiting with it until 1932. The two years after the Great War were very productive for Drummond: he painted a number of scenes in the Hammersmth Palais de Danse and the London Law Courts. A special commission arose for the Sacred Heart altarpiece of St Peter's, Edinburgh. Another catholic image at Church of the Holy Name, Birkenhead for the Stations of the Cross was finished in 1926.
He taught at Westminster School of Art until he left London to return to Berkshire in 1931 following the death of his first wife Zina Lilias Ogilvie who was also a talented artist/illustrator working under the pen name of Alexina. She illustrated, amongst others, A General History of the Pirates by Captain Charles Johnson, edited, with a Preface, by Philip Gosse printed by The Cayme Press. Zina was also a concert pianist who had performed at The Wigmore Hall and was much admired by Walter Sickert and Clive Bell. Malcolm and Zina shared a passion for art and music and worked together in Malcolm's studio as well as performing musical soirees together at home, Malcolm accompanying Zina on violin. In 1937 he lost the sight of one eye, completing losing his sight by 1942.
The Arts Council put on a retrospective show in London from 1963–4.
Some of his works
19 Fitzroy Street, oil, Tyne & Wear Museum Service
In A Chelsea Garden, oil, private collection of great grand daughter Fiona McIntyre
Bibliography
Nicola Moorby, 'Malcolm Drummond 1880–1945', artist biography, May 2003, in Helena Bonett, Ysanne Holt, Jennifer Mundy (eds.), The Camden Town Group in Context, Tate, May 2012, http://www.tate.org.uk/art/research-publications/camden-town-group/malcolm-drummond-r1105356
Robert Upstone, Modern Painters: The Camden Town Group, exhibition catalogue, Tate Britain, London, 2008
References
1880 births
1945 deaths
20th-century English painters
English male painters
People from Maidenhead
Alumni of the Slade School of Fine Art
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
20th-century English male artists
The Youth Council of the French Union (, abbreviated CJUF) was a coordinating body of youth organizations in the French Union. CJUF was founded in 1950. The organization had its headquarters in Paris and held annual congresses.
Leadership
The foundation of CJUF was the work of three individuals; Rémy Montagne (chairman of ACJF, Catholic Action of French Youth), Jean Jousselin (chairman of CFMJ, French Council of Youth Movements, a Protestant youth organization) and Antoine Lawrence. Lawrence represented the Guinean Youth Council (founded in 1952). He was also a member of the CFDT trade union in Guinea. As of 1952, Rémy Montagne served as president of CJUF and Antoine Lawrence as its general secretary. As of 1957, the president of CJUF was Jacques Duquesne.
Cooperation with WAY
CJUF received government support. Through CJUF the colonial authorities hoped to counter the anti-colonialist stream emerging amongst the youth and students movements in the colonies, but this endeavor had meagre results. CJUF was affiliated to the World Assembly of Youth (WAY), the pro-Western structure set up to counter the World Federation of Democratic Youth (WFDY). CJUF was dominated by religious organizations. The scout movement also participated in CJUF.
Saint-Louis congress
In 1952 CJUF held its congress at the Lycée Faidherbe in the Senegalese town of Saint-Louis between July 25 and August 1, 1952. 65 delegates, representing Metropolitan France, French West Africa (32 delegates from 8 territories), French Equatorial Africa, Algeria, Indochina and Madagascar, took part in the congress. In that year youth councils had been set up across French West Africa by the colonial authorities. These councils were integrated into CJUF at the Saint-Louis congress. Soon thereafter, in August 1952, CJUF hosted a congress of the World Assembly of Youth at the Lycée Van Vollenhoven in Dakar.
Revolt of West African youth councils
CJUF ran various activities regarding agricultural development, culture, literacy, hygiene, etc. in the African territories. But as anti-colonial feelings grew stronger, the pro-Western and moderate profile of WAY caused dissident amongst the African affiliates of CJUF. By the time of a CJUF congress in Yaoundé in August 1953, the Senegalese and Nigerien Youth Councils had resigned from CJUF. The following year the Soudanese Youth Council and the RDA Youth boycotted the WAY congress and sent delegates to the congress of WFDY in Peking instead. In July 1955 the youth councils of West Africa (except the Upper Volta Youth Council) met in Bamako and formed a new organization, the Federal Youth Council of French West Africa. This organization, later renamed the African Youth Council, would declare itself independent from CJUF, WAY and WFDY.
Later period
The sixth congress of CJUF was held in Tananarive between August 3 and 11, 1955. Léopold Sédar Senghor, then a French government minister, chaired the congress. CJUF held its seventh congress in Besançon July 22 – July 29, 1956.
Publication
CJUF published the tri-monthly journal Équipes nouvelles de l'Union française: Nouveaux horizons between May 1952 and 1957.
References
Youth organizations based in France
Youth organizations established in 1950
Diaspora organizations in France
What Did I Do to Deserve This My Lord!? 2 (formerly known as Holy Invasion of Privacy, Badman! 2: Time to Tighten Up Security!, known as Yūsha no Kuse ni Namaiki da or2, 勇者のくせになまいきだor2, literally "For a hero, [you are] quite impudent/cheeky/bold] 2)" in Japan) is a real-time strategy/god game for the PlayStation Portable. It is the sequel to What Did I Do to Deserve This, My Lord?.
The game was released in Japan in 2008, and was announced for a North American release during Tokyo Game Show 2009. This release was delayed until May 4, 2010, due to NIS America changing the game's name from Holy Invasion Of Privacy, Badman! 2: Time to Tighten Up Security! to What Did I Do to Deserve This, My Lord!? 2 to avoid conflict with the Batman license. The UMD release includes the first game.
Gameplay
The gameplay is almost identical to the first game, with a few different additions and changes. These include 'Mutation' (monsters can mutate in three forms: by deformity, by obesity and by gigantism) and 'The Overlord's Chamber', where you can grow monsters and observe their evolution.
What Did I Do to Deserve This, My Lord!? 2 contains "4 times more stages, 3.3 times more monsters and 2.3 times more heroes" than the first game.
References
External links
Official website
2008 video games
God games
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation Portable-only games
Real-time strategy video games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in Japan
Acquire (company) games
Single-player video games
Nippon Ichi Software games
Nekrophile Rekords was an Austrian record label, founded by Zoe Dewitt, then known as Michael Dewitt, that was active during the 1980s.
Nekrophile released eight audiocassettes from 1983 through 1986, collections of industrial and ambient music. Most of this material was subsequently re-released on CD and vinyl through assorted third parties. The label was notable for releasing solo material from Throbbing Gristle member Genesis P-orridge (with Stan Bingo), and also for early material by the noted industrial band Coil (with Zos Kia), with the participation of Peter Christopherson, another member of Throbbing Gristle. Dewitt released solo material on the label under two names: Korpses Katatonik, and Zero Kama. The Zero Kama album The Secret Eye of L.A.Y.L.A.H. is notorious in that, per Dewitt, it is purported to have been recorded in its entirety using human bones and skulls as musical instruments.
Thelema
The content and design of Nekrophile's releases indicated that its contributors were interested in the occult, particularly with Aleister Crowley and Thelema. Examples of this include the following:
On The Secret Eye of L.A.Y.L.A.H., the album name and the track titles "Love Alway Yieldeth" and "Love Alway Hardeneth" are references to Crowley's The Book of Lies.
On The Beast 666, the cover art is "The Sign of the Enterer", a photograph deriving from Liber O, published in Crowley's periodical The Equinox. The Korpses Katatonik track on this compilation is entitled "Choronzon", itself a reference to a demon in Thelema. Furthermore, "Post Mortem: The Sea of Cefalu" is a sound recording of the sea. Cefalu is the town in Sicily where Crowley established the Abbey of Thelema.
On the Zos Kia track "Sicktone", a backing track can be heard in which a group of people are reciting the first few verses of The Book of the Law, the foundational holy book of Thelema.
Releases
Nekrophile Rekords released the following eight cassettes.
References
Austrian record labels
Anatoly Klebanov (8 October 1952 – 5 December 2011) was a Soviet water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
See also
Soviet Union men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
List of world champions in men's water polo
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1952 births
2011 deaths
People from Zhodzina
Soviet male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Olympic water polo players of the Soviet Union
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Cyrtodactylus aaronbaueri is a species of gecko endemic to India.
References
Cyrtodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
"Babe" is a song by the American rock band Styx. It was the lead single from the band's 1979 triple-platinum album Cornerstone. The song was Styx's first, and only, US number-one single, spending two weeks at No. 1 in December 1979, serving as the penultimate number-one single of the 1970s. "Babe" also went to No. 9 on the Adult Contemporary chart. It additionally held the number-one spot for six weeks on the Canadian RPM national singles chart, charting in December 1979 and becoming the opening chart-topper of the 1980s. It was also the band's only UK Top 40 hit, peaking at No. 6. It also reached No. 1 in South Africa.
Background and content
The song was written by member Dennis DeYoung as a birthday present for his wife Suzanne. The theme of the song is "the separation of two people." DeYoung stated of it that "If they've figured out what's more important than a relationship between two people, I don't know what it is. The finished track was recorded as a demo with just DeYoung and Styx members John Panozzo and Chuck Panozzo playing on the track, with DeYoung singing all of the harmonies himself.
The song was not originally intended to be a Styx track, but Styx members James "J.Y." Young and Tommy Shaw convinced DeYoung to put the song on Cornerstone. As a result, DeYoung's demo was placed on Cornerstone with Shaw overdubbing a guitar solo in the song's middle section.
Reception
Cash Box said it has "crystalline singing and airy electric piano leads" but that the "high harmonies are the highlight." Billboard called it a "melodic pop number" that should break the band into adult contemporary playlists. Eric Hegedus of The Morning Call considered it one of the best examples of Styx's "newfound mastery of the techniques needed to perform slow love songs" and highlighted the "deceptively simple lyrics." Rolling Stone critic David Fricke described it as a lush ballad.
The track became a major hit, reaching No. 1 on the US Billboard Hot 100, and was their only major UK hit single, reaching No. 6. The song also won a People's Choice Award as the best song in 1980.
In popular culture
In 1999, "Babe" was included in the soundtrack to the film Big Daddy, starring Adam Sandler, whose character is a huge fan of Styx.
Personnel
Dennis DeYoung – lead and backing vocals, Fender Rhodes electric piano, synthesizer
Tommy Shaw – lead guitar
Chuck Panozzo – bass
John Panozzo – drums
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
All-time charts
Certifications
Caught in the Act version
In 1997 Dutch boy band Caught in the Act covered "Babe" on their album Vibe. The song's success was modest.
Music video
In the music video, the band members play soldiers and perform the song both in a barracks and on patrol. They take a look at a waitress.
Track listing
CD maxi
"Babe" (Radio Mix) – 4:28
"Babe" (Cloud 9 Mix) – 4:25
"Babe" (Gee Extended Mix) – 6:42
"Don't Just Leave Me Now" (Radio Version) – 4:46
Charts
References
1979 songs
1979 singles
1997 singles
Songs written by Dennis DeYoung
Styx (band) songs
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Number-one singles in South Africa
A&M Records singles
ZYX Music singles
American soft rock songs
Sir Thomas Stanley, 4th Baronet (27 September 1670 – 7 May 1714) was a British Member of Parliament.
Stanley was the son of Sir Edward Stanley, 3rd Baronet, and Elizabeth Bosvile, and succeeded his father in the baronetcy at the age of one. This branch of the Stanley family, known as the "Stanleys of Bickerstaffe", were descended from Sir James Stanley, younger brother of Thomas Stanley, 2nd Earl of Derby. Stanley later represented Preston in the House of Commons from 1695 to 1698. He married Elizabeth Patten in 1688, and died in May 1714, aged 43. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his eldest son Edward Stanley, who in 1736 succeeded a distant relative in the earldom of Derby.
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
1670 births
1714 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
Thomas
English MPs 1695–1698
Milica Dačić () is a politician in Serbia. She has served as deputy mayor of Čačak and was elected to the National Assembly of Serbia in the 2020 parliamentary election.
Early life and career
Dačić was born in Čačak, in what was then the Socialist Republic of Serbia in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. She was raised in the city and graduated from the University of Kragujevac Faculty of Law in 2012. Dačić worked as teaching associate in Kragujevac until 2015, when she returned to Čačak. She has published two volumes of poetry.
Politician
Municipal
Dačić received the thirty-sixth position on the Progressive Party's electoral list in the 2016 Serbian local elections. The list won thirty-five out of seventy-five seats. While not initially elected, she received a mandate on 17 June 2016 as a replacement for another party member who had resigned. She served on the city's youth committee; the committee for the city statute, other regulations, and organization; the commission for allocating funds to associations; and the working team for establishing the free zone of Čačak. Dačić was named as the city's deputy mayor on 27 October 2017 and served in this role for the next three years. She did not seek re-election at the local level in 2020.
Member of the National Assembly
Dačić was given the 133rd position on the Progressive Party's list in the 2020 Serbian parliamentary election and was elected to the national assembly when the list won a landslide majority with 188 out of 250 mandates. She is now a member of the assembly committee on education, science, technological development, and the information society; a deputy member of the culture and information committee and the committee on the judiciary, public administration, and local self-government; a member of Serbia's delegation to the South-East European Cooperation Process parliamentary assembly; the leader of Serbia's parliamentary friendship group with Liechtenstein; and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Austria, Belgium, China, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Malta, the Netherlands, Portugal, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America.
References
1988 births
Living people
Politicians from Čačak
Serbian women in politics
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Members of the South-East European Cooperation Process Parliamentary Assembly
Serbian Progressive Party politicians
Novomikhaylovsky () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Tuapsinsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia. Population:
References
Urban-type settlements in Krasnodar Krai
Oresti Kacurri (born 25 February 1998) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Oresti Kacurri at globalsportsarchive.com
1998 births
Living people
Albanian footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Ergotelis F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Heraklion
Men Boxing is an 1891 American short silent film, produced and directed by William K. L. Dickson and William Heise for the Edison Manufacturing Company, featuring two Edison employees with boxing gloves, pretending to spar in a boxing ring. The 12 feet of film was shot between May and June 1891 at the Edison Laboratory Photographic Building in West Orange, New Jersey, on the Edison-Dickson-Heise experimental horizontal-feed kinetograph camera and viewer, through a round aperture on 3/4 inch (19mm) wide film with a single edge row of sprocket perforations, as an experimental demonstration and was never publicly shown. A print has been preserved in the US Library of Congress film archive as part of the Gordon Hendricks collection.
See also
The Boxing Cats (Prof. Welton's), an 1894 film also directed by Dickson and Heise
References
External links
1891 films
1890s sports films
American boxing films
American silent short films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by William Kennedy Dickson
Films directed by William Heise
Films shot in New Jersey
Articles containing video clips
1891 short films
1890s American films
Ralph Bellamy is a retired motor racing car designer and engineer. Born 4 February 1938 in Eastwood, Sydney, New South Wales, he worked for various teams such as Brabham, Ensign, Fittipaldi, Lola and McLaren.
Bellamy first came to Europe in the 1960s to try and achieve a successful career in motor racing. Once in Europe, Bellamy first came to be noticed for his work with Gordon Coppuck on the McLaren M14 in 1970. Bellamy then became chief designer of the 1971 McLaren M19A and following this the McLaren M21.
He then moved from McLaren to Brabham where Bernie Ecclestone was in charge and he redesigned the Brabham BT34 into the BT37. Bellamy then lost his position to Gordon Murray and moved to Lotus where he was one of the team designing the Lotus 78. Next he joined Fittipaldi Automotive in 1978 without success and moved again to Ensign for the 1980 season.
From 1983, Bellamy spent time in Indycar design and Formula 2 design. In 1986 he was working at Lola, designing Formula 3000 chassis and the Lola F1 design.
Bellamy retired in 1993 moving back to Australia, however he was still involved in motorsport designing V8 Supercars for Tony Longhurst Racing.
References
1938 births
Formula One designers
Australian motorsport people
People from Sydney
Living people
McLaren people
WCAI (90.1 FM) in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, WNAN (91.1 FM) in Nantucket, and WZAI (94.3 FM) in Brewster, are National Public Radio member radio stations serving the Cape Cod and Islands area of southeast Massachusetts. They broadcast primarily news and information programming and are owned by the WGBH Educational Foundation in Boston. WCAI's studios are located at 3 Water Street in Woods Hole, Massachusetts (a census-designated place in Falmouth) and its transmission facilities are located in Tisbury, Massachusetts.
The station was founded by independent radio producer Jay Allison and his organization, Atlantic Public Media, with construction and operation duties assigned to WGBH, and first went on the air in 2000; Atlantic Public Media has also produced local programming for the station. (WNAN went on the air on March 15, 2000) Coverage for WCAI and WNAN didn't reach all of Cape Cod and the nearby islands, however, and in 2005 the third signal, WZAI, went on the air. In addition, an online stream of the station is available.
In 2007, the station won the prestigious Alfred I. duPont-Columbia Award, often called the Pulitzer Prize of broadcast journalism, for a 20-part series called "Two Cape Cods: Hidden Poverty on the Cape and Islands". The series was produced and reported by Sean Corcoran, and it highlighted numerous poverty issues in a region that often is thought of as playground for the rich. WCAI was the only radio station to win the award that year.
In 2020, the station rebranded as CAI, as part of a larger rebranding underwent by WGBH (which similarly dropped "W" from its branding organization-wide).
Apart from being owned by WGBH, there is no connection between the Cape and Islands NPR stations and WNCK in Nantucket, which formerly simulcast WGBH's primary radio service and later WCRB, a classical music station owned by WGBH. WCAI itself carries WCRB's programming on its second HD Radio channel, which was added in late 2013 after WCAI boosted its power.
Simulcasts
References
External links
Website of founding organization Atlantic Public Media
Interview with Jay Allison on the podcast and public radio interview program ThoughtCast
CAI
NPR member stations
CAI
WGBH Educational Foundation
Radio stations established in 2000
Falmouth, Massachusetts
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Andy Rosen, stage name Goat, is an American singer, best known for his song "Great Life", which appeared on the soundtrack of the film, I Know What You Did Last Summer.
The same song is perhaps more recognizable from its repeated airings in a Kia Sportage broadcast beginning in 2005, and played as people of various stripes toss the car keys to one another.
Born in Cleveland, Rosen's father Al Rosen was a star third baseman for the Cleveland Indians.
Goat recorded a cover version of Fall Out Boy's "Sugar, We're Goin' Down", for Engine Room Recordings' compilation album, Guilt by Association, released on September 4, 2007.
Discography
Great Life (1998)
All of My Friends (2005)
Twisted Heart (2006)
References
External links
Interview with the Houston Press
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American male singers
Musicians from Cleveland
Stephen Robert Gajkowski (born December 30, 1969) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played during one season at the major league level for the Seattle Mariners. He was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 18th round of the 1990 Major League Baseball Draft. Gajkowski played his first professional season with their Rookie league Burlington Indians in 1990, and his last season with the Oakland Athletics' Double-A Midland RockHounds and Triple-A Sacramento River Cats in 2000.
External links
"Steve Gajkowski Statistics". The Baseball Cubes. 15 January 2008.
"Steve Gajkowski Statistics". Baseball-Reference. 15 January 2008.
Baseball Almanac
1969 births
Living people
Seattle Mariners players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Seattle
Bellevue Bulldogs baseball players
Burlington Indians players (1986–2006)
Columbus Indians players
Watertown Indians players
Utica Blue Sox players
Sarasota White Sox players
Birmingham Barons players
Nashville Sounds players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Iowa Cubs players
Midland RockHounds players
Sacramento River Cats players
Events from the year 1802 in Ireland.
Events
First Christian Brothers' school founded by Edmund Rice in Waterford.
Cork Fever Hospital and House of Recovery founded by Dr. John Milner Barry in Cork.
Linen Hall Library moves into permanent premises in the White Linen Hall in Belfast.
Arts and literature
Henry Boyd completes the first full English translation of Dante's Divine Comedy.
A collection of Irish language religious verse by Tadhg Gaelach Ó Súilleabháin (died 1795), Timothy O'Sullivan's Pious Miscellany, is published in Clonmel.
Births
18 April – Robert Patterson, businessman and naturalist (died 1872).
24 May – Robert Baldwin Sullivan, lawyer, judge, and politician in Canada, second Mayor of Toronto (died 1853).
12 December – Robert Templeton, naturalist, artist and entomologist (died 1892).
Juan Galindo, born John Galindo, fighter for Central American independence and explorer (killed in action 1839 in Honduras)
Deaths
28 January – Joseph Wall, army officer, colonial governor and murderer (born 1737)
2 February – Armar Lowry-Corry, 1st Earl Belmore, politician and High Sheriff (born 1740).
30 March – Aedanus Burke, soldier, judge, and United States Representative from South Carolina (born 1743).
20 July – Isaac Barré, soldier and politician (born 1726).
24 October – John Ramage, artist (born 1748).
References
Years of the 19th century in Ireland
1800s in Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Jatun Huiscana (possibly from Quechua hatun big, wisq'ana lock, wiskana a kind of pickaxe, "big lock" or "big pickaxe") is a mountain in the Urubamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about high. It lies in the Cusco Region, Calca Province, Lares District. Jatun Huiscana is situated northwest of Ccerayoc and Yanaorcco, and northeast of Sahuasiray.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
Natalina Bonardi (4 December 1864 – 25 July 1945) – born Maria – was a Roman Catholic nun and mother superior who is known for her humility and heroic virtue. She also helped to form the Sisters of Santa Maria di Loreto in Italy. She was proclaimed as Venerable on 25 November 2021 by Pope Francis.
Early life
Natalina was born in Cuneo, Italy on 4 December 1864, among several siblings to Giuseppe and Margherita Dogliani, a wealthy, Roman Catholic family. Natalina was baptized in Sant'Ambrogio Church in Cuneo on December 7, 1864 and originally was given the name Maria. In 1871 in the same church, she received her first communion and was later confirmed. Later that year, the family fell into financial ruin after her father was scammed of his fortune.
In 1873, her mother sent Maria to boarding school the Collegio della Sacra Famiglia in Cuneo. In 1878 at age of 14 Maria received a dream that inspired her to dedicated her life to the service of God.
In 1880, Maria returned home and took a job with a wealthy family to help her family recoup their losses due to the earlier financial crisis. She was already living as a nun even though she had not yet been instructed in religious devotion.
Religious calling
In 1882, Maria truly began to seek a life in service to God and entered the Sisters of Good Counsel and took the name Sr. Natalina. However, her first experience as a nun was rather difficult and confusing. Sr. Natalina and some other sisters of the Counsel were sent to a different town to teach children. However, soon after, Monsignor Lorenzo Pampiro, the Archbishop of Vercelli, dissolved the order. (There are no records describing why it was dissolved.)
Sisters of S. Maria do Loreto
Eventually, the Archbishop formed an order called of Sisters of S. Maria di Loreto Sant'Antonino which was dedicated to teaching children and the surrounding communities and “ with the aim to re-propose the simple and humble, hardworking and contemplative lifestyle, led by Jesus, Mary and Joseph in the Holy House of Nazareth, which devotion and faith venerate in the miraculous House of the Virgin transported to Loreto.” Natalina became superior and also worked with the elderly and did odd jobs such as teaching sewing, teaching drama and even spent time begging if the moment called for it. Her parents instilled hard work in their children and Maria believed in donating her time to help those young and old. The buildings she spent praying and helping the community still stand today.
After transferring the order to Vercelli with the approval of the Archbishop, Natalina found herself at odds with the parish priest and some of the older sisters of the order. In 1913, she resigned (twice) and it was finally accepted in 1914 whereupon she was assigned as superior and Director of the asylum at Santa Maria Rocca in Cuneo.
Death
Natalina made her perpetual vows in 1938 along with 66 fellow nuns. She died 25 July 1945 in Vercelli, Italy. Her last years were spent in quiet solitude and prayer.
Veneration
Sister Natalina Bonardi was venerated by Pope Francis on 25 November 2021 for her heroic virtue and for founding the Congregation of the Sisters of Saint Mary of Loreto.
References
1864 births
1945 deaths
People from Cuneo
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
19th-century venerated Christians
20th-century venerated Christians
Venerated Catholics by Pope Francis
Jacob Epstein's bronze bust of Winston Churchill was completed in 1947 and cast in an edition often said to number 10 (but more, perhaps 12 or 16, are thought to exist). Epstein was commissioned by the War Artists Advisory Committee to create a sculpture of former British prime minister Winston Churchill in August 1945, after the end of the Second World War and shortly after Churchill lost the 1945 UK general election. Two casts have been previously displayed in the Oval Office. Another remains on display in the atrium of Churchill College, Cambridge.
Background
Epstein applied to become a British official war artist after he was conscripted in the First World War, but his application was rejected. Epstein was also not appointed as an official war artist in the Second World War, but he was asked to undertake six commissions for the War Artists Advisory Committee. After completing bronze busts of a sailor, a soldier, and an airman – Admiral of the Fleet Sir Andrew Cunningham, General Sir Alan Cunningham, and Air Marshal Sir Charles Portal – and then a bust of Labour Party politician Ernest Bevin, Epstein accepted a commission to create busts of the independent politician John Anderson and former Conservative Party Prime Minister Winston Churchill. He received the last two commissions in August 1945, the month after Churchill lost the 1945 UK general election, and just a few months after the end of the Second World War.
The bust of Anderson was completed quickly, but Churchill's bust was delayed as the politician could not find time to sit for the artist until December 1946 and January 1947. By then, Churchill had left Downing Street, but his London residence at Hyde Park Gate was opposite Epstein's home. After three sittings at the artist's studio, Epstein visited Churchill at Chartwell for three further settings. While Epstein worked, Churchill smoked cigars and gave dictation to a procession of secretaries.
Description
The completed bronze bust is approximately high, excluding the base. In the words of the Imperial War Museum: "This is a powerful work. Churchill's ringed eyes display not only focus but also clarity of vision: the rough surface, his formidable grit and determination."
Casts
The work was completed in 1947 and cast in an edition often said to number 10 (but more, perhaps 12 or 16, are thought to exist). The casts are extremely rare and valuable with one being exhibited at the Leicester Galleries in March 1947. Casts are held by Churchill College, Cambridge, the Imperial War Museum, the Iziko South African National Gallery, and the Centre Georges Pompidou. Other casts are held in private collections, including the Hallmark Cards art collection and The Marjorie Goodwin Collection. Several examples have been sold at auction in recent years, including at Christie's in November 2011 for £97,250 (from the Epstein-Evans Collection), at Sotheby's in June 2004 for £182,500, at Bonhams in November 2014 for £100,900, at Sotheby's in June 2015 for £106,500, and at Christie's in November 2015 for £110,500.
A cast was donated to the White House in 1965, under the presidency of Lyndon B. Johnson, by a group of American wartime friends of Churchill, including W. Averell Harriman, and also Frederick L. Anderson, David K. E. Bruce, Ira C. Eaker and Carl Spaatz. In recent years, this cast has been displayed on the second floor of the White House, outside the Treaty Room, which is now part of the President's private rooms. In a 2015 press conference, President Barack Obama confirmed that the cast was moved partially to make way for a new bust of Martin Luther King Jr. in the Oval Office while reiterating his admiration to Churchill. It was temporarily moved back into the Oval Office in January 2017, after the inauguration of Donald Trump, until it was replaced by a cast from the British Government Art Collection (GAC).
The GAC has two casts. One was acquired at auction in 1983. It has been in Washington, D.C. since at least July 2001, when it was loaned to the White House for display in the Oval Office during the presidency of George W. Bush, while the White House's own cast was being restored. The GAC cast was returned to the British Embassy in Washington DC in 2009, after the end of Bush's term of office, and was ultimately moved to the British Ambassador's residence. Despite the fact that the bust was only intended to remain for the duration of Bush's presidency, its removal caused controversy among British and American conservatives, who interpreted it as an affront to the Special Relationship. Future Prime Minister Boris Johnson wrote in The Sun that the decision represented "the part-Kenyan president's ancestral dislike of the British Empire,” while Mike Huckabee claimed that "he probably grew up hearing that the British were a bunch of imperialists who persecuted his grandfather." It was also criticized by Charles Krauthammer in an opinion-editorial for The Washington Post. Daniel Pfeiffer responded to these criticisms by pointing out that there were two busts and that one of them remained in Obama's private residence.
The bust was ultimately returned to the Oval Office in January 2017 under the Trump presidency; before again being removed in 2021 as part of a re-design upon the election of Joe Biden which included busts of Rosa Parks and Cesar Chavez.
The GAC's second cast of the Epstein bust was acquired at auction in 1986, and is on display at the British Embassy in Paris. The GAC also has two bronze busts of Churchill, and a small bronze sculpture of Churchill with his wife Clementine, all by Oscar Nemon.
See also
Art in the White House
References
External links
Sir Jacob Epstein, Bust of Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill, Government Art Collection (in Washington DC, acquired 1983)
Sir Jacob Epstein, Bust of Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill, Government Art Collection (in Paris, acquired 1986)
Jacob Epstein, correspondence with Ministry of Information, Imperial War Museum
Bust of the Rt Hon Winston Churchill, Imperial War Museum
Bust of Sir Winston Churchill, Centre Georges Pompidou
Bust of Sir Winston Churchill, MacConnal-Mason Gallery
Sale at Christie's, 17 November 2011
Sale at Sotheby's, 10–11 June 2014
Sale at Bonhams, 17–18 November 2014
Sale at Sotheby's, 9–10 June 2015
Sale at Christie's, 26 November 2015
Busted: Blair gives public treasure to White House, The Guardian, 28 August 2005
White House admits it did return Winston Churchill bust to Britain , The Daily Telegraph, 29 July 2012
The Case of the Two Churchills, The New Yorker, 1 August 2012
Ted Cruz's claim that one of Obama's 'very first acts' was returning a bust of Churchill, The Washington Post, 27 January 2015
The Churchill Bust: Not Again!?, Richard M. Langworth, 15 November 2016
The two Winston Churchill busts, Obama, Trump and Nigel Farage, iNews, 13 November 2016
The Churchill bust is actually a tale of two statues, iNews, 20 November 2016
Here's the real story about the Churchill bust in the Oval Office, The Washington Post, 23 January 2017
A White House Diary, Lady Bird Johnson, p. 327
Winston Churchill, Hallmark Art Collection
1947 sculptures
Art in the White House
Bronze sculptures in England
Bronze sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Busts in the United Kingdom
Busts in Washington, D.C.
Churchill College, Cambridge
Sculptures by Jacob Epstein
Sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Sculptures of men in the United Kingdom
Sculptures of men in Washington, D.C.
Sculptures of Winston Churchill
Sculpture series
Jakob Linzbach (21 June 1874 – 30 April 1953) was an Estonian linguist.
Jakob Linzbach was born in Kõmmaste, in the Governorate of Estonia of the Russian Empire (present-day Estonia) and died in Tallinn. The claim has been made for his (1916) Principles of Philosophical Language that it independently advanced some of the claims of Ferdinand de Saussure's Course in General Linguistics, in particular anticipating phonological ideas.
Linzbach - unlike Saussure - also set himself to construct a universal writing system, which he called Transcendental Algebra. Linzbach's system provided a problem topic for the inaugural International Linguistics Olympiad in 2003.
Works
Линцбах, Я. Принципы философского языка. Опыт точного языкознания. Петроград [The Principles of Philosophical Language: An Attempt at Exact Linguistics], St Petersburg, 1916. Republished, 2009.
Transcendent algebra : ideografie matematical : experiment de un lingue filosofic, Reval (Estonia) : Edition de autor, 1921.
Die transcendente Analysis : Differential- und Integralrechnung im Denken und Vorstellen, Reval, 1922.
La Géométrie et l'analyse géométrique de l'espace à n dimensions, idiographie mathématique. Abridged translation by G. von Kolovrat from the Russian.
Idéologie mathématique : Etude du langage philosophique Algèbre figurée. I. Interprétation idéographique de l'équation du 1er degré à une inconnue..., Paris: privately published, 1931.
References
External links
Transcendent algebra, ideografie matematical, experiment de un lingue filosofic. Translated into English with interlineated Occidental text.
1874 births
1953 deaths
People from Lääne-Harju Parish
People from the Governorate of Estonia
Linguists from Estonia
XHTUT-FM is an indigenous radio station on 106.1 FM in Villa de Tututepec de Melchor Ocampo, Oaxaca. It is known as Estéreo Lluvia ("Stereo Rain"); its concession is held by the Mixtec indigenous community of San Pedro Tututepec.
History
Estéreo Lluvia has been broadcasting in one form or another since 2002, initially on 103.5 MHz. Its founders had previously hosted shows at XEJAM in Santiago Jamiltepec. The name for the station came from a contest; the winning entry drew from the fact that the Mixtec people are known as the pueblo de la lluvia (People of the Rain). Attempts to obtain a permit legally were met by denials alleging a radio station could not be economically or technically viable, and when a legal action was turned away, Estéreo Lluvia began unlicensed operations. Operating in this manner exposed the station to potential raids by federal police. The first came either in 2002 or 2003 and saw members of the Federal Police break down the door to the municipal government offices in order to seize the station's assets. By April 2004, the station was back on air, broadcasting from a new building; additionally, a civil association had been set up to hold the station's assets.
In 2006, federal police returned to Tututepec to raid Estéreo Lluvia. At the time, a host was on the air, and she had time to alert the residents to the police action; within minutes, hundreds of residents surrounded the federal police forces and managed to recover most of the seized station equipment.
In March 2017, Estéreo Lluvia received a concession for an indigenous radio station to operate on 106.1 MHz, within the Article 90 reserved band for community and indigenous stations; it also received the callsign XHTUT-FM at this time.
References
External links
Radio stations in Oaxaca
Community radio stations in Mexico
Indigenous radio stations in Mexico
Indigenous peoples of Oaxaca
Radio stations established in 2002
Christian Floriano "Tating" Pasilan Jr., is a Filipino footballer who plays as a striker and currently the team captain of Green Archers United in the United Football League. He is also a member of the Philippine national football team and a current coach of De La Salle Zobel grade school football team.
International career
In 2008, he earned his full international caps in the AFC Challenge Cup qualifiers in Iloilo and the ASEAN Football Federation qualifiers in Cambodia. In January and February 2013, he was one of the players called up for Philippine national football team training in preparation for 2014 AFC Challenge Cup Qualifiers to be held in Manila, Philippines.
References
Living people
1986 births
Filipino footballers
Philippines international footballers
People from San Carlos, Negros Occidental
Footballers from Negros Occidental
Green Archers United F.C. players
Kaya F.C. players
Association football forwards
University of St. La Salle alumni
University Athletic Association of the Philippines footballers
Visayan people
Mary of Nazareth (, , ) is a 2012 Italian-German-Spanish television movie directed by Giacomo Campiotti. It focuses on life events of Mary of Nazareth, Mother of Jesus, and Mary Magdalene.
Plot
In the late first century BC, a group of marauders raids a Jewish neighborhood and abduct several young girls. A couple, Joachim and Anna, manage to hide their young daughter before the raiders burst into their home and use a dog in an attempt to sniff out any girls they could kidnap. Despite the dog visible to the little girl from her hiding place, it inexplicably fails to notice her scent and the raiders leave the home. Unable to understand how the dog could possibly fail to pick up their daughter, Joachim states that their daughter, Mary, is a mystery. Shortly afterwards, they bring her to the Temple in Jerusalem to live under the care of an elder doctor, Simeon.
Some years later, a young carpenter, Joseph, approaches Mary and asks for her hand in marriage. He also asks her parents, and while Joachim is less enthusiastic about the idea, Anna is more encouraging. They are eventually betrothed, considered legally married while Joseph builds their home after which they were to have their wedding ceremony and begin to live together.
During this time, Mary is visited by an angel named Gabriel who announces that she was to conceive by the power of God and give birth to a son to be named Jesus, and who was to sit on the throne of David his ancestor. When she presses the angel as to how this was to be possible, she is told that nothing was impossible for God, and in fact, her kinswoman Elizabeth, who was elderly and thought to be barren, was in the sixth month of her pregnancy. With that, Mary accedes to the divine will. She shortly leaves for Ain Karem to visit Elizabeth, whose unborn child leaps in her womb at Mary's greeting. She stays with Elizabeth for three months before returning to Nazareth.
Upon her return, Mary is now visibly with child, and is scorned as a disgrace by the people of Nazareth. Joseph is quite understandably upset, but unwilling to subject Mary to the death penalty for adultery, he dismisses her quietly. However, an angel appears to him in a dream and tells him to not fear to take Mary as his wife, and that the child she bears was conceived by the Holy Spirit. Joseph subsequently goes through with the marriage ceremony and takes Mary into the home he built for them.
As Mary's due date approaches, a decree is issued from Caesar Augustus ordering a census of the Empire, and everyone was to register in their ancestral town. Joseph, being of the line of David, is therefore required to register in Bethlehem in Judaea. Mary goes with him to register, and after several days' journey, they arrive only to find all accommodations full, with none willing to give up their place for a pregnant woman. However, a maidservant points them in the direction of a cave used as a stable and although it is no luxury, it will provide shelter. Thankful for this, Joseph takes Mary there, where she gives birth to her son. While there, they receive the homage of shepherds who had received word of this event from a host of angels in the fields. Magi also arrive from the East bearing gifts for the newborn, having been led there by the appearance of a new star. Forty days after Jesus' birth, Joseph brings Mary and Jesus to the Temple for Mary's ceremony of purification after childbirth, and there she meets her old mentor Simeon, who praises God for the child, and warns Mary that a sword will pierce her own soul.
Prior to their arrival in Bethlehem, the Magi from the East had stopped by Herod's palace in Jerusalem to inquire about the new star. Herod, upon learning that it was the sign of a new king, had asked the Magi find out and tell him so that Herod may also worship him. But after the Magi are warned to return home by another route, Herod orders the destruction of all infants in Bethlehem. However, an angel warns Joseph, and he takes Mary and the child and they flee to Egypt where Jesus spends his early years. Upon Herod's death, an angel again speaks to Joseph, and the family returns to Nazareth.
Years later, Elizabeth's son John is baptizing and preaching repentance in preparation for the coming of one greater than he. He is confronted by Herod's son Antipas, his wife Herodias, and a prostitute working at the Herodian court, Magdalen. John admonishes Antipas to put away Herodias as she is married to his brother, and so are living in a sinful union, and he also warns Magdalen of her sinful lifestyle.
Mary's son, Jesus, is later seen in the desert in prayer, undergoing a temptation from the devil and overcoming it, before leaving to begin his ministry. He attends a wedding with his parents when he is told the wine had run out. Aware of his divine powers, Mary asks Jesus for help. He tells her his hour has not yet come, but nonetheless, Jesus orders the servants to fill the jars with water, and he miraculously turns it into wine. Shortly after this, Jesus departs on his ministry, and while he is away, Joseph falls ill and dies, with Mary at his side.
Jesus begins preaching the kingdom of God, and Magdalen comes across him and listens. However, she continues to ply her trade until she is caught by her husband in the village of Nain and is denounced. She is dragged into the street to be stoned as an adulteress just as Jesus and his disciples are walking by. The elders decide to ask him whether the woman should be stoned, but Jesus, after writing something on the ground, tells the crowd that anyone who is without sin could throw the first stone. Unable to meet his standard, they all drop their stones and walk away. With no one left to condemn her, Jesus tells her to go in peace, and not sin again.
Jesus' family in Nazareth are concerned about the danger Jesus is courting by his preaching and wish him to come home and stay safe. They discuss their concerns with Mary and they go to the house of the Pharisee Simon where Jesus is preaching. Unable to enter because of the crowd, they ask to see Jesus. When he is told that his mother and relatives are there, Jesus declares that his mother, and his brother, and his sister are those to do the will of God. Upset, Jesus' relatives tell Mary that Jesus has repudiated her and is no longer her son, but Mary instead declares that he is her Lord. She then follows Jesus throughout the rest of his ministry.
While listening to her son while he was preaching, Magdalen enters as he tells a parable of a son who squandered his father's inheritance, repented and returned, receiving the father's forgiveness. This cuts Magdalen to the heart and she cries for Mary. Mary approaches Magdalen and embraces her, and Magdalen rushes to Jesus, weeps on his feet and wipes them with her hair. Scandalized, Simon reminds Jesus of whom this woman is and what she does, but Jesus tells him that she loves much because she has been forgiven much. He then assures Madgalen that her faith has saved her. She then joins the number of Jesus' disciples.
Later in Jerusalem, Jesus requests Magdalen to find a safe place for his mother while he and his disciples prepare for the Passover. Later at night, Jesus is praying in a garden asking to be spared from suffering. After that, one of Jesus' disciples, John, gives Mary and Magdalen the news that Jesus had been arrested. They rush to the High Priest's house and witness another of Jesus' disciples, Peter, denying any association with him. Peter is racked by grief and guilt when he meets Mary after his denial. They then speak with a Sanhedrin member, Joseph of Arimathea, who tells them that although he tried to have Jesus acquitted, he was outvoted, and Jesus has been convicted and condemned.
The next morning, Jesus is brought to the Roman governor of Judaea, Pontius Pilate, who orders Jesus scourged. Through a mysterious bond, Mary reacts physically to the blows inflicted on Jesus. Shortly after, Pilate offers to release one Jewish prisoner for the Passover. After the crowds demand for the release of a prisoner named Barrabas, and call for Jesus' execution, Pilate sentences Jesus to death and orders his crucifixion.
Jesus is forced to carry his cross through the streets of Jerusalem to the place of execution outside its walls. Roman soldiers prevent Mary from approaching Jesus, and is only able to touch a drop of his blood after he had passed. She, Magdalen and John follow Jesus to Golgotha, and there witness him crucified. Jesus entrusts his mother to John's care, and dies soon afterward. Jesus' body is taken down from the cross and given to his mother, who mourns the loss of her son. Jesus is then buried in a nearby tomb owned by Joseph of Arimathea.
On the third day after the execution, Mary is firm in her belief that Jesus would rise again, according to his promise. Magdalen takes some spices with which to anoint Jesus' body as it had been buried in haste. She arrives to find the tomb open and empty. A man nearby asks who it is she seeks, and thinking him to be the gardener, Magdalen asks the man if she knows where Jesus' body is, and to tell her so that she can retrieve it. The man then reveals himself to be the risen Jesus, who calls her by name. Jesus then commissions her to tell of his resurrection to his disciples.
Shortly after, Jesus appears to his mother, Mary. She turns to him and smiles.
Cast
Alissa Jung as Mary of Nazareth
Paz Vega as Mary Magdalene
Luca Marinelli as Joseph
Andreas Pietschmann as Jesus
Antonia Liskova as Herodias
Thomas Trabacchi as Joazar
Roberto Citran as Joachim
Andrea Giordana as Herod the Great
Antonella Attili as Anne
Johannes Brandrup as Herod Antipas
Nikolai Kinski as Judas Iscariot
Toni Laudadio as Simon Petrus
Sergio Múñiz as Antipater
Robert Stadlober as Hircanus
Remo Girone as Pontius Pilate
Marco Rulli as John
Marco Foschi as John the Baptist
Mariano Rigilo as Simeon
Marco Messeri as Zechariah
Ditta Teresa Acerbis as Elisabeth
Raffaele Vannoli as Joseph of Arimathea
Alice Bellagamba as Salome
Yassine Ben Gamra as Matthias
References
External links
2012 television films
2012 films
Italian drama films
Italian television films
Films about Christianity
German drama films
German television films
Das Erste original programming
Spanish drama films
2012 drama films
Films directed by Giacomo Campiotti
Films about religion
Portrayals of Jesus in film
Portrayals of the Virgin Mary in film
2010s German films
2010s Spanish films
2010s Italian films
Bach House (in German Bachhaus) may refer to:
One of the houses associated with the composer Johann Sebastian Bach, such as:
Bach House (Arnstadt), Kohlgasse 7, during his stay in Arnstadt Johann Sebastian Bach might have lived here with his aunt Elisabeth
Bach House (Eisenach), the first Bach museum, housed in a building which was presumed to be the actual birthplace of Johann Sebastian Bach
Bach House (Köthen)
Bach House (Weimar)
The Emil Bach House in Chicago, lived in by Emil Bach
Ward No. 134, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 15, covering parts of Garden Reach (Ramnagar) neighbourhood in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
The establishment and evolution of Kolkata Municipal Corporation followed a long process starting from around the middle of the 19th century. The Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 and certain steps taken thereafter saw the addition of peripheral areas in the eastern and southern parts of the city to the corporation area. In 1888, there were 75 commissioners, 50 of whom were elected, 15 appointed by the government and 10 nominated from bodies like Chambers of Commerce, Trades Associations and the Port Commissioners. The Calcutta Municipal Act of 1923 brought about important changes. The adjacent municipalities of Cossipore, Chitpore, Manicktola and Garden Reach, as well as the New Dock Extension area, were amalgamated with Kolkata. Garden Reach was later taken out.
Post-independence developments saw the introduction of adult franchise in municipal elections in 1962. The number of wards increased from 75 to 100. Tollygunge was merged with Kolkata in 1953. The Calcutta Municipal Corporation Act 1980, which came into effect in 1984, extended the boundaries of Kolkata by including South Suburban, Garden Reach and Jadavpur municipalities in Kolkata. With the addition of Joka to Kolkata, the number of wards rose to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 134 is bordered on the north by the southern bank of the Hooghly River and Garden Reach Road; on the east by Prince Dilwarjha Lane, western boundary of Port Commissioners' land and Banerjee Bagan Lane; on the south by Ramnagar Lane and Ramnagar Lane East; and on the west by Iron-gate Road, Dhanksheti Khal, Metherpara Lane, Azaher Mollah Bagan and Haribabu's Pally Bye Lane.
The ward is served by Garden Reach and West Port police stations of Kolkata Police.
Watgunge Women police station, located at 16, Watgunge Street, Kolkata-700023, covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the Port Division, i.e. North Port, South Port, Watgunge, West Port, Garden Reach, Ekbalpur, Nadial, Rajabagan and Metiabruz.
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India, Ward No. 134, Kolkata Municipal Corporation, had a total population of 35,780, of which 18,730 (52%) were males and 17,050 (48%) were females. Population below 6 years was 3,951. The total number of literates in Ward No. 134 was 23,474 (73.75% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Kolkata Port (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
Culoz station (French: Gare de Culoz) is a French railway station located in commune of Culoz, Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is located at kilometric point (KP) 101.355 on the Lyon–Geneva railway. The station is equally the origin of Culoz–Modane railway.
The station was put into service in 1857 by the Compagnie du chemin de fer de Lyon à Genève.
As of 2020, the station is owned and operated by the SNCF and served by TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes trains.
History
Culoz station was put into service on 20 July 1857 by the Compagnie du chemin de fer de Lyon à Genève, along with a section of railway between Ambérieu and Seyssel.
The railway line was re-bought by the Compagnie des chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée (PLM) in 1858. On 2 September 1858, the Maurienne railway was inaugurated by the Compagnie du chemin de fer Victor-Emmanuel between a bridge crossing the Rhône and the station.
The historic station vestibule, which fronts the street, has been the subject of the title of monuments historiques since 23 January 2009. This protection didn't affect the second larger building, constructed at the same time between the platforms, which was removed in 2009.
In 2019, the SNCF estimated that 260,868 passengers traveled through the station.
Services
Passenger services
Operated by the SNCF, the station is composed of passenger building with a ticket window open throughout week. The station is equally equipped with automatic ticket machines.
Train services
As of 2020, the station is served by the following services:
Regional services (TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes 02) Geneva ... Grenoble ... Valence.
Regional services (TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes 03) Saint-Gervais/Évian/Geneva ... Bellegarde ... Lyon.
Regional services (TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes 35) Chambéry ... Culoz ... Ambérieu ... Lyon.
Regional services (TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes 51) Chambéry ... Culoz ... Geneva.
Intermodality
In addition to a parking lot for passengers, the station is equipped with secure bicycle storage facilities.
References
Railway stations in Ain
Akbarabad (, also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 35, in 6 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Theiophytalia is a genus of herbivorous iguanodontian dinosaur from the lower Cretaceous period (Aptian-Albian stage, about 112 million years ago) of Colorado, USA. It contains a single species, T. kerri.
Description
Detailed comparisons by Brill and Carpenter (2006) also showed that the skull differed in a number of key features from that of Camptosaurus, namely: a longer, heavier, and more rugose snout; a wider dorsal process on the maxilla; a proportionally smaller antorbital fenestra; and stouter quadrate, with a bulbous articulation for the lower jaw. Compare the skull image with that of Camptosaurus. Therefore, they put it into its own genus and species.
Discovery
In 1878, a student of Colorado College named James Kerr found a partial Ornithopod skull at Garden of the Gods Park in El Paso County, Colorado. The skull, YPM 1887, was referred by O.C. Marsh (affirmed by Gilmore, 1909), to whom the skull was given in 1886, as that of Camptosaurus amplus. Gilmore used the skull to reconstruct the skull of Camptosaurus assuming that it came from the Morrison Formation. However, microscopic comparisons of thin-sections of the Mesozoic formations in the Garden of the Gods showed that the specimen actually came from the Lytle Member of the Purgatoire Formation; therefore, the skull was Early Cretaceous in age.
The generic name is, from Greek, θειος, theios: "divine" + Greek φυταλία, phytalia: "garden", or "garden of the gods". Garden of the Gods is a park in Colorado Springs, Colorado, where a skull, the only fossil of the genus yet to be discovered, was found in 1878. The specific name kerri honors James Hutchinson Kerr, who found the specimen.
Classification
The article describing the find classified Theiophytalia as intermediate in derivation between Camptosaurus and Iguanodon. The type species is Theiophytalia kerri. In 2010 and 2011 cladistic analyses of McDonald and colleagues, Theiophytalia has been recovered as a basal member of the Styracosterna and its closest relative was Hippodraco.
References
External links
Dinosaur Mailing List entry, which announces the new genus
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of North America
Iguanodonts
Fossil taxa described in 2006
Taxa named by Kenneth Carpenter
Paleontology in Colorado
Ornithischian genera
Honda NSR is a two-stroke Grand Prix racing motorcycle built by the Honda Racing Corporation, and also a race replica road motorcycle produced mainly for Asian and European markets.
The official factory racing machines series included:
NSR250
NSR500 (and privateer-dedicated NSR500V)
Neither racing model designation is currently in use, with the NSR500 having been replaced by the MotoGP RC211V series when the premiere class returned to four-stroke motors, and the NSR250 being discontinued in favor of the RS250 model designation.
The race replica series includes:
Honda NSR50
Honda NSR125
Honda NSR150
Honda NSR250R
References
External links
NSR-WORLD.COM - The World's largest Honda NSR resource. Tuning information, technical specifications, parts manuals, model history, and discussion/help forum.
NSR500 Heritage - official Honda page for heritage info on the NSR500
NSR
The John Stewart Houses are a set of five rowhouses in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They were all built from 1870 to 1874 using the same Italianate design by Philadelphia architect John Stewart. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 20, 1979.
Stewart bought the lots in 1870, while he, according to the deed, took out a $61,000 loan for construction of the buildings. Henry Phillippi, a carpenter who was apparently the contractor for the houses, received partial interest in several of them in the early 1870s. After Stewart died the completed houses were sold in a sheriff's sale in 1874.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Center City, Philadelphia
References
Houses completed in 1874
Italianate architecture in Pennsylvania
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Philadelphia
Washington Square West, Philadelphia
Hussy is a 1980 British film starring Helen Mirren, John Shea, and Paul Angelis, and directed by Matthew Chapman.
Plot
Beaty (Mirren) is a prostitute working at a London cabaret where Emory (John Shea) is a sound/lighting technician. They begin an affair encumbered by Beaty's job as a call girl.
They eventually fall in love, but predictably he grows increasingly uncomfortable with her line of work. In addition Emory has a bit of a dark secret from his past involving the accidental death of his then-wife. To further complicate things, Beaty has shared custody of a young son.
Eventually a pair of unsavory characters from each of the lovers' pasts shows up and further endangers their love.
Emory's gay friend Max (Murray Salem) arrives and wants to cut Emory in on an upcoming drug deal. He is simultaneously foppish, arrogant and abrasive. Beaty's abusive former lover, the father of her son and possibly her pimp is Alex (Paul Angelis), a strong-arm gorilla type fresh out of prison also arrives, needing a place to stay. Alex is clearly a brutish psychopath who threatens Beaty and Emory's future. Emory and Beaty's two past companions could not be more different, Max is sophisticated, articulate, stylish and outspoken. Alex is a working class English thug, quiet, simple and burning with violent rage.
Beaty rebuffs Alex's desire to rekindle whatever they had and this enrages him. He does however agree to be part of Max and Emory's caper (believing it to be gun smuggling).
On the day of the caper, Max, Emory and Alex end up in a car together with Max continuously taunting Alex. Alex finally has enough and shoots Max dead in the car. Emory and Alex dispose of the body and it becomes apparent that Alex is aware of Emory's intention to take Beaty and her son away. He is resigned to this and insists that Emory take some surplus cash found on Max's body. Emory drops Alex off with the smuggled drugs where Alex promises to 'take care of' (kill) the drugs' intended recipients to keep them from bothering Alex, Emory or Beaty.
When Emory and Beaty first reunite, she refuses to leave the country with him, citing a concern about her son, clearly having trouble uprooting and letting go of her past even though with the proceeds from the smuggling, they will be well set up and she will never have to work at her past profession again.
The end shows Emory, Beaty and her child racing to catch a plane, free of their past encumbrances.
Cast
Helen Mirren - Beaty Simons
John Shea - Emory Cole
Paul Angelis - Alex Denham
Murray Salem - Max
Jenny Runacre - Vere
Daniel Chasin - Billy
Imogen Claire – Imogen
Patti Boulaye - Cabaret Singer
Marika Rivera - French Singer
Publicity
The poster for Hussy was produced by noted poster artist Sam Peffer.
References
External links
Review of the film in DVD Talk
1980 films
1980 drama films
Films scored by George Fenton
Films about prostitution in the United Kingdom
Films directed by Matthew Chapman
Films set in London
British drama films
1980s English-language films
1980s British films
Joseph Stanley (January 28, 1908 – March 15, 2012) was an American United States Air Force Colonel. Stanley, a veteran pilot of World War II, served as the commander of Eglin Air Force Base in Valparaiso, Florida during the 1950s.
Stanley was born on January 28, 1908, and raised in Memphis, Tennessee. He enlisted in the Army Air Corps in 1935. Stanley commanded a B-17 squadron during World War II. He became the commander of Eglin Air Force Base during the 1950s. Stanley was also stationed in Vienna, Paris, Egypt and Berlin during his Air Force career.
Stanley and his wife moved to the Westwood Retirement Resort in Fort Walton Beach, Florida, in 1994. His wife, Betty, died in 2003 on her 100th birthday. Joe Stanley died on March 15, 2012, in Florida at the age of 104.
References
1908 births
2012 deaths
United States Air Force colonels
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
American centenarians
Men centenarians
People from Memphis, Tennessee
People from Fort Walton Beach, Florida
People from Valparaiso, Florida
United States Army Air Forces officers
Emma Vilarasau Tomàs (6 April 1959 in Sant Cugat del Vallès, Catalonia, Spain) is a Spanish stage, cinema and television actress.
Biography
She studied at the Institut del Teatre, in Barcelona. After having worked on many plays she became famous in Catalonia thanks to the character Eulàlia Montsolís whom she played in TV3 TV series Nissaga de poder. She has interpreted other TV series characters in series such as Majoria absoluta or Ventdelplà. She has worked on many movies for both television and cinema.
She is married to fellow actor Jordi Bosch with whom she has two sons: Jordi (born in 1991) and Marc (born in 1995).
Filmography
Stage
Santa Joana dels Escorxadors, vers 1980
Mort, Dimoni i Carn, 1982
L'impromtu a Versalles, 1982
L'héroe, 1983
Al vostre gust,1983
Els Fills del Sol, 1984
La Flauta Màgica, 1984
Un dels Últims Vespres de Carnaval, 1985
La Ronda, 1986
El 30 d'abril, 1987
L'última Copa, 1987
Lorenzaccio, Lorenzaccio, 1987
La Bona Persona de Sezuan, 1988
Les Noces de Fígaro, 1989
Combat entre Negre i Gossos, 1989
Els gegants de la Muntanya, 1990
Tàlem, 1990
Terra Baixa, 1990
Dansa d'Agost, 1991
La Infanticida, 1992
Roberto Zucco, 1993
El Barret dels Cascavells, 1994
Busco el Senyor Ferran, 1996
Paraules Encadenades, 1998
Lectura de poemes de Miquel Martí i Pol, 1998
El Criptograma,1999
Un Tranvia Anomenat Desig, 2000
L'habitació del nen, 2003
Paraules Contra la Guerra, 2003
Les tres germanes, 2005
Un matrimoni de Boston, 2005 i 2006
Carta d'una desconeguda, 2007
Television
Quico el progre, 1993
Secrets de família, 1995
Nissaga de poder, 1996–98
Crims, 2000
Mirall trencat, 2002
Majoria absoluta, 2002–03
Ventdelplà, 2005–10
Cinema and TV films
Ni tan siquiera tienes ojos azules, 1997 (Short)
Un caso para dos, 1996
Dues dones, 1998
Els sense nom, 1999
Utopia, 2001
L'illa de l'holandès, 2001
Germanes de sang, 2001
Gossos, 2002
Las voces de la noche, 2002
Para que no me olvides, 2005 (Nominated to the Goya Awards 2005 in the category of the best actress and winner of the Sant Jordi Award for best Spanish actress)
External links
1959 births
Living people
Stage actresses from Catalonia
Television actresses from Catalonia
Film actresses from Catalonia
Spanish film actresses
Spanish television actresses
Spanish stage actresses
Actresses from Barcelona
21st-century Spanish actresses
20th-century Spanish actresses
Patvarc () is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
History
At the time of the conquest, the Slavs lived most densely in the Ipoly Valley. The name of the village was given by the Slavs, which suggests that the settlement was known as Patvarc at the time of the conquest. Patvarc is a single-item proper name. The first linguistic memory dates from 1335, where it was read as Potvorch. He's actually the people of a person named Potvor.
Etymology
The name comes from the Slovak/Slavic personal name Potvor (potvora - a monster). Potvorce → Patvarc. See also Potvorice, Potvorov.
External links
Street map
References
Populated places in Nógrád County
The 2014 Paris–Tours was the 108th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 12 October 2014. The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours. The race was won by Jelle Wallays of the team.
Teams
A total of 21 teams raced in the 2014 Paris–Tours: 11 UCI ProTeams, 7 UCI Professional Continental teams, and 3 UCI Continental teams.
Results
References
External links
2014 in French sport
2014
Gordon Perry may refer to:
Gordon Perry (producer) (born 1947), record producer
Gordon Perry (Canadian football) (1903–2003), football player in the Canadian Football League
Gordon Perry (wheelchair athlete), British wheelchair athlete
"Paisley Park" is a 1985 song by Prince and The Revolution. It was the first single released in some international markets from their 1985 album, Around the World in a Day and so is also the album's last single internationally. "Paisley Park" was recorded 3 months after the Purple Rain album was released. Violin on the song was played by Novi Novog, and Wendy & Lisa provide backing vocals. The rest of the song was performed by Prince. The song reached the Top 40 in all of the countries it was released in. It peaked within the Top 20 in both Ireland (No. 11) and the UK (No. 18).
"She's Always in My Hair"
The B-side of the single was "She's Always in My Hair", which was also on the U.S. release of "Raspberry Beret". Many copies of the 12" single were mis-pressed, featuring four tracks instead of the three mentioned on the sleeve ("She's Always In My Hair" being present twice). Basic tracking took place on December 29, 1983, in Studio 3 at Sunset Sound.
Track listings
7" single
A. "Paisley Park" – 4:41
B. "She's Always in My Hair" – 3:27
12" single
A1. "Paisley Park" – 4:41
A2. "She's Always in My Hair" – 3:27
B. "Paisley Park" (Remix) – 6:53
Personnel
Prince - all vocals and instruments
Wendy Melvoin - backing vocals
Lisa Coleman - backing vocals
Novi Novog - violin
Charts
References
Prince (musician) songs
Songs written by Prince (musician)
1985 singles
1985 songs
Paisley Park Records singles
Warner Records singles
Song recordings produced by Prince (musician)
The 1979 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played in Pasadena, California, on January 1, 1979. It was the 65th Rose Bowl Game. The USC Trojans, champions of the Pacific-10 Conference, defeated the Michigan Wolverines, (co) champions of the Big Ten Conference, Charles White and Michigan quarterback Rick Leach were named the Players of the Game.
Teams
Michigan
Michigan came into the game ranked fifth in both major polls with a 10–1 record, with their only loss to Michigan State. The Wolverines tied for the Big Ten title with Michigan State, and earned the Rose Bowl berth because the Spartans were on probation. Michigan had been to the previous two Rose Bowls,
USC
USC came into the game ranked third in both major polls with an 11–1 record. In September, USC decisively defeated then #1 ranked Alabama 24–14 in Birmingham, but subsequently suffered their lone defeat to new Pac-10 member Arizona State, falling 20–7 in Tempe in mid-October. USC defeated UCLA 17–10 to win the Pac-10, and then closed out the regular season by defeating defending national champion Notre Dame USC had also defeated Big-10 regular season co-champion Michigan State in late September. The Trojans entered the game as five-point
Charles White's "Phantom Touchdown"
USC had driven deep into Michigan territory in the second quarter. At the three-yard line in a dive over the middle towards the goal-line, Charles White was hit hard by Michigan's great middle linebacker Ron Simpkins and fumbled the ball before he entered the end-zone. The officials for this game were made up of a Pac-10/Big Ten crew. Upon White's fumble, the umpire (a Pac-10 official) immediately and correctly marked the ball around the one-yard line and signaled that there had been a change of possession. Then the line judge, a Big Ten official, came running in raising his hands signaling that White had scored This touchdown has become known as White's "Phantom Touchdown" as he was awarded the score after first fumbling, and entered the end-zone without the ball. This has been confirmed by White himself.
The touchdown put USC up 14–3 and they added a field goal before halftime. The only score in the second half was an extended play by Michigan in the third quarter that resulted in a 44-yard touchdown pass.
Earthquake
A mild earthquake, 4.6 on the Richter scale, took place shortly before halftime but caused
Scoring
First quarter
USC - Hoby Brenner, 9-yard pass from Paul McDonald (Frank Jordan kick)
Second quarter
Michigan - Gregg Willner, 36-yard field goal
USC - Charles White, 3-yard run (Frank Jordan kick)
USC - Frank Jordan, 35-yard field goal
Third quarter
Michigan - Roosevelt Smith, 44-yard pass from Rick Leach (Gregg Willner kick)
Fourth quarter
No scoring
Aftermath
Earlier in the day at the Sugar Bowl in New Orleans, #2 Alabama upset #1 Penn State, 14–7. USC vaulted into the #1 spot in the UPI poll, while Alabama was first in the AP poll.
The loss was Michigan's third straight in the Rose Bowl and fourth consecutive in major bowls; their most recent postseason win was in January 1965. Two years later, they returned to Pasadena and won the Rose Bowl.
This was the fifth straight win for the Pac-10 in the Rose Bowl and ninth in the last ten. USC returned the following year and successfully defended their title.
This was the final Rose Bowl for television broadcaster Curt Gowdy; Dick Enberg took over play-by-play duties the following year.
References
External links
Summary at Bentley Historical Library, University of Michigan Athletics History
Pac-12 Conference – 1979 Rose Bowl – video
YouTube – Michigan's 44-yard touchdown pass
Rose Bowl
Rose Bowl Game
Michigan Wolverines football bowl games
USC Trojans football bowl games
January 1979 sports events in the United States
Rose Bowl
David Home (1558–1629) was a Scottish historian.
David Home may also refer to:
David Milne-Home (1805–1890), Scottish advocate, geologist and meteorologist
David Milne Home (politician) (1838–1901), British soldier and Conservative politician
David Douglas-Home, 15th Earl of Home (born 1943), British businessman and Conservative politician
Sir David Home, 1st Baronet (died 1650) of the Home baronets
Sir David George Home, 13th Baronet (1904–1992) of the Home baronets
See also
David Hume (disambiguation)
Home (surname)
Galiy Adilbekovich Adilbekov (; January 1, 1908 – October 21, 1943) – was a Soviet career officer-tanker, participant of the Great Patriotic War, master of tank combat, Kazakh, Guards unit lieutenant colonel, awarded: the Medal "For the Defence of Stalingrad" (1943), twice the Order of the Red Banner ( 02/13/1942), the second – posthumously (1943). Killed in battle during the liberation of Kyiv.
Biography
Was born on January 1, 1908, in the Semipalatinsk region of Kazakhstan. By nationality Kazakh.
As a child, he became an orphan, a homeless child, graduated from the Kazakh regional school for adolescents in 1925 in Orenburg.
Pre-war service
During his service, he commanded a cavalry and training tank platoon, a training and separate tank company, and a tank battalion.
Having successfully graduated in 1928 among the United Central Asian Military School (OSAVSH) in Tashkent, he was enrolled in the 43rd Cavalry Regiment.
In 1928-1933 platoon commander of the 43rd cavalry regiment took part in the battles in the Karakum sands in 1930, where he was first wounded. He was wounded in the head, received a fracture of his right arm.
After recovery, he returned to service, in 1931 underwent retraining at Leningrad Higher Officer Armored School.
Before the start of World War II, GA Adilbekov studied in Moscow at the Military Academy of Armored Forces named after I. V. Stalin, commanded a tank company. G. A. Adilbekov was the only Kazakh who graduated from this academy.
Great Patriotic War
1941
As part of the active army from the beginning Great Patriotic War – the commander of a tank battalion.
He took part in the battles for the defense of Vitebsk, Trubchevsk, Bryansk. He fought in the Smolensk battle, in Stalingrad, in the defense of Moscow, in the liberation of Kyiv.
In July 1941, Galiy Adilbekovich was the commander of a tank battalion of the 110th tank division. Participated in the battles in which the division struck at the German 7th Panzer Division with the aim of reaching Smolensk and releasing the encircled armies.
After the division of the division into the 141st and 142nd tank brigades, from the end of August to the end of October 1941, Captain GA Adilbekov commanded the 1st tank battalion of heavy and medium tanks of the 141st tank brigade.
At the beginning of the war, there were already two independent publications about him in the central newspapers of the USSR – from September 5, 41 in the newspaper "Vechernyaya Moskva" and on the 13th September 41 in the newspaper "Izvestia"
In the battles near Vitebsk, Trubchevsk in 1941 he performed the first known feat during the war.
On August 31, 18 km west of Trubchevsk, oncoming tank battle, which lasted until September 8. The Soviet 141st Tank Brigade and 108th Panzer Division (about 200 tanks) engaged the superior forces Guderian 47th Motorized Corps (Wehrmacht) (over 300 tanks). The tanks of the 141st brigade went into battle directly from the train trains, without having time to turn around. This made it possible to restore the position of the troops of the 13th Army, replenish it, and, together with the 3rd Army, re-enter the battle. Until mid-September, the enemy was stopped here and driven back to the river Sudost at a distance of more than 40 km. 16 settlements were released. Then, in August–September 1941, it was very important. And by mid-September 1941, the enemy had practically nothing to fight in these places. Every four of Guderian's five tanks were hit. And if he took the cities of the Bryansk region in 1–2 days, then the defense of Trubchevsk, including the "Trubchevsky boiler", will last two months.
As a result of the counter-offensive, the front was turned upside down, the battles were going on in all directions, the tank battalion of G. Adilbekov was surrounded, but continued to carry out the combat mission. Having destroyed the enemy's tank column, which was much larger in number, the battalion smashed the enemy's rear, its military units, and manpower. Coming out of the encirclement with battles, the commander managed to save all his tanks without losing a single one. After these fierce battles, the 141st Panzer Brigade, being in constant counterattacks to contain the German offensive, almost all died, and its remnants joined the 121st Panzer Brigade.
1942
Since March 27, 1942 major Galiy Adilbekovich Adilbekov – deputy commander of the 121st separate tank brigade. His comrade in arms Ivan Yakubovsky (in the future Marshal, twice hero of the Soviet Union, Commander-in-Chief of the Joint Armed Forces of the participating states Warsaw Pact) wrote in his memoirs:
“At the head of the corps in the army at that time were such experienced commanders as Major Generals MI Zinkovich and FN Rudkin. The commanders of brigades, regiments, battalions also had rich combat experience... I would like to tell you about one of these commanders here. I mean Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Adilbekov, a Kazakh by nationality. We had known Galiy Adilbekovich since January 1942, when we had a chance to serve and fight together in the ranks of the 121st Tank Brigade. He possessed remarkable moral and fighting qualities: organizational skills, willpower, did not know fear in the fight against the Nazis. And at the same time, he was the most modest man who won over all the soldiers and officers.
He, a former homeless child, an orphanage, joined the army as a volunteer back in 1925. After graduating from military school, he participated in battles with bandits in the sands of the Karakum Desert. He was wounded and returned to duty. He began the Great Patriotic War as the commander of a tank battalion. In February 1942 he was awarded the order Red Banner. The battalion led by him destroyed more than twenty tanks and armored vehicles, ten anti-tank guns, and several companies of enemy infantry. The officer never lost his composure in battle, knew how to instill confidence in his subordinates in victory, agitated them with his personal example of courage and high soldier spirit."
In May–August 1942, Galiy Adilbekovich studied in Moscow at the academically advanced training courses for command personnel, after which he was engaged in the formation of the 47th Tank Brigade. From 19.09. until 21.10.1942 lieutenant colonel Adilbekov GA – commander of the 47th separate tank brigade.
From the characteristics of the command: "During the brigade's march to the front, the tanks of G. Adilbekov in the area of the Morozovsky station unexpectedly collided with the enemy, but were able to group up and inflicted significant damage on him."
This episode belongs to the period of the Battle of Stalingrad. During these battles, Galiy Adilbekovich's tank was hit, he has wounded again, burned in the tank, and survived. Awarded Medal "For the Defence of Stalingrad".
1943
From the end of October 1942 to October 21, 1943, Guards Lieutenant Colonel GA Adilbekov was the commander of the separate 47th Guards Breakthrough Tank Regiment. Hero of the Soviet Union (1943), major general of tank forces, commander of the 9th mechanized corps K.A. Malygin recalled:
"Among the tank regiments, the 47th Guards Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Adilbekov immediately became the leading ones..."
From September 23, 1943, Soviet troops fought fiercely to retain and expand the Bukrin bridgehead to liberate Kyiv. 10/21/1943 on the Bukrinsky bridgehead during the crossing of the Dnieper and liberation of Kyiv, in Ukraine in the battle at the head of a tank attack, Guards Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Adilbekov died – at the time of his death the only representative of the peoples of Central Asia in the rank of guard lieutenant colonel – commander of a separate guards tank regiment.
Fighting Companions
Yakubovsky I. I. captain – commander of the 121st tank regiment, deputy commander of 121st separate tank brigade, later Marshal of the Soviet Union
Family
Wife – Adilbekova Menzhian Ilyasovna (née Valieva, an orphan from the age of 9) born in 1912 (the village of Nazarovka, Slavgorod district, Altai Territory)
Son – Alim Galievich Adilbekov
Daughter – Adilbekova Roza Galievna
Adopted daughter – Akhmadieva Farida Shakirovna
Awards
Medal "For the Defence of Stalingrad" (July 1943)
Order of the Red Banner (13.02.1942)
Order of the Red Banner (posthumously 1943)
"Award Personal Watch" (September 1943)
Memory
Museum – Ukraine
Guards Lieutenant Colonel G.A. Adilbekov was buried in the War mass grave village of Lukovitsa, Pereyaslavsky district, Kyiv region in Ukraine. A museum of military glory has been created at the school, where the memory of the commander Adilbekov G.A. is carefully kept.
Museum – Alma-Ata
In the district officers' house in Almaty, in the museum created by V.I.Panfilova – the daughter of the legendary division commander, a separate stand is dedicated to Galiy Adilbekovich.
References
Literature
Memoirs
Video
"Unknown tank ace, Kazakh Galiy Adilbekov" / Digital Astana // video YouTube
External links
This article is in part a translation of the corresponding article in the Spanish edition of Wikipedia, Galiy Adilbekovich Adilbekov.
Soviet Tank Aces (in Russian)
1908 births
1943 deaths
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Soviet military personnel killed in World War II
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Soviet Army officers
Klenovaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 93 as of 2002.
Geography
Klenovaya is located 60 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Brusenets is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Luis Alberto Rivera Morales (born 21 June 1987, in Agua Prieta) is a Mexican long jumper. His personal best is 8.46 metres, achieved in July 2013.
He attended Central Arizona College, where he learned English. After finishing his General Studies degree, he attended the University of Arizona, where he was named all-American in long jump. He finished his Bachelor in Science in Industrial Engineering.
Currently, he is studying his PhD in Systems and Industrial Engineering.
In 2013, Luis Rivera competed at the World University Games held in Kazan, Russia, where he jumped 8.46 meters to take the gold medal in a head-to-head battle with Russian national favorite Aleksandr Menkov, who finished 4 cm behind. Rivera's winning jump became the Mexican national record, and the University Games record.
Just over a month later, at the World Championships in Moscow, Russia, Menkov was again in the competition. This time Menkov took the gold with the Russian National record of 8.56 m while Rivera took the bronze medal with a jump of 8.27 m.
His brother, Edgar Rivera, competes in the high jump. He has participated in various international competitions, including the World Universiade in Shenzhen, China, and in Kazan, Russia. He also participated in two world championships, in Daegu, Korea 2011 and Moscow, Russia 2013.
Competition record
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Mexican male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Mexico
Sportspeople from Sonora
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
People from Agua Prieta
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
Central Arizona College alumni
Arizona Wildcats men's track and field athletes
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade gold medalists for Mexico
Competitors at the 2011 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Pan American Games competitors for Mexico
21st-century Mexican people
20th-century Mexican people
The Riverside Boat Club is a private, non-profit, rowing club on the Charles River in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States of America. Founded in 1869 by workers from the Riverside Press.
Prominent members
Lauren Schmetterling - 2016 US Olympic Team member (Women's Open Eight)
Alex Rothmeier - 2009 US National Team member (Lightweight Men's Pair)
Hillary Saeger - 2009 US National Team member (Lightweight Women's Quadruple Sculls)
Stefanie Sydlik - 2009 US National Team member (Lightweight Women's Quadruple Sculls)
John Wainwright - 2009 US National Team member (Lightweight Men's Pair)
Liane Malcos - 2008 US Olympic Team member (Alternate)
Will Daly - 2007 US National Team member (Men's Lightweight Eight)
Andrew Diebold - 2007 US National Team member (Men's Lightweight Eight)
Jeff Forrester - 2007 US National Team member (Men's Lightweight Eight)
Esther Lofgren - 2007 US National Team member (Spare)
John Nichols - 2007 US National Team member (Men's Lightweight Eight)
Tyler Resch - 2007 US National Team member (Men's Lightweight Eight)
Greg Ruckman - 2007 US National Team member (Men's Lightweight Eight)
Andrew Hashway - 2012 US National Team member (Men's Lightweight Eight)
Bruce Smith - 2007 US National Team Coaching Staff
Kent Smack - 2001 US National Team member (Men's Double Sculls); 2004 USA Olympic Team
See also
List of Charles River boathouses
References
Rowing clubs in the United States
Organizations based in Cambridge, Massachusetts
Clubs and societies in Massachusetts
Sport clubs established in 1869
1869 establishments in Massachusetts
The Canon de 120 mm L modèle 1878 – was a French piece of siege and field artillery which was widely used during the First World War and despite its obsolescence, it was still in use by some nations during the Second World War.
History
The Canon de 120 mm L modèle 1878 was one of a series of heavy artillery pieces designed by Colonel Charles Ragon de Bange. On 11 May 1874 three de Bange heavy cannons (120 mm, 155 mm, 240 mm) and two mortars (220 mm, 270 mm) were ordered by the French Army. The mle 1878 was advanced for its time due to being built completely of steel instead of a steel liner and cast iron reinforcing hoops of the previous Canon de 240 mm C mle 1870-87.
Design
The 120 mm L mle 1878 was a breech loaded gun with a de Bange obturator and used separate loading bagged charges and projectiles. It had a box trail carriage, two wooden spoked wheels with steel rims and an unsprung axle. The 120 mm L mle 1878 was lighter and more mobile than its heavier brother the Canon 155 mm L mle 1877. It had roughly the same range and rate of fire as the Canon 155 mm L mle 1877, but it fired a lighter projectile. The 120 mm L mle 1878 was classified as a siege et de place (stationary siege gun) for the defense and attack of Fortifications. In line with this mission, the carriage was tall because it was expected that its barrel would project out over a forts parapet and use its range to provide counter-battery fire against enemy artillery.
First world war
Although the majority of combatants had heavy field artillery prior to the outbreak of the First World War, none had adequate numbers of heavy guns in service, nor had they foreseen the growing importance of heavy artillery once the Western Front stagnated and trench warfare set in. Fortresses, armories, coastal fortifications, and museums were scoured for heavy artillery and sent to the front. Suitable field and rail carriages were built for these guns in an effort to give their forces the heavy field artillery needed to overcome trenches and hardened concrete fortifications.
An early drawback of the gun was that it involved considerable time to prepare a firing platform made of timbers before use. An external recoil cylinder was then bolted to the platform and connected to the bottom of the gun carriage. Without it, the gun had no recoil mechanism and when fired the gun rolled back onto a set of ramps behind the wheels and then slid back into battery. In order to traverse the carriage had to be levered into position and due to its lack of recoil mechanism, it had to be re-aimed after every shot, which limited its rate of fire. An early modification to make the guns suitable for field use was the fitting of Bonagente grousers to the wheels to improve balance and reduce ground pressure on soft ground. An added bonus was they slowed recoil and didn't require extensive site preparation to bring the guns into action.
At the outbreak of WWI, there were 2,417 in reserve or at forts. Due to its light weight, good range, and heavy shell 120 were chosen to equip horse-drawn artillery units at the outbreak of the First World war in order to give them heavy artillery and they could be towed at . The end of the box trail could be attached to a limber for towing and each gun was provided with a caisson for ammunition. For transport, the 120 mm L mle 1878 could be transported in one piece by a horse team in comparison to the Canon 155 mm L mle 1877 which needed to have its barrel removed from the carriage and transported separately. However, the barrel could be pulled rearward and fastened to the trail for transport.
Experiments with motor traction during 1914 were successful and there was a requirement for 100 batteries to be motorized in 1915. Motorization promised speeds of and although mobile, the carriage was lightly built which negatively affected its durability when used as a field piece. During the Second Battle of Champagne in 1915, 60% of the pieces never reached the front due to being damaged during transport and afterwards towing speed was restricted to .
Second world war
At the end of the first world war, there were still 526 guns in French service. In 1939 there were 600 pieces in reserve and During the Second World War. A number equipped the forts of the Séré system of Rivières des Hauts-de-Meuse (Fort Troyon and Fort Liouville ) with another 92 in artillery regiments of the Maginot Line. A number were also still in use with Belgium, Finland, Italy, and Poland.
Variants
Affût-truck Peigné-Canet mle 1897 – Was developed by Lieutenant Colonel Peigné and engineer Gustave Canet at the turn of the century. This conversion involved mounting the guns on rail wagons which ran on narrow-gauge tracks at the forts of Verdun, Toul, Épinal, and Belfort. Each fortress was supposed to have twelve 155 C and eight 120 L guns on the same carriage. These allowed the guns to be quickly re-positioned to different parts of the fort and brought up ammunition and supplies. The guns were mounted on flatbed rail-cars with folding side panels that created a circular base when unfolded, they were also stabilized with four folding outriggers. The guns were mounted on articulated center pivot gun mounts which provided high angles of elevation, 360° of traverse and an integrated hydro-pneumatic recoil mechanism.
Gun Shields – In 1914 some guns were fitted with gun shields, but the protection provided was poor and they rattled excessively during transport so they were removed.
Carriage and recoil mechanism – It is believed that in addition to mounting the barrel of the Canon de 155 mm L mle 1877 on a carriage that Schneider designed for the Russian M1910 Howitzer to create the Canon de 155 L modèle 1877/14 Schneider, a limited number were also built with Canon de 120 mm L modèle 1878 barrels.
120 mm L mle 1878/16 – In order to replace losses and expand the numbers of guns in service the mle 1878 was put back into production in 1916. The resulting guns were classified as mle 1887/16 and incorporated the following changes: a simplified and strengthened carriage, the carriage didn't need to be connected to a limber for motor towing, increased 45° elevation, and the gun barrel didn't need to be withdrawn before transport. Lastly, the closing mechanism for the breech was reworked.
Armata wz. 1878/09/31 and wz. 1878/10/31 – This conversion carried out in 1931 by the Starachowice Arsenal in Poland involved removing the barrel from the original carriage and mounting them on the carriages of 152 mm howitzer M1909 and 152 mm howitzer M1910 captured during the Polish-Soviet War. The recoil mechanism, lower height and integral loading tray improved the rate of fire to three rounds per minute and an enlarged propellant chamber gave higher velocity and slightly improved range . Approximately 48 guns were converted.
Ammunition
Types of ammunition available were:
Common
Gas
High Explosive
Incendiary
Shrapnel
Users
- At least 2 artillery batteries remained in active use until the Second World War. One battery saw limited combat use with the 5th Army Corps, while another battery was employed as coastal artillery.
– During the Winter War 78 guns were given to Finland. After Poland was defeated Germany sold 24 captured wz. 1878/10/31 guns to Finland and these served until 1944.
– During the First World War Germany operated as many as 40 captured guns and after French ammunition supplies ran out they produced their own ammunition.
– Received by the French during the First World War. Used in the Macedonian front, they later equipped the Heavy Artillery Regiment of the Army of Asia Minor during the Greco-Turkish War of 1919–1922, and were still used during World War II
– During the First World War 160 guns were delivered to Italy and at the outbreak of the Second World War 74 guns were still in operation. After the occupation of Southern France, another 59 were added.
- An unknown number were used by Serbia during both the Balkan Wars and First World War.
– The Germans captured a number of these guns but their use is unknown.
– 54 guns were supplied to Poland in 1919 and 48 were later converted to Armata wz. 1878/09/31 and wz. 1878/10/31.
– 72 guns were supplied to Romania during the First World War.
- US troops used a combination of French and British artillery during the First World War due to insufficient production of US made guns.
Photo Gallery
References
Artillery of France
World War I artillery of France
World War I guns
Siege artillery
Artillery of Greece
SMS Cyclop was a of the Prussian Navy (later the Imperial German Navy) that was launched in 1860. A small vessel, armed with only three light guns, Cyclop served during the three wars of German unification; during the first, the Second Schleswig War on 1864, she guarded the Prussian coastline but saw no action. She supported the army's campaign against the Kingdom of Hanover during the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, and she defended the Elbe for the duration of the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–1871, but again took part in no battles. Badly deteriorated by 1872, she was stricken from the naval register in March that year and reconstructed into an iron-hulled gunboat. Recommissioned in 1875, she thereafter served abroad in the German colonial empire before being stricken again in 1888. She was thereafter used as a storage hulk before ultimately being broken up for scrap after 1914.
Design
Cyclop was long, with a beam of and a draft of . She displaced at full load. The ship's crew consisted of 4 officers and 67 enlisted men. She was powered by a single marine steam engine that drove one 3-bladed screw propeller, with steam provided by two coal-fired trunk boilers, which gave her a top speed of at . As built, she was equipped with a three-masted schooner rig. The ship was armed with a battery of one rifled 24-pounder gun and two rifled 12-pounder guns.
Service history
Construction – 1868
The keel for Cyclop was laid down in 1859 at the Königliche Werft (Royal Dockyard) in Danzig, and she was launched on 8 September 1860. Normally, new ships underwent sea trials upon completion, but budgetary shortages prevented the Prussian Navy from running a thorough examination of the vessel. Instead, the crew was limited to what could be observed during the short trip from Danzig to the naval arsenal at Dänholm off Stralsund. Upon arrival, she was laid up. The Prussian Navy planned to reactivate Cyclop in December 1863 owing to rising tensions between Prussia and Austria of the German Confederation and Denmark over the latter's November Constitution, which integrated the duchies of Schleswig, Holstein, and Lauenburg with Denmark, a violation of the London Protocol that had ended the First Schleswig War. Crew shortages and poor weather prevented Cyclop from being commissioned until January 1864.
Following the outbreak of the Second Schleswig War in February, Cyclop served as the flagship of the III Division, which helped to defend the Prussian coast from the superior Danish fleet. In April, the III Division was deactivated and the gunboats were transferred to the Reserve Division. After the war, Cyclop took part in a naval review held for King Wilhelm I, followed by a tour of ports in Holstein with now Konteradmiral (Rear Admiral) Jachmann. On 15 September, Cyclop arrived in the new Prussian naval base at Kiel. In late 1864, she became the guard ship at the entrance to the Eider Canal, and she remained in this role through early 1866. During this period, in 1865, the boat's 24-pounder was replaced with a rifled 68-pounder gun. On 14 January 1866, Cyclop was transferred to the coastal fortification at Friedrichsort outside Kiel, along with the gunboat and several cannon-armed shallops; these units formed the II Company of the Naval Artillery Division.
Wilhelm I ordered the Navy to begin mobilization on 15 May as war with Austria became likely, leading to the Austro-Prussian War, which broke out in June. Cyclop was transferred to the North Sea along with the ironclad , which led the North Sea Flotilla of gunboats that was commanded by then-Korvettenkapitän (KK—Corvette Captain) Reinhold von Werner. For the duration of the conflict, the flotilla operated out of Geestemünde. Without a naval threat from Austria, the Prussian navy therefore concentrated its effort against the Kingdom of Hanover. On 15 June, Cyclop, Arminius and the gunboat covered the crossing of the Elbe river by General Edwin von Manteuffel and some 13,500 soldiers to attack the city of Hanover. From mid-July to early October, Cyclop served as the tender to the frigate . Cyclop returned to Dänholm on 14 October and was decommissioned there.
1869–1874
Cyclop remained out of service until 22 March 1869, when she was reactivated for service first as a guard ship in Kiel. She conducted a survey off Hörup Haff and Alsen for a shooting range for the old frigate , then assigned to the artillery school. In mid-June, Cyclop and two tugboats towed a floating crane from the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin to the Königliche Werft in Kiel. She then took part in the annual fleet maneuvers in August and September, after which her crew was reduced in Kiel for the remainder of the year. In early 1870, Cyclop helped pull the armored frigate free after she ran aground off the island of Langeland and towed her to Kiel for repairs. The damage proved to be too extensive for the Königliche Werft to complete, and so Friedrich Carl had to be towed to Britain; Cyclop escorted the ship through the Skagerrak.
After France declared war on Prussia in July 1870, initiating the Franco-Prussian War, Cyclop and two smaller gunboats were transferred to guard the mouth of the Elbe river. She remained there for the duration of the conflict but saw no action against the French Navy. After the Prussian victory in 1871, which saw the creation of the German Empire, along with the Imperial German Navy, she returned to her previous role as a tender in Kiel. During the year, she assisted in the transfer of a new floating dry dock from Swinemünde to Kiel in company with the ironclad and the paddle steamer . Repeated, negative experiences with Danish pilots led the Imperial Navy to send Cyclop to assist with navigation off Langeland. In August, Cyclop served as a tender to the aviso , which had returned from a scientific expedition.
On 11 November, Cyclop was scheduled to begin an overhaul in Danzig, but an inspection of the hull revealed it to be in too poor a condition. Accordingly, she was stricken from the naval register on 19 March 1872 to be rebuilt. Her old wooden hull was broken up and a new iron frame was constructed. The completed vessel was re-launched on 5 August 1874, though some historians, including Hans Hildebrand, Albert Röhr, and Hans-Otto Steinmetz do not consider the iron-hulled ship to be the same vessel.
1875–1881
Cyclop was recommissioned for service overseas on 27 March 1875. The ship thereafter conducted sea trials that lasted into early May. Her crew thereafter began preparations for a deployment to East Asian waters, which began on 9 May with her departure from Germany. At that time, Chinese pirates threatened European merchant vessels in the region, and Cyclop was sent to protect German ships; her shallow draft would also permit her to enter Chinese rivers to attack pirate groups. She reached Singapore on 17 July, and while there, the ship received orders to make a courtesy visit to the king of Siam. Cyclop thereafter arrived in Hong Kong on 9 August, where she met the screw frigate and the screw corvette . The cruiser unit there was at that time commanded by Eduard von Knorr aboard Ariadne.
The ship's first operation in Chinese waters began on 27 September, while the gunboat was in Amoy. The schooner Anna had been seized and run aground by a group of Chinese pirates at Fuzhou, who had murdered the ship's captain and helmsman. Cyclop sent a landing party ashore, who found the pirates, who were in possession of part of the schooner's cargo. Knorr planned further anti-piracy operations in the area, but the German ambassador in Beijing intervened to prevent an escalation between Germany and China, leading to the chief of the (Imperial Admiralty), Albrecht von Stosch, to issue new orders that restricted the ability of German naval commanders in the region to act.
In February 1876, Cyclop sailed to Taiping Island in the South China Sea; she carried a memorial that was sent to commemorate the assistance given to the crew of the schooner F.S. Robertson, which had been wrecked on the island three years earlier on 8 July 1873. The local populace had come to the aid of the ship's crew, treated the injured, and helped to salvage the cargo, and the government had refused any reward from the German shipping company. Otto von Bismarck, then the German Chancellor, suggested to Wilhelm I that a monument be sent instead to recognize the efforts to help the crew. The monument arrived in early 1876, and Cyclop carried it to Taiping Island, helping to erect it there on 22 March. Cyclop departed two days later and sailed to Hong Kong, where she met Ariadne and Hertha. There, they awaited the arrival of the screw frigate , whose commander, Alexander von Monts, replaced Knorr as the local commander.
Hertha and Ariande thereafter returned to Germany, being replaced by the corvette and the gunboat ; the four ships were thereafter organized as a squadron. Cyclop remained on station in East Asia through 1880, and during this period, she cruised throughout the region, visiting major ports as far north as Siberia and conducting hydrographic and topographical surveys. The ship typically spent the winter months at Tianjin. At the time, the ship's white paint was unusual, which led to her nickname "the white gunboat" among the crews of other warships in the region. By late 1880, the ship was in need of a thorough overhaul, and so she was relieved by the gunboat . On 1 January 1881, Cyclop began the voyage back to Germany, arriving in Kiel on 28 April, where she was laid up for an overhaul at the there.
1882–1914
Cyclop was recommissioned after the completion of the overhaul on 1 April 1882. She was initially assigned to fishery protection duties in the North Sea. While in Wilhelmshaven, she received orders on 7 August for a cruise to the eastern Mediterranean Sea, where she would join Germany's response to the ʻUrabi revolt in Egypt, which also included the screw corvettes and , the aviso , and the gunboats and . In June 1882, the revolutionaries, led by Ahmed ‘Urabi and angered by foreign influence in the country, murdered fifty Europeans, prompting the British Royal Navy to bombard Alexandria and then land forces to pursue the rebels. In the wake of the conflict, the German government determined that warships should be sent to protect Germans in the country. Cyclop arrived in Port Said, Egypt, on 2 October and she remained in the region, based in Alexandria, into January 1883.
While in Egypt, Cyclop embarked Field Marshall Prince Friedrich Karl from Suez to El Tor, Egypt, where he made a visit to the interior. Cyclop provided three armed sailors as a bodyguard. Friedrich Karl returned to the ship at Suez, and on 12 February, she took him to Jaffa. In April, she cruised off the coast of Marmarica, where she conducted shooting practice. A scholar, Professor Schweinfurth, was aboard the ship at that time to conduct studies of ports in the region. On 1 May, the admiralty ordered Cyclop to return to Germany as the situation in Egypt had calmed, and she arrived back in Wilhelmshaven on 21 July. She returned to fishery protection duties on 19 August, which lasted through most of 1884. Increased competition between fishing vessels in the North Sea led to attacks on German boats by British sailors, prompting the German government to intervene diplomatically. Tensions had reduced by August 1884, allowing Cyclop to take part in the annual fleet maneuvers later that month and into September. On 30 September, the ship was decommissioned in Wilhelmshaven.
The admiralty had intended for Cyclop to remain in service for fishery protection duties in 1885, but by that time, small warships were needed to enforce the German colony in Kamerun, which had recently been seized. Before she could depart, Cyclop was taken into the shipyard to have her ventilation improved for service in the tropics. The ship got underway on 23 April and arrived at Duala, Kamerun, on 6 July. At around the same time, the only major warship on the station, the screw corvette , left for German East Africa, leaving Cyclop in company with just Habicht. Cyclop then cruised along the coast to conduct cartographic surveys of the colony. The crew suffered in the tropical climate, and malaria was a particularly significant problem. Many men were hospitalized at Suellaba and later at Joss. The experience led the admiralty to decide to replace crews on the station after one year instead of the normal two-year rotation.
In February 1886, Cyclop went to Bimbia to suppress a revolt against German rule. The ship returned to Duala to be present for the ceremonial beginning construction of the colonial government building with the first imperial governor, Julius von Soden. The ship next visited Saint Helena from 10 to 16 September. In early October, the ship was intentionally grounded in the mouth of the Wouri River so the crew could perform maintenance on the hull. Cyclop later went to Luanda in Portuguese Angola for additional repairs that lasted into January 1887. From early April to the end of May, Cyclop was involved in the adjustment of the border between Kamerun and British Nigeria. The town of Bonny was at that time claimed by Germany as part of Kamerun, but it was surrounded on three sides by Nigeria, and Germany exchanged it in return for adjustments elsewhere. Men from Cyclop were given the honor of carrying out the formal transfer.
On 10 June 1888, Cyclop sent a detachment of armed sailors to escort a scientific expedition into the interior of Kamerun. Heavy attacks by local rebels soon forced the expedition to turn back. By that time, the ship's propulsion system was badly worn out, and she was capable of steaming at just ; given her age, it was decided that an overhaul of her machinery would be cost prohibitive. The navy ordered she is converted into a hulk for use as a floating hospital, ammunition storage, and a work station on 6 September, and on 25 September, she was again struck from the naval register. She nevertheless remained in service to assist in the suppression of a rebellion at Batanga. On 1 November, she was disarmed and placed out of service. She was anchored at Suellaba with a crew of one deck officer and several sailors. Her masts and machinery were removed in 1900. In 1914, Britain invaded Kamerun early in World War I, and after they conquered the colony, they seized Cyclop and sold her to ship breakers.
Footnotes
Notes
Citations
References
1860 ships
Camäleon-class gunboats
Ships built in Danzig
Ypsolopha nemorella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in northern and central Europe, mid-eastern China and Russia.
The wingspan is 21–24 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August. It is one of the larger species in the genus Ypsolopha. It has a distinct dark spot on the creamy forewing. Meyrick describes it- Head and thorax ochreous whitish, patagia light ochreous. Forewings with apex falcate;whitish -ochreous, more or less brownish -tinged between veins, with scattered black scales; a darker brownish streak along fold; a black dot below fold before middle. Hindwings pale grey, darker terminally. The larvarosy-ochreous; dorsal line whitish; 7 and 9 with oblique black lateral marks.
The larvae feed on Lonicera species.
References
External links
Ypsolophidae
Moths described in 1758
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Zeyar or Ziar or Ziyar () may refer to:
Ziar, Golestan
Ziar, Isfahan
Zeyar, Mazandaran
Ziyar, after whom the Ziyarid dynasty was named by one of his sons
List of ships built by Aberdeen shipbuilders Hall, Russell & Company, from yard number 201 to 300.
The ships built in the sequence 201 to 300 cover the period 1876 — 1896. The majority of vessels built during this period were smaller cargo vessels, such as those built for the North of Scotland, Orkney & Shetland Steam Navigation Company, that would go on to become a regular customer of the yard. Notable vessels during this period include the Zafiro, the first steel vessel built by the yard and the Balgairn which was wrecked two days into its delivery voyage to Cardiff.
Notes
Where available, vessel measurements taken from Lloyd's Register, giving registered length, beam and draft. Hall, Russell and Company's own measurements typically are length overall, beam and moulded depth.
Yard Number 226 (Balgairn) wrecked 2 days after leaving Aberdeen on delivery/maiden voyage to Cardiff, and was the shortest lived ship built by Hall, Russell and Company.
References
Ships built in Scotland
Anton Coenrad Pitout (born 20 November 1976) is a South African former rugby union footballer.
Life
Having previously played for the and the in Super Rugby, and internationally for South Africa 7s, Pitout joined Irish province Munster in September 2005, despite having an offer from famous French club Toulouse. There was much fanfare around Pitout's move to Munster, but his time with the province was not successful, with Pitout managing just 5 appearances during the 2005–06 season, before to join Japanese side Ricoh Black Rams.
References
External links
Munster Profile
ESPN Scrum Profile
Living people
1976 births
South African rugby union players
Munster Rugby players
Rugby union wings
Rugby union centres
South Africa international rugby sevens players
Commonwealth Games medallists in rugby sevens
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for South Africa
Rugby sevens players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Bend City is a former settlement in Inyo County, California. It was located on the Owens River near the modern-day town of Kearsarge. Founded in the 1863, Bend City was originally a mining camp. Bend City was the site of the first county bridge spanning the Owens River. The 1872 Lone Pine earthquake changed the course of the river away from the townsite, which had already declined. The site is now registered as California Historical Landmark #209.
California Historical Landmark
Bend City is a California Historical Landmark number 209, assigned on June 20, 1935.
The California Historical Landmark reads:
NO. 209 Sites OF BEND CITY - Bend City, a population center in the middle 1860s, was designated as the seat of Coso County, but the county was never formed. It was here that the first county bridge across Owens River was constructed. The 1872 earthquake changed the course of Owens River, so the site of Bend City was near an empty ravine instead of on a river bank.
See also
California Historical Landmarks in Inyo County
History of California through 1899
References
External links
Bend City from www.ghosttowns.com Photos from the site.
Former settlements in Inyo County, California
Populated places established in 1863
Ghost towns in Inyo County, California
California Historical Landmarks
Matt Sweeney is a special effects artist who was nominated at the 68th Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual Effects along with Leslie Ekker, Michael Kanfer and Robert Legato. They were nominated for their work on the film Apollo 13.
Sweeney has received 3 Technical Achievement Awards at the Academy Awards.
59th Academy Awards: For the development of an automatic capsule gun for simulating bullet hits for motion picture special effects (with Lucinda Strub).
70th Academy Awards: For the development and realization of Liquid Synthetic Air (with James F. Foley, Charles Converse and F. Edward Gardner (of UCISCO); and to Robert W. Stoker, Jr.).
74th Academy Awards: For the concept, design and realization of the "Mic Rig" (with Mic Rodgers)
Selected filmography
The Goonies (1985)
Lethal Weapon 2 (1989)
Apollo 13 (1995)
Galaxy Quest (1999)
Fast and Furious (2009)
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Special effects people
Best Visual Effects BAFTA Award winners
Academy Award for Technical Achievement winners
Dor () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 6 as of 2002.
Geography
Dor is located 8 km south of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Konets is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Kathleen Ann Goonan (May 14, 1952 – January 28, 2021) was an American science fiction writer. Several of her books have been nominated for the Nebula Award. Her debut novel Queen City Jazz was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year, and her novel In War Times was chosen by the American Library Association as Best Science Fiction Novel for their 2008 reading list. In July 2008, In War Times won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel. Her novel This Shared Dream was released in July 2011 by Tor Books.
Personal life
Goonan was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, the setting of her first novel, and at age eight moved to Hawaii, the setting for her second novel, while her father worked for the Navy for two years. In her last years, she divided her time between the Smoky Mountains in Tennessee and the Florida Keys with her husband, Joseph Mansy, whom she married in 1977.
She earned a degree in English literature and philosophy from Virginia Polytechnic Institute, and, following graduation, received an Association Montessori Internationale teaching certification from the Montessori Institute in Washington, D.C. She then opened a Montessori school in Knoxville. Following a later move to Hawaii, she became a full-time writer. She was a Professor of the Practice of Creative Writing and Science Fiction at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
On January 28, 2021, Goonan died from bone cancer.
Fiction
Goonan is best known for novels which give snapshots taken at different times of a world where nano- and biotechnologies ("bionan") produce deep changes in humans and their habitat. She explored themes of cultural and social change and catastrophe. She was a great lover of jazz and music in general, and peppered her tales with references to (and reincarnations of) the likes of Duke Ellington, Charlie Parker, and Sun Ra.
Goonan's first novel, Queen City Jazz (Tor), was published in 1994 to critical acclaim including from cyberpunk SF writer William Gibson who described it as "An unforgettable vision of America transfigured by a new and utterly apocalyptic technology." It was a New York Times Notable Book for 1994 and a finalist in 1998 for the British Science Fiction Association Award. It became the first book in what she would later call her Nanotech Quartet. Because of Gibson's praise, her work has sometimes grouped with cyberpunk. However, she deals little with computers in her novels, and her characters, such as Verity, the protagonist of Queen City Jazz, are positive and sometimes heroic, while cyberpunk concerns itself with anti-heroes. This has led to some SF critics dubbing a new subgenre 'nanopunk'.
While her second novel, 1996's The Bones of Time (Tor), featured some elements of nanotechnology science within it, it is not part of the Quartet, and was not centered on these ideas. Instead, it mixes Hawaiian mythology with a spy thriller-type chase through Asia centered on the cloning of one of Hawaii's native rulers. This novel was an Arthur C Clarke Award finalist.
Mississippi Blues (Tor) followed in 1997 as a direct sequel to Queen City Jazz, following the further adventures of her main character Verity along a Mississippi River radically changed by malfunctioning nanotech. It is somewhat of a tribute to the great American author Mark Twain, who appears in the book as two separate characters who have been programmed with nanotech into believing they are him. This novel won the Hall of Fame Darrel Award in conjunction with her short story "The Bride of Elvis" for their contribution to speculative fiction set in the Mid-South of America.
Crescent City Rhapsody (HarperCollins) was published in 2000 as a prequel, explaining how the world of Queen City Jazz came about as the U.S. government conspired to introduce nanotechnology that was not tested for possible side effects. It was a finalist for the Nebula Award, and received high praise from her peers including such genre authors as Joe Haldeman, Greg Bear, Gregory Benford, and Stephen R. Donaldson. Much of the novel takes place in New Orleans, and was written five years before Hurricane Katrina struck.
Light Music, published in 2002 (HarperCollins), concludes the Nanotech Quartet. This novel looks at the further evolution of humanity under the influence of "bionan", and ties it in with an alien presence apparently responsible for "El Silencio", the great radio silence of Crescent City Rhapsody that paved the way for the nanotech takeover. Light Music received a starred review in Booklist and was also reviewed in the New York Times. Once more, other science fiction authors spoke highly of her work including Kim Stanley Robinson, David Brin, and, again, William Gibson.
In War Times, published in 2007 (Tor), is set in World War II. This novel represents a major departure from her nanotech novels, mixing elements of historical fiction with the alternate history subgenre of science fiction. There is no mention of nanotech in the book, though it does deal with other technology both real and theoretical throughout the novel. In War Times is centered on secret technologies used during the war and extrapolates on what might have happened if some of those had surpassed atomic tech and created a lasting peace instead of a Cold War. Without ever using the specific term, Goonan clearly considers the concept of the multiverse first postulated by American philosopher and psychologist William James in 1895 and now a serious theory within physics. This novel was chosen by the American Library Association as Best Science Fiction Novel for their 2008 reading list. It also was the winner of the 2008 John W. Campbell Memorial Award.
Goonan's novelette "Creatures with Wings" appeared in the 2010 anthology Engineering Infinity, edited by Jonathan Strahan. Her novelette "Wilder Still, the Stars" was published in Strahan's 2014 anthology Reach for Infinity.
Goonan's newest novel, This Shared Dream, published in 2011, continues the story from In War Times. The three Dance children are now adults and coping with being seemingly abandoned by their parents. All three are disturbed by memories of a reality that existed in place of their world. Jill, the eldest daughter, even remembers the disappearance of their mother while preventing the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Key characters from In War Times make appearances in This Shared Dream while trying to thwart the machinations of an unseen enemy bent on using the Hadntz Device to alter history for their ends. This Shared Dream received a glowing review by Michael Dirda of The Washington Post.
Novels
Nanotech Quartet
Queen City Jazz
Mississippi Blues
Crescent City Rhapsody
Light Music
Other novels
The Bones of Time
In War Times
This Shared Dream
Essays
Science Fiction and All That Jazz
The Biological Century and the Future of Science Fiction
Consciousness and Literature: A writer's view
See also
Nanopunk
Posthuman
Notes
External links
Kathleen Ann Goonan's web site
Links to her stories available online
Locus Interview, 2001
A World Altered by Nanotechnology, on Amazon
Interview with Kathleen A. Goonan, on Transhumanity
Interview for the Frankenstein project
Consciousness, Literature, & Science Fiction by Kathleen Ann Goonan (pdf)
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American science fiction writers
American women short story writers
American women novelists
Montessori teachers
Cyberpunk writers
1952 births
2021 deaths
Deaths from bone cancer
Deaths from cancer in the United States
Writers from Cincinnati
Virginia Tech alumni
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
Bodianus neopercularis, is a species of wrasse from the family Labridae which is native to tropical and warm temperate waters of the Indo-West Pacific, particularly the Marshall Islands. A record of Bodianus opercularis from Palau has now been reidentified as this species.
References
Further reading
Parenti, Paolo, and John E. Randall. "Checklist of the species of the families Labridae and Scaridae: an update." Smithiana Bulletin 13 (2011): 29–44.
External links
neopercularis
Taxa named by Martin F. Gomon
Fish described in 2006
Phoebe Stanley (born 17 October 1985) is an Australian rower. She was a ten-time Australian national champion, including four victories as the stroke of Victorian state Queen's Cup winning eights. She won medals at world championships and represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in rowing.
Personal
Stanley was born on 17 October 1985 in Geelong. She was educated at Wallington Primary School and The Geelong College in Victoria before studying for a Bachelor of Science at the University of Melbourne from 2004 to 2007. She dealt with a heart arrhythmia in 2011. In 2012, she lived in the Melbourne suburb of St. Kilda.
Club and state rowing
Stanley is a rower competing in pairs and doubles races. Her senior club rowing has been from the Melbourne University Boat Club.
Stanley first represented for her state of Victoria in the 2005 youth eight contesting the Bicentennial Cup at the Interstate Regatta within the Australian Rowing Championships. She stroked that Victorian eight to victory. In 2007 she was selected in the Victorian senior women's eight to compete for the Queen's Cup at the Interstate Regatta. She raced in eight successive victorious Victorian Queen's Cup eights from 2007 to 2014 including the emphatic 2008 13 sec margin victory. She stroked those crews in 2007, 2010, 2011 and 2012.
In Melbourne University colours she contested national championship titles at the Australian Rowing Championships on a number of occasions. She stroked a Melbourne Uni crews to the open women's eight championship and the open women's coxless pair title at the 2011 Australian Rowing Championships in West Lakes, Australia.
International representative rowing
Stanley's Australian representative debut was in 2006 at the World Rowing U23 Championships in Hazewinkel, Belgium. She raced in the Australian eight (to a fifth placing) and in a coxless pair with Katelyn Gray to a bronze medal. In 2007 she was elevated to the Australian senior women's squad. She competed at the World Rowing Cups I and II in Europe before racing at the 2007 World Rowing Championships in Munich in the coxless four to a bronze medal.
In the lead up to the 2008 Summer Olympics Stanley was in contention for the Australian eight. She raced in the two seat of the eight at the World Rowing Cup I in Munich but for the World Rowing Cup II in Lucerne she and Robyn Selby Smith were pushed into a coxless pair. For the 2008 Beijing Olympics Selby-Smith and Stanley were beaten out of the bow end of the eight by Pauline Frasca and Brooke Pratley.
Following non-selection, she considered quitting the sport. She returned to Australian representative crews in 2010 competing in the coxless pair with Sarah Tait at the World Rowing Cup III in Lucerne before racing to a fourth placing with Tait at the 2010 World Rowing Championships in Lake Karapiro. In 2011, she finished seventh in the coxless pair at the 2011 World Cup III in Lucerne, Switzerland. She missed the 2011 World Rowing Championships because of health problems.
In 2012 Stanley was vying for a seat in Australia's coxless pair for the Olympics but was beaten out by Tait and Kate Hornsey. Crews were selected in March and Rowing Australia initially decided not to send a women's eight to the 2012 Summer Olympics but this decision was reversed, a squad of ten was selected and soon after Stanley secured her seat at stroke in the Australian women's eight. She led them to victory (and Olympic qualification) in an qualification event in Lucerne; a fifth placing at the World Rowing Cup III in Munich, Germany and fourth place at the World Rowing Cup II in Lucerne, Switzerland. Prior to going to London, she participated in a training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport European Training Centre in Varese, Italy. At the London Olympics, she stroked the Australian eight to a second placed in their heat, final qualification through a repechage and then to sixth place in the Olympic final.
References
Living people
1985 births
Australian female rowers
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
University of Melbourne alumni
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
21st-century Australian women
Henrich Herman Mejer Foss (17 September 1790 – 21 September 1853) was a Norwegian military officer and elected official.
Biography
He was born in Bergen, Norway. He was the son of Jacob Finne Foss (1763-1822) and Margrethe Meyer (born 1763). He completed artillery exams in Copenhagen during 1811.
He participated in the Gunboat War as artillery officer. In 1830 he became the military officer of charge in Christiania (now Oslo). In 1843 he became Major and later Colonel Lieutenant and Battalion Chief. He eventually rose to Lieutenant Colonel in the Norwegian Army, a rank he acquired in 1843.
Foss was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1827 from the constituency Bergen, in 1830 from Moss, and from Christiania in 1833, 1836, 1839, 1842 and 1845. Foss was a member of the Norwegian-Swedish Union Committee (1841-44). He was a minister of government in the Ministry of Marine Affairs (1845-48)
He was mayor of Christiania in 1838, 1840 and 1841.
Foss authored several publications, including Bergens Beskrivelse in 1824 (with Lyder Sagen), publications on politics as well as songs. Some of the songs were intended to celebrate the Norwegian Constitution Day, of which Foss was a proponent. He also proposed a Norwegian civil ensign during the personal union with Sweden.
Streets have been named after him in Bergen and Kongsberg as well as Herman Foss' gate in the district of St. Hanshaugen in Oslo.
References
1790 births
1853 deaths
Military personnel from Bergen
Norwegian Army personnel
Norwegian military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Members of the Storting
Mayors of Oslo
Government ministers of Norway
Order of the Dannebrog
Recipients of the St. Olav's Medal
Politicians from Bergen
The 2019 Malaysia Premier League is the 16th season of the Malaysia Premier League, the second-tier professional football league in Malaysia since its establishment in 2004.
Team changes
A total of 12 teams contested the league, including 8 sides from the 2018 season, 2 relegated from the 2018 Malaysia Super League and 2 promoted from the 2018 Malaysia FAM League.
To Premier League
Promoted from FAM League
Selangor United
Perlis
Relegated from Super League
Kelantan
Negeri Sembilan
From Premier League
Promoted to Super League
FELDA United
MIFA
Relegated to M3 League
None
Notes:
Originally Terengganu City were promoted along with Selangor United as champion of the 2018 Malaysia FAM League, but after Terengganu City blocked from promotion after failing to settle unpaid wages for former players and staffs for last season campaign, Perlis Northern Lions F.C. were invited as replacement after the team are able to showcase a proper financial management.
Originally Felcra were promoted along with Felda United to the 2019 Malaysia Super League, but after Felcra announced their withdrawal from the Super League participation, MISC-MIFA, the next highest team in the Premier League table, were invited as replacement.
No team are relegated from last season due to Kuantan FA expulsion, and Terengganu II being granted reprieve from relegation even though they finished in the bottom two of last season's league.
Disqualification of Perlis Northern Lions F.C.
Earlier, Perlis Northern Lions F.C. together with six teams which are involved with debts are being instructed to submit financial documents before 18 February 2019. After the board of Malaysian Football League (MFL) examine in detail the document from Perlis Northern Lions F.C., it was concluded that Perlis Northern Lions F.C.'s revenue sources including sponsorships are insufficient to manage the teams in the Malaysian League this season. MFL had made the decision to revoke Perlis Northern Lions F.C. involvement in 2019 Malaysia Premier League starting from 20 February.
Stadium and locations
Note: Table lists in alphabetical order.
1 : PDRM used Selayang Stadium until matchday 16. They moved into Hang Jebat Stadium since matchday 17
Personnel and sponsoring
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Coaching changes
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Foreign players
The number of foreign players is restricted to four each team including at least one player from the AFC country.
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Foreign players who left their clubs or were de-registered from playing squad due to medical issues or other matters.
Results
League table
Result table
Positions by round
Qualification to 2019 Malaysia Cup and Malaysia Challenge Cup
Based on the previous season, 5 teams from Malaysia Premier League will qualify into Malaysia Cup. Due to JDT II and Terengganu II status as feeder team, they cannot qualify into Malaysia Cup and will compete in Malaysia Challenge Cup. For the result, top 7 in the league besides these two teams will qualify, as JDT II and Terengganu II will finish in top 5.
Sabah FA became the first team to qualify to Malaysia Cup after Selangor United lost 2–3 to PDRM FA on June 26, given both of them 13 points difference with 4 matches remaining for Selangor United. UiTM F.C. followed Sabah to Malaysia Cup after Selangor United lost 0–2 to Kelantan FA on July 5 - even they also lost to PDRM FA one day after. On July 9, Negeri Sembilan FA became the third team to qualify after won 3–1 home by JDT II. Following 3–1 win over Kelantan FA, PDRM FA became the fourth team to qualify into Malaysia Cup. Penang FA grabbed the final slot to Malaysia Cup after demolished Sarawak FA 6–3 at home; the highest ever goal scored in this season.
Sarawak FA and Kelantan FA confirmed their places to Malaysia Challenge Cup after JDT II and Terengganu II, after PDRM FA won 2-1 by UiTM F.C. - give them 14 points and 10 points difference in 3 matches remaining for both of them respectively. After losing 2–6 to UKM F.C. on Matchday 20, Selangor United qualified into Malaysia Challenge Cup. On July 14, UKM F.C. - the inaugural Malaysia Challenge Cup runner-up, booked the slot into this competition after Penang FA won 6–3 at Bandaraya Stadium.
Relegation play-offs
Season statistics
Source:
Scoring
First goal of the season: Adi Said for UiTM F.C. against PDRM FA, 20 seconds (1 February 2019)
Fastest goal in a match: 20 seconds – Adi Said for UiTM against PDRM (1 February 2019)
Goal scored at the latest point in a match: 90+10 minutes – Akmal Zahir for UKM against Sarawak (2 March 2019)
First own goal of the season: Rawilson Batuil (Sabah) for Kelantan, 53 minutes (8 February 2019)
First hat-trick of the season: Žarko Korać (UiTM) against Kelantan, 71 minutes (8 March)
Fastest hat-trick of the season: Bruno Suzuki (Terengganu II) against UKM, 11 minutes and 52 seconds (26 June)
Most goals scored by one player in a match: 3 goals
Žarko Korać (UiTM) against Kelantan, 13', 25', 84' (8 March 2019)
Ferris Danial Mat Nasir (Negeri Sembilan) against Kelantan, 13', 44', 51' (20 April 2019)
Žarko Korać (UiTM) against UKM, 14', 54', 55' (27 April 2019)
Nicolás Fernández (JDT II) against Terengganu II, 14', 18', 89' (14 June 2019)
Casagrande (Penang) against UiTM, 34', 47', 90+6' (19 June 2019)
Bruno Suzuki (Terengganu II) against UKM, 11', 18', 23' (26 June 2019)
Rodoljub Paunović (Sabah) against Sarawak, 11', 63', 84' (26 June 2019)
Milad Zeneyedpour (UKM) against Selangor United, 31', 36', 75' (9 July 2019)
Widest winning margin: 5 goals
UKM 0-5 UiTM (27 April 2019)
JDT II 5-0 Terengganu II (14 June 2019)
Most goals in a match: 9 goals - Penang 6-3 Sarawak (14 July 2019)
Most goals in one half: 5 goals
Selangor United vs UKM (9 July 2019) 0–3 at half time, 2–6 final
Penang vs Sarawak (14 July 2019) 5–0 at half time, 6–3 final
Most goals in one half by a single team: 5 goals - Penang vs Sarawak (14 July 2019) 5–0 at half time, 6–3 final
Top scorers
Players sorted first by goals, then by last name.
1 Aguero played for Selangor United until matchday 12 and scored 2 goals.
Hat-tricks
Clean sheets
Players sorted first by clean sheets, then by last name.
Clean sheets are given to players who spend at least 45 minutes on the pitch without conceding a goal, even if their team concedes in the remainder of the match.
Most clean sheets – Terengganu II (9)
Fewest clean sheets – Sarawak (3)
Discipline
First yellow card of the season: Shahurain Abu Samah for PDRM against UiTM, 23 minutes (1 February 2019)
First red card of the season: Danial Haqim Draman for Kelantan against Sabah, 89 minutes (8 February 2019)
Card given at latest point in a game: 90+9 minutes
Khairul Izuan (yellow) for PDRM against Penang (20 July 2019)
Khairul Izuan (red) for PDRM against Penang (20 July 2019)
Most yellow cards in a single match: 9
UiTM 3-3 Penang – five for UiTM (Nazrin Bahri, Nur Areff Kamaruddin, Amer Azahar (2) and Park Yong-joon) and four for Penang (Che Safwan Hazman, Casagrande, Ezequiel Agüero and Kang Seung-jo) (19 June 2019)
Most red cards in a single match: 3
PDRM 1–2 Penang - three for PDRM (Khairul Izuan, Shahril Saa'ri and Uche Agaba) (20 July 2019)
Player
Most yellow cards: 7
Azwan Aripin (Kelantan)
Rawilson Batuil (Sabah)
Most red cards: 1
Bruno Soares (JDT II)
Danial Haqim Draman (Kelantan)
Nik Akif Syahiran Nik Mat (Kelantan)
Aiman Khalidi (Negeri Sembilan)
Aroon Kumar Ramaloo (Negeri Sembilan)
Norhafiz Zamani Misbah (Negeri Sembilan)
Khairul Izuan (PDRM)
Shahril Saa'ri (PDRM)
Uche Agaba (PDRM)
Khairul Akmal Rokisham (Penang)
Wan Syukri (Penang)
Rafiq Shah Zaim (Selangor United)
Amer Azahar (UiTM)
Bernard Agele (UiTM)
Faizal Arif (UiTM)
Park Yong-joon (UiTM)
Žarko Korać (UiTM)
Akmal Zahir (UKM)
Saiful Hasnol (UKM)
Club
Most yellow cards: 47
JDT II
Most red cards: 5
UiTM
Awards
Monthly awards
Number of teams by states
See also
2019 Malaysia Super League
2019 Malaysia M3 League
2019 Malaysia M4 League
2019 Malaysia FA Cup
2019 Malaysia Cup
2019 Malaysia Challenge Cup
2019 Piala Presiden
2019 Piala Belia
List of Malaysian football transfers 2019
References
Malaysia Premier League seasons
1
The Lafayette Hotel, Swim Club & Bungalows is a hotel in San Diego, California, United States that opened . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on .
The Lafayette's original name was Imig Manor, owned by local entrepreneur Larry Imig. The Lafayette was originally built at a cost of $2 million on El Cajon Boulevard. When Imig Manor opened in 1946, its first guest was Bob Hope; other celebrities followed. “The buildings and the pool are steeped in the history of Hollywood's heyday, the 1940s and '50s,” according to the developer.
By 1960, Interstate 8 replaced El Cajon Boulevard as the main east-west connector of San Diego, and hotel operations ceased due to the loss of through traffic on El Cajon Boulevard. The building was passed through several owners, until Hampstead Lafayette Partners purchased in North Park, including the Lafayette Hotel, for $11.5 million in March 2004. Hampstead Partners is restoring the Lafayette as a boutique hotel. In 2010 a year-long, $4 million facelift was announced, aided by a $2.4 million loan from the city's Redevelopment Agency. District 3 City Councilmember Todd Gloria called the revitalization a return to the hotel's “glamour and opulence.”
The hotel has a swimming pool designed by Johnny Weissmuller, a ballroom, and 131 guest suites, each named for a great name in film history.
In popular culture
The Lafayette Hotel served as a film set for the feature film Top Gun.
References
External links
The Lafayette Hotel, Swim Club & Bungalows
The Boulevard
preservation site
Hotels in San Diego
Economy of San Diego
Hotels established in 1946
Hotel buildings completed in 1946
National Register of Historic Places in San Diego
1946 establishments in California
Camcon Technology (also Camcon Auto) is a Cambridge-based company focused on the core research and development of the Camcon Binary Actuator, a new class of digital valve technology. It develops high-speed and low-energy control of liquid and gas used in the healthcare industry.
About Camcon
Camcon is based in the UK's Silicon Fen and was founded by Wladyslaw Wygnanski in 2000 as a vehicle to support the development and commercialisation of a new class of binary actuating technology. The Intellectual Property company aims to make the Camcon Binary Actuator a worldwide standard and 32 worldwide patents have already been granted.
The company is developing products based on the Camcon Binary Actuator in a number of industrial markets, including oil & gas, medical, automotive and aviation, where its unique characteristics are deemed to offer the largest financial and technological return.
Camcon is funded by Hit & Run Music Publishing, the management team behind the Genesis (band) and ACUS Managing Partners, an active management venture capitalist that specialises in funding early-stage technology companies.
In 2008, Lord Young of Graffham took on the role of chairman and invested the capital that the company required to complete its current development programme and see the introduction of Camcon products into the market.
References
External links
Official website
Actuators
Companies based in Cambridge
Digital technology
Gas technologies
Colorado was admitted to the Union on August 1, 1876 and elects U.S. senators to Senate Class 2 and Class 3. Its current U.S. senators are Democrats Michael Bennet (serving since 2009) and John Hickenlooper (serving since 2021). Henry M. Teller was Colorado's longest-serving senator (1876–1882; 1885–1909).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| August 1, 1876 –November 15, 1876
| Colorado did not elect its senators until three months after statehood.
| rowspan=2 | 1
|
| rowspan=3 | 1
| Colorado did not elect its senators until three months after statehood.
| August 1, 1876 –November 15, 1876
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 1
| rowspan=4 align=left | Henry M. Teller
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 nowrap | November 15, 1876 –April 17, 1882
| Elected in 1876.
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1876.Retired.
| rowspan=2 nowrap | November 15, 1876 –March 3, 1879
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 align=right | Jerome B. Chaffee
! rowspan=2 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected to next term in 1876 or 1877.Resigned to become U.S. Secretary of the Interior.
| rowspan=5 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 2
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1879.Lost re-nomination.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | March 4, 1879 –March 3, 1885
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 align=right | Nathaniel P. Hill
! rowspan=5 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
! 2
| align=left | George M. Chilcott
| | Republican
| nowrap | April 17, 1882 –January 27, 1883
| Appointed to continue Teller's term.Did not run to finish the term.
|- style="height:2em"
! 3
| align=left | Horace Tabor
| | Republican
| nowrap | January 27, 1883 –March 3, 1883
| Elected to finish Teller's term.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 align=left | Thomas M. Bowen
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1883 –March 3, 1889
| rowspan=3 | Election date unknown.Unknown if retired or lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1885.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | March 4, 1885 –March 3, 1909
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=12 align=right | Henry M. Teller
! rowspan=12 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 5
| rowspan=6 align=left | Edward O. Wolcott
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1889 –March 3, 1901
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1889.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1891.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1895.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 20, 1897.
| rowspan=3 | Silver Republican
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 align=left | Thomas M. Patterson
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1901 –March 3, 1907
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1901.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1903.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=5 | 7
| rowspan=5 align=left | Simon Guggenheim
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 nowrap | March 4, 1907 –March 3, 1913
| rowspan=5 | Elected January 16, 1907.Retired.
| rowspan=5 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=5 | 7
| Elected January 19, 1909.Died.
| nowrap | March 4, 1909 –January 11, 1911
| | Democratic
| align=right | Charles J. Hughes Jr.
! 4
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 |
| rowspan=2 nowrap | January 11, 1911 –January 15, 1913
| rowspan=2 colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Hughes's term.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 15, 1913 –March 3, 1921
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 align=right | Charles S. Thomas
! rowspan=5 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 align=left | John F. Shafroth
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1913 –March 3, 1919
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 14, 1913.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1914.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 9
| rowspan=9 align=left | Lawrence C. Phipps
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | March 4, 1919 –March 3, 1931
| rowspan=6 | Elected in 1918.
| rowspan=6 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 9
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1920.Died.
| rowspan=2 nowrap | March 4, 1921 –March 24, 1923
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 align=right | Samuel D. Nicholson
! rowspan=2 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | March 24, 1923 –May 17, 1923
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Nicholson's term.Retired.
| nowrap | May 17, 1923 –November 30, 1924
| | Democratic
| align=right | Alva B. Adams
! 7
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Nicholson's term.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=2 nowrap | December 1, 1924 –March 3, 1927
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 align=right | Rice W. Means
! rowspan=2 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1924.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1926.Died.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1927 –August 27, 1932
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Charles W. Waterman
! rowspan=3 | 9
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 10
| rowspan=6 align=left | Edward P. Costigan
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1931 –January 3, 1937
| rowspan=6 | Elected in 1930.Retired.
| rowspan=6 | 11
| rowspan=4
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | August 27, 1932 –September 26, 1932
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Waterman's term.Lost election to finish Waterman's term.
| nowrap | September 26, 1932 –December 6, 1932
| | Democratic
| align=right | Walter Walker
! 10
|- style="height:2em"
| Elected to finish Waterman's term.Lost election to next term.
| nowrap | December 7, 1932 –March 3, 1933
| | Republican
| align=right | Karl C. Schuyler
! 11
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1932.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | March 4, 1933 –December 1, 1941
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 align=right | Alva B. Adams
! rowspan=5 | 12
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=11 | 11
| rowspan=11 align=left | Edwin C. Johnson
| rowspan=11 | Democratic
| rowspan=11 nowrap | January 3, 1937 –January 3, 1955
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1936.
| rowspan=5 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 12
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1938.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | December 1, 1941 –December 20, 1941
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Appointed to continue Adams's term.Elected November 4, 1942 to finish Adams's term.
| rowspan=8 nowrap | December 20, 1941 –January 3, 1957
| rowspan=8 | Republican
| rowspan=8 align=right | Eugene Millikin
! rowspan=8 | 13
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1942.
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Elected to a full term in 1944.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1948.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1950.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 12
| rowspan=9 align=left | Gordon Allott
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1955 –January 3, 1973
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1954.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1956.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1957 –January 3, 1963
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | John A. Carroll
! rowspan=3 | 14
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1960.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1962.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1963 –January 3, 1975
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Peter H. Dominick
! rowspan=6 | 15
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1966.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1968.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 align=left | Floyd Haskell
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1973 –January 3, 1979
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1972.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1974.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1975 –January 3, 1987
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 align=right | Gary Hart
! rowspan=6 | 16
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 14
| rowspan=6 align=left | William L. Armstrong
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1979 –January 3, 1991
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1978.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1980.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1984.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1986.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1987 –January 3, 1993
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Tim Wirth
! rowspan=3 | 17
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 15
| rowspan=4 align=left | Hank Brown
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 nowrap | January 3, 1991 –January 3, 1997
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1990.Retired.
| rowspan=4 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 21
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1992.Changed parties March 3, 1995.
| rowspan=7 nowrap | January 3, 1993 –January 3, 2005
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=7 align=right | Ben Nighthorse Campbell
! rowspan=7 | 18
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Republican
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 16
| rowspan=6 align=left | Wayne Allard
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1997 –January 3, 2009
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1996.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2002.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2004.Resigned to become U.S. Secretary of the Interior.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2005 –January 20, 2009
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Ken Salazar
! rowspan=3 | 19
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 17
| rowspan=4 align=left | Mark Udall
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
| rowspan=4 nowrap | January 3, 2009 –January 3, 2015
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 2008.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=4 | 24
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to finish Salazar's term.
| rowspan=7 nowrap | January 21, 2009 –Present
| rowspan=7 | Democratic
| rowspan=7 align=right | Michael Bennet
! rowspan=7 | 20
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 24
| rowspan=3 | Elected to a full term in 2010.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 align=left | Cory Gardner
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2015 –January 3, 2021
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2014.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 25
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 25
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 align=left | John Hickenlooper
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2021 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2020.
| rowspan=3 | 26
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 |26
| rowspan=3 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2026 election.
| 27
|
Living former senators
, there are eight living former U.S. senators from Colorado. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was William L. Armstrong (served 1979–1991) on July 5, 2016.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Excludes incumbent Hickenlooper
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
United States congressional delegations from Colorado
List of United States representatives from Colorado
Colorado's congressional districts
Notes
References
United States Senators
Colorado
Hortus Bulborum is a Dutch foundation that conserves historic cultivars of spring flowering bulb- and tuber crops. The collection garden of the foundation is located at the Zuidkerkenlaan in Limmen, North Holland, Netherlands, near the historic city of Alkmaar.
The collection comprises some 2500 different cultivars, of which 2000 are tulips, 115 hyacinths, circa 800 narcissus, more than 20 irises, 50 crocuses as well as some 20 different Fritillarias. The oldest tulip in the collection is the single early tulip ‘Duc van Tol Red and Yellow', dating from 1595. The oldest narcissus, the 'Dubbele Kampernelle', also known as Narcissus ‘Alba Odorus Plenus', has been known since 1602. The oldest Fritillaria: F. imperialis ‘Prolifera‘ should have been mentioned in 1577.
References
External links
Hortus Bulborum site
Botanical gardens in the Netherlands
Dutch culture
Foundations based in the Netherlands
Horticultural organizations
Mean square quantization error (MSQE) is a figure of merit for the process of analog to digital conversion.
In this conversion process, analog signals in a continuous range of values are converted to a discrete set of values by comparing them with a sequence of thresholds.
The quantization error of a signal is the difference between the original continuous value and its discretization, and the mean square quantization error (given some probability distribution on the input values) is the expected value of the square of the quantization errors.
Mathematically, suppose that the lower threshold for inputs that generate the quantized value is , that the upper threshold is , that there are levels of quantization, and that the probability density function for the input analog values is . Let denote the quantized value corresponding to an input ; that is, is the value for which .
Then
References
.
.
Statistical deviation and dispersion
The Amato Group, officially the Action Committee for European Democracy (ACED) was a group of high-level European politicians unofficially working on rewriting the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe into what became known as the Treaty of Lisbon following its rejection by French and Dutch voters.
The group was backed by the Barroso Commission, who sent two representatives, the commissioners Danuta Hübner (regional policy) and Margot Wallström (communications). It was led by Giuliano Amato, a former Prime Minister of Italy who was also Vice-President of the original European Convention.
Members
The group consisted of 16 members from 14 member states of the European Union, including one current European Commissioner:
Resulting text
The group first met in Rome on 30 September 2006. On 4 June 2007 they released the completed draft text. The size of the text is cut from 63,000 words in 448 articles in the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe (EU Constitution) to 12,800 in 70 articles in the proposed text of a new EU-treaty. The sized down text came from including only the innovations contained in the third part of the EU Constitution – which essentially ties together former EU treaties – and putting them into additional protocols. The two protocols would be attached to the existing Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty Establishing the European Community.
The text stripped the rejected constitution of its constitutional elements, including the article on the EU's symbols and the controversial "God-less" preamble, reduced the Charter of Fundamental Rights to one legally binding article and foresees a new name for new EU foreign policy chief, called 'Union foreign minister' in the Constitution.
Structure of the new treaty
The new treaty would not include everything in a single document, as the Constitution would do, but rather:
Replace the Treaty on European Union (TEU, or Maastricht Treaty) with the text of the new treaty, which roughly corresponds with Part I and Part IV of the European Constitution. The nine titles of Part I of the European Constitution are literally taken over as titles I to IX of the new TEU (except for three modifications, see below). Title X is a new title that contains two short articles referring to the Treaty establishing the European Community (see next point) and two articles originally from Part IV of the Constitution regarding two simplified revision procedures. Title XI is similar to the rest of Part IV of the Constitution.
Amend the Treaty establishing the European Community (TEC, or Treaty of Rome) to have most provisions of Part III of the European Constitution included in the treaty, including the single legal personality of the Union and the suppression of the pillar structure. In order to avoid any legal confusion, the words "European Community" would be replaced by "European Union" in the text of the TEC. The Intergovernmental Conference agreeing on the new treaty may also decide to rename the treaty (to Treaty establishing the European Union for example), like has been done before by the Maastricht Treaty. The Treaty establishing the European Community is to be amended by means of two protocols attached to the new treaty:
A Protocol on the Functioning of the Union, containing institutional changes;
A Protocol on the Development of the Union's Policies in Order to Meet the Challenges of the XXI Century, containing the innovations of the European Constitution.
Refer to the existing Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union in article 8 of the new TEU, whereby it becomes legally binding. Article I-9 of the European Constitution referred to Part II of the Constitution in a similar manner. The charter will be updated to the version included in Part II of the European Constitution, which slightly differs from the original charter.
As a result, the new TEU defines the framework of the European Union, whereas the amended TEC defines in detail the law and decision making procedures, what the policy areas of the Union are, and which law or decision making procedure should be followed in a certain policy area. Both treaties would have the same legal value, as is the case with the current TEU and TEC. Furthermore, the Charter of Fundamental Rights would have the same legal value as the new TEU and the amended TEC.
Differences between the new TEU and the European Constitution
Titles I to IX of the new TEU are literally taken over from Part I of the European Constitution, with only the following modifications:
The preamble of the European Constitution, as well as Article I-1 (Establishment of the Union) and Article I-8 (The symbols of the Union), are not taken over as such, because of their constitutional character. Article 1 of the new treaty would instead be similar to Article 1 of the current Treaty on European Union. The rather long preamble of the European Constitution would be replaced by a sentence explaining the need for a new treaty, and possibly referring to the Berlin Declaration of March 27, 2007.
An additional paragraph is added to section 1 of Article 8 of the new TEU (was Article I-9 of the European Constitution), which states that with the entry into force of the new Treaty, the Charter of Fundamental Rights will become legally binding.
References to other articles in the original text of the European Constitution are replaced by references to the new places of the articles, i.e. in the new TEU, in the amended TEC, or in the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Furthermore, the article concerning the Union Minister for Foreign Affairs is maintained in the new TEU (Article I-28 of the European Constitution, Article 27 of the new treaty), but the Amato Group has stated it has no problem with a name change.
See also
Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe
Treaty of Lisbon
References
Treaty of Lisbon
Frances Richards née Clayton, (1 August 1903 - 14 February 1985) was a British painter, embroiderer and illustrator.
Biography
Frances Clayton was born in 1903 in Burslem, in the Staffordshire Potteries, the daughter of John Clayton, a pottery artist. Both sides of the Clayton family were from long-established pottery working families.
Richards attended Burslem School of Art from 1919 to 1924, initially on a part-time basis. She worked as a pottery designer at the Paragon China company while a student at Burslem. She won an annual national scholarship to the Royal College of Art in London for students who had worked in industry. She studied at the RCA from 1924 to 1927 and specialised in tempera and fresco painting and studied the writings of the early Italian renaissance painter Cennino Cennini. While at the RCA Richards won a sculpture prize and demonstrated mould-making techniques to other students. She continued to paint in tempera after leaving the college.
At the Royal College she met the Welsh artist Ceri Richards. They married in July 1929 and had two daughters, Rachel (born 1932) and Rhiannon (born 1945). Rachel married the paleontologist Colin Patterson.
From 1928 to 1939 Richards worked as a teacher in the textile department at the Camberwell School of Art. During the 1930s Richards exhibited with the London Group and in 1937 produced decorations for the P&O cruise liner Orcades. During World War Two, Richards and her husband moved to Alphamstone in Essex and she taught at Furzedown Training College in Tooting. Later in the war, the college was relocated to Cardiff where, by coincidence, Ceri Richards had taken the post of Head of Painting at the Cardiff School of Art. After the war Frances returned to work at Camberwell School of Art, and taught there for almost 30 years during which time she also worked at the Chelsea School of Art.
During the 1950s and 1960s Richards was a regular exhibitor at several commercial galleries in London, including the Hanover Gallery, the Leicester Galleries and, in particular, the Redfern Gallery. Richards was a keen reader of poetry, particularly the work of William Blake, and her exhibition catelogues often contained poems or verse. In 1980 the Campbell & Franks Gallery in London held a large retrospective exhibition with paintings, drawings, engravings, embroideries and early tempera works from over fifty years of her artistic career. The Tate in London holds several pieces by Richards including her 1957 tempera painting left and Right of the Long Path.
She died on 14 February 1985.
In 2019 an exhibition of her work was held in the Glynn Vivian Art Gallery, Swansea.
Influences
Richards admired the early Italian renaissance painters Giotto, Piero della Francesca and Fra Angelico; the British artists Samuel Palmer, William Blake and David Jones; and the poetry of the Psalms, the Song of Solomon, George Herbert and Arthur Rimbaud.
Her work appears to have been little influenced by her husband's painting. Mel Gooding writes:
Artforms
Painting, including tempera
Illustration
Printmaking
Embroidered fabric panels ()
Works illustrated
The Acts of the Apostles (from the Holy Bible). In The Fleuron, A Journal of Typography, vol 7, editor Stanley Morison. Cambridge University Press, 1930; New York, Doubleday Page, 1930. Richards made further illustrations to Acts which were published in 1980.
The Book of Revelation (from the Holy Bible), lithographic illustrations. London, Faber and Faber, 1931; New York, Scribner's, 1931. Illustrations commissioned by T. S. Eliot.
The Book of Lamentations (from the Holy Bible), 1969
, prose poems by Arthur Rimbaud. Curwen Studio, 1975.
Some Poems with Drawings, Skelton's Press / Enitharmon Press, 1983.
More Poems with Drawings, Skelton's Press / Enitharmon Press, 1984.
Exhibitions
Richards's work has been shown in many solo and two-person exhibitions, including:
Public collections
Richards' work is in public collections, including:
Tate
Victoria and Albert Museum
National Museum Cardiff
Glynn Vivian Art Gallery, Swansea
References
External links
Richards, Ceri and Frances, manuscripts held at the National Library of Wales
1903 births
1985 deaths
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
Alumni of Burslem School of Art
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
British embroiderers
English women painters
People from Burslem
Jason Beaulieu (born 12 February 1994) is a Canadian former professional soccer player who played as a goalkeeper.
Early life
Beaulieu was born in Montreal, Quebec, and grew up in the off-island suburb of Boisbriand. He played youth soccer for FC Boisbriand until 2011, when he joined the Montreal Impact Academy.
Club career
Early career
In 2014, Beaulieu played for Première Ligue de soccer du Québec side ACP Montréal-Nord, making four appearances. In fall of that year, he began attending the University of New Mexico, where he made a total of 69 appearances in NCAA Division I over the following four years.
In 2015, Beaulieu played for PLSQ side CS Mont-Royal Outremont, making one appearance. In summer 2017, he played for USL PDL side Albuquerque Sol FC, making four appearances that season.
Montreal Impact
On 9 January 2018, Beaulieu returned to Montreal Impact, then playing in Major League Soccer. Ahead of the 2019 season, Beaulieu was slated to go on loan to USL Championship side Ottawa Fury, but suffered a knee injury requiring surgery in January 2019. After missing six months while recovering from surgery, he was finally loaned to Ottawa Fury on 18 July 2019.
Beaulieu's contract option was declined by the Impact at the end of the 2019 season.
HFX Wanderers
On 5 February 2020, Beaulieu signed with Canadian Premier League side HFX Wanderers. He made his debut for HFX on August 15 against Pacific FC. On 3 November 2020, the club announced that Beaulieu had retired in order to pursue a career in engineering.
Career statistics
Honours
Canadian Premier League
Runners-up: 2020
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Canadian soccer players
Soccer players from Montreal
People from Boisbriand
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
CF Montréal players
New Mexico Lobos men's soccer players
Albuquerque Sol FC players
Ottawa Fury FC players
HFX Wanderers FC players
Première Ligue de soccer du Québec players
USL League Two players
Canadian Premier League players
ACP Montréal-Nord players
CS Mont-Royal Outremont players
The San Cristóbal mockingbird (Mimus melanotis) or Chatham mockingbird, is a species of bird in the family Mimidae. It is endemic to San Cristóbal Island in the Galápagos Islands.
Taxonomy and systematics
The San Cristóbal mockingbird, Galápagos mockingbird (Mimus parvulus), Espanola mockingbird (M. macdonaldi), and Floreana mockingbird (M. trifasciatus) were previously placed in genus Nesomimus and were considered conspecific. They now form a superspecies. The San Cristóbal mockingbird is monotypic.
Description
The San Cristóbal mockingbird is long. Males weigh an average of and females . Adults have a thin white supercilium, black lores, and a blackish patch behind the eye. Their crown and upperparts are grayish brown with some darker streaks. The wings and tail are dark brown; the wings when folded show two whitish bars and the outer tail feathers have whitish tips. They are mostly whitish below, with a buffy tinge on the throat, tiny dark spots on the sides of the breast, and blackish brown streaks on the flanks. The juvenile is similar to the adults but with more streaking on its underparts.
Distribution and habitat
The San Cristóbal mockingbird is found only on San Cristóbal Island in the eastern Galápagos. It inhabits several landscapes across all elevations of the island including coastal mangroves, open arid lowland scrub, scrubby woodland with scattered trees and cacti, and some taller woodlands. It shuns dense lowland forest, tall wet woodland, and grassland.
Behavior
Feeding
The San Cristóbal mockingbird mostly forages on the ground for terrestrial arthropods but also takes fruits and berries from low vegetation. It has been documented taking ticks from marine iguanas.
Display
Although the San Cristóbal mockingbird does not have white wing patches, it does a "wing flash" movement similar to that done by Mimus mockingbirds that do have such patches. It runs a short distance, briefly opens its wings to two-thirds of full extension, then extends them fully to a position just above horizontal.
Breeding
The San Cristóbal mockingbird nests from January to April at low elevations and to later at higher ones. Its year round territory is typically . The species builds a bulky nest of twigs lined with grasses in the crotch of a tree, usually above the ground. The clutch size is two to five, though usually four. The female incubates the eggs and both parents feed nestlings.
Vocalization
The San Cristbal mockingbird sings a "[l]oud, melodious and disjointed territorial song typical of [its] genus."
Status
The IUCN has assessed the San Cristóbal mockingbird as Near Threatened. Prior to 2020 it was classified as Endangered. "The population is moderately small, but stable and currently not under imminent threat." The population is estimated to be at least 20,000 mature individuals.
See also
Galápagos mockingbird
Floreana mockingbird
Española mockingbird
References
External links
San Cristobal Mockingbird, BirdLife Species Factsheet
San Cristóbal mockingbird
Endemic birds of the Galápagos Islands
San Cristóbal mockingbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Crates of Tralles (Greek: Κράτης), an orator or rhetorician in the school of Isocrates. David Ruhnken assigns to him the logoi dēmēgorikoi which Apollodorus of Athens ascribes to the Academic philosopher, Crates. Gilles Ménage is wrong in supposing that Crates is mentioned by Lucian. The person there spoken of is Critias the sculptor.
Notes
References
Ancient Greek rhetoricians
People from Tralles
Roosevelt Stadium was a baseball stadium at Droyer's Point in Jersey City, New Jersey. It opened in April 1937 and hosted high-minor league baseball, 15 major league baseball games, plus championship boxing matches, top-name musical acts, an annual championship drum and bugle corps competition known as "The Dream" Held 1946–1983, important regional high school football and even soccer matches. It was demolished in 1985.
History
Construction
On June 5, 1929, Jersey City Mayor Frank Hague announced his plans to construct a 50,000-seat municipal stadium in Jersey City to surround a field long by wide, that would be dedicated to the memory of the city's war dead. It was expected to cost $500,000 and be built by Spring 1930. Mayor Hague planned for the stadium to have 35,000 permanent seats with ground space for an additional 15,000. It would be a multi-purpose stadium for baseball, football, track and field events, and boxing.
Roosevelt Stadium was finally built in 1937, as a Works Progress Administration projects on the grounds of what was the Jersey City Airport at Droyer's Point. The airport was operated by Eddie August Schneider starting in 1935. It was named for President Franklin D. Roosevelt, the author of that New Deal agency. It was designed in Art Deco style.
The ballpark's opening was scheduled for April 22, 1937, with the opening of the 1937 International League season. Mayor Hague declared a half-holiday for the city's schools and employees. New York Giants owner Horace Stoneham was expected at the opener along with Senator Harry Moore. Rain washed out the planned events and the opening was moved back to April 23 with Mayor Hague throwing out the first pitch and Sen. Moore and owner Horace Stoneham on hand for the ballpark's dedication.
The Grateful Dead played six concerts at Roosevelt Stadium: July 18, 1972; September 19, 1972; July 31, 1973; August 1, 1973; August 6, 1974; and August 4, 1976.
Sports
Initially constructed as a home field for Jersey City's International League affiliate of the New York Giants, the Jersey City Giants, the stadium later saw its most common use for high school football, as Jersey City's William L. Dickinson, James J. Ferris, Abraham Lincoln, Henry Snyder high schools and the city's major parochial schools, Hudson Catholic and St. Peter's Prep, all used the stadium, particularly on Thanksgiving Day, when Dickinson and St. Peter's would sell it out. It was the site, in September 1974, of the game that set the New Jersey state record for consecutive losses by a high school football team at 42, when Dickinson High School lost to Hudson Catholic, 22-0. The Hawks offense was led by quarterback Steven Neri and halfback Tony Cavallo and Dickinson was held to -2 yards rushing and 18 passing by a Hudson defense led by Steve Cuccinelli, Ray Parente and Bruce Bock. Neri, Bock, Parente and Cuccinelli have all been inducted into the Hudson Catholic Football program's Wall of Fame. Jersey City State College (now New Jersey City University) played their home football games on Friday nights at Roosevelt stadium during the 1970s.
It was used for 15 "home" games by the Brooklyn Dodgers during their last two seasons in Brooklyn – seven in and eight in . The games were played partly as a negotiating tactic with the Borough of Brooklyn, in pursuit of a new stadium to replace Ebbets Field. While it had just 24,000 seats as opposed to Ebbets Field's 31,497, Roosevelt Stadium had 10,000 parking spaces compared to Ebbets Field's 700. The Dodgers' negotiation came to naught, and the team moved to Los Angeles in 1958.
It was also the home field of the Jersey City Giants, a farm team of the New York Giants in the Triple-A International League from 1937 to 1950, the Jersey City Jerseys of the IL in 1960 and 1961, the Jersey City Indians of the Double-A Eastern League in 1977 and, following a change in minor-league affiliation, the Jersey City A's of the EL in 1978.
On April 18, 1946, Roosevelt Stadium hosted the Jersey City Giants' season opener against the Montreal Royals, marking the professional debut of the Royals' Jackie Robinson. In his five trips to the plate, Robinson got four hits, including a three-run homer, scored four runs and drove in three; he also stole two bases in the Royals' 14-1 victory.
The Giants finished first in the IL in 1939 and 1947, but no Jersey City team ever went on to win a pennant in postseason play. Hague routinely hawked opening day tickets for "Little Giants" games, selling 40,000 seats in a stadium that held only 24,000. When asked about the discrepancy, he was reported to have said "Hell of a crowd in the men's rooms."
In 1940, former heavyweight champion Max Baer beat "Two Ton Tony" Galento at Roosevelt Stadium. In 1948 Marcel Cerdan defeated Tony Zale in a middleweight championship title fight. In 1950, Sugar Ray Robinson defended his welterweight title.
In 1971, the stadium was selected to host an NASL and international soccer double-header. Bologna were to meet West Ham United while the New York Cosmos were to play the Dallas Tornado in the opener. A week later, Santos (Brazil) were scheduled to meet Bologna with Pelé announced. The first doubleheader was set for Yankee Stadium in NY but the contract that the Cosmos had with the Yankees allowed for a "weather clause" in which the baseball team could cancel if bad weather conditions posed a potential threat to the field.
Demolition
In November 1982, the Jersey City City Council voted to demolish the stadium. It was finally demolished in 1985, and a gated community named Droyer's Point opened on the site in 1987.
See also
Jersey City Armory
Boyle's Thirty Acres
References
External links
Info about the stadium
Info about the Grateful Dead concert
Collection of photos and drawings
Digital Ballparks: Roosevelt Stadium
MLB games at Roosevelt Stadium
Art Deco architecture in New Jersey
Brooklyn Dodgers stadiums
Buildings and structures in Jersey City, New Jersey
Baseball venues in New Jersey
Culture of Jersey City, New Jersey
Defunct baseball venues in the United States
Defunct Major League Baseball venues
Defunct minor league baseball venues
Demolished sports venues in New Jersey
Sports in Hudson County, New Jersey
Works Progress Administration in New Jersey
1937 establishments in New Jersey
1985 disestablishments in New Jersey
Sports venues completed in 1937
Sports venues demolished in 1985
Radical 57 or radical bow () meaning "bow" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 165 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 53rd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5F13
057
053
Ahmed Rashad Abdel-khalik is an American scholar who was born in Egypt. He is the V. K. Zimmerman Professor of International Accounting, Professor of Accountancy, and Director of the V. K. Zimmerman Center for International Education and Research in Accounting at University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
Abdel-khalik conducts empirical research in accounting, focusing on financial reporting, accounting for risk, hedge accounting, research methodology, and current issues in accounting standards. He has authored several books including Accounting for Risk, Hedging and Complex Contracts (2013), BRAZE N: Big Banks, Swap Mania and the Fallout (2019), and Empirical Research in Accounting: A Methodological View point (1979).
Abdel-khalik was the Founding Editor of Journal of Accounting Literature from 1980 till 1989 and the Senior Editor of The Accounting Review from 1990 through 1994. He has been the Senior Editor of the International Journal of Accounting since 2000.
Education
Abdel-khalik graduated with honors from Cairo University in 1961. He then moved to the United States and received his Master of Business Administration and M.A. degrees in economics from Indiana University in 1965 and 1966, respectively. In 1972, Abdel-khalik received his Ph.D. degree in Accountancy from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Career
Abdel-khalik worked briefly at the National Bank of Egypt and at Cairo University, before moving to U.S.A. for his graduate studies at Indiana University. He interrupted his studies to join the University of North Carolina at Charlotte as an Instructor in Economics (1967 - 1969). He joined Columbia University as an Assistant Professor after completing his Ph.D.
In 1975, Abdel-khalik joined Duke University as an Associate Professor then the University of Florida as the Walter J. Matherly Professor in 1977, and later holding an appointment as Graduate Research Professor from 1980 till 2001. During his term at University of Florida, Abdel-Khalik was the Director of the Accounting Research Center from 1977 till 2000.
In 2000, he was appointed by University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign as a Professor of Accountancy and Director of the V. K. Zimmerman Center for International Education and Research in Accounting. The Zimmerman Center sponsors The International Journal of Accounting and The Illinois International Accounting Symposium. He became the V. K. Zimmerman Professor of International Accounting in 2012.
Research
Abdel-khalik has conducted research focusing on accounting and reporting risk, impact of accounting disclosure on decision making and security prices, research methodology, and contemporary development in accounting standards. In late 1990s, Abdel-khalik began focusing on the sub-topics of financial derivatives, valuation of basic derivative instruments and hedge accounting. The knowledge that the notional amounts of over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives exceeded eight times the size of Gross Domestic Product coupled with a complex set of accounting standards led him to develop a course on accounting for derivatives and hedge accounting, which resulted in authoring two books: Accounting for Risk, Hedging and Complex Contracts, BRAZEN: Big Banks, Swap Mania and the Fallout, and several articles on the magnitude and potential severity of attendant consequences.
His book, BRAZEN Big Banks, Swap Mania and the Fallout, was published in 2019 and is based on the widespread and highly costly impact of interest rate swap (IRS) contracts on nonprofit organizations and the public service sector. He presented the details of several cases which he used as samples from different segments of nonprofits. The book reflects his concern for the societal impact of the significant wealth transfers from nonprofits and the public service sector to big banks to settle obligations arising from being counterparties to IRS. The one-direction flow of huge amounts of funds occurred over a sustained period of time.
Empirical research in accounting
Abdel-khalik conducted an empirical study regarding the usefulness of disaggregated financial information for commercial lending decision making. His research indicated that perceived risk of borrowing firms is negatively influenced by greater aggregation of information in financial reports, especially when the financial conditions of the borrower are marginal. He also became interested in the role of CEOs' risk aversion on key indicators and decisions. In 2007, he published a paper titled "An Empirical Analysis of CEO Risk Aversion and the Propensity to Smooth Earnings Volatility" and in 2014 he published another article titled "CEO Risk Aversion and R & D Expenditures." His findings in these articles revealed negative relationship between the degree of risk aversion and the volatility of performance measures as well as between risk aversion and levels of expenditures on R&D. In 2015, Abdel-khalik, jointly with Po-Chang Chen, published a paper linking the growth in OTC derivatives and accounting. They found that the use of cash flow hedge accounting treatment helps reduce earnings volatility/equity risk, and that firms increase their use of non-trading derivatives when facing high level of earnings volatility.
In the late 1990s, Abdel-khalik published a paper on China's A and B shares and the information environment regarding the only two types of shares that existed at the time. He employed an event-study approach and found correlation between earnings and unexpected returns for ‘A' shares but not for ‘B' shares, which at that time were restricted to investment by foreign institutions. He also highlighted various possible institutional explanations for the study results.
In 2017, Abdel-khalik published an article showing that, for an entire decade, Enron Corporation has borrowed huge amounts of money from both JPMorgan Chase and Citibank under contracts camouflaged as derivative contracts of commodity swaps, but reported these loans as sales revenues and as cash flow from operations. These disguised loans allowed Enron to survive nine years longer than it would have otherwise. In 2019, Abdel-khalik published a paper critical of some aspects of accounting standards which reflects his recent research genre.
Internal and external auditing
Abdel-khalik published a paper regarding the motivation of private company owners' demand for audit assurance. According to his study, the owners view audits as compensatory control systems for the organizational loss of control. In another article, he applied self‐selection bias in audit pricing and presented a method for direct evaluation of knowledge spillover costs from audits to management advisory services.
Abdel-khalik conducted two experiments in the 1980s and presented the findings regarding the effects of various organizational structures on external auditors planning audit programs.
Transfer pricing
Abdel-khalik studied Myron Gordon's model of transfer pricing system and published a paper indicating that Gordon's model could, under certain conditions, result in promoting inefficient behavior by employees or management. He also presented possible solutions and extensions to the model. Additionally, in another study he assessed the value of major transfer pricing models and discussed their development in the context of a firm's economic performance.
Information processing
Abdel-khalik and Thomas Keller conducted an experiment on the decision effects of changes in earnings vs. changes in cash flow. The American Accounting Association published their findings in a monograph in 1979 noting the results show that analysts are fixated on following accounting earnings even when cash flow from operations is more informative. Abdel-khalik also conducted an experiment with K. M. El-Sheshai on human judgement showing that the choice of information cues influences the utilization of these cues in making decisions and on the efficiency of human information processing. He, with Bippin Ajinkya, investigated if earnings forecast revisions are reflected in security prices during the period when they were private information as compared to later periods when these forecasts became public. They found results consistent with the semi-strong form of market efficiency—private information are not reflected in security prices.
Awards and honors
1961 – Cairo University, Graduation Honors
1971-1972 - Ernst and Ernst Fellow
1971, 1973 - Competitive Manuscript Contest Awards, The American Accounting Association
1989 - Wildman Award, American Accounting Association and Deloitte and Touche
2004 - The University Medal for Contribution to Scholarship, Athens University of Economics and Business
2016 - Honorary Doctorate, University of Macedonia
Bibliography
BooksThe Economic Effects on Lessees of FASB Statement No. 13, Accounting for Leases (1981) The Impact of Accounting Research on Practice and Disclosure (1978) Empirical Research in Accounting: A Methodological Viewpoint (1979) Research Opportunities in Auditing: The Second Decade (1989) Accounting for Risk, Hedging and Complex Contracts (2013) BRAZEN: Big Banks, Swap Mania and the Fallout'' (2019)
Selected articles
(1973). "The Effect of Aggregating Accounting Data on the Lending Decision: An Empirical Investigation," Empirical Research in Accounting: Selected Studies, Journal of Accounting Research, Vol. 11. pp. 104–138.
(1980). "Information choice and utilization in an experiment on default prediction." Journal of Accounting Research, 325–342.
(1990). "The jointness of audit fees and demand for MAS: A self‐selection analysis." Contemporary Accounting Research, 6(2), 295–322.
(1993). "Why do private companies demand auditing? A case for organizational loss of control." Journal of accounting, auditing & finance, 8(1), 31–52.
(2014). "CEO Risk Aversion and R & D Expenditures," ABACUS. A Journal of Accounting, Finance, and Business Studies, Vol. 50, No. 3, pp. 245–278.
(2019). "How Enron Used Accounting for Prepaid Commodity Swaps to Delay Bankruptcy for One Decade: The Shadowy Relationships With Big Banks". Journal of Accounting, Auditing and Finance., pp. 309–328.
References
1940 births
Living people
Egyptian American
Cairo University alumni
Indiana University alumni
Gies College of Business alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
The Pacific antwren, or Pacific streaked antwren, (Myrmotherula pacifica) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador and Panama, living in forests, clearings, woodland verges and gardens.
Taxonomy
The Pacific antwren was first described in 1911 by the Austrian ornithologist Carl Eduard Hellmayr. It was at one time considered to be conspecific with the Guianan streaked antwren (Myrmotherula surinamensis) and the Amazonian streaked antwren (Myrmotherula multostriata) but the three have different songs and there are certain differences in their plumage.
Description
This antwren is a small, short-tailed passerine bird growing to a length of about . The male is similar in morphology to the Amazonian streaked antwren and the Guianan streaked antwren, having black upper parts streaked with white, two white wingbars and white underparts streaked with black. The female is also similar to the females of those two species, but has a more orange-rufous head, dark streaking on the crown, and unstreaked buff underparts. The Pacific antwren is not likely to be confused with those two species as it is found exclusively west of the Andes, while they only occur to the east. The song is a fast, lively series of staccato notes, ascending slightly in pitch. Other calls include "chee-cher" and "chee-pu", uttered by both sexes.
Distribution and habitat
The Pacific antwren is native to Panama and Colombia and Ecuador west of the Andes Mountains, ranging as far south as Azuay Province at altitudes normally less than . It is found in damp rainforests, at the edges of woodland, in glades and in gardens, foraging for insects in the sub-canopy of trees, and often far from watercourses.
Status
Myrmotherula pacifica has a very wide range and is able to adapt to living in secondary forest. It is a fairly common bird with a stable population size and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being "least concern".
References
Pacific antwren
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Pacific antwren
Pacific antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Farkas Bolyai (; 9 February 1775 – 20 November 1856; also known as Wolfgang Bolyai in Germany) was a Hungarian mathematician, mainly known for his work in geometry.
Biography
Bolyai was born in Bolya, a village near Hermannstadt, Grand Principality of Transylvania (now Buia, Sibiu County, Romania). His father was Gáspár Bolyai and his mother Krisztina Vajna. Farkas was taught at home by his father until the age of six when he was sent to the Calvinist school in Nagyszeben. His teachers recognized his talents in arithmetics and in learning languages. He learned Latin, Greek, Romanian, Hebrew and later also French, Italian and English. He easily multiplied, divided 13- or 14-digit numbers in his head, and was able to draw square and cubic roots from them. At the age of 12 he left school and was appointed as a tutor to the eight-year-old son of the count Kemény. This meant that Bolyai was now treated as a member of one of the leading families in the country, and he became not only a tutor but a real friend to the count's son. In 1790 Bolyai and his pupil both entered the Calvinist College in Kolozsvár (today Cluj-Napoca) where they spent five years.
The professor of philosophy at the College in Kolozsvár tried to turn Bolyai against mathematics and towards religious philosophy. Bolyai, however, decided to go abroad with Simon Kemény on an educational trip in 1796 and began to study mathematics systematically at German universities first at Jena and then at Göttingen. In these times Bolyai became a close friend of Carl Friedrich Gauss.
He returned home to Kolozsvár in 1799. It was there he met and married Zsuzsanna Benkő and where their son János Bolyai – later an even more famous mathematician than his father – was born in 1802. Soon thereafter he accepted a teaching position for mathematics and sciences at the Calvinist College in Marosvásárhely (today Târgu-Mureş), where he spent the rest of his life.
Mathematical work
Bolyai's main interests were the foundations of geometry and the parallel axiom.
His main work, Tentamen juventutem studiosam in elementa matheseos purae, elementaris ac sublimioris, methodo intuitiva, evidentiaque huic propria, introducendi (An Attempt to Introduce Studious Youths to the Elements of Pure Mathematics; 1832), was an attempt at a rigorous and systematic foundation of geometry, arithmetic, algebra and analysis. In this work, he gave iterative procedures to solve equations which he then proved convergent by showing them to be monotonically increasing and bounded above. His study of the convergence of series includes a test equivalent to Raabe's test, which he discovered independently and at about the same time as Raabe. Other important ideas in the work include a general definition of a function and a definition of an equality between two plane figures if they can both be divided into a finite equal number of pairwise congruent pieces.
He first dissuaded his son from the study of non-Euclidean geometry, but by 1832 he became enthusiastic enough to persuade his son to publish his path-breaking thoughts. János's ideas were published an appendix to the Tentamen.
Notes
References
A. Todea, F. Maria, M. Avram, Oameni de știință mureșeni - Dicționar biobibliografic, CJ Mureș Biblioteca Județeană Mureș, tipografia Mediaprint SRL, 2004
External links
Further references on Farkas Bolyai
The Bolyai Memorial Museum
1775 births
1856 deaths
18th-century Hungarian mathematicians
19th-century Hungarian mathematicians
People from Sibiu County
Hungarian Calvinist and Reformed Christians
Hungarian inventors
Members of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Seven or 7 Star(s) or star(s) may refer to:
Astronomy
The Classical planets, /Seven Luminaries, being the five planets visible to the naked eye, plus the Sun and Moon
Pleiades, also known as the Seven Sisters and the Seven Stars
The Big Dipper or The Plough, the seven brightest stars of Ursa Major
The Little Dipper
Orion (constellation), (seven stars with four being his shoulders and feet plus three in Orion's Belt
Geographic features
Seven-star Cave, Guilin, Guangxi, China
Seven-Star Crags, limestone crags in Guangdong Province, China
Seven-Star Mountain, extinct volcano in Taiwan
Pubs and taverns
The Seven Stars, a popular English pub name - see Pub names#Trades, tool and products
Seven Stars, Holborn, London
Seven Stars, West Kensington, London
Seven Stars Public House, Bristol
The Seven Stars Inn, Robertsbridge, Sussex
Seven Stars, Falmouth, Cornwall
The Seven Stars Tavern
Seven Stars Tavern, MD, Baltimore, the founding place of the (U.S.) Independent Order of Odd Fellows
Seven Stars Tavern, NJ, Woodstown, on the (U.S.) National Register of Historic Places
Rating systems
Star (classification), a grading system
Sporting
Seven-Star Praying Mantis Boxing, a subdivision of Northern Praying Mantis
Seven Stars F.C., an association football club from Cape Town, South Africa
Seven Stars (Cape Verdean basketball club), a basketball club
Literature
The Jewel of Seven Stars, a 1903 novel by Bram Stoker
Seven Stars, a collection of short stories by Kim Newman, related to the Stoker novel
Music
"7 Stars", a song from the New Magnetic Wonder album by The Apples in Stereo
"Seven Stars" (Air song)
"Seven for the seven stars in the sky", a line of the song Green Grow the Rushes, O
"Seven Stars", a song from the Theories of Flight album by Progressive Metal band Fates Warning
Other
Seven Stars, short name of the videogame Super Mario RPG
Seven Stars (TV channel), a Saudi Arabian TV channel
Sevenstar Flying Squid, Martialia hyadesii
Seven Stars (cigarette), a brand of cigarette
Seven Stars in Kyushu, an excursion train in Japan
John's vision of the Son of Man, which includes an image of Jesus with seven stars in his right hand
Seven Stars Luxury Hospitality and Lifestyle Awards, tourism and hospitality awards founded in 2013
See also
Heptagram or seven-pointed star
Jan van Nuenen (born 1978) is a Dutch visual artist with a strong focus on media art, including video collages, computer animations and video installations. A recurring theme in his artworks is the relations between humans, technology and nature.
Education
Van Nuenen studied audio-visual design at the art academy St. Joost in Breda where he graduated in 2002. He graduated in 2002 with the 12-minute long animation film Optimizer Customizer, which shows the “eventual downfall of civilized society” caused by consumerism. Optimizer Customizer was nominated for the René Coulhoprijs in the same year but did not win.
Career
Van Nuenen has said to be fascinated by “trivial” imagery, which are images that were not made with an artistic purpose in mind. These images are often what jumpstarts his artworks; there is no scenario or narrative prior. Van Nuenen usually does not work with his own imagery but salvages the images that fascinate him and builds his computer animations with these. These animations are built and shown on Van Nuenen's own hardware and software.
Even though Van Nuenen does not work with a preexisting narrative, the narration often unfolds itself in the same direction, though, which often focuses on society's rigid and mechanic components that keep the gears of this machinal society turning. The perfect way to resist this rigid system is to make art, according to Van Nuenen.
Due to his skilful salvaging of images, he has been named the “master of recycling” by Dutch art journalist Sandra Smallenburg.
Works
Some of Van Nuenen's works include:
Optimizer Customizer (2002), a 12-minute long 2D animation video made with pre-existing images and sounds that are composed to show a feminine machine that runs on money. Inside her is a factory that endlessly repeats its tasks. When one task within this system malfunctions, a chain-reaction which rapidly destroys the system follows. This is Van Nuenen's first video animation.
Seeing Bush Through the Trees (2003), a 2-minute long video in which logos of multinational companies are collaged to create a distorted portrait of George W. Bush.
Lame Yard (2003), a 2-minute two-channel video installation. Each channel shows a 2D computer animation of symmetric landscapes that become more and more chaotic until an almost abstract world is all that remains.
SET-4 (2003), a 4-minute long video using footage from various sports competitions, including table tennis, volleyball and springboard diving. The footage and accompanying sounds are digitally manipulated by Van Nuenen to create a noisy composition.
Warning, Petroleum Pipeline (2004), a 4-minute long animated video in which a desert landscape slowly transforms into a futuristic industrialized world in which neither a landscape nor a machine can be recognized anymore.
Aux Raus - Rasthof Deutschland (2007), a 3-minute long music video for the Dutch gabber-punk band Aux Raus.
Battle of the Plants (2007), an 8-minute long video installation shown in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. A system of skeletons and plants slowly take over the building they are projected upon.
Evolizer (2007), an 11-minute long animated video showing figures moving around in a black and white city, one of these figures carries a box. This box opens up and reveals a colourful world in which organisms seem to struggle for survival. Van Nuenen received support from Ruveanne Gerrissen for the animations. The sound for this video is created by Aux Raus, Sanne Groeneveld, Studio Gnocci and Roderick Hietbrink.
Physics Distorter (2009), a real-time computer simulation of falling and colliding objects projected on a building. The audience could control the direction of these objects through a wireless globe.
Deep Sea Paradiso (2010), an 8-minute video installation shown in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The video shows the rise and fall of the tides. The fall of the tides causes the creatures in the sea to disappear. New creatures are created when the tide rises again.
nAnOnAnD (2011), a hand-made, cheap and patchable sound synthesizer. The building instructions for this synthesizer are available for free on the artist's website.
Hit Others (2013), a free video game created by Van Nuenen, musician Bastiaan Bosma and the Dutch band Bullerslug. The game is no longer available online.
The Origin of Creepers (2017), a real-time computer simulation of a fictional ecosystem projected on a forest on Vlieland. The ecosystem is made up by hoards of creatures who battle each other for food and habitat. These creatures are becoming better at adapting to their surroundings and reproduce quickly. The public can stop creatures from taking over the ecosystem by producing loud noise.
Exhibitions and awards
Group exhibitions
2002, Academie Awards, Showroom Mama, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2002, KunstXpress, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2003, Museo de Arte Contemporáneo, Santiago (Chile).
2004, SMS XL, Showroom Mama, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2004, Videozone 2, Centre of Contemporary Art, Tel Aviv (Israel).
2004, La Sapienza, Laboratory Museum of Contemporary Art, Rome (Italy).
2004, Galerie für Zeitgenössische Kunst, Leipzig (Germany).
2005, Close Encounters, Artoteek Den Haag, Den Haag (Netherlands).
2005, assume vivid astro focus, Tate Liverpool, Liverpool (United Kingdom).
2006, National Museum of Contemporary Art, Bucharest (Romania).
2006, Next Level. Art, Games & Reality, Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam (Netherlands).
2006, This is America: Viisies op de Amerikaanse Droom, Centraal Museum, Utrecht (Netherlands).
2006, Maverick Convention, Gallery Majke Hüsstege, Den Bosch (Netherlands).
2006, His Life is Full of Miracles, Site Gallery, Sheffield (United Kingdom).
2006, Met Stip, Gem Den Haag, Den Haag (Netherlands).
2007, Municipal Gallery Arsenal, Poznań (Poland).
2007, MiArt, Milan (Italy).
2007, TENT, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2008, Ecoscape, TENT, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2008, Filtered Gallery, Club11, Amsterdam (Netherlands).
2008, ReSort Off, Design Museum Den Bosch, Den Bosch (Netherlands).
2008, Gallery Henze & Ketterer, Bern (Germany).
2009, Transmediale Art Festival at C-Base, PLANETART, Berlin (Germany).
2009, Transformations, MK Gallery, Berlin (Germany).
2009, Transformations, MK Gallery, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2009, Ned 2, Museum Gouda, Gouda, (Netherlands).
2009, Gaga Arts Centre, New York (United States).
2009, Kunstenlab, Deventer (Netherlands).
2010, Hara Museum of Contemporary Art, Tokyo (Japan).
2010, The Mediagate, Galeria NT, Lodz (Poland).
2010, OneDotZero, London (United Kingdom).
2011, Attraction of the Opposites, Cucosa, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2012, The Kids are All right, Kunsthal, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2012, Game City, CBK, Den Bosch (Netherlands).
2013, Route du Nord, Rotterdam (Netherlands).
2013, Game-City, TETEM Kunstruimte, Enschede (Netherlands).
Solo exhibitions
2007, W139, Amsterdam (Netherlands).
2008, Alexandria Contemporary Art Forum, Alexandria (Egypt).
Awards
2002, Teek, Breda (Netherlands), award ‘public price' for Optimizer Customizer.
2003, Shorts!, Amsterdam (Netherlands), award ‘digital' for Optimizer Customizer.
References
1978 births
Living people
AKV St. Joost alumni
20th-century Dutch male artists
21st-century Dutch male artists
Be Mad is a Spanish free television channel, belongs to Mediaset España and was launched on April 21, 2016.
History
In October 2015, Mediaset España was announced as one of the winning companies of a high definition digital terrestrial television license. Initially, the owner company transmitted HD versions of the Boing and Energy channels on that signal. In March 2016, it was announced that this signal would be occupied by a new channel called Be Mad, which finally began broadcasting on April 21, 2016.
Programming
Between April 2016 and August 2022 channel's programming was based on topics related to sports, adventure and action. There were several programmatic blocks in which the different contents of the channel were categorized: Be Mad Travel, Be Mad Nature, Be Mad Mechanic, Be Mad Planet, Be Mad Investigation, Be Mad Extreme, Be Mad Food, Be Mad Live!, Be Mad History, Be Mad Movies, Be Mad Science, Be Mad Mystery and Be Mad Sports.
As of September 2022, the programming of Be Mad was reformed, so it became a channel dedicated to cinema, taking advantage of the agreements that Mediaset España has with various production companies such as Walt Disney Pictures, Sony Pictures, Universal Pictures, Warner Bros. or StudioCanal, in addition to the films made by Telecinco Cinema.
References
External links
Channels of Mediaset España Comunicación
Television stations in Spain
Television channels and stations established in 2016
Men's interest channels
Spanish-language television stations
Imanol Elías Ayllón (born 17 August 1990), is a Spanish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for UD Poblense.
Football career
Born in Pamplona, Navarre, Imanol finished his graduation with CA Osasuna's youth setup, and made his senior debuts with the reserves in the 2009–10 campaign, in Segunda División B. On 5 January 2013 he was named in the substitutes' bench with the main squad for the match against Sevilla FC, but remained unused in the La Liga 0–1 away loss.
In August 2013 Imanol rescinded his link with Osasuna, and moved to Zamora CF also in the third division. After appearing regularly with the latter he joined Segunda División's CD Mirandés on 3 July of the following year.
On 7 September 2014 Imanol appeared in his first game as a professional, starting in a 1–2 home loss against AD Alcorcón.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from Pamplona
Spanish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
CA Osasuna B players
Zamora CF footballers
CD Mirandés footballers
UP Langreo footballers
Haro Deportivo players
Sur () is a village and former municipality in the Sursés in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016 the former municipalities of Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged to form the new municipality of Surses.
The majority of its population are Romansh-speaking (the Surmiran dialect), with the 2000 census reporting that some 75% claimed it as their first language.
History
The nearby Burg Spliatsch was built around the beginning of the 13th Century by the Marmels family. In 1663 the Capuchin friars built the baroque church of S. Catregna (Katharina) on the ruined foundations of the medieval church of St. Bartholomäus. Today this church, together with the villages of Mulegns and Marmorera form a parish. Until 1850 Sur was part of the municipality of Oberhalbstein in the League of God's House. Before the construction of the Rhaetian Railway Sur was a cluster of farm houses and a major side industry was providing guides to travellers.
Geography
Sur had an area, , of . Of this area, 42.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while 13.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 0.5% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (43.8%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the sub-district of Surses of the Albula district. It consists of the hamlets of Furnatsch and Tgacrest as well as four alpine herding camps in Flix.
Demographics
Sur had a population (as of 2014) of 68. , 16.7% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -4%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 46.9% male and 53.1% female. The age distribution, , in Sur is; 12 people or 12.9% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 5 people or 5.4% are 10 to 14, and people or 0.0% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 7 people or 7.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 15 people or 16.1% are 30 to 39, 7 people or 7.5% are 40 to 49, and 14 people or 15.1% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 14 people or 15.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 14 people or 15.1% are 70 to 79, there are 3 people or 3.2% who are 80 to 89, and there are 2 people or 2.2% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 35.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (30.2%), the SPS (25.9%) and the FDP (7.8%).
In Sur about 58.3% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Sur has an unemployment rate of 1.35%. , there were 12 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector. 18 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector. 24 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 7 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks Rhaeto-Romance (75.3%), with German being second most common (21.5%) and Italian being third ( 3.2%).
References
External links
Official website
Surses
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Richard Joseph Menke (October 6, 1935 – May 13, 2006) was an American lawyer and politician.
Menke was born in Jordan, Scott County, Minnesota and graduated from Jordan High School. He served in the United States Air Force. Menke graduated from University of Minnesota and from University of Minnesota Law School. He was admitted to the Minnesota bar. He lived in Prior Lake, Minnesota with his wife and family and practiced law. Menke served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1971 to 1974 and was a Democrat. He served as a Scott County Judge and as a Minnesota District Court Judge from 1974 until 1993. Menke died from injuries from a fall near Mount Laguna, California while hiking on the Pacific Crest Trail.
References
1935 births
2006 deaths
People from Jordan, Minnesota
People from Staples, Minnesota
University of Minnesota alumni
University of Minnesota Law School alumni
Minnesota lawyers
Minnesota state court judges
Minnesota Democrats
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Accidental deaths in California
Group Captain Desmond James Scott, (11 September 1918 – 8 October 1997) was a New Zealand fighter pilot and flying ace of the Second World War. He was credited with the destruction of at least five enemy aircraft.
Born in Ashburton, he learnt to fly privately. He joined the Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF) in March 1940. Arriving in Britain in September, he was attached to the Royal Air Force (RAF) and flew Hawker Hurricanes with No. 3 Squadron. Awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and Bar for his service with the squadron, he later flew Hawker Typhoons in operations over the English Channel and Europe. In 1943, he commanded No. 486 Squadron, for which he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order, and then the Tangmere Fighter Wing. At the end of the year, he was appointed the station commander of RAF Hawkinge. While in this role, he rescued a pilot of a crashed and burning Supermarine Spitfire, and was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for this feat. He commanded No. 123 Wing during Operation Overlord and subsequent campaigns in France and the Netherlands. He ended the war as a group captain, the youngest man in the RNZAF to achieve this rank. After the war, he transferred to the RAF and served with Transport Command. He returned to New Zealand with his family in 1948 and retired from the RAF in 1949. He died in 1997, aged 79.
Early life
Desmond James Scott was born in Ashburton in the province of Canterbury, New Zealand, on 11 September 1918. His father, John Scott, was a shepherd but later moved his family to Cheviot, where he worked as a stock and station agent. Scott was educated at Cheviot School from 1929 and then from 1933, attended Cathedral Grammar School in Christchurch, as a boarder. Once his education was completed, he became a stock agent. He later worked as a salesman of agricultural equipment. He also served in the Territorial Force, joining the Canterbury Yeomanry in 1936 as a cavalryman. It was while he was on an exercise with the yeomanry, when his troop experienced a mock attack by Bristol fighters of the Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF), that he resolved to learn to fly. He commenced flying lessons shortly afterwards.
Second World War
In March 1940, with the Second World War well underway, Scott joined the RNZAF. According to Scott, he had taken advantage of a scheme that provided government funds to private individuals for flight training in return for a commitment to serve in the military if called upon. On the outbreak of hostilities with Nazi Germany, the scheme compelled him to enlist in the RNZAF. He was sent for training to the RNZAF base at Wigram Aerodrome and in late 1940, with others from his flight school intake, he sailed to England as a sergeant pilot to serve in the Royal Air Force (RAF). After his arrival, he received further flight training at RAF Sutton Bridge, where he learnt to fly the Hawker Hurricane.
Service with No. 3 Squadron
Scott was posted to RAF Fighter Command, joining No. 3 Squadron, based at RAF Skeabrae in the Orkney Islands at the time. Not long after his arrival at the squadron, he helped recover the body of a pilot who had crashed on the airfield. He was reprimanded for this as he had left the cockpit of his Hurricane, idling on the airfield at the time, without permission.
In the spring of 1941, No. 3 Squadron, commanded by fellow New Zealander Russell Aitken was transferred to Martlesham Heath, near Ipswich, and became part of No. 11 Group. The squadron commenced a variety of duties: fighter sweeps, attacks on enemy shipping in the English Channel, escort missions, and night-fighter duties. On 7 August 1941, while on a sweep over France, he claimed one Messerschmitt Bf 109 as probably destroyed and another damaged over Le Touquet. Soon afterwards, he was promoted to flight sergeant. Later in the year and into 1942, Scott flew several night intruder missions over the Netherlands; a Messerschmitt Bf 110 was probably destroyed on the night of 5 January, with his first confirmed destroyed enemy aircraft, an unidentified type, achieved nearly three months later, on the night of 26 March. By this time, he was a pilot officer, having been commissioned earlier in the year. In May, and now flying a Hurricane Mk IIC, he destroyed two more aircraft, one being a half share with another pilot, and two probables, one of which was a Junkers Ju 88 bomber. Another Ju 88 was claimed as damaged. The same month, he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC). The citation, published in the London Gazette, read:
In June, he made only one claim, for a damaged Dornier Do 217. Promoted to flight lieutenant the same month, in July, a Ju 88 was confirmed as destroyed over Nordwijk and another enemy aircraft as damaged. Made a flight commander in August, he was taken off operations the following month.
Squadron leader
Having been promoted to squadron leader, Scott was posted to Bentley Priory, the headquarters of Fighter Command, in a staff role for six months. While at Bentley, he was part of a group working on night-fighting tactics. During this time, he was awarded a bar to his DFC in acknowledgement of his service from June up until his departure from No. 3 Squadron. The citation, published at the end of September, read:
He was presented with his DFC and bar by King George VI in a ceremony held at Buckingham Palace in November. In April 1943, having ended his staff work at Bentley Priory, Scott attended a fighter leader's school and then converted to the Hawker Typhoon. He returned to operations, joining No. 198 Squadron as a for a brief period of time, before being appointed commander of No. 486 Squadron. At the time No. 486 Squadron was preoccupied with defensive duties, flying patrols to catch sneak raids mounted by the Luftwaffe. Implementing a high standard of discipline, he switched tactics, having the squadron attacking enemy shipping and carrying out offensive fighter-bomber operations over Europe.
Within days of taking over the squadron, Scott shared in the destruction of one Focke Wulf Fw 190 and the damage of another Fw 190 off Étretat. On 14 April, he shared in the destruction of a Bf 109. He was particularly remorseful on this occasion as he had fired on the pilot of the Bf 109, struggling to exit the aircraft before it plunged into the sea. He destroyed a Fw 190 on 25 May over to the south of Brighton, and a second late the next month off the Somme estuary. In July, he shared in the destruction of another Fw 190 near Le Havre. This was during a rescue operation, providing cover for a dinghy holding the crew of a British Vickers Wellington bomber that had crashed into the English Channel and which had been spotted by Scott's flight as they made their way to Le Havre to attack enemy shipping. The crew was later recovered. In early September, he received the Distinguished Service Order (DSO). The citation read:
Wing leader
The same month Scott's DSO was gazetted, he was promoted to the rank of wing commander and appointed leader of a fighter wing of three squadrons, one of which being No. 486 Squadron, at RAF Tangmere. In this role, he led the wing in fighter-bomber raids on targets in the northern part of France or escorted bombers. On 24 September, flying near Trouville, he claimed a Fw 190 as damaged. In November, he was rested from flying operations and posted as commander of the RAF station at Hawkinge. In January 1944, a Supermarine Spitfire crashed in flames on the station's airfield. Scott went to the aid of the pilot and extracted him from the burning aircraft. For this action, during which he received burns to his face and hands, he was later appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). The pilot he rescued later died of his injuries. The published citation for the OBE read: In March, he was appointed commander of the newly formed No. 123 Wing, which operated Typhoons and was made up of No. 609, 164, 183 and 198 Squadrons. The wing flew in support of the invasion of Normandy and then Scott took his command, as part of the 2nd Tactical Air Force, to mainland Europe, firstly in France and then the Netherlands. When he was promoted to group captain in July, he was the youngest man to hold this rank in the RNZAF. Under his leadership, No. 123 Wing provided air support for the British during Operation Market Garden and for the Canadian infantry during the Battle of the Scheldt. For his services commanding the wing, he was mentioned in despatches. He finished his tour in February 1945, by now a married man. He had wed Joyce Marguerite in December the previous year. His wife was present when he was invested with the DSO and OBE a few months later in a ceremony at Buckingham Palace.
Already one of New Zealand's most decorated fighter pilots of the Second World War, Scott was awarded the French Croix de Guerre as well as the Belgian equivalent. He also was appointed a commander of the Order of Orange-Nassau, a Dutch honour. He was credited with five aircraft destroyed, and a share in three more. He also had six probables, two of which were shared with other pilots, and five damaged with one more shared.
Postwar period
Scott was one of many pilots of the RNZAF who in the postwar period opted for a permanent commission in the RAF. He received a commission as a flight lieutenant from 14 August 1947 with his seniority dating from 1 September 1945. He retained his war substantive rank of wing commander but this was reverted to squadron leader later in the year. He was posted to Transport Command, where he was commander of the station at RAF Dishforth. He was later part of an RAF delegation sent to Greece, where he acted as an air advisory officer to the Greek Air Force. He retired from the RAF effective 28 February 1949, due to "medical unfitness", but by that time was already back in New Zealand.
Later life
Returning to New Zealand with his family in December 1948, Scott settled in Christchurch and became an importer-exporter. He was a member of the New Zealand Labour Party and was initially selected to contest the Christchurch electorate of St Albans for Labour at the general election. However he ultimately did not stand in the election, and his replacement as the Labour candidate for St Albans, Neville Pickering, won the seat.
In 1972, Scott became married again, to Margaret Helen née Barrell; his first wife had died three years previously. He published an account of his wartime exploits, Typhoon Pilot, in 1982; it was well received by the public. He later followed this with One More Hour in 1989. He died in Christchurch on 8 October 1997, aged 79. He was survived by his second wife and the four daughters of his first marriage.
Notes
References
External links
New Zealand Fighter Pilots Museum
No. 3 Fighter Squadron Association
1918 births
1997 deaths
New Zealand Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
New Zealand military personnel of World War II
New Zealand Officers of the Order of the British Empire
New Zealand World War II flying aces
People from Ashburton, New Zealand
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1939–1945 (France)
Recipients of the Croix de guerre (Belgium)
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Air Force group captains
New Zealand Labour Party politicians
Murray Corner is a community in the Canadian province of New Brunswick in Westmorland County on Route 955.
Murray Corner is on the Northumberland Strait;
its main sources of recreation are boating, snowmobiling, horseback riding and other outdoor activities. Murray Corner is also the home of the Murray Beach Provincial Park.
History
Located north of Murray Road, on the road to Bayfield: Botsford Parish, Westmorland County: David Murray, Joseph Murray, Andrew Murray and John Murray, originally from Scotland, settled here about 1822: PO 1853-1913 with Pinquey Murray as the first postmaster: in 1866 Murray Corner was a farming and fishing settlement with about 22 families: in 1871 it had a population of 200: in 1898 Murray Corner had one store, two lobster factories, one church and a population of 150.
Notable people
See also
List of communities in New Brunswick
References
Communities in Westmorland County, New Brunswick
Designated places in New Brunswick
Local service districts of Westmorland County, New Brunswick
Arshad Hussain Urdu: ارشںد حسیں (born 13 July 1990, in Karachi) is an amateur Pakistani boxer.
Career
Hussain fights in the Welterweight (69 kg) class. He is being supported by Pakistan Air Force.
2010
At the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, he defeated Palestine's Ahmed Altaramsi in the round of 32 when the referee stopped the fight. In the round of 16 he was defeated by Philippines's Wilfredo Lopez.
References
Living people
1990 births
Boxers at the 2010 Asian Games
Martial artists from Karachi
Pakistani male boxers
Asian Games competitors for Pakistan
Welterweight boxers
The Colonial Theatre is a historic movie theater located at Canton, Haywood County, North Carolina. It was designed by Benton & Benton and built in 1932. It is a 2 1/2-story, five bay Colonial Revival style brick building. The theater auditorium has 650 seats, including the auditorium and the balcony. The Colonial Theater has been renovated and is now used for concerts, movies, and plays.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. It is located in the Canton Main Street Historic District.
References
External links
Cinema Treasures
Theatres completed in 1932
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Colonial Revival architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Haywood County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Haywood County, North Carolina
Historic district contributing properties in North Carolina
Percival Chase Parr (2 December 1859 – 3 September 1912) was an English footballer who earned one cap for the national team in 1882. Parr played club football usually as goalkeeper but later than centre-forward for Oxford University, taking part in the 1880 FA Cup Final.
Early life
Parr was born at Bickley, near Bromley, Kent, son of a British Army General, and educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford, graduating as B.A. in 1883.
Football career
Parr had played in the Winchester football XI in 1877, and was an Oxford football Blue in each year of 1880 to 1882, captaining his team in the latter year.
C.W. Alcock described him as "a splendid goalkeeper, very cool and full of pluck" though he also appeared for England as centre-forward in his one international game, against Wales at Wrexham in 1882, scoring a goal. He kept goal in his first two Varsity matches, but captained his team as centre in the third.
At the FA Cup Final for Oxford against Clapham Rovers on 10 April 1880 at Kennington Oval, he kept goal successfully until, just six minutes before call of time, Clopton Lloyd-Jones scored the match's only goal, let in through a weak mis-kick from Oxford teammate Charles King, for Rovers.
Parr also played for Swifts F.C., where as centre he scored the hat-trick of goals against Upton Park in a second round F.A. Cup tie replay in 1882, as well as old boy club Old Wykehamists. He also played in representative matches for West Kent and Kent county.
He was a member of the Football Association committee in 1881.
Other sports
Parr was also a cricketer, playing in the Winchester College XI in 1877-78 and made one first-class cricket appearance for the Gentlemen of Kent in 1880.
Career outside sport
Parr was a barrister, called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1885, who later branched out into publishing. He was partnered in the publishing firm of W.H. Allen & Company, and editor of magazines National Observer from 1894 and Ladies' Field. He died at his last home, Molescroft, at Widmore, Bromley, in 1912 aged fifty-two.
References
External links
Profile at England Stats
1859 births
1912 deaths
English footballers
England international footballers
Oxford University A.F.C. players
People educated at Winchester College
English cricketers
Gentlemen of Kent cricketers
Association football goalkeepers
FA Cup Final players
Hopesay is a civil parish in Shropshire, England. It contains 27 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the villages of Hopesay, Aston on Clun, and Broome, and the surrounding countryside. Most of the listed buildings are houses, cottages, farmhouses, and farm buildings, many of which are timber framed dating from the 15th to the 17th centuries. The other listed buildings are a church, a bridge, four milestones and a telephone kiosk.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of buildings and structures in Shropshire
The 2018–19 Arizona State Sun Devils women's basketball team represents Arizona State University during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Sun Devils, led by twenty second year head coach Charli Turner Thorne, play their games at Wells Fargo Arena and were members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 22–11, 10–7 in Pac-12 play to finish in fifth place. They advanced to the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Women's Tournament where they lost to UCLA. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA women's tournament where they defeated UCF and Miami (FL) in the first and second rounds before losing to Mississippi State in the sweet sixteen.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Pac-12 regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Pac-12 Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA Women's Tournament
Rankings
^Coaches' Poll did not release a second poll at the same time as the AP.
See also
2018–19 Arizona State Sun Devils men's basketball team
References
Arizona State Sun Devils women's basketball seasons
Arizona State
Arizona State Sun Devils women's basketball
Arizona State Sun Devils women's basketball
Arizona State
ITS Platform is a Danish project which will develop and test the next generation of technologies in the field of ITS equipment in the years from 2010 to 2013. ITS is the abbreviation for “intelligent transport systems”, and it covers systems and services which can contribute to make the traffic of the future safer, more efficient, and more sustainable.
Concept
ITS Platform consists of a mobile unit in a car and an ITS server. The mobile unit, called the InnBox, collects information about things like the driver's position, speed, and acceleration. The collected information is sent to the server, where it will be retained and re-sent to the drivers, who thus receives targeted and individual traffic information both during and after their driving.
Applications
It is strongly emphasised that the system functions as an open platform and as the basis on which the actual ITS applications and services are built. The ITS Platform will develop four demonstration applications, which will be fully operational and may serve as inspiration for an actual product development by other interested companies. The system will contribute to relieve the traffic problems in and around the bigger cities. The four demonstration applications will consist of:
Driving-statistics application – to collect data about driving style, and the driver is able to print a log which fulfills the demands of the Danish Tax Authority
Personally adapted traffic information about congestion on and near the driver's route
Parking application – automatically pays driver's parking ticket
Cooperates with the Danish National Road Directorate on optimising the continuous traffic information for the benefit of all drivers
The participants have access to the application through a personal website, and it is possible to get information by text messages.
Industrial development
The project, which is coordinated by Aalborg University in cooperation with the companies GateHouse and Inntrasys, will be a promoter for the development of an ITS cluster anchored in North Jutland of Denmark. Here new technologies are developed and tested before they are implemented throughout the country.
The ITS Platform has a total budget of 35 million DKK (5 million €). The project is funded with DKK 17.4 million from the EU Regional Development Fund, the North Jutland Development Fund, as well as Aalborg University, GateHouse, and Inntrasys.
Cooperation
ITS Platform is based partly on thorough knowledge about mobile communication, databases and tracking by the companies Inntrasys and GateHouse and partly on a long series of results from research by Aalborg University. The InnBox is developed by Inntrasys, and GateHouse works with the ITS server. In addition to this The Municipality of Aalborg, DR (Danish Broadcasting Corporation), the Danish Road Directorate, and Nets participate in the project.
See also
GateHouse
Inntrasys
ITS Denmark (only available in Danish)
ITS Platform
Footnotes
Intelligent transportation systems
Proposed transport infrastructure in Denmark
Science and technology in Denmark
Anthony Duclair (born August 26, 1995) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). Duclair was selected by the New York Rangers in the third round, 80th overall, of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, the organization with which he began his NHL career. Duclair has also played in the NHL for the Arizona Coyotes, Chicago Blackhawks, Columbus Blue Jackets and Ottawa Senators.
Early years
Duclair was born on August 26, 1995, in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, and was raised in Laval by Haitian immigrants Wendell Duclair and Dominique Raphael. While both his father and uncle played Canadian football, with uncle Farell Duclair helping the Calgary Stampeders win the 74th Grey Cup in 1986, Anthony instead played ice hockey. A fan of the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL), Duclair's favorite childhood hockey player was Saku Koivu.
Duclair began ice skating at the age of two and playing hockey two years later. As a child, Duclair attended schools where he would be finished with class early in the afternoon, allowing him to spend more time practicing hockey. In 2008, he and Frédérik Gauthier appeared in the Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey affiliate of the Canadiens. As an adolescent, he played with the Lac St. Louis Lions of the Quebec Midget AAA Hockey League. In 2011, the Lions won the Jimmy Ferrari Cup, and Duclair was awarded the Mario Lemieux Trophy for the top 15-year-old prospect in the league. The Lions then advanced to the Telus Cup, where Duclair scored two goals in their bronze medal match win over the Vancouver North West Giants.
Playing career
Junior
Duclair spent three seasons with the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). He scored an impressive 50 goals in 59 games during the 2013–14 season. Duclair was rewarded for his outstanding play being named to the QMJHL First All-Star Team.
Professional
New York Rangers (2014–15)
Duclair signed an entry-level contract with the Rangers on January 2, 2014. Because he waited until the beginning of 2014 to sign, under the NHL collective bargaining agreement, Duclair was exempt from a usual clause with rookie players in which they can be returned to their junior teams within the first 10 games of an NHL season without triggering the first year of their contract. He impressed head coach Alain Vigneault during the Rangers' 2014 training camp, but was not able to appear on their opening night roster until the team was under their 50-contract limit. General manager Glen Sather traded defenseman Steven Kampfer and forward Andrew Yogan to the Florida Panthers in exchange for Joey Crabb in order to accommodate a roster position for Duclair. He made his NHL debut on October 9, 2014, playing on a line with J. T. Miller and Lee Stempniak for a 3–2 Rangers victory over the St. Louis Blues. He recorded five points in his first seven NHL games, culminating in his first goal on October 27. The Rangers began the third period of that game down 3–0 to the Minnesota Wild, but Duclair scored the game-tying goal against Darcy Kuemper with just under four minutes left to play; 37 seconds later, Mats Zuccarello put the Rangers ahead 5–4 to win.
Duclair struggled to maintain his scoring output after his first goal: after recording one goal and five assists in his first nine games, he added only one more assist through the next nine. Although Vigneault and the Rangers were initially hesitant to send Duclair back to the Remparts, as he would have to remain there until the conclusion of their 2014–15 season, he was too young to play in the American Hockey League (AHL) and was returned to his junior team on January 5, 2015. After being returned to the Remparts, Duclair recorded 34 points in 26 QMJHL games, including seven points in his last four games before the 2015 playoffs. He added another 26 points in 22 playoff games before the Remparts were defeated by the Rimouski Océanic in Game 7 of the President's Cup series.
Arizona Coyotes
On March 1, 2015, while playing with the Remparts, Duclair was traded to the Arizona Coyotes (along with John Moore and two draft picks) in exchange for Keith Yandle and Chris Summers.
Arizona Coyotes general manager Don Maloney confirmed fan speculation by stating that he acquired Duclair from the New York Rangers in the hopes that he would develop line chemistry with a rookie Arizona already possessed, Max Domi. This was due to the fact that during the 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championship, Duclair and Domi both showed visible chemistry and were key components in leading Canada to gold.
On October 14, 2015, Duclair scored his first career NHL hat-trick in a 4–0 shut-out win against the Anaheim Ducks. Fellow rookie Max Domi pitched in a goal of his own and an assist on one of Duclair's goals. In Duclair's first full season in the NHL, he developed instant line chemistry with Domi, earning the duo the nickname "The Killer D's".
On January 19, 2017, Duclair was demoted to the team's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Tucson Roadrunners, due to a lack of production. On March 3, 2017, he returned to the Coyotes.
On January 4, 2018, it was reported that Duclair had requested to be traded from the Coyotes.
Chicago Blackhawks
On January 10, 2018, Duclair was traded (alongside defenceman Adam Clendening) to the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for forwards Richard Pánik and Laurent Dauphin. His inconsistency carried over to the Blackhawks, after making an initial impact he finished the season scoreless in his last 14 games and finished the season appearing in 23 games for 8 points for Chicago.
On June 25, 2018, as a restricted free agent, Duclair was not tendered a qualifying offer by the Blackhawks and was released to explore free agency.
Columbus Blue Jackets
On July 5, 2018, Duclair signed a one-year, one-way contract worth $650,000 with the Columbus Blue Jackets. In 53 games for the team, Duclair recorded 11 goals and 19 points.
Ottawa Senators
On February 23, 2019, Duclair was traded to the Ottawa Senators (along with second-round picks in 2020 and 2021) in exchange for Ryan Dzingel and a seventh-round pick in 2019. Only a few days before the trade, Blue Jackets head coach John Tortorella publicly criticized Duclair, saying that Duclair "doesn't know how to play".
On June 17, 2019, Duclair signed a one-year contract with the Senators for the 2019–20 season worth $1.65 million. He immediately became one of Ottawa's top offensive players, recording 21 goals and 30 points in his first 38 games, leading the team in both categories. He was subsequently named as the Senators' representative for the 2020 NHL All-Star Game held on January 25, 2020, in St. Louis.
On June 8, 2020, Duclair became an inaugural executive board member the Hockey Diversity Alliance, whose goal is to address intolerance and racism in hockey.
In October 2020, Duclair fired his agent and took over contract negotiations with the Senators by himself, against the advice of GM Pierre Dorion. The two sides could not come to an agreement and the Senators declined to offer him a qualifying offer on a new contract, making him a free agent.
Florida Panthers
On December 17, 2020, Duclair signed as a free agent to a one-year, $1.7 million contract with the Florida Panthers.
On July 15, 2021, Duclair signed a three-year, $9 million contract extension with the Panthers.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Arizona Coyotes players
Black Canadian ice hockey players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Canadian sportspeople of Haitian descent
Chicago Blackhawks players
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Florida Panthers players
Haitian Quebecers
Ice hockey people from Quebec
New York Rangers draft picks
New York Rangers players
Ottawa Senators players
People from Pointe-Claire
Quebec Remparts players
Sportspeople from Laval, Quebec
Tucson Roadrunners players
Love Backed by Force is the sole studio album by British post-punk band Tronics, released in 1980 by record label Alien.
Reception
Fact called it a "bizarre, brilliant DIY record".
References
External links
1980 albums
Tronics albums
Ponticaulis profundi is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Ponticaulis which has been isolated from a seamount near the Yap Trench.
References
Caulobacterales
Bacteria described in 2018
Trade Union Pro () is a trade union representing banking and clerical workers in Finland.
The union was founded in 2011, when the Trade Union Direct merged with the Union of Salaried Employees. Like its predecessors, the union affiliated to the Finnish Confederation of Professionals (STTK).
On formation, the union was led by Antti Rinne. He stood down in 2014, and was succeeded by Jorma Malinen. In 2019, the Confederation of State Employees' Unions – Pardia merged into Pro, giving it about 120,000 members. In 2021, the Union of Insurance Employees also merged in.
External links
References
Clerical trade unions
Trade unions established in 2011
Trade unions in Finland
Pastoralis praeeminentiae was a papal bull issued by Pope Clement V on 22 November 1307 to all Christian monarchs. It ordered the arrest of all Knights Templar and to seize their properties on behalf of the church. Clement was forced to support the campaign against the Templars by Philip IV of France, who owed them a great deal of money and had initiated the first arrests against the Templars on 13 October 1307.
Despite the papal request, not all the monarchs complied immediately, most notably, Edward II of England who at first refused to believe the allegations, but later carried out the order.
Following the arrests, a period of trials was sanctioned against the Templars, enforced by torture and pain-induced confessions.
See also
History of the Knights Templar
List of papal bulls
References
Knights Templar
1307 works
14th-century papal bulls
Documents of Pope Clement V
1307 in Europe
The Electoral district of Villiers and Heytesbury was one of the original sixteen electoral districts of the old unicameral Victorian Legislative Council of 1851 to 1856. Victoria being a colony in Australia at the time.
The district was located in western Victoria and included the counties of Villiers and Heytesbury, covering the area from Lake Corangamite along the coast westward past Port Fairy.
From 1856 onwards, the Victorian parliament consisted of two houses, the Victorian Legislative Council (upper house, consisting of Provinces) and the Victorian Legislative Assembly (lower house).
Members
One member initially, two from 1853.
= resigned
= by-election
Rutledge later represented Villiers and Heytesbury in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from November 1856.
Forlonge later represented The Murray in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from January 1858.
See also
Parliaments of the Australian states and territories
List of members of the Victorian Legislative Council
References
Former electoral districts of Victorian Legislative Council
1851 establishments in Australia
1856 disestablishments in Australia
Tsamis () is a Greek surname. Notable people with that surname include:
Angelos Tsamis (born 1981), Greek professional basketball player
George Tsamis (born 1967), retired Major League Baseball pitcher, now a professional baseball team manager
Betty Tsamis
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
Pascalis may refer to:
Claudio De Pascalis (born 1982), Italian footballer
Claude Kévers-Pascalis (1920–2016), Belgian writer, historian and engineer
Pascalis Romanus (or Paschal the Roman), a 12th-century priest, medical expert, and dream theorist
See also
Paschalis (disambiguation)
Pascali (disambiguation)
Pascal (disambiguation)
Pasqual (disambiguation)
Pasquale (disambiguation)
Pascual (disambiguation)
USS Spadefish (SS/AGSS-411), a , was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the spadefish. Although she was commissioned late in the war and spent only one year in the Pacific war zone, she was able to run up a record of 88,091 tons in 21 ships and numerous trawlers sunk.
The first Spadefish was laid down on 27 May 1943 by the Mare Island Navy Yard in Vallejo, California; launched on 8 January 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Mildred Florence Scanland (née Boyd), wife of Commodore Francis W. Scanland; and commissioned on 9 March 1944, Commander Gordon W. Underwood in command.
First war patrol, July – September 1944
Following shakedown training along the coast of California, Spadefish departed San Francisco on 14 June and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 22 June. On 23 July, she got underway from Pearl Harbor for her maiden war patrol, as a member of a coordinated attack group with and .
On 19 August, while patrolling in Philippine waters off the northwest coast of Luzon, Spadefish torpedoed and sank her first enemy target the 9,589-ton, passenger-cargo ship Tamatsu Maru. Three days later, she trailed three large tankers through Babuyan Channel along the northern Luzon coast; closed range; and fired two spreads of torpedoes, sinking the 10,023-ton tanker Hakko Maru No. 2, and damaging a second tanker that, protected by a destroyer, limped back to a shallow cove off Luzon.
For several hours into the next day, Spadefish attempted to get around the escort to attack the damaged ship anchored in the cove. The submarine finally let go with four stern torpedoes at the destroyer, but the enemy zigged clear and proceeded to depth charge the entire area. Having only three torpedoes remaining, Spadefish set course for Tanapag Harbor, Saipan, to replenish her supply.
On 8 September, Spadefish was patrolling in waters of Nansei Shoto when she contacted a convoy of eight cargo ships. During a daring night surface attack, she fired a total of 20 torpedoes, sinking cargo ships Nichiman Maru, Nichian Maru, Shinten Maru, and Shokei Maru and damaging another. The following morning, she fired her final four torpedoes at an escort guarding the stricken ship; but they ran under the target. The submarine's only reward on this occasion was a rain of depth charges.
Although she was out of torpedoes, Spadefish continued to trail the remaining ships of the convoy that first took refuge in the harbor of Ishigaki; and then, in company with five escorts, continued their voyage. Spadefish terminated her first war patrol at Pearl Harbor on 24 September, having sunk six enemy ships for a total of over 31,500 tons. With the additional 33,000 tons sunk by her sister submarines, the coordinated attack group accounted for a total of 13 ships and over 64,000 tons of enemy shipping.
Second war patrol, October – December 1944
On 23 October, she got underway from Pearl Harbor for her second war patrol, in a coordinated attack group with and . While patrolling in the Yellow Sea on 14 November, she torpedoed and sank the Japanese cargo ship .
Three days later, she contacted an enemy convoy headed directly at her. After letting the convoy pass overhead, she surfaced after darkness had set in and commenced an "end around". She first fired six torpedoes at the prime target, the 21,000-ton escort aircraft carrier ; and then turned rapidly to port and fired four stern torpedoes at a tanker. The unarmored fuel tanks of the escort carrier Shinyo exploded and started a huge fire that destroyed the ship and killed most of her crew. Only 70 men from her crew of 1,200 officers and men survived. Damage to the tanker could not be confirmed.
Later that same night, Spadefish drove in for another attack, firing four stern torpedoes at Submarine Chaser No. 156. As the enemy disappeared in the resulting explosion, the submarine quickly evaded other escorts and left the vicinity.
Spadefish sank the fourth ship of her second patrol on 29 November by torpedoing the 3,760-ton cargo ship Daiboshi Maru No. 6; and then concluded her patrol at Majuro Atoll in the Marshall Islands on 12 December.
Third war patrol, January – February 1945
After spending the holidays at Majuro, Spadefish departed on 6 January 1945 for her third war patrol, conducted with , , and in the Yellow Sea. On 28 January, she intercepted an enemy convoy and let go with two spreads of torpedoes. The 7,158-ton converted seaplane tender Sanuki Maru, exploded and quickly sank, and the frigate Kume, spouted flames and began slowly to sink. Three enemy escorts pounced on Spadefish, but the submarine made her escape and continued her patrol.
Spadefish added to her score on 4 February by sinking the passenger-cargo ship Tairai Maru. Two days later, only five miles from Port Arthur, she blasted the 1,092-ton passenger-cargo ship Shohei Maru, to the bottom. An enemy patrol airplane dropped a depth charge in the vicinity of the submarine; but, although she was rocked by the shock waves, Spadefish was unharmed and returned to Guam on 13 February.
Fourth war patrol, March – April 1945
On 15 March, Spadefish departed Guam for her fourth war patrol, conducted in the East China and Yellow Seas. On 23 March, the submarine sneaked past four escorts and let go with three torpedoes that sank the 2,274-ton cargo ship Doryo Maru. Spadefish patrolled along the coast of Kyūshū, continuing north to Tsushima Strait, where she carried out reconnaissance to determine the presence of minefields. She demolished an enemy schooner off the coast of Korea on 1 April and gave the same treatment to a three-masted junk on 7 April. Two days later, she sank the cargo ship Lee Tung; and, on 11 April, damaged a minesweeper. She terminated her fourth patrol at Guam on 21 April.
Fifth war patrol, June – July 1945
Equipped with a new mine-detecting device, she began her fifth war patrol, joining eight other United States submarines in penetrating through the minefields of Tsushima Strait into the Sea of Japan. On 10 June, outside the breakwater of Tarukawa Wharf, Spadefish overtook the outbound passenger-cargo ship Daigen Maru No. 2, and blew the enemy ship apart with two torpedo hits. Before the day was over, the submarine had also sunk the passenger-cargo ships Unkai Maru No. 8 and Jintsu Maru.
Before dawn on 12 June, Spadefish sank a motor sampan with 20 mm fire; and, later in the day, sank three trawlers in gunfire attacks. On 13 June SS-411 sank the Soviet merchant ship Transbalt in a friendly fire incident. On 14 June, she sank the passenger-cargo ship Seizan Maru; and, in a night attack on 17 June, she sank the C.M. minelayer Eijō Maru. She then rejoined the other submarines and exited the Sea of Japan, returning to Pearl Harbor on 4 July.
Spadefish was preparing for another war patrol when hostilities with Japan ended. She remained at Pearl Harbor until 2 September and then set course for Mare Island Naval Shipyard where she was decommissioned on 3 May 1946 and was placed in reserve. She was reclassified an auxiliary submarine, AGSS-411, on 6 November 1962, was struck from the Navy List on 1 April 1967, and sold for scrap in 1969.
Spadefish (SS-411) received four battle stars for World War II service.
In popular culture
Spadefish is one of several submarines (along with the era's USS Tang, Bowfin, Growler, and Seawolf) whose war patrols can be re-enacted in the 1985 MicroProse computer game Silent Service and the game's various ports, including Konami's 1989 release for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
See also
Gordon Waite Underwood, commanding officer for first three war patrols
List of most successful American submarines in World War II
References
External links
1944 ships
Balao-class submarines
Ships built in Vallejo, California
World War II submarines of the United States
Highway 7 is a highway in Iraq which extends from Al Kut to Nasiriyah.
Roads in Iraq
Jessika Ponchet (born 26 September 1996) is a French professional tennis player. She has career-high WTA rankings of 152 in singles (attained on 25 July 2022), and 124 in doubles (achieved on 11 July 2022).
Career
Ponchet did not play any ITF Junior Circuit tournaments, plunging straight into the ITF Women's Circuit at the age of 14.
2011–2013
Ponchet played the singles events of four tournaments and the doubles event of one tournament on the 2011 ITF Circuit, starting with a $100k tournament held in early July in the French city of Biarritz. She played a total of 11 and 18 ITF tournaments in 2012 and 2013, respectively.
2014–2015
Ponchet played a total of 17 ITF tournaments in 2014. She suffered a major setback when torn knee ligaments forced her to miss tournaments in the first eight months of 2015. She played the singles events of seven tournaments and the doubles event of one tournament on the 2015 ITF Circuit.
2016
Ponchet played a total of 22 ITF tournaments in the 2016 season.
2017
She made her Grand Slam singles debut at the French Open after receiving a qualifying wildcard; however, after defeating Dalma Gálfi (the 2015 ITF World Champion in the girls' combined category), she lost to the No. 4 seed Richèl Hogenkamp in the second round.
Ponchet made her WTA 125 tournaments debut at the Open de Limoges, entering only its singles event. She received a wildcard for the main draw, where she defeated her compatriot Chloé Paquet in the first round and lost to the No. 7 seed Kaia Kanepi in the second.
Ponchet finished 2017 with a final win–loss record of 42–24 for singles matches.
2018
She made her Grand Slam and WTA Tour singles main-draw debut at the Australian Open after receiving a wildcard for the main draw, where she lost in the first round to the No. 3 seed Garbiñe Muguruza. Prior to the Australian Open, Ponchet had in her entire career played in the singles main-draw event of just one tournament that was at a higher level than the ITF Women's Circuit (the 2017 Open de Limoges) and had never even faced a player ranked in the top 100 of WTA singles rankings.
Ponchet made French Open debut after receiving a wildcard for the singles main draw, where she lost in the first round to the unseeded Lucie Šafářová, in straight sets.
2019
At the Australian Open, Ponchet reached the singles main draw where she lost in the first round to 19th-seeded Caroline Garcia, after winning all her three qualifying matches without dropping a set.
On 9 April, in her first-round match of the $25k tournament in Sunderland, Ponchet was leading Tara Moore 6–0, 5–0 and had a match point to achieve a double bagel, but Moore staged a comeback to win 0–6, 7–6, 6–3.
Performance timelines
Singles
Current after the 2022 Tallinn.
Doubles
WTA 125 tournament finals
Doubles: 3 (3 runner-ups)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 13 (7 titles, 6 runner–ups)
Doubles: 18 (12 titles, 6 runner–ups)
Notes
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
French female tennis players
Bowling Green Township, Ohio, may refer to:
Bowling Green Township, Licking County, Ohio
Bowling Green Township, Marion County, Ohio
Ohio township disambiguation pages
The Battle of Arpachai was a battle on 18 June 1807 on the Akhurian River in Armenia during the Russo-Turkish War (1806–1812). It was fought between a 7,000-man Russian force under Count Ivan Gudovich and more than 20,000 Ottoman force under Yusuf Pasha. The offensive was repelled by the Russian forces.
References
External links
www.napoleon-series.org
Arpachai
Arpachai
Arpachai
1807 in the Ottoman Empire
19th century in Armenia
1807 in the Russian Empire
June 1807 events
AAA Northern New England (AAANE) is the affiliate of the American Automobile Association which serves the U.S. states of Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine. It is based in Portland, Maine.
History
AAA Vermont was the Vermont arm of the American Automobile Association and was founded in 1903.
AAA New Hampshire was acquired by AAA Northern New England in 1997.
In 1999 and 2000, AAANE made donations to Vermont Technical College for a scholarship program for automotive technology students. It has also awarded scholarships to automotive technology students at Southern Maine Technical College.
In 2002, it announced an affiliation agreement with the Automobile Club of Southern California.
References
External links
AAA Northern New England
Northern New England
Transportation in Maine
Transportation in Vermont
Transportation in New Hampshire
Companies based in Portland, Maine
The 1901 Pittsburgh College football team was an American football team that represented Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost—now known as Duquesne University—during the 1901 college football season. The team finished the season with a record of 3–2.
Schedule
References
Pittsburgh College
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Pittsburgh College football
This article shows the roster of all participating teams at the 2016 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
References
External links
2016
2016 in volleyball
Bertrand Gallou (born 9 May 1974) is a French former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Between 1994 and 1999, he played in Ligue 2 for FC Mulhouse.
References
1974 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tours, France
French footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Tours FC players
FC Mulhouse players
Angoulême Charente FC players
Gap HAFC players
Ligue 2 players
Footballers from Centre-Val de Loire
Opisthorchis felineus, or cat liver fluke is a trematode parasite that infects the liver in mammals. It was first discovered in 1884 in a cat's liver by Sebastiano Rivolta of Italy. In 1891, Russian parasitologist, Konstantin Nikolaevich Vinogradov (1847–1906) found it in a human, and named the parasite a "Siberian liver fluke". In the 1930s, helminthologist Hans Vogel of Hamburg published an article describing the life cycle of Opisthorchis felineus.
felineus infections may also involve the pancreatic ducts. Diagnosis of Opisthorchis infection is based on microscopic identification of parasite eggs in stool specimens. Safe and effective medication is available to treat Opisthorchis infections. Adequately freezing or cooking fish will kill the parasite
Distribution
Distribution of Opisthorchis felineus include: Spain, Italy, Albania, Greece, France, Macedonia, Switzerland, Germany, Poland, Russia, Turkey, and Caucasus.
Life cycle
The first intermediate hosts of the parasite are freshwater snails:
Bithynia inflata (synonym: Codiella inflata)
Bithynia troschelii
Bithynia leachii
Bithynia tentaculata
The second intermediate hosts are freshwater fish: Leuciscus idus, Tinca tinca, Abramis brama, white-eye bream Ballerus sapa, Barbus barbus, common carp Cyprinus carpio, Blicca bjoerkna, Leuciscus idus, Alburnus alburnus, Aspius aspius, and common rudd Scardinius erythropthalmus.
The definitive hosts are fish-eating mammals such as dogs, foxes, cats, rats, pigs, rabbits, seals, lions, wolverines, martens, polecats and humans.
Effect on human health
It is estimated that 1.5 million people in Russia are infected with the parasite. Inhabitants of Siberia acquire the infection by consuming raw, slightly salted and frozen fish.
Opisthorchiasis, the disease caused by Opisthorchis felineus, ranges in severity from asymptomatic infection to severe illness. Patient outcome is dependent on early detection and treatment.
Human cases of opisthorchiasis may affect the liver, pancreas, and gall bladder. If not treated in the early stages, opisthorchiasis may cause cirrhosis of the liver and increased risk of liver cancer, but may be asymptomatic in children.
Two weeks after flukes enter the body, the parasites infect the biliary tract. Symptoms of infection include fever, general felling of tiredness, skin rash, and gastrointestinal disturbances. Severe anemia and liver damage may also incapacitate the infected person for 1–2 months. Treatment of opisthorchiasis is generally with a single dose of praziquantel.
See also
List of parasites (human)
References
External links
Animals described in 1895
Parasites of cats
Zoonoses
Plagiorchiida
Kalian Chak railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated at Kalian Chak in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
Daniel J. Caron (born 1957) was the Librarian and Archivist of Canada from April 25, 2009 until May 15, 2013. He is also a professor, author and public speaker.
Education
Caron graduated with a Bachelor's and a Master's degree in Economics from Laval University, and earned a doctorate in Applied Human Sciences from the University of Montreal. His doctoral dissertation was in Canadian studies on aboriginal issues.
Career
Caron began his public service in 1982 at the Competition Bureau and also worked for the National Museums of Canada Corporation and Department of Indian Affairs and Northern Development. Later, in the 1990s, he worked at the Economic Development Agency of Canada for Quebec. From Montreal he moved to the Treasury Board Secretariat where he was Director of the Service and Innovation Division. He moved to Human Resources Development Canada in 2000. In 2003 he joined the National Archives of Canada, now Library and Archives Canada (LAC), as the Director General of the Corporate Management Branch and subsequently held various positions at the institution.
Caron was appointed Librarian and Archivist of Canada on April 24, 2009. Between 2011 and 2013, at the request of the Clerk of the Privy Council, he was Chair of the Heads of Federal Agencies. Between 2010 and 2013, he was Chair of the Forum of National Archivists within the International Council of Archives. He was also a founding member of the Forum. He retired from the Canadian Public Service on May 15, 2013 after 31 years of service.
Caron has also taught at Concordia University, University of Ottawa, Carleton University and École nationale d'administration publique (ENAP). He has conducted research, published many articles and given several conference presentations on public administration, archival sciences and information management.
Publications
L'homme imbibé: de l'oral au numérique : un enjeu pour l'avenir des cultures? Paris: Hermann. 2014.
References
Further reading
External links
Canadian non-fiction writers
Writers from Quebec City
1957 births
Université Laval alumni
Université de Montréal alumni
Living people
People from Sainte-Foy, Quebec City
The was a seaplane tender and aircraft carrier unit of the Imperial Japanese Navy's Combined Fleet.
Organization
Commander
Footnotes
Bibliography
"Monthly The Maru" series, and "The Maru Special" series, (Japan)
"Monthly Ships of the World" series, (Japan)
"Famous Airplanes of the World" series and "Monthly Kōku Fan" series, Bunrindō (Japan)
4
Units of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service
Military units and formations established in 1937
Military units and formations disestablished in 1942
Military units and formations established in 1944
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Man vs. Wild is a video game inspired by the Man vs. Wild survival television series. In it, the player takes on the role of host Bear Grylls to survive the hardships of various environments. It was developed by American companies Floor 84 Studio and Scientifically Proven.
The game targeted all major seventh-generation platforms, but the handheld versions were ultimately cancelled.
Reception
Man vs. Wild received an overall score of 4.5/10 from Gameplay Today. GameZone gave the game a 6.5 out of 10, stating "Man vs. Wild is a fun, easy game based on a successful television series. Those looking for the next life-changing experience will probably find themselves disappointed. On the other hand, they might learn skills that may be helpful in the event that they're actually stranded in the wild one day."
References
External links
Crave Games
2011 video games
Action video games
Cancelled Nintendo DS games
Cancelled PlayStation Portable games
North America-exclusive video games
PlayStation 3 games
Video games based on television series
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in Africa
Video games set in Canada
Video games set in Florida
Video games set in Panama
Video games set in South America
Wii games
Xbox 360 games
Or So It Seems is an album by Graham Lewis, Bruce Gilbert and Daniel Miller under the pseudonym Duet Emmo (an anagram of Dome and Mute), released in 1983 by Mute Records.
The title track was also released as a 12" single and its b-side "Heart of Hearts" was included as a bonus track on CD releases of the album.
Reception
AllMusic called it "less a seamless marriage of the collaborators' aesthetics than an awkward cohabitation of abstruse Dome material with more accessible and melodic synth-oriented fare". Trouser Press wrote: "Or So It Seems fluctuates between atonal, electronic sound collages and stiff, monotonous synth-funk reminiscent of D.A.F., with no track ever getting off the ground. Fun studio noodling no doubt, but not of lasting import."
Track listing
References
External links
1983 debut albums
Wire (band)
Albums produced by John Fryer (producer)
Dignathodontidae is a monophyletic clade of soil centipedes in the family Geophilidae found in the Mediterranean region, extending to Macaronesia, Caucasus, and western and central Europe. The clade is characterized by a gradually anteriorly tapered body; a short head with non-attenuated antennae; and a poorly sclerotized labrum with tubercles.
Genera:
Agnathodon Folkmanová & Dobroruka, 1960
Dignathodon Meinert, 1870
Henia Koch, 1847
Pagotaenia Chamberlin, 1915
Zygophilus Chamberlin, 1952
References
Centipedes
Centipede families
Paul Lehrieder (born 20 November 1959) is a German lawyer and politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2005. He represents Würzburg.
Political career
Lehrieder became member of the bundestag after the 2005 German federal election. He is a member of the Committee on Tourism and the Committee on Legal Affairs and Consumer Protection.
In addition to his committee assignments, Lehrieder is part of the German Parliamentary Friendship Group for Relations with the States of South Asia.
In the negotiations to form a Grand Coalition of the Christian Democrats (CDU together with the Bavarian CSU) and the Social Democrats (SPD) following the 2013 federal elections, Lehrieder was part of the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on labor policy, led by Ursula von der Leyen and Andrea Nahles. In similar negotiations following the 2017 federal elections, he was part of the working group on families, women, seniors and youth, led by Annette Widmann-Mauz, Angelika Niebler and Katarina Barley.
Political positions
In June 2017, Lehrieder voted against Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1959 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
People from Ochsenfurt
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Marc Gini (born 8 November 1984 in Castasegna) is a Swiss alpine skier, specializing in slalom and giant slalom.
He started his career in 2000, and has competed in World Cup races since 2003. He was Swiss slalom champion in 2005, 2006, and 2007, and additionally also Swiss giant slalom champion in 2006. He won his first World Cup race on 11 November 2007.
His sister Sandra Gini is also a professional alpine skier competing in the World Cup.
World Cup victories
External links
Sandra and Marc Gini's website
1984 births
Living people
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Swiss male alpine skiers
Al Walker (born March 19, 1959) is an American former basketball coach. He currently is a pro personnel scout for the Detroit Pistons of the NBA, a position he'd held since 2015. He played college basketball for the Brockport Golden Eagles, won a gold medal with Team USA in the 1981 Maccabiah Games in Israel, and played one year of pro basketball in Israel. He served as the head coach for the Colorado College, Cornell University, Chaminade University of Honolulu and Binghamton University men's basketball teams.
Biography
Playing career
Walker played college basketball from 1978-81 for the Brockport Golden Eagles. He earned honorable mention on the Small College All-American team. At Brockport, in 2012 he ranked fifth all-time in rebounds (706; 2nd at the time of his graduation) and 20th in scoring (856), while playing only three seasons.
He graduated magna cum laude with a BS in physical education from Brockport State College in 1981, and earned a masters in sports psychology from UNC-Chapel Hill.
Walker is Jewish, and played basketball for Team USA in the 1981 Maccabiah Games in Israel, winning a gold medal with David Blatt, Danny Schayes (the first round draft pick of the NBA's Utah Jazz), and Willie Sims. In 1982 he then played one year of pro basketball in Israel.
Coaching career
Walker served as the head coach for the Colorado College, Cornell, Chaminade and Binghamton men's basketball teams. Walker was also an advance scout for the Orlando Magic for five seasons until 2012, and an assistant for the University of Buffalo women's basketball team from 2012 to 2013. From 2013 to 2015, he returned to Colorado College where he worked in the Major Gifts office.
Head coaching record
References
1959 births
Living people
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
American women's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from New York (state)
Binghamton Bearcats men's basketball coaches
Brockport Golden Eagles men's basketball players
Buffalo Bulls women's basketball coaches
Chaminade Silverswords men's basketball coaches
Colorado College Tigers men's basketball coaches
Competitors at the 1981 Maccabiah Games
Cornell Big Red men's basketball coaches
Jewish American sportspeople
Jewish men's basketball players
Maccabiah Games basketball players of the United States
Maccabiah Games medalists in basketball
Maccabiah Games gold medalists for the United States
Sportspeople from Queens, New York
The copper-throated sunbird (Leptocoma calcostetha) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
References
copper-throated sunbird
Birds of Southeast Asia
copper-throated sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Count Hieronymus Lauweryn or Jerome Laurinus of Watervliet was a courtier at the court of Philip the Handsome, (Lord of the Netherlands and Duke of Burgundy then briefly King of Castile) to whom Lauweryn was treasurer. He was also a courtier at the courts of Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor, and of Margaret of Austria. Of common origins, the lordship of Watervliet was awarded to Hieronymus by Philip in 1507. He married twice His son Matthias Lauweryn, or Matthias Laurinus (d.1540), the second lord of Watervliet, was well known to Erasmus. He was responsible for the construction of the Church of Our Lady's Ascension in Watervliet.
He is primarily remembered for having commissioned a chansonnier, which is named after him, around 1505/6 in Bruges. His chansonnier contains works by Alexander Agricola, Loyset Compère, Jean Mouton and Josquin. The songs are composed in various languages, comprising 36 French, and 25 Dutch, 14 Latin and 2 Italian works. Finally there is one Latin-French double-texted motet-chanson.
An edition of the chansonnier, with an introduction by W. McMurtry, was published by Alamire Music Publishers in 1989, and a selection of songs, including all Dutch songs, of the chansonnier recorded on 2 CDs by the Egidius Kwartet in 2007.
References
Belgian patrons of music
Cassin's kingbird (Tyrannus vociferans) is a large tyrant flycatcher native to western North America. The name of this bird commemorates the American ornithologist John Cassin.
Taxonomy
Cassin's kingbird was formally described in 1826 by English naturalist William John Swainson under the current binomial name Tyrannus vociferans. The type locality is Temascaltepec, Mexico. The specific epithet vociferans is Latin for "shouting".
Two subspecies are recognised:
T. v. vociferans Swainson, 1826 – southwest USA to central Mexico
T. v. xenopterus Griscom, 1934 – southwest Mexico
Description
Adults have a gray head with slightly darker cheeks; a dark unforked tail with a buffy fringe and gray-olive underparts. They have a pale throat and deep yellow lower breast.
Juveniles are duller and have pale edges on their wings.
Measurements:
Length:
Weight:
Wingspan: 41 cm
Similar species
Cassin's kingbird and the western kingbird are similar in appearance. Cassin's is a little larger than the western and the upper parts are a darker gray than the western. The most distinctive difference between these birds is that the Cassin's has a thin white edge along the distal end of the tail feathers, while the western kingbird has a thin white edge that runs along the side of the tail feathers. This difference can be seen in the adjacent image.
Distribution and habitat
In the summer, these birds can be found in California and from Montana to Utah, along the eastern Rocky Mountains. Their habitat includes rangelands and savannas.
These birds migrate to their winter quarters between Southern California and northern Central America. They are permanent residents in south-central Mexico, and their main wintering ranges are west of the Gulf of California on Baja California Sur, and east of the sea on the mainland of western Mexico.
Behavior
They build a bulky nest on a horizontal tree limb in mid-story or the canopy of trees. The three to five spotted white eggs have an incubation period of 18 to 19 days.
The Cassin's kingbird primarily feeds on insects it preys upon from high perches by hawking. It also eats berries and fruits in lesser quantities.
The call is a high-pitched shorter followed by a longer chirp, sounding like chi-beer.
Mating ritual
In early spring, presumably after having chosen (or shown up with) their mate, they launch into a peculiar dance. With excited high-pitched calls, they hover in unison, wings outstretched, over a favorite perch. This dance takes place several times a day over several days, over several separate sites in an area covering . The sites chosen for the dance appear to be the same sites used as hunting perches during the spring and summer.
References
External links
Photo of Cassin's kingbird at Coal Oil Point Reserve - UCNRS.org
Cassin's kingbird
Native birds of the Southwestern United States
Birds of Mexico
Cassin's kingbird
Josephine Kabick [Jo] (March 27, 1922 – February 8, 1978) was an American female pitcher who played from through in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at , 142 lb., Kabick batted and threw right-handed. She was born in Detroit, Michigan.
Kabick entered the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League in 1944 with the expansion Milwaukee Chicks, playing for them one year before joining the Grand Rapids Chicks (1945–46), Kenosha Comets (1946) and Peoria Redwings (1947). In her rookie season she posted a 26–19 record with 81 strikeouts in 45 pitching appearances, while leading the league in victories and innings of work (366).
In 1944 the Chicks, managed by Max Carey and supported by Kabick, slugger Merle Keagle, and the speedy Alma Ziegler, finished 30–26 in the first half of the year and dominated the second half (40-19) to collect the best overall record (70-45). They then went on to win the Championship Title, beating Kenosha in seven games.
Although the Chicks captured the AAGPBL championship, they had no local financial backing and could not compete with the American Association Milwaukee Brewers. In fact, the Chicks were forced to play all seven games of the series at Kenosha's Lake Front Stadium because the Brewers were using the Borchert Field in Milwaukee. Due to lack of community support and the vaunted skepticism of journalists, the team moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan, prior to the 1945 season.
But Kabick was unable to repeat her heroics for the 1945 season, while her teammate Connie Wisniewski emerged as one of the most dominant pitchers of the league. After pitching in the two cities, Kabick was dealt to Kenosha during the midseason. She slipped to a combined 16–18 record that year.
In 1946 Kabick improved to 19–19 with Kenosha, a pretty good performance considering her team finished seventh in the eight-team league with a losing record of 42–70, but then she found herself on the move again. This time Kabick went 13–16 for the fifth-place Peoria Redwings (55-57) in 1947, during what turned out to be her last AAGPBL season.
Kabick died in Florida at the age of 55. Ten years after her death she became part of the AAGPBL permanent display at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum at Cooperstown, New York, opened in , which is dedicated to the entire league rather than any individual player.
Pitching statistics
Sources
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League players
Milwaukee Chicks players
Grand Rapids Chicks players
Kenosha Comets players
Peoria Redwings players
Baseball players from Michigan
1922 births
1978 deaths
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
Victor Herbert Cockcroft (born 25 February 1941) is an English retired professional footballer who played in the Football League for Northampton Town and Rochdale as a full back. He was capped by England at youth level and was a part of the Northampton Town squad during the club's only season in the top-flight of English football.
Career statistics
References
1941 births
Living people
Footballers from Birmingham, West Midlands
Association football fullbacks
English footballers
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
England youth international footballers
The Pirate Party of Russia (PPR; ; Piratskaya partiya Rossii, PPR) is a political party in Russia based on the model of the Swedish Pirate Party. It was founded in July 2009.
History
In 2007, a Pirate Party movement in Russia called the Pirate Union-League of Сreative Freedom (SP - LTS) became inactive. Two years later, in the summer of 2009, it was succeeded by the modern Pirate Party of Russia, founded in light of the success of other international pirate parties. In January 2010, the first elections of the party's leadership took place.
In March 2011 the Russian Justice Ministry refused to register the party because of its name, since the "current legislation defines piracy as an attack on a sea or river craft, which is a criminal offense". The party appealed and the court hearing was scheduled to occur on 24 May. In July 2011, it was decided to officially register the party under the name "No-Name Party". On 30 June and 1 July 2012 the party was properly registered at last and with the name Pirate Party of Russia, but despite the board elected and statutes voted they still need to work in order to be fully recognized as a party.
Notable members
Lola Voronina, co-chairperson of Pirate Parties International (PPI)
Alexander Vladlenovich Shubin
External links
References
Political parties in Russia
Russian Pirate Party
Political organizations based in Russia
de:Piratenpartei#Piratenpartei Russland (PPRU)
Thomas Gracie (12 June 1889 – 23 October 1915) was a Scottish professional footballer and, latterly, a corporal in the 16th Battalion of The Royal Scots. He was the joint-leading scorer in the Scottish Football League in the 1914–15 season.
Career
He was born at 40 Edmund Street in Dennistoun, Glasgow, the son of Robert Gracie, flesher, and his wife, Harriet Bell.
Gracie studied bookkeeping upon leaving school before finding work as a meat salesman. He was concurrently playing Junior football for Shawfield, then Strathclyde, but in 1907 he was offered the chance to move into League football when approached by Airdrieonians, third-placed finishers the previous season. After short spells with Hamilton Academical and Arthurlie, he joined Morton in 1910.
In 1911, Gracie was selected as a reserve for Scotland's game against England at Goodison Park. Although he wasn't required to play, and would never gain an international cap, the journey proved profitable for him as he was signed by Everton at the game's conclusion. A season later he switched to the red half of Merseyside, signing for Liverpool in an exchange deal which saw Harold Uren move to Everton in exchange for Gracie and Bill Lacey. Unlike Lacey, however, Gracie was unable to establish himself in the Liverpool first team, making only sporadic appearances in his two and a half seasons at Anfield. When the opportunity arose to return to Scotland in 1914, he was glad to take it, admitting to feeling "unappreciated" in the south.
Gracie's destination was Hearts, manager John McCartney paying £400 for him as a replacement for the recently sold Percy Dawson. The Maroons were a rapidly emerging side and started the 1914–15 season with eight straight victories, including a 2–0 defeat of reigning champions Celtic in which Gracie scored, to become early league-leaders and title-favourites. Gracie was selected for the Scottish League XI in November 1914.
First World War
However, this streak coincided with the start of the First World War and the beginnings of a public debate upon the morality of continuing professional football while young soldiers were dying on the front-line. A motion was placed before the Scottish Football Association to postpone the season, with one of its backers, Airdrieonians chairman Thomas Forsyth declaring that "playing football while our men are fighting is repugnant". While this motion was defeated at the ballot box, with the SFA opting to wait for War Office advice, the noted East London philanthropist Frederick Charringtonn was orchestrating a public campaign to have professional football in Britain suspended, and achieving great popular support for his cause. The prime tactic of Charrington's campaign was to shame footballing players and officials into action through public and private denouncement, and as Gracie was then the leading scorer in the side leading the top division in Scotland, he was an obvious target for the anti-football crusade, much to his distress.
Gracie's response, and that of 10 of his team-mates, was to enlist in Sir George McCrae's new volunteer battalion, joining on mass on 25 November 1914. The battalion was Edinburgh's second pals battalion and was to become the 16th Royal Scots and was the first to earn the "footballer's battalion" sobriquet. Military training was thus added to the Hearts players football training regime, although this didn't initially stop the side's progress, as they compiled a 20-game unbeaten run between October and February.
However, exhaustion from their army exertions, twice including 10-hour nocturnal-marches the night before a league game, eventually led to a drop in form, as several enlisted players, including Gracie, missed key games. Defeats to St Mirren and Morton allowed Celtic to usurp the Maroons and eventually claim the league title by 4 points. For Gracie, finishing as the league's joint top-scorer, tied on 29 goals with Ayr United's James Richardson was scant consolation.
Illness and death
Gracie however faced a far more serious problem – in March 1915 he was diagnosed with leukemia, a prognosis he had shared only with manager McCartney. Despite his illness and against medical recommendation he decided to continue to play with Hearts and train with his battalion, and indeed scored 4 times during that month. He was still with the battalion when they were sent south to Ripon in June for further training but within weeks he had succumbed to fatigue and was committed to hospital in Leeds for treatment, before being transferred back to Scotland.
Gracie died on 23 October 1915 in Stobhill Hospital in his hometown Glasgow and was buried at Craigton Cemetery. His death concluded a dark year for the Gracie family, who had also lost Tom's brother John and brother-in-law Tommy during 1915's hostilities.
References
External links
Profile at lfchistory.net
Appearances at londonhearts.com
1889 births
1915 deaths
Airdrieonians F.C. (1878) players
Arthurlie F.C. players
Association football forwards
British Army personnel of World War I
Deaths from leukemia
Everton F.C. players
Greenock Morton F.C. players
Hamilton Academical F.C. players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
Liverpool F.C. players
Royal Scots soldiers
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Football League representative players
Scottish footballers
Shawfield F.C. players
Strathclyde F.C. players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Footballers from Glasgow
English Football League players
McCrae's Battalion
Scottish league football top scorers
Deaths from cancer in Scotland
British military personnel killed in World War I
Eva Schlotheuber (born 25 October 1959 in Osnabrück) is a German historian of Christianity in the Middle Ages.
Education and career
Eva Schlotheuber studied at the universities of Göttingen and Copenhagen. In 1994, she received her doctorate in Göttingen with a dissertation entitled Die Franziskaner in Göttingen. Die Geschichte des Klosters und seiner Bibliothek (The Franciscans in Göttingen. The history of the monastery and its library), supervised by Hartmut Hoffmann. From 1999 to 2001, she was a research assistant to Claudia Märtl at the Technical University of Braunschweig, and then in 2001, at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (LMU). In 2003, she completed her habilitation there with a thesis on the life of nuns in the late Middle Ages.
In 2003, she was senior assistant at the LMU Munich and held professorships in Braunschweig and Marburg. From 2007 to 2010 Schlotheuber taught as Professor of Medieval History and auxiliary sciences at the University of Münster. Since 2010 she holds the Chair of Medieval History at the Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf as successor to .
Since 2014, she has been a full member of the Zentraldirektion (central management) of the Monumenta Germaniae Historica and since 2016 a member of the Konstanzer Arbeitskreis für Mittelalterliche Geschichte. Since the 51st Deutscher Historikertag (Biennial Convention of German Historians) in Hamburg in 2016, she has been President of the .
In 2020, she was elected to the American Philosophical Society.
Research
Her research focuses on the history of education and libraries, cultural history, the history of religious orders, especially forms of life and expression in the medieval nunneries as well as the material culture of the Middle Ages, the portrayal of personality in the biographical and autobiographical literature of the High and Late Middle Ages and the conception of Emperor Charles IV's rule as well as the political structures and cultural currents of the 14th century. In autumn 2017, Schlotheuber and organized a Reichenau conference of the Konstanzer Arbeitskreises für mittelalterliche Geschichte with the theme Zwischen Klausur und Welt. Autonomie und Interaktion spätmittelalterlicher geistlicher Frauengemeinschaften (Between enclosure and the outside. Autonomy and Interaction of Late Medieval Spiritual Women's Communities). Since 2016, she is Director (with Henrike Lähnemann) on a funded project "The Nuns' Network" to edit the letter books from Lüne Abbey, the largest medieval corpus of letters written by women.
Publications
Monographies
together with Jeffrey Hamburger, Margot Fassler, Susan Marti: Liturgical Life and Latin Learning at Paradies bei Soest, 1300–1425. Inscription and Illumination in the Choir Books of a North German Dominican Convent. 2 vols., Aschendorff, Münster 2017, .
together with Patrizia Carmassi and Almut Breitenbach: Schriftkultur und religiöse Zentren im norddeutschen Raum Wolfenbütteler Mittelalter-Studien 24. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz, 2014.
Klostereintritt und Bildung. Die Lebenswelt der Nonnen im späten Mittelalter. Mit einer Edition des 'Konventstagebuchs' einer Zisterzienserin von Heilig-Kreuz bei Braunschweig (1484–1507). Mohr Siebeck, Tübingen 2004, .
Die Franziskaner in Göttingen. Die Geschichte des Klosters und seiner Bibliothek. Dietrich-Coelde-Verlag, Werl 1996, .
As editor
together with Jeffrey Hamburger: The Liber ordinarius of Nivelles. Liturgy as Interdisciplinary Intersection (Spätmittelalter, Humanismus, Reformation 111). Mohr Siebeck, Tübingen 2020, .
together with : Soziale Bindungen und gesellschaftliche Strukturen im späten Mittelalter (14.–16. Jahrhundert). Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen 2013, .
together with Hubertus Seibert: Böhmen und das Deutsche Reich. Ideen- und Kulturtransfer im Vergleich (13.–16. Jahrhundert). München 2009,
Nonnen, Kanonissen und Mystikerinnen. Religiöse Frauengemeinschaften in Süddeutschland. Beiträge zur interdisziplinären Tagung vom 21. bis 23. September 2005 in Frauenchiemsee. Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen 2008, .
Digital projects
together with Henrike Lähnemann, Simone Schultz-Balluff, Edmund Wareham, Philipp Trettin, Lena Vosding und Philipp Stenzig: Netzwerke der Nonnen. Edition und Erschließung der Briefsammlung aus Kloster Lüne (ca. 1460–1555). In: Wolfenbütteler Digitale Editionen. Wolfenbüttel 2016–, online.
References
External links
Webpage about Eva Schlotheuber at the University of Münster
Webpage about Eva Schlotheuber at the University of Düsseldorf
Das Bücherinventar der Elisabeth von Calenberg: Edition und Anmerkungen (The book inventory of Elisabeth von Calenberg: edition and notes). Herzog August Bibliothek, Wolfenbüttel 2011, ed. Eva Schlotheuber and
German medievalists
University of Münster faculty
Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf faculty
German women historians
1959 births
German women non-fiction writers
20th-century German non-fiction writers
20th-century German historians
20th-century German women writers
21st-century German non-fiction writers
21st-century German historians
21st-century German women writers
Living people
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Raffy is a given name and a nickname. It may refer to:
Rafael Palmeiro (born 1964), Cuban former Major League Baseball player
Ken Raffensberger (1917–2002), American Major League Baseball pitcher
Raffaella Rossi (born 1974), Italian ski mountaineer and skyrunner
Raffy Shart, French-Armenian theater director and writer, film director and screenwriter, composer and songwriter
Raffy Tima (born 1975), Filipino anchor, producer and television host
Raffy Tulfo (born 1960), Filipino broadcast journalist
See also
Rafael Betancourt (born 1975), Venezuelan Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher nicknamed "Raffy Right" by Cleveland Indians fans
Rafael Pérez (baseball) (born 1982), Mexican League Baseball and Major League Baseball left-handed pitcher nicknamed "Raffy Left" by Cleveland Indians fans
Raphy Reyes (born 1987), Philippine Basketball Association player
Raffi (disambiguation)
Lists of people by nickname
The Russian Monument (, Ruski pametnik) is a monument in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. The first monument to be built in the capital of the newly liberated Principality of Bulgaria, it was unveiled on 29 June 1882 and is located on the road which Osman Nuri Paşa used to flee from Sofia to Pernik on 22 December 1877.
The funds for the construction of the memorial were collected by the Russian people. It is not exactly known who designed the monument, but it is supposed to be either the architect Vokar, who designed such monuments in Dobrich, Pleven Razgrad, Veliko Tarnovo, Svishtov, or Vladimir Sherwood, who worked in Pleven. The monument is an obelisk: a rectangular pyramid with a truncated top and a three-step pedestal. The eastern side of the memorial features a marble relief of the coat of arms of Russia and the Order of St. George, and a text commemorating Alexander II in pre-reform Russian. The western side features another inscribed plate.
In the late 19th and early 20th century, the monument turned into a centre of the urban planning strategy for this part of Sofia. Today, it stands in the middle of an important round junction of the Skobelev and Totleben boulevards. The Five Corners junction, Macedonia Square and the Pirogov Hospital are located in the vicinity.
Gallery
References
1882 establishments in Bulgaria
Buildings and structures completed in 1882
Buildings and structures in Sofia
Monuments and memorials in Bulgaria
Tourist attractions in Sofia
Sofia
Obelisks
Mudéjar ( , also , , , ; from ) refers to the group of Muslims who remained in Iberia in the late medieval period despite the Christian reconquest. It is also a term for Mudejar art, which was much influenced by Islamic art, but produced typically by Christian craftsmen for Christian patrons.
Mudéjar was originally the term used for Moors or Muslims of Al-Andalus who remained in Iberia after the Christian Reconquista but were not initially forcibly converted to Christianity or exiled. The word Mudéjar references several historical interpretations and cultural borrowings. It was a medieval Castilian borrowing of the Arabic word Mudajjan , meaning "subjugated; tamed", referring to Muslims who submitted to the rule of Christian kings. The term likely originated as a taunt, as the word was usually applied to domesticated animals such as poultry. The term Mudéjar also can be translated from Arabic as "one permitted to remain", which refers to the Christians allowing Muslims to remain in Christian Iberia.
Another term with the same meaning, ("people who stay on"), was used by Muslim writers, notably al-Wansharisi in his work Kitab al-Mi'yar. Mudéjars in Iberia lived under a protected tributary status known as , which refer to . This protected status suggested subjugation at the hands of Christian rulers, as the word resembled meaning "tame animals". Their protected status was enforced by the or local charters which dictated Christians laws. Muslims of other regions outside of the Iberian Peninsula disapproved of the Mudéjar subjugated status and their willingness to live with non-Muslims.
Mudéjar was used in contrast to both Muslims in Muslim-ruled areas (for example, Muslims of Granada before 1492) and Moriscos, who were forcibly converted and may or may not have continued to secretly practice Islam.
The Treaty of Granada (1491) protected religious and cultural freedoms for Muslims in the imminent transition from the Emirate of Granada to a Province of Castile. After the fall of the last Islamic kingdom in the Battle of Granada in January 1492, the Mudéjars, unlike the Jews who were expelled that same year, kept a protected religious status, although there were Catholic efforts to convert them. However, over the next several years, their religious freedom deteriorated and they were increasingly persecuted.
Islam was outlawed in Portugal by 1497, the Crown of Castile by 1502, and the Crown of Aragon by 1526, forcing the Mudéjars to convert or, in some cases, leave the country. Following the forced conversions, they faced suspicions that they were not truly converted but remained crypto-Muslims, and were known as Moriscos. The Moriscos, too, were eventually expelled, in 1609–1614.
Mudéjar social status in Spain
Castile
The Muslim population in Castile originally immigrated from Toledo, Seville and other Andalusi territories. They were not original to the land in Castile. Muslim immigration into Castile was sponsored settlement by the Kingdom of Castile. It is hypothesized that the slow-growing Christian population demonstrated a need to bring more people into Castile. Primary documents written by Castilians in the 13th century indicate that Muslims were able to maintain some agency under Christian rule. The Mudéjars were able to maintain their religion, their laws, and had their own judges. The Mudéjars in Castile spoke the same Romance languages and dialects as their Christian neighbors.
Aragon and Catalonia
Like the Mudéjars in Castile, Aragonese and Catalan Mudéjars also spoke the Romance languages of their Christian counterparts. However, unlike the Mudéjars in Castile, there were Muslim villages in Aragon and, to a lesser extent, in south-western Catalonia which populated the land before the Christian reconquests, setting up a history of Muslim cultivation and population of the land. Besides the large Muslim populations in Granada and Valencia, the Aragonese Muslim peasants were the most well-established Muslim community in the region, while in Catalonia Muslim authoctonous presence was limited only to the Low Ebro and Low Segre areas. Aragonese and Catalan Muslims were under the jurisdiction of the Christian Crown and were designated a special status. This status applied to the Mudéjar cultivators, the exarici, and this status made them subservient to their Christian superiors because by law; they were required to cultivate the land of royal estates. However, this status was also beneficial as the law suggested that this land be passed down through Muslim family members. Despite their expulsion at the end of the Morisco period, the Mudéjars in Aragon left evidence of their style in architecture, while in Catalonia only some reminiscences of this can be appreciated in some Gothic churches and cathedrals in some shires of Lleida.
Lleida in Catalonia was, besides Tortosa, the only major Catalan town to have a Muslim quarter, at which its numerous Muslim population of Andalusi origins, was organized as a community (Aljama or Al-Jama'ah), even though there were also Muslims living outside the quarter. Its Muslim population descended from the population that did not leave Madinat Larida when it was taken over from the Moors by the counts of Urgell and Barcelona. The autochthonous Muslim community, largely composed of a mix of skilled artisans, laborers, and peasants, although progressively diminishing throughout the Middle Ages by emigration to the neighbouring Kingdom of Aragon, to the nearby increasingly powerful and numerous Aljamas of Aitona and Serós, and to Islamic countries (Al-Hijrah) as well as by increasing conversions to Christianity, was nevertheless also being reinforced by immigration of Navarrese and Aragonese Muslims (Mudéjares) and by intermittent arrivals of Valencian, Granadan, and North African origin, these being mostly slaves or former slaves. The quarter and its Aljama or community enjoyed a special status within the social reality of the city, with its own elites: Alfaquins, Cadís and Sabasales (Al-Fuqaha, Al-Qudat and Ashab As-Salat, that is, Islamic scholars, Islamic Judges and Imams respectively); Escrivans (Scrives); Alamins (Al-'Amin), or officials that represented the Aljama before the king (in case of the royal Aljamas) or the feudal lords (in case of the rural manor Aljamas), etc. The Morería had its Mosque (Al-Masjid), its baths (Al-Hammam), its cemetery (Al-Maqbara, in the outskirts of the city), its Halal butchery, its market or Assoc (As-Suq) and its bakery. The Aljama suffered a period of decadence throughout the late Middle Ages, leading to its progressive reduction in numbers and privileges, up to the forced conversions of the late medieval period, and finally its total expulsion from the city during the early modern period.
Valencia
In the 13th century, the Aragonese Christians conquered Valencia. Unlike in Aragon and in Catalonia, the Mudéjar population in Valencia vastly outnumbered Christians in the area. In Valencia, the majority of communities were peasant, Arabic-speaking and Muslim. Although there was a disparity between Christians and Muslims, it is important to note that a Christian king ruled over Valencia, and not a sultan or an imam and this shaped the experience of Mudéjars in this region. An effect of Christian rule were the outbreaks of rioting against Mudéjars in Valencia. Mudéjar communities were frequently attacked by Christian rioters, despite being protected by the Crown. Violence against Mudéjars in Valencia was common.
References
Sources
Islam in Spain
Moriscos
Robert Henry Elliot, (1837–1914), was an early British coffee planter in Mysore, India. He was the author of books about plantation life in Mysore and about farming in Scotland. He came from Kelso, Roxburghshire, Scotland.
Plantations
According to Elliot's own account in Gold, Sport, and Coffee Planting In Mysore, he arrived in Bombay in 1855 at 18 years of age. From there he sailed to Mangalore, then headed inland through the ghauts to the high plateau of Mysore, where he joined Frederick Green, who had begun his plantation in 1843. The first European coffee plantation to its south had just started in 1854, while the second, some to the north, was being established by three Scottish planters. In 1856 Elliot started his own plantation at Bartchinhulla, Sakleshpur, Mysore State.
Mixed planting
At his farm called Clifton Park in Kelso, Scotland, he formulated what he termed the "Clifton Park System". Several editions of his book on the subject, Agricultural Changes appeared between 1898 and 1943. (The last two editions of 1908 and 1943 being entitled The Clifton Park System of Farming and laying down land to grass.) In this book, which was written prior to the widespread availability and adoption of man-made fertilizer, he advocated building up the organic content of soil by planting a mixture of grasses and other plants, particularly deep-rooted plants such as chicory. Modern organic growers still find Elliot's work applicable today.
Selected works
The Experience of a Planter in the Jungles of Mysore, London: Chapman and Hall, 1871
Concerning John's Indian affairs, London: Chapman and Hall, 1872
Written on their Foreheads, 2 vols, London: Sampson Low, 1879
On laying down permanent pastures, and the grasses suitable for alternate husbandry
Union Agricultural Society Lectures, no. 2. Kelso, 1883
Gold, Sport, And Coffee Planting In Mysore, 1898 (Project Gutenberg etext)
The Clifton Park System of Farming and laying down land to grass, 1898–1953 (two under the alternative title Agricultural Changes)
See also
The Clifton Park System of Farming
Thirty Years Farming on the Clifton Park System – an account by English farmer William Lamin of his experiences with Elliot's recommendations
External links
Scottish writers
1837 births
1914 deaths
Craig Oldfield (born 24 November 1963) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a forward for Colchester United.
Career
Born in Warley, Oldfield was signed to Colchester United from Stowmarket Town at the beginning of the 1982–83 season. In the opening game of the season between Colchester reserves and Stowmarket, Oldfield was listed in the match programme for both teams, playing and scoring for Stowmarket in a 1–1 draw at Layer Road before switching to Colchester on non-contract terms. He featured regularly in the U's reserves but was unable to force his way into the first-team picture, with the club already possessing a number of attacking players, including Tony Adcock, Keith Bowen, Perry Groves and Ian Allinson. He went on to eventually make his debut on 3 September 1983 in a 2–1 win at Layer Road over Blackpool, coming on as a substitute for Groves. He made three league appearances for the club, all from the substitutes bench. He played his last game for the club on 21 February 1984 in a 2–1 Associate Members Cup win against Wimbledon, on this occasion coming on for Les Mutrie.
Having failed to establish himself in the first-team, Oldfield had a long career in non-league football in the Suffolk area, moving to Bury Town and returning to Stowmarket, and later appearing at Wembley in the final of the FA Vase with Sudbury Town in 1989, losing the replay at London Road after drawing 1–1 at Wembley.
Honours
Sudbury Town
1989 FA Vase runner-up
All honours referenced by:
References
1963 births
Living people
People from the Borough of Brentwood
English footballers
Association football forwards
Stowmarket Town F.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
Bury Town F.C. players
Sudbury Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Jayakarta Station is a railway station serving by KRL Commuterline system. It is located at Jl. Pangeran Jayakarta. It is the named after a Banten prince with the same name.
Services
The following is a list of train services at the Jayakarta Station.
Passenger services
KAI Commuter
Bogor Line, to and
Bogor Line (Nambo branch), to and
References
central Jakarta
Railway stations in Jakarta
Days of Remembrance is a book containing authorized English translations of writings of Baháʼu'lláh, founder of the Baháʼí Faith related to nine Baháʼí Holy Days, namely Naw-Rúz, Ridván, Declaration of the Báb, Ascension of Baháʼu'lláh, Martyrdom of the Báb, Birth of the Báb and of Baháʼu'lláh. The book was first published by the Baháʼí World Centre in January 2017.
Included are 45 prayers and tablets, occasionally with repeating refrains, among which are the below titled texts.
Ridván
Almost half of the volume (96 pages) is taken up by 20 Tablets related to Ridván, including:
Húr-i-ʻUjáb (Tablet of the Wondrous Maiden; 1856–63)
Lawh-i-ʻÁshiq va Maʻshúq (Tablet of the Lover and the Beloved)
Súriy-i-Qalam (Súrih of the Pen; c. 1865)
Declaration of the Báb
Lawh-i-Náqús (Tablet of the Bell; 1863)
Lawh-i-Ghulámu'l-Khuld (Tablet of the Immortal Youth; 1856–63)
Ascension of Baháʼu'lláh
Súriy-i-Ghusn (Tablet of the Branch; 1863–68)
Lawh-i-Rasúl (Tablet to Rasúl)
Lawh-i-Maryam (Tablet to Maryam)
Kitáb-i-'Ahd (Book of the Covenant; 1879–91)
The Tablet of Visitation
Birth of Baháʼu'lláh
Lawh-i-Mawlúd (Tablet of the Birth)
Martyrdom of the Báb
From the following tablets excerpts are included:
Súriy-i-Nush (Súrih of Counsel; 1857–63)
Súriy-i-Mulúk (Súrih of the Kings; 1867–68)
Lawh-i-Salmán I (Tablet to Salmán I; 1864)
Súriy-i-Dhikr (Súrih of Remembrance)
Súriy-i-Ahzán (Súrih of Sorrows; 1867–68)
See also
List of writings of Baháʼu'lláh
Prayer in the Baháʼí Faith
Bibliography
References
External links
Epub and Mobi versions for e-readers
Works by Baháʼu'lláh
The 1987 Dartmouth Big Green football team was an American football team that represented Dartmouth College during the 1987 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Dartmouth finished second-to-last in the Ivy League.
In their first season under head coach Eugene "Buddy" Teevens, the Big Green compiled a 2–8 record and were outscored 302 to 113. Matthew Drury and Brett Matthews were the team captains.
The Big Green's 1–6 conference record placed seventh in the Ivy League standings. Dartmouth was outscored 192 to 46 by Ivy opponents. The team's only league win was a two-point victory over Columbia, a team in the midst of a five-year losing streak.
Dartmouth played its home games at Memorial Field on the college campus in Hanover, New Hampshire.
Schedule
References
Dartmouth
Dartmouth Big Green football seasons
Dartmouth Big Green football
1982 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1982 ACC men's basketball tournament
1982 ACC women's basketball tournament
1982 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Gladstone is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
Edge Hill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Populated places on the James River (Virginia)
Happy Magic: Smile Project is the fifth studio album by Japanese pop singer Aya Ueto. It was released on July 15, 2009 on Pony Canyon.
Background
Happy Magic: Smile Project is Ueto's first original album in over three years. It features songs written and composed by artists including Kohmi Hirose, Tortoise Matsumoto (from Ulfuls), Ryoji (from Ketsumeishi), Kiroro, Shintarō Tokita (from Sukimaswitch), and Hitomi Yaida as well as a cover of Begin's "Smile". The album was released in two formats: limited CD + DVD + photo book edition and standard CD-only edition. The standard edition features eleven tracks, including the two singles "Way to Heaven" and "Namida no Niji". These two songs are omitted from the limited edition CD, however the DVD includes their music videos. Despite "Save Me" being an A-side, it was not included in the album.
Chart performance
Happy Magic: Smile Project peaked at #14 on the Oricon Daily Albums Chart and debuted at #20 on the Weekly Albums Chart with 7,648 copies sold. The album charted for a total of five weeks and sold over 11,000 copies.
Track listing
Charts and sales
References
2009 albums
Aya Ueto albums
Pony Canyon albums
Rafael Cansinos Asséns (November 24, 1882 – July 6, 1964) was a Spanish poet, novelist, essayist, literary critic and translator.
Biography
Censinos was born in Seville on November 24, 1882. Through his father's paternal line, he is related to the Cansino Family and Rita Hayworth.
Cansinos was a polyglot; he translated The Arabian Nights into Spanish, as well as the works of Dostoyevsky, and the complete works of Goethe and Shakespeare for the publisher Aguilar. He was among the contributors of the Madrid-based avant-garde magazine Prometeo.
In the lectures he gave in 1967 at Harvard, Jorge Luis Borges mentioned him as one of his masters, and expressed wonder to the fact that he has been forgotten.
Works
Essays
El candelabro de los siete brazos Psalmos ("The Seven Arm Candelabra: Psalmos"), 1914
El divino fracaso ("The divine failure"), 1918
España y los judíos españoles ("Spain and the Spanish Jews"), 1920
Salomé en la literatura ("Salomé in literature"), 1920
Ética y estética de los sexos ("Ethics and aesthetics of the sexes"), 1921
Los valores eróticos en las religiones: El amor en el Cantar de los Cantares("Erotic Values in Religions: Love in the Song of Songs"), 1930
La Copla Andaluza ("La Copla Andaluza"), 1936
Mahoma y el Korán ("Muhammad and the Koran"),
Compilations
Antología de poetas persas ("Anthology of Persian poets"),
Bellezas del Talmud ("Beauties of the Talmud"), 1919
Novels
La encantadora ("The lovely"), 1916
El eterno milagro ("The eternal miracle"), 1918
La madona del carrusel ("The Madonna of the Carousel"), 1920
En la tierra florida ("In the flowery land"), 1920
La huelga de los poetas("The poets' strike"), 1921
Las luminarias de Hanukah("The Hanukah Luminaries"), 1924
References
External links
1882 births
1964 deaths
Spanish Jews
Converts to Judaism
Spanish literary critics
Spanish essayists
Spanish translators
Arabic–Spanish translators
German–Spanish translators
French–Spanish translators
English–Spanish translators
Russian–Spanish translators
Spanish male poets
20th-century Spanish poets
20th-century translators
Male essayists
20th-century Spanish male writers
20th-century essayists
Translators of One Thousand and One Nights
Translators of Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Translators of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Translators of William Shakespeare
Writers from Seville
The 1938 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 10th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Cavan entered the championship as defending champions.
On 25 September 1938, Cavan won the championship following a 3-3 to 0-8 defeat of Kerry in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title overall and their second in succession.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1938
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Cered is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Hadidi may refer to:
Hadidi (tribe), Arab tribe found principally in Jordan, but also in Iraq and Syria
Ismail Ahmed Rajab Al Hadidi, Iraqi politician in Kirkuk
See also
Hadid (disambiguation)
Haditha (disambiguation)
James A. McClure (1924–2011) was a U.S. Senator from Idaho from 1973 to 1991.
Senator McClure may also refer to:
Alexander McClure (1828–1909), Pennsylvania State Senate
Ian McClure (politician) (1905–1982), Northern Irish Senate
John J. McClure (1886–1965), Pennsylvania State Senate
Mary A. McClure (1939–2016), South Dakota State Senate
Steve McClure (politician) (born 1984), Illinois State Senate
The Clydonautilidae are Middle and Upper Triassic nautiloid cephalopods, which are derivatives of the clydonautiloidean family Liroceratidae, that have generally smooth, involute, globular to compressed shells, characterized by a suture with prominent lobes and saddles. The family is known to contain five genera, These are:
Clydonautilus
Callaionautilus
Cosmonautilus
Proclydonautilus
Styrionautilus
Of these only Styrionautilus is known from the Middle Triassic. The other four are so far restricted to the Upper Triassic.
The five genera in the Clydonautilidae form a sequence of increasing sutural complexity, beginning with Styrionautilus and ending with Clydonautilus. Styrionautilis, which has the simplest suture of the five, has a broad ventral saddle with a flat bottom and a gently curved lateral lobe. Clydonauatilus at the opposite extreme has a secondary ventral saddle within the ventral lobe modifying the primary ventral saddle and a deep, asymmetric lateral lobe. Callaionautilus, Cosmonautilus, and Proclydonautulus fall in between.
References
Bernhard Kummel, 1964. Nautiloidea -Nautilida; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part K. Geol Soc of America and Univ of Kansas press, R.C. Moore (ed)
Prehistoric nautiloid families
Middle Triassic first appearances
Late Triassic extinctions
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1975:
1975
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1975 at HKcinemamagic.com
1975
Hong Kong
Films
The Thaksin Express () is an express train run by the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) between Bangkok and Su-ngai Kolok, a border town in Narathiwat Province and the end of the southern rail line. Thaksin is a Thai word for 'south' (from the Sanskrit word dakshin), thus this train is referred to as the "Southern Express". The train's passenger cars include 1st- and 2nd-class air conditioned sleepers, 2nd-class fan sleepers, 2nd-class fan seating coaches, 3rd class air conditioned and fan seating coaches, and a dining car.
Overview
The train passes through cities and towns along the western edge of the gulf coast of southern Thailand on the upper Malay peninsula. These include Nakhon Pathom, Hua Hin, Surat Thani, Hat Yai, Yala, and Su-ngai Kolok. Although the rail line is connected to the Malaysian rail system, there is no cross-border service on this route.
Timetable
Train Number 37 Bangkok - Su-ngai Kolok (departure times)
Bangkok (กรุงเทพ) - 15:10
Sam Sen (สามเสน) - 15:28
Bang Sue (บางซื่อ) - 15:39
Bang Bumru (บางบำหรุ) - 15:57
Salaya (ศาลายา) - 16:14
Nakhon Pathom (นครปฐม) - 16:42
Ban Pong (บ้านโป่ง) - 17:00
Ratchaburi (ราชบุรี) - 17:29
Phetburi (เพชรบุรี) - 18:15
Hua Hin (หัวหิน) - 19:11 - three minute stop to change crews
Wang Phong (วังก์พง) - 19:31
Prachuap Khiri Khan (ประจวบคีรีขันธ์) - 20:28
Bang Saphan Yai (บางสะพานใหญ่)- 21:38
Chumphon (ชุมพร) - 23:32 - ten minute stop for refuelling and changing crews
Surat Thani (สุราษฎร์ธานี) - 01:56 next day - three minute stop to change crews
Thung Song (ทุ่งสง) - 03:54 - 10 minute stop for refuelling
Phatthalung (พัทลุง) - 05:37 - three minute stop to change crews
Bang Kaeo (บางแก้ว) - 06:07
Hat Yai (หาดใหญ่) - 07:31 - 15 minute stop for uncoupling from No. 45 (to Padang Besar), and refuelling
Chana (จะนะ) - 08:07
Pattani (ปัตตานี) - 08:51
Yala (ยะลา) - 09:28 - three minute stop to change crews
Rue Sau (รือเสาะ) - 10:03
Tanyong Mas (ตันหยงมัส) - 10:35
Sugei Padi (สุไหงปาดี) - 11:02
Su-ngai Kolok (สุไหงโกลก) - 11:25 arrival
Train Number 38 Su-ngai Kolok - Bangkok (departure times)
Su-ngai Kolok (สุไหงโกลก) - 14:20
Sugei Padi (สุไหงปาดี) - 14:36
Tanyong Mas (ตันหยงมัส) - 15:03
Rue Sau (รือเสาะ) - 15:34
Yala (ยะลา) - 16:06 - three minute stop to change crews
Pattani (ปัตตานี) - 16:37
Hat Yai (หาดใหญ่) - 18:05 - 20 minute stop for attaching to No. 46 (from Padang Besar),and refuelling
Bang Kaeo (บางแก้ว) - 19:06
Phatthalung (พัทลุง) - 19:34 - three minute stop to change crews
Thung Song (ทุ่งสง) - 21:19 - 15 minute stop for refuelling and changing crews
Surat Thani (สุราษฎร์ธานี) - 23:00 - three minute stop for changing crews
Chumphon (ชุมพร) - 01:36 (next day) - 10 minute stop for refuelling and changing crews
Bang Saphan Yai (บางสะพานใหญ่)- 03:08
Prachuap Khiri Khan (ประจวบคีรีขันธ์) - 04:17
Hua Hin (หัวหิน) - 05:34 - three minute stop to change crews
Ratchaburi (ราชบุรี) - 07:26
Ban Pong (บ้านโป่ง) - 07:58
Nakhon Pathom (นครปฐม) - 08:21
Salaya (ศาลายา) - 09:05
Bang Bumru (บางบำหรุ) - 09:32
Bang Sue (บางซื่อ) - 09:54
Sam Sen (สามเสน) - 10:05
Bangkok (กรุงเทพ) - 10:30 arrival
Current status
There are about 3-4 second class rakes (a set of coupled rail cars, normally coaches or wagons) plus one first class rake for the train between Hat Yai-Su-ngai Kolok. The Southern Special Express 37/38 has to be kept running as a means of reassuring residents that the central government will not abandon the local people of the three southern provinces despite the ongoing insurgencies there.
References
Schedule for Thaksin Special Express 37
Schedule for Thaksin Special Express 38
External links
SRT southern route timetable
Passenger rail transport in Thailand
Night trains
Named passenger trains
Railway services introduced in 1922
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Maryland, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1788, Maryland has participated in every U.S. presidential election. Considered a bellwether state during the 20th century, only voting for the losing candidate three times during that century, Maryland has since become one of the most blue (Democratic) states, last voting for a Republican candidate in 1988.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become president, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections from 1788-89 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all 8 of Maryland's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Maryland
Notes
References
Willis, John T., Presidential Elections in Maryland, Lomond Publications, Inc. (1984). .
A cold cup (also icy cup ~, ~, or frozen cup, "frozie cups ", "ice cup" or "icy cup") is a simple Australian frozen dessert, often sold for school or community group fundraising.
A frozie cup consists simply of frozen cordial in paper, plastic or styrofoam cup. The block of ice is sometimes inverted in the cup when sold.
Some frozie cups are milk-based or ice cream based.
Frozie cups are also used around the world as a substitute for an ice pop. Often using sugar-based drinks such as Kool-Aid for flavor.
Frozen cups are well known in New Orleans.
First aid
Water-only ice cups may also be used as a simple means of icing sports injuries.
References
Frozen desserts
Australian desserts
Obertrubach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Forchheim (district)
Fântânele is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Fântânele, part of Suhaia Commune until 2004, when it was split off.
References
External links
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Oscar Meredith Weatherby (February 25, 1915 – June 27, 1997) was an American publisher who was the founder of Weatherhill Publications. He spent a large part of his life in Japan and is known in particular for his English translations of literary works by Yukio Mishima. Weatherby was also a long-term patron and romantic partner of the photographer Tamotsu Yato.
He also appeared in an acting role in the 1970 war movie Tora! Tora! Tora!, in which he played the part of the U.S. Ambassador to Japan, Joseph Grew.
A native of Waco, Texas, Weatherby died in La Jolla, California.
Filmography
References
External links
Donald Richie, The Japan Journals: 1947-2004, Stone Bridge Press (2005)
Hugh Cortazzi (ed.), Japan Experiences: Fifty Years, One Hundred Views, Routledge (2001), pp. 115–116.
http://wwwsshe.murdoch.edu.au/intersections/issue12/takahashi_interview.html
American publishers (people)
1915 births
1997 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
LGBT businesspeople from the United States
People from Waco, Texas
American gay actors
20th-century LGBT people
American expatriates in Japan
Daniel Allen Cox (born February 3, 1976) is a Canadian author. Cox's novels Shuck and Krakow Melt were both finalists for the Lambda Literary Award and the ReLit Award.
Life and career
Cox was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where he was raised a Jehovah's Witness. His novella Tattoo This Madness In, about a young Jehovah's Witness who uses Smurf tattoos to rebel against his faith, was nominated for an Expozine Alternative Press Award.
Shuck, his debut novel about a New York City hustler, was a Lambda Literary Award and a ReLit Award finalist. Cox's second novel Krakow Melt was excerpted in The Advocate, nominated for the Ferro-Grumley Award, and named to the American Library Association's Over the Rainbow List. The novel formed the basis of three essays in the debut issue of The Word Hoard, academic journal of the Department of English and Writing Studies at Western University.
The author's third and fourth novels, Basement of Wolves and Mouthquake, were also published by Arsenal Pulp Press. An excerpt of Mouthquake was translated for Nova Istra literary journal as the first queer text to be published in the Chakavian dialect of Croatian, as well as the first text to introduce the personage of Antonio Barichievich, Croatian-Canadian strongman, to a Croatian literary audience. Cox read the entire novel out loud at a durational performance, the last event held at RATS9 gallery in Montreal.
Cox has appeared at Ottawa International Writers Festival, Blue Metropolis Montréal International Literary Festival, Winnipeg International Writers Festival, GritLit Festival, Westfest, and the Atlanta Queer Literary Festival, as well as on CBC Radio One and Airelibre TV. He co-wrote the screenplay for the Bruce LaBruce film Gerontophilia, and is a former columnist for Xtra! and former president of the Quebec Writers' Federation.
His essays and short stories have been published in several anthologies and literary journals, including Electric Literature, Literary Hub, Catapult, The Florida Review, The Rumpus, Fourth Genre, Maisonneuve, Open Book Toronto, and filling Station. His essay "The Glow of Electrum", published in The Malahat Review, was named Notable in Best American Essays 2021 and was a finalist for a Canadian National Magazine Award in Personal Journalism. Cox was a juror for the 2021 Dayne Ogilvie Prize presented by Writers' Trust of Canada.
Cox's memoir-in-essays I Felt the End Before It Came: Memoirs of a Queer Ex-Jehovah's Witness is forthcoming from Penguin Random House in May 2023.
Bibliography
Tattoo This Madness In (novella, Dusty Owl Press, 2006)
Shuck (novel, Arsenal Pulp Press, 2008)
Krakow Melt (novel, Arsenal Pulp Press, 2010)
Basement of Wolves (novel, Arsenal Pulp Press, 2012)
Mouthquake (novel, Arsenal Pulp Press, 2015)
I Felt the End Before It Came: Memoirs of a Queer Ex-Jehovah's Witness (essays, Penguin Random House Canada, forthcoming 2023)
References
External links
danielallencox.net
1976 births
Canadian male novelists
Canadian gay writers
Living people
Writers from Montreal
LGBT screenwriters
Former Jehovah's Witnesses
21st-century Canadian novelists
Canadian LGBT novelists
Canadian male screenwriters
21st-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian screenwriters
21st-century LGBT people
This article lists all the films and television specials based on Monster High, an American fashion doll and media franchise created by Garret Sander, illustrated by Kellee Riley and Glen Hanson and launched by Mattel on June 11, 2010.
These films and television specials were broadcast on Nickelodeon in the United States and released on home video formats by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment until 2017. In 2015, Mattel rebooted the franchise with the release of an origin story film special titled "Welcome to Monster High", using updated animation modules and technologies, which released the following year. On February 23, 2021, Mattel, through its television division announced a second relaunch with an animated TV series and a live-action musical film based on the franchise, which will be released on both Nickelodeon and Paramount+ in the United States in October 2022.
First-generation (2D) films (2010–2011)
Animation for the films/specials below were provided by WildBrain Entertainment with additional animation provided by Top Drawn Animation.
First-generation (3D) films (2012–2016)
Animation for this generation was produced by Nerd Corps Entertainment until 2016 and the Vancouver studio subsidiary of DHX Media thereafter for the last 2 films due to DHX's acquisition of Nerd Corps.
Second-generation films (2016–2017)
In 2016, the series was rebooted with updated character designs, origin stories and upgraded animation modules and technologies. Animation provisions for this generation were taken over by a United Kingdom-based animation studio known as "Flaunt Productions/Studios".
Third-generation films (2022–present)
On February 23, 2021, Mattel, through its television division, announced an animated TV series and a live-action musical film based on the franchise.
Cancelled films
Notes
References
Monster High
Monster High
Films based on fashion dolls
Films based on Mattel toys
Claude Desailly (1922–2009) was a French screenwriter. He collaborated on a number of films with the director Robert Hossein. He is best known for his creation and writing of the period crime television series Les Brigades du Tigre which ran from 1974 to 1983.
Selected filmography
Film
Mandrin (1962)
Les Yeux cernés (1964)
The Vampire of Düsseldorf (1965)
I Killed Rasputin (1967)
Cemetery Without Crosses (1969)
Point de chute (1970)
Television
Les Brigades du Tigre (1974-1983)
Mathias Sandorf (1979)
References
Bibliography
Christian Bosseno. Télévision française La saison 2010: Une analyse des programmes du 1er septembre 2008 au 31 août 2009. Editions L'Harmattan, 2010.
External links
1922 births
2009 deaths
French screenwriters
People from Cambrai
20th-century French screenwriters
The Anti-Aircraft Missile Regiment "Dimitrie Cantemir" () is a aerial defense formation of the Moldovan Air Force, based in the village of Durlești. It has the mission to supervise and defend the airspace of the Republic of Moldova. Both conscripts and contract soldiers serve in the regiment. In addition, 35 women serving in its ranks.
It is named after Dimitrie Cantemir, a Moldavian soldier and statesman who twice served as voivode of Moldavia (March–April 1693 and 1710–1711).
History
The regiment was created in May 1992 and took an oath of allegiance to the Republic that month. It was then the size of a brigade. The month before, the brigade had taken up combat duty during the Transnistria War. On 3 September 1993, the 275th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade of the Soviet 60th Air Defense Corps was reorganized into the brigade. By 2011, the Dimitrie Cantemir Brigade had become a regiment. It took part in 2017 in the efforts to liquidate the consequences of the natural disaster in Chisinau and Durlesti.
After the resignation of Defense Minister Pavel Creanga and the brigade commander Iurie Bradu, the Moldovan air defense systems are entering a steep peak and are falling into moral and technical decline.
Commanders
Colonel Grigory Spinu (1992-1995)
Colonel Ion Coropcean (1995-1996)
Colonel Yuri Bradu (1996-1998)
Colonel Valeri Zatik (1998-2002)
See also
50th Anti-Aircraft Missile Regiment (Romania)
Joint CIS Air Defense System
References
Military units and formations of Moldova
Air defence units and formations
1992 establishments in Moldova
Military units and formations established in 1992
Claudio Huepe García (December 25, 1939 – May 11, 2009) was a Chilean politician, engineer and economist, member of the Christian Democrat party, who occupied several government and political positions. During his career, he was the provincial governor of Arauco, a member of the Chilean Chamber of Deputies, a government minister, and the Chilean ambassador to Venezuela. He was also among the first in his party to reject the 1973 coup by Pinochet and was exiled by the military dictatorship from 1975 until 1984.
The son of Luis Huepe Godoy lebanese immigrant and Marta García Norambuena, renowned businesspeople from Chillán, he studied Industrial Civil Engineering in the Universidad Católica de Chile and later obtained a master in economic development at the Center for Development Economics of Williams College (Williamstown, Massachusetts).
Beginnings in politics
During the government of President Eduardo Frei Montalva, he was named the provincial governor of the Province of Arauco (1964–1968), the youngest to hold such position, at age of 24. After four years, he resigned to pursue a master in Economic Development in the United States at the Center for Development Economics of the Williams College in Massachusetts. He returned to Chile in 1969, and was soon elected as a representative (member of the Chamber of Deputies) for the province of Arauco (1969–1973) with the support of the PDC (Chilean Christian Democrat Party).
He was reelected in 1973, but his tenure was soon interrupted by the military coup against the democratically elected socialist government of Salvador Allende. Huepe soon expressed publicly his rejection to the coup and its interruption of the Chilean democratic tradition by signing the so-called Statement of the Group of Thirteen. As a consequence of his opposition to the military dictatorship, he was later detained and sent to the political prisoner camps of Tres Álamos and Ritoque for three months. He was then exiled, in 1975, living in England and Venezuela until he was allowed to return to Chile in 1984, as the dictatorship slowly started to open-up politically.
Return to democracy
During his years of exile and after returning to Chile, Claudio Huepe continued to be actively involved in politics, working for the return of democracy. As one of the most left-leaning Christian Democrats (a party that in Chile occupies the political center) he was instrumental in the formation of what later became the Concerted Parties for Democracy; the center-left coalition that defeated the dictatorship and has won all presidential elections since the military rule ended in 1990.
With the return to democracy, in 1990, Claudio Huepe was elected again to the Chamber of Deputies, for the same region he had represented before the coup, now District 46 (Lota, Lebu, Arauco, Curanilahue, Los Álamos, Cañete, Contulmo, and Tirúa), with a 35.93% of the votes.
In 1997, he was appointed Undersecretary at the Ministry General Secretariat of Government (1997–2000) by President Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle. In 2000, the newly elected President Ricardo Lagos named him Minister Secretary-General of Government (2000–2002), While he succeeded as a cabinet-member in completing several important initiatives such as the Chilean Press Law or the Freedom of Religion Law, and in modernizing the image of the Chilean government, his work as the government spokesperson (an additional responsibility of this position) was considered opaque. He was replaced in 2002 by the Heraldo Muñoz, of the Socialist Party.
In 2005, he ran again as a candidate for the Chamber of Deputies to represent a different zone (District 41), but was not elected. He was later named Ambassador to Venezuela by President Michelle Bachelet, but presented his resignation in mid-2007, after accepting the political responsibility for unveiling a private conversation with the President on the Venezuelan television channel teleSur regarding the 2006 Chilean vote for the United Nations Security Council.
Claudio Huepe died of a heart attack on May 11, 2009, while visiting Caracas, Venezuela.
References
1939 births
2009 deaths
Pontifical Catholic University of Chile alumni
Chilean Ministers Secretary General of Government
Ambassadors of Chile to Venezuela
Chilean diplomats
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
Christian Democratic Party (Chile) politicians
Death in Caracas
Obokh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 359 as of 2010.
Geography
Obokh is located 23 km southeast of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road. Sogratl and Megeb are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Annual wine festivals celebrate viticulture and usually occur after the harvest of the grapes which, in the northern hemisphere, generally falls at the end of September and runs until well into October or later. They are common in most wine regions around the world and are to be considered in the tradition of other harvest festivals.
The Egyptian god Osiris was dedicated to wine, but the oldest historically documented wine festivals can be traced back to the Greek celebrations for their wine god Dionysos. The typical ingredients of a wine festival include wine drinking, grape pressing, regional foods, music and, in many areas, religious ritual.
In culture
The grape, and the extraction of its juice to produce wine, is more than a flavorsome food or drink. Both grapes and wine have immense cultural significance in many cultures, and often religious significance too.
Competitions
Oregon Wine Competition
Concours Mondial de Bruxelles
International Wine and Spirit Competition
Varsity blind wine tasting match
Festivals
Australian festivals
Caxton Street Seafood and Wine Festival
Grampians Grape Escape
Kings Cross Food and Wine Festival
Melbourne Food and Wine Festival
Brazilian festivals
Festa do Vinho (Santa Catarina)
Festa do Vinho de Andradas
Canadian festivals
Cowichan Wine and Culinary Festival, British Columbia
Niagara Wine Festival, St. Catharines, Ontario
German festivals
Baden
Wine festival calendar
Hessische Bergstraße
Winzerfest, Groß-Umstadt
Mosel
Moselfest, Winningen
Weinfest der Mittelmosel, Bernkastel-Kues
Palatinate
Burg- und Weinfest, Wachenheim
Deidesheimer Weinkerwe, Deidesheim
Deutsches Weinlesefest, Neustadt
Dürkheimer Wurstmarkt, Bad Dürkheim
Eselshautfest, Mußbach
Fest des Federweißen, Landau
Kändelgassenfest, Großkarlbach
Mandelblütenfest, Gimmeldingen
Stadtmauerfest, Freinsheim
Rheingau
Rheingauer Weinwoche, Wiesbaden
Rheinhessen
Weinmarkt Mainz, Mainz
Backfischfest, Worms
Saxony
Herbst- und Weinfest, Radebeul
Württemberg
Fellbacher Herbst, Fellbach
Weindorf, Stuttgart
French festivals
Beaujolais Nouveau
Bordeaux Wine Festival, Bordeaux, France
la paulee de mersault, Burgundy, France
Hungarian festivals
Badacsony Wine Weeks, Badacsonytomaj
Balatonboglár Grape Harvest Days, Balatonboglár
Balatonfüred Wine Weeks, Balatonfüred
BorZsongás, wine festival of Villány
Budapest International Wine Festival, Budapest - the largest Hungarian wine festival (about 50,000 people per festival)
Budavári Borfesztivál, Budapest
Eger Grape Harvest Festival, Eger
Eger Star Wine Festival (Egri Csillag Borfesztivál), Eger
Etyek Cellar Festival, Etyek
Gourmet Festival, Budapest
Grape Harvest Festival of Tokaj-Hegyalja, Tokaj
Győr Wine Days, Győr
Pannonhalma Wine Region Cellar Festival, Pannonhalma
Rosé Riesling and Jazz Days, Veszprém
Sopron Grape Harvest Days, Sopron
Szekszárd Grape Harvest Festival, Szekszárd
Tihany Grape Harvest Days, Tihany
Tokaj Wine Festival, Tokaj
Villány Grape Harvest Festival, Villány
VinAgora, Budapest
Wine Festival of Balaton's wines, Budapest
United States festivals
Beaujolais Wine Festival, Dallas, Texas
Boston Wine Festival, Massachusetts
Cleveland Wine festival, Cleveland, Ohio
Food Network South Beach Wine and Food Festival, Miami Beach, Florida
French Quarter Wine Festival, New Orleans, Louisiana
Hilton Head Island Wine and Food Festival, one of the oldest in the US
Keystone Wine and Jazz Festival, Keystone, Colorado
Maryland Wine Festival, Maryland
Naples Grape Festival, Naples, New York
North Carolina Wine Festival
Paso Robles Wine Festival, California
San Diego Bay Wine & Food Festival, California
Simply Wine Festival, California
Oregon Wine Experience, Oregon
Tallahassee Wine and Food Festival, Florida
Temecula Valley Balloon & Wine Festival, California
Vendemmia Festival Philadelphia, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Vendemmia Festival Societa' DaVinci, Wilmington, Delaware
Argentinian festivals
Fiesta Nacional de la Vendimia, Mendoza City, Argentina
Médanos, Buenos Aires, Argentina
Other festivals
Feria Nacional de San Marcos, Aguascalientes, Mexico
Festival of Wine, United Kingdom
Haro Wine Festival, Haro, Spain
Port Wine Fest, Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal
Qormi Wine Festival, Malta
Vendemmia Festival Sicily, Sicily, Italy
Vineyard Harvest of Surco, Santiago de Surco, Peru
Wine Festival of Cyprus, Limassol, Republic of Cyprus
Zielona Góra Wine Fest, Poland
See also
Bacchanalia
History of French wine
Italian wine
References
External links
List of Balkan wine festivals
Wine-related events
Wine-producing regions
W
Fruit festivals
Food and drink festivals
Rambler was an American bicycle brand manufactured by the Gormully & Jeffery Manufacturing Company (G&J) in Chicago from 1878 to 1900 and subsequently by the American Bicycle Company.
History
The Rambler brand was created in 1878 by Thomas B. Jeffery, who co-founded G&J in Chicago with R. Philip Gormully. At the time, low prices often took precedence over quality but in manufacturing the Rambler, G&J used several more costly techniques, such as using brass-brazed joints instead of more common non-brazed welds, which improved the quality of the bicycle.
In 1897 Jeffery built his first Rambler automobile, a simple single cylinder car with bicycle wheels and a forerunner of the 1901 Rambler Model A.
Jeffery sold his stake in the successful bicycle company in 1900 to the American Bicycle Company to focus on automobiles after favorable responses to his exhibition of a $900 runabout at auto shows. At the time, G&J was the second-largest bicycle manufacturer in the US.
Manufacturing
The Rambler's body featured flared metal tubing for extra strength at the joints, which were brazed by immersion in molten brass. These techniques continued even after Gormully & Jeffery and Rambler became brands of the American Bicycle Company.
References
American Motors
Cycle manufacturers of the United States
History of Chicago
1878 introductions
Sports Club Tavriya () was a Ukrainian football club from Simferopol. Tavriya was a member of the Ukrainian Premier League from its founding and won the first Ukrainian Premier League making them one of three teams that have ever held this title.
After the annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation in 2014, the club was forced to cease its existence after 56 years, while in occupied Crimean peninsula a new club composed of some of its staff and players joined the Russian Football Union under the new name FC TSK Simferopol.
In June 2015, the Football Federation of Ukraine and the Tavriya's president announced it would re-establish the club and its new home would be Kherson. On 29 August 2016, club was added to Group 2 of the 2016–17 Ukrainian Football Amateur League. The revamped club is based in Beryslav, Kherson oblast.
Prior to the start of the 2020–21 Ukrainian Second League the club merged with FC Tavriya Novotroitske, this fusion continued to play under the original name of SC Tavriya Simferopol (in the 2020–21 Ukrainian Second League season).
On 28 March 2022 Tavriya ceased club activities after 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent occupation of Kherson Oblast.
History
The original club was founded in 1958, under the name Avanhard Simferopol and was based on the former Crimean champion 'Burevestnik Simferopol'. Sometime in 1963, Avanhard changed its name to Tavriya. Tavriya played their first game in the USSR Championship against the Yaroslav based club Khimik. Overall, Tavriya played 132 clubs from 113 cities. They played their last match of the Soviet competition against FC Uralmash Yekaterinburg.
After the fall of the Soviet Union, the Ukrainian Premier League was formed. Tavria was one of its founders and eventually became the very first Ukrainian champion in 1992, under the Simferopol born manager Anatoliy Zayaev, defeating FC Dynamo Kyiv, Ukraine's most successful club in the final, held in Lviv. Yuriy Hudymenko became the league's top scorer. More players from that era were Oleksandr Holovko, a defender who also played many years for Ukraine national team, and captain Serhiy Yakovych Shevchenko, who scored the championship goal against Dynamo Kyiv. Having earned the right to participate in 1992–93 UEFA Champions League, Tavryia were knocked out in the first round by Swiss club FC Sion. The Russian Sport-Express posted an article (No.3 (43), 25 January 2000, page 9) stating that the Ukrainian champions Tavria were threatened by the Football Federation of Ukraine to compete at the CIS Cup in 1993.
Tavria was one of the five clubs to have until 2014 participated in every season of the Ukrainian Premier League. Their best performance in the Ukrainian Cup came in 2010, where they defeated FC Metalurh Donetsk in the final to win the competition. They had previously reached the final in 1994, where they lost to FC Chornomorets Odessa in a penalty shootout.
Russian annexation of Crimea
After the annexation of Crimea by Russia, Tavriya asked permission from UEFA and FIFA to shift to the Russian league next season. The club applied for a Russian license and changed its name to FC TSK Simferopol. The club currently plays in the Crimean Premier League.
Re-establishment
On 18 June 2015, the Football Federation of Ukraine executive committee voted in favor of re-establishing the club now to be located in Kherson (the largest Ukrainian city bordering Crimea). Serhiy Kunitsyn, Tavriya's former president and also a former Prime Minister of Crimea, was put in charge of the project.
In August 2016, the revamped version of the club applied to play in the 2016–17 Ukrainian Football Amateur League. It did not enter this competition at first. However, Tavriya was included to group 2 of 2016–17 Ukrainian Football Amateur League on 29 August. Re-established club based in the city of Beryslav in Kherson Oblast.
In November 2016, the club applied for FFU attestation in order to achieve professional status in the next season. After finishing the 2016–17 season in the Amateur League, Tavriya was included into PFL and promoted to Ukrainian Second League in June 2017. The club was included to group B of 2017–18 Ukrainian Second League.
Prior to the start of the 2020–21 Ukrainian Second League the club merged with FC Tavriya Novotroitske, but continued to play under its original name.
On 28 March 2022 Tavriya ceased club activities after 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent temporary occupation of Kherson Oblast.
Team names
First club (1958–2014):
1958–1962: Avanhard Simferopol
1963–2014: SC Tavriya Simferopol
Second club (2016–2022):
2016–2022: SC Tavriya Simferopol
European record
Champions League:
Europa League:
Intertoto Cup:
Honours
thumb|RSC Lokomotiv
Ukrainian Premier League (1st Tier)
1992
Ukrainian Cup
2009–10
1993–94
Soviet First League (2nd Tier)
1980
Championship of the Ukrainian SSR (Soviet Lower Tier)
1973, 1985, 1987
1986
Cup of the Ukrainian SSR
1974
1975
Football kits and sponsors
Players
Current squad
Coaches
Valentin Bubukin (1970–72)
Vadim Ivanov (1979)
Anatoli Polosin (1980–81)
Igor Volchok (1982)
Anatoliy Kon'kov (1983–84)
Gennady Logofet (1984)
Anatoliy Kon'kov (1985)
Anatoli Polosin (1986)
Vyacheslav Solovyov (1987–88)
Mykola Pavlov (1989–90)
Anatoliy Zayaev (1991 – May 93)
Oleksandr Radosavlyevych (1993–94)
Pavlo Kostin (June 1994 – Sept 94)
Andriy Cheremysin (Oct 1994 – Dec 94)
Vitaliy Shalychev (Jan 1995 – April 95)
Ruvyn Aronov (caretaker) (1995)
Valeriy Shvedyuk (caretaker) (1995)
Anatoliy Zayaev (May 1995 – June 95)
Ivan Balan (July 1996 – Aug 96)
Serhiy Shevchenko (Aug 1996 – Dec 96)
Mykola Pavlov (Jan 1997 – April 97)
Valeriy Shvedyuk (1997)
Ivan Balan (caretaker) (May 1997 – June 97)
Ivan Balan (July 1997 – June 98)
Viktor Hrachov (July 1998 – Dec 98)
Valeriy Petrov (caretaker) (Jan 1999 – May 99)
Anatoly Korobochka (16 June 1999 – 31 December 1999)
Volodymyr Muntyan (1 Jan 2000 – 30 June 2000)
Oleksandr Ischenko (1 July 2000 – 10 June 2001)
Anatoliy Zayaev (June 2001)
Valeriy Petrov (caretaker) (10 June 2001 – 10 June 2002)
Anatoliy Zayaev (10 June 2002 – 20 September 2004)
Mykola Pavlov (2004)
Oleh Fedorchuk (20 September 2004 – 31 Dec 2005)
Mykhaylo Fomenko (1 Jan 2006 – 29 September 2008)
Serhiy Puchkov (29 September 2008 – 22 September 2010)
Valeriy Petrov (caretaker) (22 September 2010 – 8 May 2011)
Oleksandr Shudryk (caretaker) (May 2011 – 11 June)
Semen Altman (6 June 2011 – 1 June 2012)
Oleh Luzhnyi (6 June 2012 – 15 June 2013)
Giannis Christopoulos (17 June 2013 – 25 December 2013)
Nikolai Kostov (4 Jan 2014 – 17 May 2014)
none during the Russian annexation of Crimea (2014–2016)
Serhiy Shevchenko (August 2016 – December 2020)
Oleh Fedorchuk (January 2021 – 21 April 2021)
Yuriy Chumak (caretaker) (26 April 2021 – 10 June 2021)
Serhiy Puchkov (10 June 2021 – 14 September 2021)
Yuriy Chumak (caretaker) (14 September 2021 – 28 March 2022)
League and cup history
Soviet Union
Ukraine
Notes
See also
1992 SC Tavriya Simferopol season
References
External links
Official website
All coaches of Tavriya
Association football clubs established in 1958
Association football clubs disestablished in 2022
1958 establishments in Ukraine
2022 disestablishments in Ukraine
Soviet Top League clubs
Defunct football clubs in Simferopol
Ukrainian Second League clubs
Sports team relocations
Ask Shagg was a syndicated daily comic strip drawn by cartoonist Peter Guren from 1980 to 2020. It was distributed by Creators Syndicate; it had been distributed by United Feature Syndicate from 1980 until 1995. The strip has run in dozens of newspapers including The Boston Globe, The Columbus Dispatch, and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer. In each strip Guren, through his Shagg E. Dawg character, answered questions from readers about the animal kingdom. The strip retired on the 5th of January, 2020.
Characters and story
The strip featured lead character Shagg E. Dawg answering questions about animals that were sent in by readers. Questions about particular animals are sometimes answered by the strip's other characters, Rosko the cat, Mouth the myna bird, and Slippy the flying squirrel. In 1995 Guren was receiving more than 15,000 letters a year, with about 75% of them from children. Readers received a free Shagg doll if their question appeared in the strip.
The strips generally featured a joke of some sort about the subject animal in addition to providing an accurate answer to the day's question. (For example, one strip answered a question about hamsters storing food in their cheeks and then compared it to a human carrying their money in their mouths. The last panel then showed a picture of a person holding their money in their mouth.)
Community service
Guren has often used Ask Shagg to raise money or awareness for causes. His Shagg E. Dawg character was used on information cards about endangered species that were included with kid's meals from Wendy's fast-food restaurants in 1993.
Website
Guren launched his first Ask Shagg website in May 1996 and began putting the site's address in the newspaper version of his strip. The site AskShagg.com features a search engine with which users can search for "Ask Shagg" comic strips with questions about a particular animal.
Book
In 1985 World Almanac Publications published the book Ask Shagg, with the attribution "by Shagg E. Dawg as told to Peter Guren." It was distributed in the United States by Ballantine Books.
References
External links
Ask Shagg comics at Creators Syndicate
Ask Shagg (YouTube) - Official Shagg E. Dawg YouTube channel
Ask Shagg Facebook page
1980 comics debuts
2020 comics endings
Gag-a-day comics
Educational comics
Comics about animals
Comics about dogs
Advice columns
Comics characters introduced in 1980
The American School of Paris (ASP), established in 1946, is a coeducational, independent international school in Saint-Cloud, France, in the Paris metropolitan area.
The school has over 800 students from pre-kindergarten to Grade 12 and post-Bac. Located on a private 10.5 acre (40,000+ m2) campus on the edge of Paris, ASP provides an American education to an international student body of more than 50 nationalities.
School overview
ASP is organized into three divisions: Lower School (Early Childhood through Grade 5, or 3–10 years old), Middle School (Grades 6-8, or ages 11–13) and Upper School (Grades 9-12 and post-Bac, or 14–18 years old). Approximately one-third of the students are American, and 17% are French. The other half of the students come from over 50 countries.
Approximately 75% of students are expatriates with parents serving diplomatic or corporate posts in the Paris region. ASP offers a transportable education, thus students are able to transition from and to schools in the United States and elsewhere with little disruption.
Class sizes are small, and except for foreign language courses, are delivered in English. ASP accepts students who do not speak English up to the age of 8 and has extensive support programs for English as an Additional Language (EAL) learning for those students, as well as other support services for students from age 3 to Grade 12. ASP graduates matriculate at colleges and universities in the USA and around the world.
References
External links
American School of Paris
American international schools in France
Schools in Hauts-de-Seine
Lycées in Hauts-de-Seine
Educational institutions established in 1946
1946 establishments in France
International schools in Île-de-France
International Baccalaureate schools in France
FIF may refer to:
Sport
Frederiksberg IF, a Danish sports club
Italian Football Federation, (Italian: formerly )
Ivorian Football Federation (French: )
Other uses
Falah-e-Insaniat Foundation, Pakistani charity
Air Finland, a defunct airline
Federation of Irish Fishermen
Fetus in fetu, developmental abnormality
FiF file format
Fife, historic county in Scotland, Chapman code
Five Iron Frenzy, an American Christian ska band
Forced inspiratory flow
Forward in Faith, a movement within the Anglican Communion
Falkland Islands Foundation, now part of Falklands Conservation
Uttenreuth is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt in Bavaria in Germany.
History
Uttenreuth was founded in the 12th century during the expansion of the empire around Nuremberg to the Schwabach valley east of Erlangen.
After 1946, Uttenreuth developed into a suburban residential area in the lower Schwabach valley. A territorial reform in 1978 led to the integration of the neighboring village Weiher.
Geography
Geographical location
Uttenreuth is located about east of Erlangen in the Schwabach valley.
Neighboring communities
Towns neighboring Uttenreuth are Dormitz (in the East), Neunkirchen am Brand (Northeast), Marloffstein (North), Spardorf (Northwest) and Buckenhof in the West. To the South, Uttenreuth borders a large forest, the Sebalder Reichswald.
Subdivisions
Uttenreuth
Weiher (integrated in 1978)
Traffic
The OVF bus 209, which runs through Uttenreuth, connects Erlangen and Eschenau.
The closest train station is located in Erlangen. Until the 1960s, Uttenreuth had its own train station which connected the cities of Erlangen and Gräfenberg
The town is also connected to Erlangen's bikeways, which are used by many commuters.
Literature
Paulus, Erich and Regina Paulus. 2001. Uttenreuth - Geschichtsbuch über ein fränkisches Dorf am Rande der Stadt.
References
External links
Official website (German)
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Corpse Party, released in Japan as is a 2008 horror adventure game developed by Team GrisGris and published by Xseed Games for Microsoft Windows. Originally developed as for Japanese mobile phones, it is a remake of the 1996 NEC PC-9801 video game CORPSE-PARTY, and the second game in the Corpse Party series. Containing similar gameplay to its predecessor, players control a group of high school students who are transported to a haunted elementary school after performing a supposed friendship ritual, looking for a way to escape. Corpse Party is the first game in the series' rebooted continuity, introducing new characters and elements to those present in the original game, while generally following the same plot.
An enhanced port of the game for the PlayStation Portable was released in 2010 as in Japan. This remasters was later ported to iOS, Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, and was also re-released for Microsoft Windows. Since its release, the game has received generally positive reviews across all platforms, gaining praise for its inventive sound design, though it received criticism for It's drawn out wrong endings. A sequel, Corpse Party: Book of Shadows, was released for the PlayStation Portable in 2011.
Gameplay
Corpse Party is played in a third-person view from a top-down perspective. Players are tasked with exploring the haunted school grounds for a means of escape. To fulfill this task, characters must interact with the environment and surroundings, such as picking up objects, talking to other characters, and inspecting documents while avoiding enemies. Characters possess hit points (HP), which measure how much damage they can take from enemies and obstacles before dying. Unlike the original 1996 CORPSE-PARTY, the remake omits role-playing game elements like magic and a battle system, with characters taking damage exclusively through overhead navigation.
Corpse Party also contains longer dialogue sequences during story progression, where full character portraits are used along with the 2D in-game character sprites. These sequences make up a large portion of the game's playtime, which has caused some to outright describe Corpse Party as a visual novel, rather than an adventure game. These sequences make use of the game's binaural audio, allowing players to hear events in greater fidelity.
The game's story is split into five chapters, each focusing on different characters and featuring multiple endings that are achieved based on the player's in-game decisions: a "True Ending" required for the game's progression; and several "Wrong Endings", the game's equivalent of a game over. If a character's hit points reach zero or a poor decision is made, a Wrong Ending will be achieved, requiring the player to reload their save file to continue playing. As players progress through the game, they unlock ten extra chapters that focus on the game's side characters and expand the storyline.
Plot
Set in 2008 Fujisawa, Japan, Corpse Party takes place at Kisaragi Academy, a high school built on the remains of the remains of Heavenly Host Elementary School, which was closed when a series of murders and disappearances occurred years prior. The game primarily centers around a group of nine, seven of which are students of Kisaragi Academy. These include the original five characters from CORPSE-PARTY, Satoshi and Yuka Mochida, Naomi Nakashima, Ayumi Shinozaki, and Yoshiki Kishinuma, as well as four additional characters, all of whom die at some point in the game: Seiko Shinohara, Mayu Suzumoto, Sakutaro Morishige, and their teacher, Yui Shishido.
Prompted by Ayumi, the group gathers at night at Kisaragi Academy to perform a charm circulated around the internet as Sachiko Ever After, which would supposedly allow them to stay friends for eternity. Upon its completion, the group is instead transported to a different dimension, where a haunted Heavenly Host still stands.
In the group's time in Heavenly Host, they discover that many others have been transported to the school before them, most of which have already been killed. With four of the original group members dying along the way, the remaining five learn that the school's existence is a result of Sachiko Shinozaki, a young girl in a red dress. Sachiko, who was murdered alongside her mother, kills the inhabitants of Heavenly Host in rage over their deaths, and was responsible for the murders of the other students at Heavenly Host before it was shut down.
In an attempt to appease her soul, the group collects the remains of the students she killed and return them to her. When this succeeds, they are transported back to their dimension, but learn that the memories of everybody who died in Heavenly Host are erased, as if they had never existed.
Development and release
Corpse Party began development as a game titled Corpse Party: NewChapter for Japanese NTT DoCoMo mobile phones. A remake of the 1996 NEC PC-9801 CORPSE-PARTY, this game contained new story elements not found in the original game, introducing new characters and expanding the game's setting. This version was never completed, going unfinished beyond its fourth episodic release.
The assets created for NewChapter were repurposed by Team GrisGris for the Microsoft Windows game Corpse Party: Blood Covered, which was released exclusively in Japan on March 8, 2008. This new remake contained all of the same additions as its mobile predecessor in a single finished release. Its building layouts were notably much larger than its mobile counterpart, and amateur voice acting was added during dialogue sequences.
In 2010, the company released Corpse Party: Blood Covered ...Repeated Fear for the PlayStation Portable in Japan. The first game in the series to receive a proper English release in late 2011, this port of Blood Covered contained further additions and enhancements, including a more professional Japanese voice cast, redesigned graphics and character artwork, and an animated opening sequence. In all of its English releases, the game was retitled to simply Corpse Party. The game was ported to Apple iOS in 2012, Nintendo 3DS in 2015, and Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and Series S, and back to Windows in its enhanced form in 2021. Each re-release contained its own unique additions, primarily bonus chapters focusing on side characters.
On April 25, 2016, preceding the North American and European release of the Nintendo 3DS version of the game, the original Corpse Party: Blood Covered for Windows was released in English for the first time, again retitled to just Corpse Party. This version includes its own exclusive bonus chapters and the option to fast-forward through previously seen dialogue sequences.
Reception
Corpse Party has been largely well-received by critics, especially following the PlayStation Portable release of the game. Writing for Electronic Gaming Monthly, Mollie L. Patterson praised the character work in the game, describing a "small wave of panic and despair" she felt over the central group of characters, whom she originally described as a "who's who of Japanese anime stereotypes." Along with Marko Djordjević from GameSpot and Kimberley Wallace from GamesRadar+, Patterson specifically praised the game's audio design, describing a specific sequence in the game in which gruesome audio is used in place of visuals to disturb the player. Concurring, Ryan Clements from IGN wrote that he "couldn't imagine playing it without a top-of-the-line pair of headphones." Peter Willington from Pocket Gamer likewise praised the starring personalities of the game, specifically praising the teacher character Yui Shishido and the duo of Seiko Shinohara and Naomi Nakashima. Chris Shive from Hardcore Gamer applauded the game's horror atmosphere, and specifically how it is complimented by the original soundtrack.
Corpse Party'''s the most extensive criticism is of its multiple ending system. While providing some praise for the disturbing nature of the wrong endings, Chris Walden from Destructoid addressed a specific example where avoiding a wrong ending in the game's second chapter was very difficult, made more cumbersome by the fact that he could not skip the wrong ending's long dialogue sequence after having already seen it prior. Dom Kim of RPGFan shared this sentiment, describing his frustration at seeing all of the game's long wrong endings, especially when he was unable to find save points. Kim found that the gameplay was uninteresting in general, stating as the conclusion of his review, "I like Corpse Party a lot, just not as a game."
Shaun Musgrave from TouchArcade heavily criticized the iOS release of the game, saying, "unless you want your wallet to meet a bad ending itself, don't bother crashing this party, lest this party crash on you." Among his criticisms were a lack of iPad support, unpleasant screen borders, blurry filtered graphics, unaccommodating controls, and frequent game crashes that he experienced while playing.
Adaptations
In 2008, the game was adapted into the manga series Corpse Party: Blood Covered, published by Square Enix in Japan.
On August 2, 2012, the original video animation (OVA) adaptation Corpse Party: Missing Footage was released as part of a limited edition release of Corpse Party: Sweet Sachiko's Hysteric Birthday Bash for the PSP. A multi-episode sequel OVA titled Corpse Party: Tortured Souls'' was announced on the same day.
A live-action film adaptation was released on August 1, 2015.
Notes
References
External links
PlayStation Portable version website
2021 version website
2008 video games
Video game remakes
2000s horror video games
Adventure games
Video games set in 2008
Video games about spirit possession
Mystery video games
Video games about death
Video games about ghosts
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Windows games
PlayStation Portable games
IOS games
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo 3DS eShop games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
Xseed Games games
Single-player video games
Leucopogon microphyllus is a small Australian plant in the family Ericaceae native to eastern Australia. Two varieties are recognised, distinguished principally by leaf hairiness and geographical distribution. Leucopogon microphyllus var. microphyllus (Cav.) R.Br. is widespread and relatively common in heathlands of coastal eastern New South Wales and south eastern Queensland. Leucopogon microphyllus var. pilibundus (A.Cunn. ex DC.) Benth. is found at higher altitudes on the eastern ranges of New South Wales and Victoria, and has leaves with long hairs on both the upper and lower surface. Neither variety is considered threatened.
References
microphyllus
Ericales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Flora of Queensland
Plants described in 1810
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Robert B. "Bob" Sindler (born August 1, 1952) is a Democratic politician who served in the Florida House of Representatives from 1988 to 1998, and who served on the Orange County Commission from 1998 to 2006. He is currently a candidate for the Florida Senate in 2016.
History
Sindler was born in Sumter, South Carolina, and attended Clemson University, graduating with his bachelor's degree in 1973. He then attended the College of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Georgia, receiving his Doctorate in Veterinary Medicine in 1977, and moved to Florida later that year. In 1980, Sindler unsuccessfully ran for a seat on the Orange County School Board
Florida House of Representatives
In 1988, incumbent State Representative Fran Carlton declined to seek re-election, instead opting to run for Orange County Clerk of the Courts. Sindler ran to succeed her in the 39th District, which included Apopka and College Park in northwestern Orange County. Sindler faced retired firefighter Will Campbell in the Democratic primary. He was endorsed by the Orlando Sentinel, which praised his "intelligence, interest and energy," noting that his "scientific background should help him tackle complex environmental issues." Sindler defeated Campbell by a wide margin, winning 64% of the vote to Campbell's 36%, and advanced to the general election, where he faced Roger Williams, the Republican nominee. During the campaign, both Sindler and Williams identified themselves as "conservatives," though Sindler campaigned on his support for an increase in the minimum wage and stricter growth management laws, while Williams focused on education and the environment. The Sentinel once again endorsed Sindler, noting, "He shows promise of being a champion of excellent schools, environmental protection and other good causes." Sindler ended up narrowly defeating Williams, receiving 51% of the vote to Williams' 49%. During his first term in the legislative, Sindler was pushed by Republican legislators and statewide anti-abortion groups to switch parties due to his conservative voting record and opposition to abortion, but declined to do so.
Sindler was re-elected without opposition in 1990. In 1992, following the reconfiguration of the state's legislative districts, Sindler ran for re-election in the 38th District, which contained most of the territory that he had previously represented, and expanded slightly to include several Mount Dora precincts in Lake County. He faced Republican nominee Mike Birdsong, a former legislative aide, and Libertarian nominee Mike Miller, a military veteran, in the general election. Sindler campaigned on his legislative record, in which he passed legislation to improve the state's prison system and to help address water quality in lakes. During the campaign, Birdsong criticized Sindler for working to create the Lake Apopka Habitat Restoration and Management Board, which critics argued "would add an unneeded level of bureaucracy." The Sentinel once again endorsed Sindler, criticizing Birdsong as "disappointing" and Miller as "way-out." The Sentinel, while noting that Sindler had been "too low key," praised him for his "worthwhile contributions" in the legislature. Sindler won his third term by a wide margin, receiving 53% of the vote to Birdsong's 43% and Miller's 4%. In 1994, Sindler was challenged for re-election by Republican nominee Sunny Rinker, a businesswoman and the widow of a television anchor. He was endorsed by the Sentinel, which praised him as a "legislative mechanic...working industriously to make the engine of government run properly." Ultimately, Sindler secured a fourth term against Rinker by a wide margin, winning 54% of the vote to her 46%.
When Sindler ran for re-election to his fifth and final term in the legislature in 1996, he was opposed in the Democratic primary by Carl Neidhart, a computer science instructor at the University of Central Florida. Sindler emphasized his legislative record and campaigned on his support for public education, criminal justice reform, and economic development, while Neidhart focused on his support for environmental protection. The Sentinel endorsed Sindler for re-election, noting that while he took some "disappointing" positions in the legislature, he "ably represented his constituents," and his opponent was "not a viable option for voters." He won the Democratic primary in a landslide, receiving 84% of the vote to Neidhart's 16%.
At the start of Sindler's final term in the legislature, he voted for the Republican nominee for Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, Daniel Webster (Florida politician), over the Democratic nominee, Buzz Ritchie, joining two other Democrats, George Crady and Bud Bronson, in doing so. In response, the House Democrats expelled Bronson, Crady, and Sindler from their caucus in a 42-6 vote.
Orange County Commission
In 1998, rather than seek re-election to the House, Sindler opted to run for District 2 on the Orange County Commission. He faced former County Commissioner Tom Dorman, a Republican, and Glennie Mills, a Democrat, in the nonpartisan election. The Sentinel endorsed Sindler over Dorman and Mills, citing his "track record of political experience" and his "ability to work with lawmakers in both parties," while noting that his opponents "can't claim the same resume." Sindler ended up winning in a landslide, receiving 57% of the vote to Dorman's 29% and Mills' 13%.
Following Sindler's unopposed re-election in 2002, he was deployed to Afghanistan as an officer in the United States Army Reserve, where he first worked as a veterinary officer before serving as a liaison between the military and Afghan government officials. Sindler declined to ask the Governor to appoint a temporary replacement during his service, instead opting to run his office by using his aides as proxies and through email.
In 2006, Sindler initially announced that he would run once again for the State House in the 38th District, but ultimately withdrew from the race after failing to resign from his County Commission post under Florida's resign-to-run law.
2016 State Senate campaign
In 2016, Sindler announced that he would run for the Florida Senate in the 11th District, following incumbent State Senator Geraldine Thompson's decision to run for Congress. Sindler faces State Representative Randolph Bracy, environmental activist Chuck O'Neal, and former State Senator Gary Siplin in the Democratic primary.
Controversy
In 2004, Sindler and his wife were arrested and charged with domestic battery. During an argument about their lawn, Sindler allegedly "made a rude comment to his wife," who threw a water bottle at him, prompting Sindler to punch her in the chest. Ultimately, charges were dropped against Sindler and his wife.
References
External links
Florida House of Representatives - Bob Sindler
Clemson University alumni
University of Georgia alumni
Florida Democrats
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
1952 births
Living people
People from Orange County, Florida
People from Apopka, Florida
People from Sumter, South Carolina
Lowell Wright (born August 19, 2003) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a forward for Whitecaps FC 2 of the MLS Next Pro.
Early life
Wright was born in Brampton, Ontario to Jamaican parents. At youth level, he played in the Toronto FC Academy, serving as captain of the U-12 team. In 2018, he left the Toronto FC Academy and joined the youth system of Sigma FC. In 2019, he joined the youth system of the Woodbridge Strikers, scoring 42 goals across all competitions for their U-17 side.
Club career
In 2019, Wright joined League1 Ontario side Woodbridge Strikers, scoring one goal in three league appearances and making one appearance in the playoffs.
On July 28, 2020, Wright signed a four-year contract with Canadian Premier League side York9 (later renamed York United), becoming the youngest player to sign for the club, as well as signing the longest contract in club history. His signing was expediated by the COVID-19 pandemic, as the club was initially planning to sign him to begin in January 2021, however, due to the inability of some foreign players to come to Canada due to travel restrictions, he was signed in July 2020. He made his professional debut for York9 on August 15 against Atlético Ottawa and scored a goal in an eventual 2-2 draw, becoming the youngest goal-scorer in Canadian Premier League history at 16 years, 11 months, and 26 days. He scored his first career brace on September 26, 2021 against Valour FC.
In August 2022, he transferred to Whitecaps FC 2 of MLS Next Pro.
International career
In April 2022, Wright was called up to the Canadian Under-20 side for two friendly matches against Costa Rica in San José. In June 2022, he was named to the Canadian U-20 team for the 2022 CONCACAF U-20 Championship. He appeared in all four of the team's games at the tournament, scoring twice.
Career statistics
References
External links
Canada Soccer profile
2003 births
Living people
Soccer players from Brampton
Canadian soccer players
Canada men's youth international soccer players
Canadian sportspeople of Jamaican descent
Association football forwards
Toronto FC players
York United FC players
League1 Ontario players
Canadian Premier League players
Woodbridge Strikers players
Sigma FC players
Whitecaps FC 2 players
MLS Next Pro players
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = August
|day = 24
|year = 2022
|time = 15:08
|timestamp = 20220824150828
|content=
REDIRECT Bubble
}}
Tenghilan is a small town and mukim under the administration of the Tamparuli minor district office. It is located in the Tuaran District of the West Coast Division of Sabah, Malaysia. The Tenghilan area is centered around a small town of the same name located near the road that connects Kota Kinabalu and Kota Belud. In 2010, its population was estimated at 203 inhabitants, mostly of Kadazan-Dusun origin. The town, which covers about 400 hectares of land, is located about 17 km northeast of Tuaran, and 25 km southwest of Kota Belud.
Tenghilan hosts a commercial district established in 1930 by British colonial authorities. Businesses in this area were developed by the Chinese and Kadazan-Dusun communities. Currently, the majority of the town's businesses are located on 8 rows of shops and are Chinese-owned. Recently, several two-story units have been built for commercial use.
Etymology
Tenghilan's trade and economic centralization began in Kampong Pengalan, as the Pengalan river was the heart of transportation. Most of the residents there are from Kadazan-Dusun origin, a people who carry out agricultural activities as the main activity of the village.
According to community sources living in the village of Tenghilan, the first settlement of Tenghilan was established in Pengkalan (Pengalan) near Kampong Bunga, happening before the founding of Tenghilan itself. At that time, most of the population of Tenghilan was Christian. As a result, during colonial rule, many British missionaries traveled to Tenghilan to assist the poor community. The village of Tenghilan is situated on relatively flat, forested terrain.
The Tenghilan community has therefore made the area around the Tarap tree a place for daily activities such as making fishing gear (Bubu, Gagan, Siud, and Gapas), Nurod (baskets for paddy fields), and twisting the buffalo rope made from Timbangan tree. The community making plowing tools is known as Raradu (made from wood) and Surud (made from bamboo). They also make Binidang and Kobog by twisting the yarn (Costume jewelry used during the Kaamatan Festival or the ceremony of marriage) to be sheaths, making pants from plants known as Lamba, Parangi, and Gapas, weaving Rindiog and dye Rindang from the wooden Penuhu skin. The community activity also pounded the rice around the Manggilan tree.
Tangkob in Dusun language is a large circular shaped storage bin (5-15 feet in diameter and 3-6 feet in height) for rice and is made from a local tree bark, and is placed in a rice storehouse or granary called 'sulap' (in Dusun language). Tangkob is as tall as an adult person, placed under the tree of Tarap. According to the story, before the villagers begin their journey to Mindahu (to the garden or orchard), they will take the paddy from this paddy storage and return the grain of paddy (they must be peel first) to paddy storage when they return from the garden.
Thus, since the Tarap tree is very familiar with the people's life there, Kampung Tenghilan was created in the name of the tree. The plants still exist today, but unfortunately, it is just a stump where most of the stumps are located in the river and heaped up by sand and soil.
Administration
Before the Japanese occupation during the Second World War, Tenghilan was a small sub-district in Kota Belud District. After the war, Tenghilan became a mukim in Tuaran District
Buildings structure
Originally, Tenghilan town had only one series of wooden shop-houses built-in 1930 by the British. The wooden shophouse was a double store, the upper part is the living room for the traders while the lower room is specially designed to carry out business most by Chinese. This timber shop house also has a spacious living area to accommodate other items for business as well as pedestrian areas. The first structure of the building was made of wood with a contiguous structure and the floor surface was cemented. In 1955, a series of shophouses were erected to replace the old shop building. But the old store is still intact and strong enough to carry on the business to this day. There is also a new building being built near Tamu (Weekly market). In 2014, the small town of Tenghilan had a new shop building with a two-story concrete building structure that provided greater convenience to the community there. Tenghilan town is listed as a historic shophouse building in Sabah.
Mukim Tenghilan
Tenghilan Mukim consists of 25 villages namely;
Kampung Tenghilan
Kampung Molisau
Kampung Lapai
Kampung Linsuk
Kampung Lapasan
Kampung Rani
Kampung Suromboton
Kampung Napitas
Kampung Kayangat
Kampung Tomboilik
Kampung Monggis
Kampung Tiong Monggis
Kampung Koburon
Kampung Linungkuan
Kampung Gumoron
Kampung Tinuhan
Kampung Tinuhan Laut
Kampung Saradan
Kampung Saradan Laut
Kampung Bunga
Kampung Sambah
Kampung Betutai
Kampung Ladang
Kampung Suang Bangau
Tenghilan Town
Facilities
Tenghilan town has a facility such as a pedestrian tunnel with a distance of approximately 18 meters for the community use. It also gives benefits to local people as a daily necessity connected something place to the town. The pedestrian tunnel was built more than 20 years ago in Tenghilan town and, easier the community doing things such as marketing of agricultural produce. The pedestrian tunnel also provides safety for the public to reduce the risk of accidents crossing the main road connecting Kota Kinabalu and Kota Belud. The efforts of a group project of students from the SMK Tenghilan, "revitalized" an abandoned pedestrian tunnel to benefit the surrounding 32 villages.
This facility also attracts outsiders to visit the uniqueness of the pedestrian tunnel in Tenghilan. Next, "Sabah Memorial Monument", built a long time ago, was the landmark of Tenghilan as the attractiveness of the visitor. Sabah Memorial Monument of Tenghilan, known as Batu Seratus Tahun or Batu Bersumpah, is the stone that shows symbolic of agreement between the two ethnic groups in Tenghilan as a sign of peace.
Tourist Attractions
Sambah River Cruise
Sambah River Cruise is the attraction of tourists located in Tenghilan (Tuaran district). This tour is based in Kampong Sambah. Travelers enjoy the beauty of nature, food, the beauty of Sunset and, many more.
Bukit Ketam
Ketam is a hill, hiking spot located in Kampong Lapai, Tenghilan. The view area is beautiful and can see the sea view on the top of the hill. The distance from Kota Kinabalu city to Bukit Ketam Tenghilan is approximately 52 kilometers. Meanwhile, Tenghilan town to Bukit Ketam Tenghilan is 3 kilometers.
Dondomon Waterfall
The Dondomon Waterfall is located in Kampong Rani and was a place for tourist attraction and by just at the route to Kampong Kayangat. Then, you will hear the water pouring from the road nearby and tracking the primary wood to that place. The mist humidifier with the natural environment is a beautiful place for those friends, visitors, and family recreation and picnic as well.
Bukit Merlin @ Bukit Morokoling
The Merlin hill, known as Morokoling Hill, is a hiking spot located in Kampong Saradan, Tenghilan. The distance between Tenghilan town and Merlin hill is 5 kilometers, while from Risda route takes 7 kilometers distance to reach on the top of Merlin hill. Merlin Hill was named after a British navy landed in Kampung Saradan during the First World War that led by its captain HM Merlin. The Merlin hill is an attraction for visitors to climb and is ideal for entertaining outdoor sports for exercise.
Culture
Tamu
Every Thursday morning, 'Tamu' (native open-air market) is held in Tenghilan. At the Tamu, produce, seafood, traditional food and drinks, handicrafts, and other goods from Tenghilan and the surrounding villages are bought and sold. There are also medical plants at Tamu markets, such as papaya, bitter bean, holy basil, turmeric, ginger, etlingera (known as tuhau in Sabah), star fruit, and bitter melon.
Music and Dance
Linding Tinggidon Mongigol is the traditional music and dance from ethnic Dusun Tindal in Tenghilan that is presented by (Tenghilan Bamboo Sound). Tenghilan Bamboo Sound group using musical instruments such as Bamboo Flute (Suling), Sompoton instrument, and Bungkau. The music name is Linding Tinggidon, and the dance is Mongigol or Tigol Kinondi-Kondi Tenghilan. Jambatan Tamparuli song also was played using the musical instruments by Tenghilan Bamboo Sound.
Traditional Attire
The traditional attire of Dusun Tindal from Tenghilan called "Sinulob" is different from the traditional dress of Dusun Tindal in Tempasuk called "Sinipak". This attire traditional is used when dancing the traditional dance "Tigol Kinondi-Kondi" and also shown during Unduk Ngadau Festival.
Language
The Dusun language is the majority spoken in Tenghilan. The dialect of Dusun is unique and different in terms of words, syllables, pronunciation or intonation, compared to those of Tuaran, Tamparuli, Kiulu, and Ranau.
Thus, the Dusun language showed the people identity from Tenghilan, and the Bajaw language (Bajau) is also used in Tenghilan.
Mitatabang
The Mitatabang is a culture of communities such as in Kampong Molisau Tenghilan known as "Gotong-Royong" or helps each other/cooperation and, this Mitatabang activity is doing by turn work. There two associations do the Mitatabang activity, which is the KDCA association and MASA association (Persatuan Koisaan Piombolutan Molisau-Saradan). The practice of Mitababang culture must be maintained so it can be continued, by the villagers from the tradition of the ancestors.
The Mitatabang culture has many benefits to the community such as;
1. Enhancing the relationship bond among the community in the village.
2. Encouraging and attracting the community to join the Mitatabang activity, especially the youth.
3. Education and experience for the youth about how to work in the paddy field and so on.
4. Promoting the Mitatabang culture to outsiders, especially visitors.
5. Helping the community by providing tools such as a hoe, chainsaw, grasscutter, wheelbarrow, canopy, and other conveniences.
6. Having a community meeting to discuss problems and issues in the village.
7. Actively participating in the association to give benefit to society by the build some facilities and so on.
8. Saving time and cost by doing projects regarding agriculture activities and others in the village.
Mitatabang also can be seen in another village within Tenghilan, such as Kampung Rani. Mitatabang organized by a Koisaan, an NGO in that village itself. They conduct activities for community benefits such as; paddy harvesting, wedding planning & preparations, harvest festival, funeral, and some churches program. Next, they also conduct environmental sustainability projects such as river cleaning, zero trash campaign along the Turug Burilakon Rani road.
References
External links
Towns in Sabah
John Wellington Pickup (1892 – 1973) was a Canadian lawyer and judge. He was Chief Justice of Ontario from 1952 to 1957.
Born in Millbrok, Ontario, he studied as Osgoode Hall, graduating with the Gold Medal in 1913, and was called to the Bar the same year. He practised at Fasken in Toronto. In September 1952, he was appointed Chief Justice of Ontario directly from the Bar, succeeding his former law partner Robert Spelman Robertson. He retired in 1957.
References
1973 deaths
Lawyers in Ontario
Judges in Ontario
Osgoode Hall Law School alumni
Kristiansund Fotballklubb is a Norwegian association football club from Kristiansund, Møre og Romsdal.
The men's football team currently plays in the Fourth Division, the fifth tier of the Norwegian football league system. The team last played in the 1. divisjon (second tier) in 1991 and in the 2. divisjon (third tier) in 1998. In 2000, they won their 3. divisjon group but lost the two-legged play-off and failed to win promotion.
In the autumn of 2003 it formed a partnership with rivals Clausenengen FK to field the team Kristiansund BK. Kristiansund BK is currently a Norwegian Eliteserien club. Despite the merger, Kristiansund continued with their first team, and was forced to relegate to 4. divisjon ahead of the 2004 season to make room for the new club in 3. divisjon.
Recent seasons
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Division (Group)
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! Pts.
! Cup
!Notes
|-
|2014
|4. divisjon ()
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 1
|align=right|22||align=right|19||align=right|1||align=right|2
|align=right|86||align=right|32||align=right|58
|
|Promoted to 3. divisjon
|-
|2015
|3. divisjon (8)
|align=right |2
|align=right|26||align=right|15||align=right|2||align=right|9
|align=right|64||align=right|56||align=right|47
|First qualifying round
|
|-
|2016
|3. divisjon (8)
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 9
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|2||align=right|13
|align=right|47||align=right|51||align=right|35
|First round
|Relegated to 4. divisjon
|-
|2017
|4. divisjon ()
|align=right |7
|align=right|22||align=right|16||align=right|2||align=right|4
|align=right|106||align=right|23||align=right|50
|First qualifying round
|
|-
|2018
|4. divisjon ()
|align=right |7
|align=right|22||align=right|9||align=right|5||align=right|8
|align=right|56||align=right|32||align=right|32
|First qualifying round
|
|-
|2019
|4. divisjon ()
|align=right |5
|align=right|22||align=right|10||align=right|2||align=right|10
|align=right|61||align=right|52||align=right|32
|First qualifying round
|
|}
References
Official site
Football clubs in Norway
Sport in Kristiansund
1912 establishments in Norway
Association football clubs established in 1912
Jose Angel Baez (born September 17, 1970) is an American criminal defense lawyer and author. He is known for representing high-profile defendants such as Casey Anthony, Aaron Hernandez, Mark Nordlicht, and Harvey Weinstein.
Early life and education
Baez was born to Puerto Rican parents in Manhattan, New York City, and raised in the Bronx and South Florida with his three sisters by his single mother. He attended Homestead High School in Florida, but dropped out in the ninth grade. He married and became a father at age 17. After earning his General Equivalency Diploma (GED), he joined the U.S. Navy in 1986. He spent three years assigned in connection with NATO at Norfolk, Virginia, trained as an intelligence analyst, and held a Top Secret security clearance.
After leaving the Navy in 1989, Baez attended Miami-Dade Community College, then transferred to Florida State University where he earned a BA. He earned his Juris Doctor degree from St. Thomas University School of Law in 1997.
Career
Criminal cases
After being granted his license, he focused primarily on criminal defense cases, including the case of Elvira García, an undocumented Mexican immigrant accused of kidnapping a child that she had adopted as her own. García's charges were dropped, as it turned out to be more of a civil custody matter. He also tried the first-degree murder case of Nilton Díaz, heavily covered by the media in Orlando and Puerto Rico because the victim was the 2-year-old granddaughter of World Boxing Champion Wilfredo Vazquez. Diaz was acquitted of first and second degree murder but convicted of manslaughter and child abuse.
Casey Anthony case
Baez came to significant national attention when he took on the case of Casey Anthony. Time Magazine dubbed it "the Social Media Trial of the Century". Anthony was acquitted of the murder of her daughter, Caylee, after a trial that lasted six weeks. In a press conference on the day of the verdict, Baez said, "While we're happy for Casey, there are no winners in this case. Caylee has passed on far, far too soon, and what my driving force has been for the last three years has been always to make sure that there has been justice for Caylee and Casey because Casey did not murder Caylee. It's that simple." He added, "And today our system of justice has not dishonored her memory by a false conviction." Baez was featured on every major news network and show across the country. Baez authored a book with Peter Golenbock about the Anthony Case, Presumed Guilty, which was published on July 3, 2012, and became a New York Times Best Seller. Fox News Channel commentator Geraldo Rivera referred to Baez as "Juanie Cochran."
Missing in Aruba
After representing Anthony, Baez was brought on to assist attorney Chris Lejuez in representing millionaire businessman Gary Giordano in Aruba. Giordano was detained in KIA Prison for 116 days in connection with the disappearance of Robyn Gardner. Aruba's High Court released Gary Giordano on November 28, 2011. No charges were ever filed against Gary Giordano. Baez and Lejuez successfully defended an appeal filed by Aruba's Chief Prosecutor, Taco Stein.
Baez defended Giordano on the American reality prime time court show You the Jury, which was canceled after two episodes. Baez also defended Gerod Roth in the show.
Rebecca Sedwick
In October 2013, Baez was hired to defend the 12‑year-old suspect arrested in connection with the death of 12‑year-old Rebecca Ann Sedwick, whose mother had claimed was bullied to the point where she committed suicide by jumping to her death from a silo in a cement factory.
The case made national news when Polk County, Florida, Sheriff Grady Judd made the first arrest in the country for cyberbullying, and gave interviews on all major media shows including the Today Show and Good Morning America. Baez criticized Sheriff Judd for releasing the juveniles' names and photographs, setting off a battle between the sheriff and defense attorney. Sheriff Judd told the media that Baez, "a flashy lawyer from out of town, should go work out a plea deal." In the end, all charges against his client were dropped. After winning the case, Baez told Sheriff Judd that "He should get a lawyer and a darn good one because he's gonna need it", insinuating his client might sue the Sheriff. No known further legal action occurred.
Aaron Hernandez
Baez was working with former NFL player Aaron Hernandez to appeal his conviction for the murder of Odin Lloyd up until Hernández's apparent suicide on April 19, 2017. Baez stated publicly he does not believe Hernandez committed suicide and is "determined to find the truth surrounding his untimely death" as "Aaron was looking forward to an opportunity for a second chance to prove his innocence."
Baez defended Aaron Hernandez on charges related to a 2012 Boston double homicide of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in a drive-by shooting in Boston's South End on July 16, 2012. On April 14, 2017, a jury acquitted Hernandez of the murders. Hernandez was already serving a life term without parole for the Odin Lloyd killing. Five days after the not-guilty verdict, Hernandez committed suicide by hanging himself in his prison cell.
Lawsuit against NFL and New England Patriots
On September 21, 2017, Baez announced Aaron Hernandez had been diagnosed with chronic traumatic encephalopathy by Dr. Ann McKee of Boston University, and that he had filed a federal lawsuit, on behalf of Hernandez's daughter, against the National Football League and the New England Patriots, seeking unspecified damages for loss of parental support. The suit alleges the league and team were aware of the dangers of repeated head injuries and refused to disclose these to Hernandez.
Acquittal of Mark Nordlicht, hedge fund executive
In the summer of 2019, Baez represented Mark Nordlicht, the CIO of the billion-dollar hedge fund, Platinum Partners. Nordlicht was charged with securities fraud, investment adviser fraud, and multiple counts of conspiracy. The government alleged that Nordlicht, along with others, engaged in one of the largest "Ponzi-esque" schemes in history. Baez tried the case over a two-month period in an Eastern District of New York courtroom, winning his client acquittals on all counts.
William Husel
William Scott Husel was charged with 14 counts of first degree murder. He allegedly prescribed excessive amounts of fentanyl to his patients. Baez claimed that Husel was simply trying to help his patients deal with the pain, and said that Husel did not intend to kill any of his victims. According to Baez, Husel was trying to help some patients in their last hours of life. Husel was found not guilty.
Representation of Harvey Weinstein
In early 2019, Jose Baez was sought out by Harvey Weinstein, former co-founder of Miramax, to represent him in the New York criminal case where Mr. Weinstein is accused of rape and other sexual offenses. Baez served on Weinstein's defense team until late 2019, later criticizing decisions made by other members of the defense. Weinstein was eventually convicted of several charges.
See also
Cheney Mason – co-counsel for Casey Anthony
Timeline of the Casey Anthony case
Linda Drane Burdick – lead prosecutor on the Casey Anthony case
Investigating Innocence - wrongful conviction advocacy; Baez is a founding member
References
External links
1970 births
Criminal defense lawyers
Florida lawyers
Florida State University alumni
United States Navy sailors
Living people
American people of Puerto Rican descent
Wrongful conviction advocacy
Writers from the Bronx
American legal scholars
Public defenders
The following page lists power stations in South Korea.
Non-renewable
Coal
All power station lists are based on the 7th Basic Electricity Supply Plan(2015)
Fuel Oil
All power stations with at least 500 MW nameplate capacity are listed.
Natural Gas
All power stations with at least 1,000 MW nameplate capacity are listed.
Nuclear
All power stations are listed.
Renewable
Hydroelectric
Power stations with at least 50 MW nameplate capacity are listed.
Tidal
Wind
Power stations with at least 10 MW nameplate capacity are listed.
See also
List of the largest power stations in the world
References
South Korea
Power stations
The King's School, Worcester is an English independent day school refounded by Henry VIII in 1541. It occupies a site adjacent to Worcester Cathedral on the banks of the River Severn in the centre of the city of Worcester. It offers mixed-sex mainstream education that follows the UK National Curriculum to around 1,465 pupils aged 2 to 18. At age 11, approximately two thirds of pupils join the senior school from its two prep schools, King's Hawford and King's St Albans, while others come from maintained schools in the city of Worcester and the surrounding areas that include Malvern, Redditch, Kidderminster, Evesham and Pershore.
Campuses
The King's, Worcester group consists of three different schools. These include:
King's Hawford: (ages 2–11, c.320 pupils), formerly an autonomous fee-paying prep school named Hawford Lodge, purchased by King's in 1992, situated north of central Worcester. No recommendations were made in the 2008 inspection.
King's St Alban's: (ages 2–11, c.215 pupils), formerly the Cathedral Choir School, amalgamated with King's in 1943, situated adjacent to the senior school. St Alban's includes a pre-prep department for ages 4–7, opened September 2009.
King's Worcester: (ages 11–18, c.930 pupils), the senior school.
The senior school is situated on Worcester's College Green, next to Worcester Cathedral and on the east bank of the River Severn. Many of the school's buildings on the Green are leased from the cathedral, including College Hall (formerly the monastic refectory, for many years the school's only teaching hall, and currently an assembly hall) and Edgar Tower, the medieval gatehouse to College Green, which for many years housed the school library. The school and the cathedral maintain a close relationship, with the school providing cathedral choristers and using the cathedral for major services. The most senior members of school staff, the cathedral choristers, and the school's King's and Queen's Scholars are ex officio members of the cathedral foundation, while the school is required by statute to have the cathedral Dean and Chapter represented on its governing body.
The school owns extensive land next to New Road cricket ground across the river, used as sports pitches and fields. The school also owns an outward bound centre, the Old Chapel near Crickhowell in Mid Wales.
History
Following the dissolution of the monastery in 1540, the new cathedral foundation included provision for a choir school for ten cathedral choristers and tuition for forty King's Scholars. The school was one of seven "King's Schools" established or re-endowed by Henry VIII following the dissolution. On 7 December 1541, Henry VIII appointed the school's first headmaster, John Pether, by means of a letter to Richard Rich. One early headmaster, Henry Bright is mentioned in Thomas Fuller's Worthies of England, and is commemorated in Worcester Cathedral.
The school was managed by the cathedral Dean and Chapter until 1884, when Headmaster W.E. Bolland's New Scheme introduced governance by a separate Governing Body, on which the Chapter nonetheless retained a majority. From its inception until the construction of School House in 1888, all teaching was conducted in College Hall, the former monastic refectory.
From 1945 to 1976, the school participated in the direct grant scheme, accepting pupils funded by central government on a competitive basis. The school first admitted girls in small numbers to the sixth form in 1971, prior to the establishment of College House in 1977, which housed 21 girls. In 1989 the decision was made to make the school fully co-educational, with girls entering the Lower Fourth (Year 7) in 1991. Having accommodated boarders since its inception, the final boarders left in July 1999.
Activities
The school has an artist-in-residence and actor-in-residence, provides one-to-one LAMDA tuition and has several performance venues, including the Keyes Building, College Hall and the John Moore Theatre. Art exhibitions, plays, musicals, dance showcases and other performances are staged across the age range. Partly due to its links with the cathedral the school has a musical tradition.
The school has achieved success at rowing with the King's School Worcester Boat Club, and maintains a boathouse on the River Severn. The school also has an indoor swimming pool on the junior school campus and an outdoor pool at Hawford. Several sports undertake regular tours abroad.
The school has an active Combined Cadet Force with army and RAF sections.
The school produces three pupil-authored publications: Stepping Fourth (for the Fourth Forms, years 7–8), The Removes' Gazette (for the Removes, years 9–10) and Term Time a Sixth Form magazine, first published in summer 2010, as a replacement for the defunct King's Herald newspaper. The King's Herald was an annual newspaper written, compiled and formatted in a single day and submitted to a national competition which it won three times. The school also runs a creative writing club and annual competition, and regular Sixth-Form Soundbites evenings devoted to literature, music and wine. The debating club meets weekly, and pupils regularly participate in regional and national debating and public speaking contests.
Year classification system
The school uses its own class nomenclature. In the main section of the school (ages 11–18), the classification runs as follows:
Houses
Upon reaching the 'Lower Remove', pupils are assigned to one of the following houses (listed with their respective colours):
Castle, Choir, Hostel and School Houses, all former boarding houses, are named for the buildings which originally housed them. As boarding diminished during the 1990s, these houses either converted to day houses (School and Choir), or were discontinued (Castle and Hostel). The remaining houses, which originated as day-boys' houses, are named for former school headmasters (Saint Oswald and Saint Wulstan, both Bishops of Worcester, being regarded as "headmasters" of the former monastic school).
Old Vigornians
All former pupils are considered to be Old Vigornians, and can use the post-nominal letters OV. Predecessor institutions are not considered: only those who attended King's from its refoundation in 1541 onwards are listed below.
See also
List of English and Welsh endowed schools (19th century)
References
Secondary sources
External links
The King's School, Worcester official website
Independent Schools Council: The King's School, Worcester
Guide to Independent Schools: The King's School, Worcester
The Old Vigornians website
1541 establishments in England
Choir schools in England
Educational institutions established in the 1540s
Independent schools in Worcestershire
Schools in Worcester, England
Member schools of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference
Schools with a Royal Charter
Nabil Rouabhi (born 15 May 1966) is an Algerian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Algerian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Algeria
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Algerian people
This is a list of all clubs that have taken part in the German football championship from 1903 to 1963, in the era when the national championship was decided by a final round with a national title game at the end.
The German football championship was first held in 1903 and won by VfB Leipzig. In 1904, the championship was not completed due to a protest by Karlsruher FV about a technicality, with all games but the final played. The competition was held again in 1905 and, from then on, annually.
The championship was interrupted by the World War I, and not held from 1915 to 1920, when football returned to more organised fashion after the disruptions caused by the war.
In 1922, the final was inconclusive and Hamburger SV was declared champions but declined the honor. After this, a championship was held every season until 1944. With the expansion of Nazi Germany, clubs from occupied territories or annexed countries took part in the competition, including teams from Austria, France, Luxembourg, Poland, and Czechoslovakia.
The German championship resumed in 1948, three years after the end of the World War II. Germany, now greatly reduced in size, originally was divided into four occupation zones; from 1949 into three political entities, the German Democratic Republic, known in English as East Germany, the Saar Protectorate, now the German Federal State of the Saarland, and the Federal Republic of Germany, widely called in English, West Germany.
The clubs from the Saar protectorate remained within the German football league system for the most part and continued to take part in the national championship. East German clubs did not. SC Planitz, the team from Zwickau, in Saxony qualified for the 1948 championships at Nuremberg, but was refused a travel permit by the Soviet authorities. After 1948, no clubs from the East entered the championship again.
The German championship continued to operate in this form until 1963, when the system was superseded by the Bundesliga as a means of determining the national champion.
With thirty-one appearances, Hamburger SV holds the record, while 1. FC Nürnberg won the most titles, eight, followed by FC Schalke 04 with seven. The now defunct VfB Königsberg has the most appearances in the national finals without ever reaching the championship game, sixteen.
List
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
R
S
T
W
Bold denotes champions and championship-winning seasons.
Italic denotes club was from territories outside of what is now the Federal Republic of Germany.
Sources
kicker Allmanach 1990, by kicker, page 160 & 178 - German championship
Pre-1933 Football leagues in Germany Das Deutsche Fussball Archiv
Germany - Championships 1902-1945 at Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation
Hirschi's Fussballseiten - History of German football , Results and tables up until 1933
References
+clubs
Championship
Jordan Quinn Larson (born October 16, 1986) is an American former volleyball player and a three-time Olympic medalist. Larson won gold with the national team at the 2014 World Championship, the Rimini Volleyball Nations League, and the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics, silver at the 2012 London Summer Olympics, and bronze at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games. Her 2020 Olympics win allowed her to complete the trifecta of winning an Olympic bronze, silver, and gold medal.
Career
High school
Larson was born in Fremont, Nebraska and played high school volleyball for Logan View High School in Hooper, Nebraska. She was named to the Super-State first team in her last three seasons. In 2003, she had 15.08 kills per game to set a Class C1 state record and led LVHS to the state finals. In 2004, as a senior, she set a C1 record with 501 kills, and Logan View made it to the Class C1 state semifinals. She was named Nebraska Gatorade High School Player of the Year.
Larson played for the Nebraska Juniors at the USA Junior Olympic Girls' Volleyball Championship in 2003, 2004, and 2005. She was an All-American selection all three years.
College
Larson started her college volleyball career at the University of Nebraska in 2005. That year, she was named the American Volleyball Coaches Association Central Region Freshman of the Year and the Big 12 Conference Freshman of the Year. She also helped the Huskers finish second in the NCAA Women's Volleyball Championship. In 2006, she led the Huskers to the national title and was named to the AVCA All-America First Team. In 2007, she made the AVCA All-America Third Team. In 2008, as a senior, she was named to the AVCA All-America First Team. She was also chosen as the Big 12 Player of the Year and the league's defensive player of the year; it was the first time that a player achieved both in the same year. Over her four-year college career, Larson had a total of 1,600 kills and 1,410 digs.
International
Larson joined the U.S. women's national team in 2009. In her first season, she averaged 2.73 points and 1.06 digs per set while starting 19 matches in the Pan American Cup, FIVB World Grand Prix, and NORCECA Continental Championship. She also played for Dynamo Kazan.
In 2010, Larson started all seven matches at the Pan American Cup, and the USA won the bronze medal. In the FIVB World Grand Prix, she started all 14 matches, and the U.S. won gold. She averaged 2.75 points and 2.73 digs per set during that tournament. She scored in double-figures in 10 matches.
The following year, Larson started 13 of 14 matches in the FIVB World Grand Prix and helped the U.S. win the event again. She averaged 3.05 points, 1.93 digs, and 2.14 kills per set. Larson averaged 3.71 points, 1.21 digs, and 2.79 kills per set when the U.S. won the NORCECA Women's Continental Championship. In the FIVB World Cup, she averaged 3.10 points and 1.70 digs per set, as the U.S. won the silver medal and also qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Larson started the first six matches of the 2012 FIVB World Grand Prix preliminary rounds; the U.S. went on to win the title. She won the silver medal with the U.S. in the Olympics.
Larson won the bronze medal and the Best Receiver award at the 2011–12 CEV Women's Champions League, after her Russian team Dynamo Kazan defeated Italian MC-Carnaghi Villa Cortese.
Larson won with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan the 2013–14 CEV Champions League held in Baku, Azerbaijan, defeating 3–0 the homeowners Rabita Baku in the semifinals and 3–0 the Turkish VakıfBank İstanbul in the final. She was awarded tournament's Best Blocker.
Larson won the 2014 FIVB Club World Championship gold medal playing with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan that defeated 3–0 the Brazilian Molico Osasco in the championship match.
Larson was part of the USA national team that won the 2014 World Championship gold medal when her team defeated China 3–1 in the final match.
After joining the Turkish club Eczacibasi VitrA, Larson helped them win the 2014–15 CEV Champions League by defeating 3–0 the Italian Yamamay Busto Arsizio. She was named the Most Valuable Player for the competition. This championship qualified her club to the 2015 FIVB Club World Championship and they won again the gold medal. She was named tournament's Most Valuable Player, an award that she defined as a "great end for a perfect year". She was named 2015 USA Volleyball Indoor Female Player of the Year.
A year later, she scored the final point for her club in their semifinal match against VakıfBank İstanbul. They went on to become the first club in the world to win the FIVB World Club Championship back-to-back by defending their crown in the Philippines during the 2016 FIVB World Club Championship in Manila. She also became the first and only player to win the FIVB World Club Championship for three straight years (2014-2016). She won her second USA Volleyball Indoor Female Player of the Year for the 2016 year. She won the 2017 FIVB World Grand Champions Cup Best Outside Spiker award and the bronze medal.
Larson was invited to participate in Athletes Unlimited Volleyball USA professional league's inaugural season. Larson was named MVP and its first ever awarded volleyball champion, with 4,569 overall ranking points.
In May 2021, Larson was named to the 18-player roster for the FIVB Volleyball Nations League tournament. that was played May 25-June 24 in Rimini, Italy. It was the only major international competition before the Tokyo Olympics in July. USA won the gold medal for the third year in a row.
On June 7, 2021, US National Team head coach Karch Kiraly announced Larson would be part of the 12-player Olympic roster for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, her third straight Olympic Games. She has discussed how this would be her last Olympics, and she became the fifth oldest volleyball player in USA history to be named to an Olympic roster.
Personal life
Larson graduated from the University of Nebraska in 2008 with a degree in communications studies. She was married to Luke Burbach before getting divorced, and is currently married to Pepperdine Men's volleyball head coach David Hunt. Larson and Hunt had their wedding in the LA area on August 21st, 2021.
Awards
Individual
2011–12 CEV Champions League "Best Receiver"
2013 NORCECA Championship "Best Server"
2013–14 CEV Champions League "Best Blocker"
2014–15 CEV Champions League "Most Valuable Player"
2015 FIVB Club World Championship "Most Valuable Player"
2017 FIVB World Grand Champions Cup "Best Outside Spiker"
2020 Summer Olympics – "Most Valuable Player"
2020 Summer Olympics – "Best Outside Hitter"
Clubs
2011–12 CEV Champions League – Bronze medal, with Dinamo Kazan
2013–14 CEV Champions League – Champion, with Dinamo Kazan
2014 FIVB Club World Championship – Champion, with Dinamo Kazan
2014–15 CEV Champions League – Champion, with Eczacıbaşı VitrA
2015 FIVB Club World Championship – Champion, with Eczacibasi VitrA
2016 FIVB Club World Championship – Champion, with Eczacibasi VitrA
2016–17 CEV Champions League – Bronze medal, with Eczacıbaşı VitrA
College
Two-time First Team AVCA All-American (2006, 2008)
Third Team AVCA All-American (2007)
Two-time NCAA Championship All-Tournament Team (2006, 2008)
Two-time NCAA Regional All-Tournament Team (2006, 2008)
Three-time First Team AVCA All-Central Region (2006, 2007, 2008)
2005 AVCA Central Region Freshman of the Year
AVCA National Player of the Week (September 23, 2008)
Three-time First Team All-Big 12 (2006, 2007, 2008)
2008 Big 12 Player of the Year
Two-time Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year (2006, 2008)
2005 Big 12 Freshman of the Year
Two-time Big 12 Player of the Week
Three-time First Team Academic All-Big 12 (2006, 2007, 2008)
National team
2010 Pan-American Volleyball Cup
2010 FIVB World Grand Prix
2011 Pan-American Volleyball Cup
2011 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Continental Championship
2011 FIVB World Grand Prix
2011 FIVB Women's World Cup
2012 FIVB World Grand Prix
2012 Summer Olympics
2013 FIVB World Grand Champions Cup
2013 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Continental Championship
2014 FIVB World Championship
2015 FIVB World Grand Prix
2015 FIVB Women's World Cup
2015 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Continental Championship
2016 Women's NORCECA Olympic Qualification Tournament
2016 FIVB World Grand Prix
2016 Summer Olympics
2017 FIVB World Grand Champions Cup
2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League
2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League
2019 FIVB Women's Volleyball Intercontinental Olympic Qualifications Tournament (IOQT) - Qualified
2019 FIVB Women's World Cup
2019 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Continental Championship
2021 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League
2020 2020 Summer Olympics
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
American women's volleyball players
American volleyball coaches
Texas Longhorns women's volleyball coaches
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in volleyball
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in volleyball
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in volleyball
Volleyball players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Nebraska Cornhuskers women's volleyball players
Eczacıbaşı volleyball players
Expatriate volleyball players in Russia
Expatriate volleyball players in Turkey
American expatriate sportspeople in Russia
American expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
People from Fremont, Nebraska
Sportspeople from Nebraska
People from Hooper, Nebraska
Outside hitters
George Jackson Lambert (16 November 1794 – 24 January 1880) was an English organist and composer, for many years organist of Beverley Minster.
Life
Lambert was born in Beverley, son of George Lambert, organist of Beverley Minster. He had his first lessons from his father; afterwards he studied in London under Samuel T. Lyon and William Crotch. He played violin, viola and cello; in his early career he played at the Chapel Royal and at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, and was said to be a favourite of the Prince Regent.
In 1818 he succeeded his father as organist at Beverley, and held the post until 1874, when ill health and deafness compelled him to retire. He died in Beverley on 24 January 1880, in the house in which he was born, and was interred in the private burial-ground in North-Bar Street Within. His wife and two sons (George, who took holy orders, and Henry William, a musician) predeceased him.
His father, who died on 15 July 1818, was organist for forty-one years, according to the epitaph on his tombstone in the graveyard, so that the office of organist at Beverley was held by father and son for ninety-seven years.
Compositions
His published compositions include overtures, instrumental chamber music, organ fugues and piano pieces. Some quartets and a septet were played at the meetings of the Society of British Musicians; they were well received, but were never published.
References
Attribution
1794 births
1880 deaths
English classical organists
British male organists
19th-century organists
English classical composers
19th-century classical composers
19th-century British male musicians
People from Beverley
Male classical organists
The 1939 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 11th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Cavan entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated by Monaghan in a replay of the Ulster final.
On 24 September 1939, Roscommon won the championship following a 1-9 to 1-7 defeat of Monaghan in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
In the provincial championships there are a number of firsts as Cork, Roscommon and Westmeath win the respective Munster, Connacht and Leinster titles for the first time.
References
1939
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
is a 2010 rhythm game created by Sega and Crypton Future Media for the PlayStation Portable. The game is a sequel to the 2009 video game, Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA, and was first released on July 29, 2010 in Japan with no international release. Like the original the game primarily makes use of Vocaloids, a series of singing synthesizer software, and the songs created using these vocaloids most notably the virtual-diva Vocaloid Hatsune Miku.
Gameplay
The game primarily uses the same gameplay mechanics from the original game albeit with several changes. Most notable of which is that the game now uses the D-pad (arrow buttons) and a "hold and release" function for the face buttons in addition to the normal gameplay. Similar to the symbols of the first game, the game now includes colored arrows for example a blue arrow pointing downwards, this indicates that the player has to press "down" on the D-Pad and the "Cross" face button at the same time. The game also add a fourth difficulty, Extreme, to songs that is more difficult than the hard difficulty in the first game. The game will also introduce duets, as compared to only having solo songs in the first game, thus allowing players to select two modules instead. This also carries on into the Edit Mode of the game allowing players to create PVs for duets with two modules in them.
Song list
A total of 72 songs are available in the game; 52 songs (30 new and 22 old) are obtained normally by playing through the game, while 9 songs are only available through Edit Mode, and 11 songs are downloadable content available from the PlayStation Network.
Songs with a light blue background are returning songs from Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA.
Songs with a grey background can only be played in Edit Mode.
Songs with an orange background are DLC which returned as playable songs in Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Extend.
Songs with a yellow background are DLC which are only available in the game.
DLC
Various packs of DLC were released for the game, including new modules, new rooms, new room items, and new songs and stages:
July 29, 2010 - The first DLC pack was released, containing two additional posters for room decoration.
August 26, 2010 - In observance of Hatsune Miku's 3rd birthday, a themed DLC pack was released, containing a themed room, two additional room items, and a poster room decoration.
August 31, 2010 - A new module, taken from the cover of the Hatsune Miku Append Vocaloid software, was released.
September 30, 2010 - The songs "The Disappearance of Hatsune Miku" and "StargazeR" were released.
October 28, 2010 - The "Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA 2nd x THE iDOLM@STER SP Collaboration" DLC packs were released, containing modules from THE iDOLM@STER SP for Miku, Rin, and Luka, Vocaloid versions of the franchise songs "GO MY WAY!!" and "relations", a 765 Production room and item, an THE iDOLM@STER character doll, and new room posters.
November 4, 2010 - In observance of MEIKO's 6th birthday, a themed DLC pack was released, including a themed room, a birthday cake room item, an "i Cup" room item, and a kimono module.
November 30, 2010 - Christmas modules for each character were released.
December 22, 2010 - A Christmas/Kagamine Rin and Len themed pack was released, containing a variety of Christmas themed items and room, a room poster and room item, the "-39's Giving Day Edition-" version of the song "Butterfly on Your Right Shoulder". The songs "Your Diva" and "Requiem for the Phantasma" were also released.
January 27, 2011 - In observance of Megurine Luka's 2nd birthday, a themed DLC pack was released, including a themed room, a birthday cake room item, a doll room item, a room poster and the song "Stardust Utopia". A winter-themed Miku module was also released.
February 17, 2011 - In observance of KAITO's 5th birthday, a themed DLC pack was released, including an ice-cream themed room and room decoration, a "Happy Birthday" ice cream cone room decoration, a poster, and a white suit module. The songs "Electric Angel" and "Time Limit" were also released.
Dreamy Theater 2nd
Similar to Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA, a companion game for the PlayStation 3, Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Dreamy Theater 2nd, was released digitally via the Japanese PlayStation Store on August 4, 2011. Like its predecessor, the game features updated high-definition visual improvements over its respective PSP game while featuring the same content and PlayStation Trophies support, and requires the player to connect the PSP (with Project DIVA Extend) to the PS3 via USB to access the content in the game. Notable differences from the first game are that the player need only connect their PSP system once to transfer a save file rather than having it constantly connected via USB cable, as well as the addition of stereoscopic 3D for compatible TVs. Once the game has been unlocked by transferring a save file, all unlocked content from the player's PSP system will be available to play along with the songs from the first game as an added bonus.
References
External links
Official Site
2010 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Music video games
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation 3 games
Sega video games
Creative works using vocaloids
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA games
Video games developed in Japan
Events from the year 1604 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: James I
Events
July 11 – Derry chartered as a city.
Births
March 10 (claimed) – David Barry, 1st Earl of Barrymore (d. 1642)
Ulick Burke, 1st Marquess of Clanricarde, nobleman and figure in English Civil War (d. 1657)
Nicholas French, Bishop of Ferns, political activist and pamphleteer (d. 1678)
Deaths
January 28 – Brian Oge O'Rourke, King of West Breifne.
Katherine FitzGerald, Countess of Desmond (b. c.1464)
References
1600s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Nicholas John Higham, (born 1951) is a British archaeologist, historian, and academic. He was Professor of Early Medieval and Landscape History at the University of Manchester, and is now an emeritus professor.
Higham was trained as an archaeologist at Manchester, receiving his Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in 1977. He taught at Manchester from 1977 to 2011.
Honours and prizes
Elected Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London (FSA) on 11 November 1989
Bibliography
with Barri Jones, The Carvetti, Sutton (Gloucester, England), 1985, new edition, 1991.
The Northern Counties to AD 1000, Regional History of England, Longman, (New York, NY), 1986.
Rome, Britain, and the Anglo-Saxons, Seaby (London, England), 1992.
The Kingdom of Northumbria: AD 350-1100, Sutton (Gloucester, England), 1993.
The Origins of Cheshire, Manchester University Press (Manchester, England), 1993.
An English Empire: Bede and the Early Anglo-Saxon Kings, Manchester University Press (Manchester, England), 1995.
The English Conquest: Gildas and Britain in the Fifth Century, Manchester University Press (Manchester, England), 1994. (review by Christopher A. Snyder)
The Convert Kings: Power and Religious Affiliation in Early Anglo-Saxon England, Manchester University Press (Manchester, England), 1997.
The Death of Anglo-Saxon England, Sutton (Gloucester, England), 1997.
The Norman Conquest, Sutton (Gloucester, England), 1998.
King Arthur: Myth-making and History, Routledge (New York, NY), 2002.
A Frontier Landscape, 2004
King Arthur: The Making of the Legend, 2018
References
External links
Staff of the Manchester School of Arts, Languages and Cultures
British medievalists
Living people
Academics of the University of Manchester
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Historians of the British Isles
1951 births
Anglo-Saxon studies scholars
Landscape historians
O Filme ao vivo em Natal is the first live album by the Brazilian band Cavaleiros do Forró, released in 2005. The album was recorded during a single concert performed on November 28, 2004, at Estádio Machadão in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte.
Cavaleiros do Forró was the first forró band to record a DVD in a football stadium.
Track listing
Abertura
Alô
Se réi pra la
Vá dar trabalho a outro
O Esporte da Mulher (O Karatê)
Bebo, rico e brabo
Avise a ela
Mar de Doçura
A vontade que eu tenho
A música do dia
Pra sempre
Acústico:
Minha história
Os Outros
Você vai ver
Abertura II
Frete
Ciúme
Mulher eletricista
Doce desejo
Iô Iô
Penitência
Só você
Homenagem Vaqueiros:
Sonho de vaquejada
Com a corda toda
Certifications
References
Cavaleiros do Forró albums
2004 live albums
Portuguese-language albums
Jaina Lee Ortiz (born Jessica Ortiz; November 20, 1986) is an American actress and dancer. She is known for her starring role as Detective Annalise Villa on the Fox police drama Rosewood from 2015 to 2017. In 2018, she began starring as lead in the ABC drama series Station 19.
Early life
Ortiz was born November 20, 1986 in California and raised in The Bronx, New York. Ortiz's father, Joe Ortiz, is a retired NYPD first grade detective. She began her dance training at the age of nine by taking salsa/mambo classes; and, at the age of 15, she began teaching. By the next year, Ortiz was traveling internationally as a professional instructor and performer.
Career
Ortiz got her start in acting by appearing in student films. She then studied for two years at Maggie Flanigan Studios, where she learned the Meisner technique. In 2009, Ortiz auditioned and was cast on the second season of VH1's reality show Scream Queens, where she and nine other aspiring actresses competed in challenges based on acting for the opportunity to win the prize of a role in Saw 3D. The show premiered on August 2, 2010 and on the season finale, Ortiz was named first runner-up.
In 2012, Ortiz was in a photo used in the Modern Family episode Yard Sale where she was beauty pageant contestant Miss Galapa.
In 2013, Ortiz landed the role as a series regular in The After, produced by The X-Files creator, Chris Carter. The pilot, which began airing via Amazon Video in February 2014, received positive feedback and was ordered to series. However, on January 5, 2015, Amazon Studios announced they would no longer move forward with the show. Two months later, Ortiz was cast as the female lead in a pilot tentatively titled Rosewood, playing opposite Morris Chestnut. The pilot was greenlit to series in May 2015. Rosewood premiered on September 23, 2015 on Fox. The series was canceled after two seasons in May 2017. Later that year, she had a recurring role during the second season of the USA Network drama series, Shooter. Ortiz also has appeared in the comedy film Girls Trip, playing herself.
In 2017, Ortiz was cast in a leading role on the spin-off to ABC longest-running drama series Grey's Anatomy, titled Station 19.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Images of Jaina Lee Ortiz
Living people
1986 births
21st-century American actresses
21st-century Puerto Rican actresses
Actresses from California
Actresses from New York City
American actresses of Puerto Rican descent
American female dancers
American television actresses
Dance teachers
Dancers from New York (state)
Hispanic and Latino American actresses
Participants in American reality television series
People from the Bronx
Puerto Rican television actresses
Salsa dancers
Kårvåg is a village in Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is located on the west side of the island of Averøya near the east end of the Atlanterhavsveien road. The village of Kornstad lies to the south and the village of Langøyneset is to the north.
The village has a population (2018) of 337 and a population density of .
References
Averøy
Villages in Møre og Romsdal
Sphyriidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera:
Driocephalus Raibaut, 1999
Lophoura Kölliker, 1853
Norkus Dojiri & Deets, 1988
Opimia Wilson, 1908
Paeonocanthus Kabata, 1965
Periplexis Wilson, 1919
Sphyrion Cuvier, 1830
Sphyrion Milne Edwards, 1840
Tripaphylus Richiardi, 1878
References
Copepods
David Grogan (7 July 1914 – March 1993) was a British water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was part of the British team which finished eighth in the 1936 tournament. He played five matches.
External links
profile
1914 births
1993 deaths
British male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Great Britain
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Al Jadid or El Gedid () may refer to:
Al Jadid (magazine), an Arabic language magazine
Al Jadid, Libya, a town in Libya
See also
Jadidah
Al Jadidah
El Jadida
Oberpleichfeld is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
Gustavus Vasa may refer to:
King Gustav I of Sweden
The play Gustavus Vasa by Henry Brooke, first English play to be banned under the Licensing Act 1737
Alternate name of Olaudah Equiano, African ex-slave living in 18th century Britain
Gustavus Vasa Fox, American naval officer
Vasa, Gustavus
Möðrudalur () is a farm settlement in Norður-Múlasýsla in Eastern Iceland, and the highest inhabited place in the country, at 469 m (1,539 ft) above sea level.
Möðrudalur is a popular tourist destination, and was formerly located on The Ring Road until the road was moved to its current Háreksstaðaleið route to the north of Möðrudalur.
A church was built in Möðrudalur in 1949 by Jón A. Stefánsson. A guesthouse, a small store and a restaurant are operated in the area. Nearby the settlement one finds also the Kunsthalle Tropical.
The lowest temperature ever recorded in Iceland, -38.0 °C (-36.4 °F) was recorded concurrently in Möðrudalur and the neighboring Grímsstaðir on 21 January 1918.
Gallery
References
Populated places in Eastern Region (Iceland)
John Kelly (c. 1793 – 17 September 1854) was a Manx advocate who became High Bailiff of Castletown and a Member of the House of Keys.
Biography
Born and raised on the Isle of Man, John Kelly pursued a career in the legal profession following his schooling. He was appointed High Bailiff of Castletown by the Isle of Man's Lieutenant Governor, Cornelius Smelt, on August 17, 1832.
As a magistrate Kelly was said to of been judicious, impartial and highly competent.
Death
John Kelly died at his home in Castletown, Isle of Man on Saturday September 17, 1854, following a short illness.
Following Kelly's death he was succeeded as High Bailiff of Castletown by Sir James Gell.
References
1793 births
1854 deaths
Manx judges
Manx politicians
The Esprit Orchestra is an orchestra based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that is dedicated to the performance of new orchestral works. It was established in 1983 by music director and conductor Alex Pauk, and is Canada's only full-sized orchestra devoted exclusively to new music. Currently, there are 45 full-time members. A season typically features five concerts featuring 20th and 21st century music as well as newly commissioned works. Notable composers who have written for Esprit include John Burke, Alexina Louie, John Rea, Chan Ka-Nin, Murray Schafer, Owen Underhill, Ryuichi Sakamoto, and John Beckwith.
The orchestra has also participated in film recordings for directors such as Larry Weinstein, Don McKellar, Jeremy Podeswa, Don McBrearty and Deepa Mehta.
In October 2009, Esprit began to perform in the Koerner Hall and has since called it home. Its concerts have also been recorded and broadcast by CBC Radio Two. Three of the orchestra's commercial recordings have been nominated for the Juno Award.
References
External links
Official website
Canadian orchestras
Musical groups from Toronto
Musical groups established in 1983
Contemporary classical music ensembles
1983 establishments in Ontario
USS Dwyn Wen (IX-58), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to have that name, which was given to her by her former owner, possibly in honor of Saint Dwynwen.
Dwyn Wen was acquired by the Navy and placed in service on 19 February 1942 and assigned to the 11th Naval District and later to Western Sea Frontier. Placed out of service on 1 April 1943, she was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 18 July 1944 and sold.
References
External links
Photo gallery at Navsource.org
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
1942 ships
Renato Fasano (Naples, August 21, 1902 – Rome, August 3, 1979) was an Italian conductor and musicologist particularly associated with 18th-century Italian works.
Having studied music in his native Naples, Fasano established in 1941 the chamber orchestra Collegium Musicum Italicum later renamed I Virtuosi di Roma. This small orchestra helped popularize Italian Baroque music. He conducted widely in Europe works by such composers as Corelli, Vivaldi, Pergolesi, Baldassarre Galuppi, Alessandro Marcello and Giovanni Paisiello. In addition, he founded the "Piccolo Teatro Musicale Italiano" in 1957.
In 1971, he conducted an acclaimed tour through Southern Africa with his "Virtuosi di Roma" chamber orchestra and cellist Radu Aldulescu.
The best-known of Fasano's recordings (for RCA) is that of an opera by a non-Italian, Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice, with Shirley Verrett, Anna Moffo and Judith Raskin as principals.
Sources
Le guide de l'opéra, Roland Mancini & Jean-Jacques Rouveroux, Fayard, 1986.
References
External links
1902 births
1979 deaths
Italian male conductors (music)
Italian musicologists
20th-century Italian conductors (music)
20th-century musicologists
20th-century Italian male musicians
Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād; also known as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Uncle Tom and Little Eva may refer to:
Uncle Tom and Little Eva (film), made in 1930
Uncle Tom and Little Eva (painting), made in 1866
A Soulful Christmas is the ninth studio album of keyboardist Brian Culbertson released in 2006 on GRP Records. The album reached No. 17 on the Billboard Contemporary Jazz Albums chart and No. 7 on the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
Tracklisting
References
2006 albums
GRP Records albums
Stéphan Bureau (born July 2, 1964) is a Canadian journalist, TV interviewer and producer of TV shows and documentary series.
Life and career
Bureau was born in Montreal, Quebec. He successfully auditioned at Télévision de Radio-Canada, and became one of the youngest reporters in a TV show dedicated to teenagers.
He then began a radio journalism career in 1984 at Radio-Canada while pursuing Russian studies at Concordia University. In 1986, he embarked on a broadcast journalism career as a television newscaster at Télévision Quatre-Saisons (TQS; now V). Between 1990 and 1994, he produced and hosted Contact, a series of in-depth interviews with figures from the artistic, literary and intellectual world such as Paul Auster, Elie Wiesel, Nancy Huston, Michel Serres, Carlos Fuentes. The documentary series, which was broadcast throughout Quebec and in many other countries of Europe and Africa earned him a Rogers Award in English Canada.
He has since been on all major French-Canadian television networks, most notably on TVA, where he was at the helm of L'événement, a public affairs magazine, and then on the 10 p.m. televised newscast for the next three years. He later joined the Société Radio-Canada where he served in turn as host, foreign correspondent and chief anchorman of the national newsmagazine Le Téléjournal/Le Point from 1998 to 2003.
In 2003, Stéphan Bureau chose to retire from the news world and started working on new projects. With the Festival Juste pour Rire (the French edition of the Just for Laughs Festival), he created and hosted several tributes to Quebec's comic figures. He also hosted several live interviews with famous comic actors such as Pierre Richard and Franck Dubosc.
In 2006, Stéphan Bureau reinitiated Contact with a new series of 13 episodes. His guests were film and theater director Franco Dragone ; novelist Jean d'Ormesson; author and playwright Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt; short story writer Mavis Gallant; authors Marek Halter, Mario Vargas Llosa and José Saramago; philosopher, psychoanalyst and feminist Julia Kristeva; lawyer and politician Simone Veil; director and playwright Robert Lepage; author, journalist and film director Philippe Labro; French economist Jacques Attali, and French playwright and author Jean-Claude Carrière.
Prizes and awards
Over the years, Stéphan Bureau has received several awards honoring the quality of his work, mainly as a newscaster and interviewer. Most of these prizes were awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television.
1994 : Rogers Arts Award for documentary series Contact
1999 : Prix Gémeaux, Best TV Newscast for Le Téléjournal / Le Point
2000 : Prix Gémeaux, Best TV Newscast for Le Téléjournal / Le Point
2000 : Prix Gémeaux, Best interview : all categories for Le Téléjournal / Le Point
2001 : Prix Gémeaux, Best TV Newscast for Le Téléjournal / Le Point
2002 : Prix Gémeaux, Best TV Newscast for Le Téléjournal / Le Point
2006 : Nominee at Prix Gémeaux, Best biography or portrait, for Contact, the encyclopaedia of creation - episode featuring French writer Jean d'Ormesson
2006 : Nominee at Prix Gémeaux, Best Website for a TV series, for Contact, the encyclopaedia of creation
2008 : Was given the honor of Mérite du français 2008, awarded by the Conseil pédagogique inter-disciplinaire du Québec
2010 : Was given the honor of Chevalier de l'Ordre de la Pléiade awarded by the Assemblée parlementaire de la Francophonie
References
External links
Official website for CONTACT, the encyclopaedia of creation produced and hosted by Stéphan Bureau
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television
Just for Laughs Festival
Canadian television news anchors
French Quebecers
Journalists from Montreal
Living people
1964 births
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation people
20th-century Canadian journalists
21st-century Canadian journalists
The Arslan Tash reliefs are bas-reliefs of human figures and animals which adorned the city gates and temple portals of ancient Hadatu; the modern archeological site of Arslan Tash, literally "the Stone Lion". (Turkish; Arslan - Lion, Taş - Stone)
The bas-reliefs may have been carved by different artists in different periods, but an inscription carved across the body of one bull dates the inscription to the reign of Tiglath-Pileser III (745-727 BC) however artistic considerations suggest the conclusion that the reliefs were originally carved sometime between the reigns of Shalmaneser III (858-824 BC) and Sargon II (721-705 BC).
In February 2015, in the Syrian city of Raqqa, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) publicly ordered the bulldozing of a colossal ancient Assyrian gateway lion sculpture from the 8th century BC. Another lion statue was also destroyed. Both statues originated from the Arslan Tash archaeological site. The destruction was published in the ISIL magazine, Dabiq.
See also
Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL
References
Archaeology of the Near East
Archaeological discoveries in Syria
Syrian art
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1980:
1980
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1980 at HKcinemamagic.com
1980 films at chinesemov.com
1980
Lists of 1980 films by country or language
1980 in Hong Kong
The Gerald Danovitch Saxophone Quartet (GDSQ) was a Canadian music ensemble formed in 1968. It was founded in Montreal by McGill University professor Gerald Danovitch.
History
The saxophone quartet performed music in many styles, from Classical to Jazz. The original group members were Danovitch on soprano saxophone, Donald Hughes on alto, Shane Nestruck on baritone, and Abe Kestenberg on tenor. In 1976 Danovitch's student, Peter Freeman, took the place of Donald Hughes, and in 1978 Nancy Newman became the baritone player for the quartet in place of Shane Nestruck. Janis Steprans, also a student of Danovitch, began performing with the group in 1994.
In 1983 GDSQ won the du Maurier Search for Stars Contest organized by the du Maurier Council for the Performing Arts. In 1986 the quartet performed Pierre Max Dubois' concerto for saxophone quartet and strings with the Orchestre Métropolitain, conducted by the composer.
In 1988 the quartet performed at the ninth World Saxophone Congress, in Tokyo, Japan, and toured the Far East. In 1989 Paquito D'Rivera composed New York Suite for the GDSQ. CBC JazzImage also made a recording of the composition that same year, featuring the New York Saxophone Quartet.
After the sudden death of Gerald Danovitch from cancer in 1997, Newman and Kestenberg formed the Phoenix Saxophone Quartet. They broadcast a tribute to Danovitch on 8 January 1999 on the CBC Radio 2 program "In Performance".
Discography
1985 – Esquisses. Dubois Quatuor – M. Perrault Esquisses québécoises – McGill University Records 85022
1986 – Jones Three Preludes and a Fugue. 5-ACM 24
1987 – Gerald Danovitch Saxophone Quartet – CBC Records [1018]
1988 – Patriquin Earthpeace One. L. and I. Zuk piano. A Tempo 29588 (cass)
1989 – Free Trade. D. Matthews – Arnold – D'Rivera – et al. New York Saxophone Quartet. CBC JazzImage 2-0118 (CD)
1991 – Celebration: One Hundred and Fifty Years of the Saxophone. – featuring Eugene Rousseau – McGill University Records 750042-2 (CD)
References
Further reading
Rowland, Hilary. 'Meet the man behind all that campus jazz,' Montreal Gazette, 27 Oct 1984
McLean, Eric. 'Sax quartet makes strange mix,' Montreal Gazette, 12 Mar 1988
Tanner, David. 'Gerald Danovitch,' Saxophone Journal, vol 14, Jul–Aug 1989
Ginsberg, Murray. "Canadian Scene." International Musician, Nov 1992
Musical groups established in 1968
Musical groups disestablished in 1997
Canadian jazz ensembles
Canadian classical music groups
Saxophone quartets
Egon Schiele – Exzess und Bestrafung, also known as Egon Schiele – Excess and Punishment (English) and Egon Schiele, enfer et passion (French) is a 1980 film based on the life of the Austrian artist Egon Schiele. Set in Austria during the years immediately prior to and during the Great War, the film stars Mathieu Carriere as Schiele, with Jane Birkin as his muse Walburga (Wally) Neuzil, Christine Kaufmann as his wife Edith, and Kristina van Eyck as Edith's sister. Essentially a depiction of obsession and its constituents of sex, alcohol, and uncontrolled emotions, the film portrays Schiele as an agent of social change leading to the destruction of those he loves and ultimately of himself.
Plot
The short life of Austrian Expressionist painter Egon Schiele is chronicled against a backdrop of the final years of the Habsburg Monarchy. The story begins around 1912 as Schiele (Mathieu Carriere) and his mistress and artistic muse Wally (Jane Birkin) are befriended by an obsessed teenage girl (Karina Fallenstein), who has
run away to be with Schiele. Schiele is subsequently imprisoned on the grounds that he has behaved in a sexually improper way towards the young woman. The young woman falsely accuses Schiele, who denies the charge to no avail. Although the girl withdraws her accusations, Schiele is nevertheless requested to leave the area, as he has offended the social mores of the conservative society in which he lives. Those offended include his mother (Angelika Hauff), who rails against his lax morals.
Upon his release, he continues his excesses, despite fighting (literally) to conform, even going so far as to volunteer for service in the Austrian army during World War I. As a soldier, Schiele cuts a pathetic figure and is quickly discharged as unfit for duty. He disposes of his alcoholic mistress and has an affair with a society beauty, who ultimately abandons him, unable to cope with his sexual obsessions. Schiele's emotional cruelty is exposed when he shuns Wally, who is near death. Their parting scene at a Vienna social gathering reveals the corruption at the heart of Schiele's artistic soul.
Schiele's paintings, however, develop greater depth as he pushes himself to the limit. Whilst his paintings gain acceptance (and many now hang in the Leopold Museum in Vienna), his own sanity suffers. He marries and appears to find a modicum of contentment until his wife Edith (Christine Kaufmann) falls ill during the 1918 Spanish influenza pandemic. Schiele makes love to his dying wife in a scene that is tender yet shocking, evoking a central theme of Schiele's work: the link between sex and death. Shortly thereafter, Schiele himself contracts influenza and dies.
Production
The film was an international co-production with actors of German, French, Dutch, and English origin. Shot on location in Vienna and the Croatian capital city of Zagreb, it was directed by Herbert Vesely and produced by and Robert Hess, with cinematography by Rudolf Blahacek and soundtrack by Brian Eno. Although selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards, it was not accepted as a nominee.
Cast
Mathieu Carrière – Egon Schiele
Jane Birkin – Wally Neuzil
Christine Kaufmann – Edith Harms
– Adele Harms
– Tatjana von Mossig
– Gerti
Marcel Ophüls – Dr Stovel
– Benesch
Danny Mann – Mrs Stovel
Guido Weiland – Herr von Mossig
Maria Ebner – Frau Harms
Angelika Hauff – Frau Gertrude Schiele, Schiele's mother
Helmut Dohle – Gustav Klimt
Wolfgang Leisowsky – Arthur Roessler
Serge Gainsbourg – Unnamed
Reviews
New York Times review
See also
List of submissions to the 53rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Austrian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
Egon Schiele: Death and the Maiden (2016)
References
External links
1980 films
1980s biographical films
French biographical films
Austrian biographical films
West German films
German biographical films
Biographical films about painters
Films directed by Herbert Vesely
Films set in Austria
Films set in the 1910s
1980s German-language films
Cultural depictions of 20th-century painters
Cultural depictions of Austrian men
German multilingual films
Austrian multilingual films
French multilingual films
1980s French films
1980s German films
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in West Virginia, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1863, West Virginia has participated in every U.S. presidential election. Prior to 1863, the territory currently comprising the state of West Virginia was part of the state of Virginia, and citizens residing in that area have thus been able to participate in every U.S. election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
See also
Elections in West Virginia
Notes
References
Skyline High School is a four-year public secondary school in Sammamish, Washington, a suburb east of Seattle. The third and newest high school in the Issaquah School District, it opened in the fall of 1997 and serves the district's northern portion. The school colors are green and silver and the mascot is a Spartan.
Overview
The campus is at the northern boundary of the school district, and straddles the apex of the Sammamish Plateau in the city of Sammamish, at an approximate elevation of above sea level.
For five academic years (2005–10), Skyline was a three-year senior high school (gr. 10–12). Its students fed from the Pacific Cascade Freshman Campus, a 9th-grade-only school which also included the freshman class for rival Issaquah High School. Prior to 2005, two middle schools directly fed Skyline: Beaver Lake and Pine Lake. Pacific Cascade was reassigned as a middle school (grades 6–8) in the fall of 2010 and the two high schools (Skyline and Issaquah) regained their freshmen classes.
To accommodate the return of the freshman class, Skyline underwent a significant renovation from 2007 to 2010 that added 24 new classrooms and science labs, a new black box theater and 3-D art room, and additional athletic facilities. Bassetti Architects was the architectural firm for the renovation.
Skyline is one of three high schools on the Sammamish Plateau, all close in proximity along 228th Avenue. Eastlake High School, in the Lake Washington School District, opened in 1993 and is about a mile (1.6 km) north of Skyline. Between the two public high schools is Eastside Catholic, a private secondary school which relocated to Sammamish in 2008.
Academics
Skyline has the reputation of being a competitive academic school, with an on-time graduation rate of 95.1%. Skyline offers the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma and Career-related Program to all juniors and seniors. Freshmen and sophomores who are accelerated in math also have access to IB Mathematics courses. Skyline offers a range of IB classes, which can be taken alongside standard classes.
Skyline also is part of the Running Start program. Running Start is a program that allows 11th and 12th grade students to take college courses at Washington's 34 community and technical colleges. The added bonus is the cost savings, as students receive both high school and college credit for these classes, thus accelerating their progress through the education system.
Athletics
With 19 varsity teams, 13 junior varsity teams and seven "C" teams, the athletic program provides opportunities for hundreds to compete.
Classification
Skyline competes in WIAA Class 4A, with the state's largest schools. SHS competed in 3A for its first seven years, then moved up to 4A for the 2004–05 and 2005–06 academic years. It dropped back to 3A for two years (2006–07 and 2007–08), then returned to 4A for 2008–09. Skyline is one of 9 schools in the KingCo 4A conference, along with Issaquah, Newport, Eastlake, Redmond, Bothell, Inglemoor, Mt. Si, and Woodinville. KingCo 4A is the only 4A conference in the state's SeaKing District Two, which includes Seattle and east King County.
State titles
Skyline's football program has seven state titles ((3A) 2000, (4A) 2005, (3A) 2007; (4A) 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012), and many alumni have played Division I college football. Skyline's dance team won a state title in the Dance category in 2019 and 1st overall in the pom category the following year. The girls' soccer team has five 4A state titles (2008, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2018), and the girls' swim and dive team won three consecutive 4A state titles (2009, 2010, 2011), beating the competition by over 50 points each time, as well as titles in 2015 and 2016.The boys swim and dive team won their first 4A state title in 2018. In track and field, the girls' team won the 3A state title in 2007. In Ultimate Frisbee, the Spartans went 7-1 during the regular season and won the 2013 Spring B-Division championship. The team later went on to win the Spring Reign B-Division Championship, one of the largest youth Ultimate tournaments in the country.
Notable alumni
Jake Heaps - Former NFL quarterback, Jake previously played for the New York Jets and the Seattle Seahawks. Jake Played college ball for the Miami Hurricanes football, Kansas Jayhawks and the BYU Cougars. Jake is currently the Head Coach for the Russel Wilson Passing Academy.
Kasen Williams - Former XFL and NFL wide receiver, Kasen played for the Seattle Dragons, and the Seattle Seahawks. Kasen also played college ball at the Washington Huskies
Adrian Sampson - RHP for the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers
Max Browne - Former Collegiate quarterback for the Pittsburgh Panthers, and the USC Trojans and is now a post-game analyst for USC on KABC (AM)
Riley Griffiths - Actor in the J. J. Abrams film Super 8 And a Defensive lineman at Montana State
Matisse Thybulle - NBA player for the Philadelphia 76ers, and formerly for the Washington Huskies men's basketball (attended for two years, before transferring to Eastside Catholic School)
Erin Hawksworth, news anchor and former sports analysis for CNN
Controversies
2014 rape and subsequent victim harassment campaign
In 2014, two members of the Skyline football team raped a 16-year-old girl. According to the lawsuit filed in October 2018 by the victim and her younger sister, the Issaquah School District refused to investigate the two players. The two individuals pleaded guilty in a juvenile court, and were forced to transfer out of Skyline.
Many Skyline students responded by starting a targeted harassment campaign of the victim to force her to transfer so the football players could come back. This included cyber-bullying, personal confrontations, firebombing the victims house, and planting drugs on her. In one instance, former Skyline football coach Brad Burmester responded "Preach on, brother" to a tweet saying that the victim should be the one to transfer.
After the victim's graduation the harassment was targeted towards her younger sister who continued to attend the school.
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1997
High schools in King County, Washington
International Baccalaureate schools in Washington (state)
Public high schools in Washington (state)
Schools in Sammamish, Washington
1997 establishments in Washington (state)
The Fairness is a Two-Way Street Act (Construction Labour Mobility) is a statute in Ontario, Canada, that was passed in 1999 and repealed in 2006. Quebec laws effectively made it nearly impossible for Ontario-owned construction companies and Ontario-trained tradespeople to work in Quebec. The Act retaliated by placing similar restrictions on Quebec-trained tradespeople and Quebec-based companies seeking work in Ontario.
Background
Both sides of the Ontario-Quebec border are highly populated with major population centres on both sides - Ottawa, Cornwall, and North Bay on the Ontario side, and Montreal, Hull, and Temiscaming on the Quebec side. There are also several bridge links across the Ottawa River that link communities on both sides. As a result, it is common for persons to live in one province and work in the other. For example, many federal government workers in Ottawa live in Hull to take advantage of lower child care fees or French-language schools.
However, by the 1990s, the labour market in the construction industry in Quebec was highly regulated and unionized. In addition, the province of Quebec favoured Quebec-based contractors when awarding large infrastructure projects. For example, Hydro-Québec essentially restricted the awarding of contracts to Quebec owned firms. Skilled tradespersons from Ontario found it nearly impossible to work in Quebec, as the provincial government supported Quebec's labour unions, which enforced closed shop regulations and strict limits on what trades could perform such work. Ontario workers found it impossible to join Quebec locals, even in the same union.
Moreover, Quebec's labour ministry often refused to recognize the qualifications of skilled Ontario trade persons which did not exactly match those of Quebec's defined trades. Ontario, which had a largely non-union labour force, had no such restrictions, and the Ontario government bid jobs freely to all comers. As a result, by 1998, there were seven times as many Quebec residents working in the construction trades in Ontario than there were Ontario residents working in those trades in Quebec.
From Quebec's perspective, the restrictions were justified. Most union members felt that Ontario firms were only competitive because they paid their workers lower wages. They also believed that Ontario firms often ignored Quebec's strong occupational health and safety laws. However, when construction jobs were not available in Quebec, many unionized labourers sought non-union jobs in eastern Ontario.
Passage of the legislation
Although the Ontario and Quebec governments reached an agreement in 1996 to allow more labour mobility, by 1998 it was clear that the situation had not improved - unemployment in Ontario's construction industry was higher than that in the province as a whole. The Progressive Conservative Mike Harris government passed the Fairness is a Two-Way Street Act in 1999 which had the following restrictions:
No Ontario government contract could be awarded to a firm that was based in a "restricted" province, although the only such province defined in the regulations passed under the Act was Quebec. This applied not only to the provincial government, but to municipal governments, school boards, and government enterprises such as Hydro One. The law also applied to subcontractors of the bidder. Quebec companies could not bid on any non-government work in the province without being registered with the Jobs Protection Office.
No worker from a restricted province could obtain employment in any of the construction trades in Ontario without registering with the Jobs Protection Office and obtaining a permit.
Although the legislation was passed in 1999, this was largely an attempt to force Quebec back to the bargaining table. However, the situation continued to worsen and the Act came into effect in 2002.
Effects
The Act had a limited effect on construction mobility, although the situation did not grow any worse. Many Quebec companies that hired large numbers of Ontario workers (such as SNC-Lavalin) were unintentionally restricted from bidding for contracts and had to be exempted from the effect of the Act. In addition, most Quebec companies of sufficient size set up an Ontario company in order to comply with the new law, which put most of the burden on smaller companies that could not afford to have a dual presence in both provinces.
Resolution
In 2006, Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty and Quebec Premier Jean Charest came to an agreement to remove the restrictions on Ontario workers. Chief among these was an agreement to allow Ontario firms to bid on jobs for Hydro-Québec in the Outaouais region, which has some of the largest spending on infrastructure in the province.
References
External links
Text of the Act at CanLII
Ontario provincial legislation
Labour legislation of Canada
1999 in Canadian law
1999 in Ontario
Repealed Canadian legislation
Housing legislation in Canada
Jonesboro is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
The 2010 FIA WTCC Race of UK (formally the 2010 FIA WTCC Marriott Race of UK) was the sixth round of the 2010 World Touring Car Championship season and the sixth running of the FIA WTCC Race of UK. It was held at Brands Hatch in Kent, England on 18 July 2010. The two races were won by Yvan Muller of Chevrolet RML and Andy Priaulx of BMW Team RBM.
Background
After the Race of Portugal, Chevrolet driver Muller was leading the drivers' championship while Sergio Hernández was leading the Yokohama Independents' Trophy.
Chevrolet RML ran an additional Chevrolet Cruze for triple Stock Car Brasil champion Cacá Bueno. Liqui Moly Team Engstler replaced regular driver Andrei Romanov with SEAT León Eurocup driver Tim Coronel. British Touring Car Championship regular Tom Boardman returned to the WTCC in a SUNRED Engineering run SEAT León TFSI. Volvo Olsbergs Green Racing joined the grid for the first of two events with their Scandinavian Touring Car Cup driver Robert Dahlgren.
Report
Free practice
Robert Huff topped the opening practice session of his home event on Saturday morning, the Chevrolet driver beating the BMW pairing of Andy Priaulx and Augusto Farfus. Gabriele Tarquini was the fastest SEAT driver in fourth. Colin Turkington was seventh in his eBay Motors run BMW, Boardman was thirteenth in his SUNRED SEAT and Harry Vaulkhard was the slowest of the local drivers, 22nd in his bamboo-engineering Chevrolet Lacetti. The session was interrupted when Michel Nykjær beached his car in the gravel trap at Paddock Hill bend.
Turkington led the final practice session, running three–tenths quicker than Alain Menu's Chevrolet. Wiechers-Sport driver Mehdi Bennani was black flagged for repeatedly exceeding the track limits.
Qualifying
With guest driver Dahlgren running inside the top ten during the practice sessions and Q1 in his nationally-homologated Volvo C30, the stewards decided to allow the fastest 11 drivers through into Q2, rather than the usual ten. In the end, Dahlgren could only manage 12th in Q1, allowing 11th-placed Tom Coronel through to Q2. Muller was quickest in Q1, ahead of Chevrolet teammates Huff and Menu.
Muller took pole position in Q2, with Huff and Menu second and third once again. Independent racer Turkington was fourth quickest, ahead of Tarquini and Priaulx.
Warm-Up
Turkington was quickest in the Sunday morning warm–up session, with Priaulx and Farfus behind completing a BMW 1–2–3. Pole sitter Muller was seventh behind the independent BMW of Kristian Poulsen.
Race One
Muller lead his Chevrolet teammates Huff and Menu away from the start of the first race. Tarquini moved ahead of Turkington for fourth, while Priaulx, who had to start 16th after an engine change, moved up to 12th. On lap four, Turkington regained fourth from Tarquini at the Druids hairpin. At the same time, Priaulx and teammate Farfus moved up to ninth and tenth past Fredy Barth, before passing eighth placed Norbert Michelisz. Farfus passed Tiago Monteiro for seventh, but Priaulx could not find a way through. Nearer the front, Menu was defending hard from Turkington, allowing Muller and Huff to escape ahead. Bueno pulled off in the fourth Chevrolet with an engine fire, bringing out the safety car. After the restart, Priaulx made a robust move on Monteiro for eighth and pole position for Race Two. On the penultimate lap Turkington got past Menu, who then dropped back on the final lap to seventh to get himself a front row start for Race Two.
Muller took the chequered flag ahead of Huff and Turkington. Tarquni and Tom Coronel finished fourth and fifth, ahead of Farfus, Menu and Priaulx.
Race Two
Farfus made a good start to Race Two from third on the grid to take the lead ahead of Priaulx and Menu. Further down, Barth and Poulsen made contact off the grid, putting Poulsen into the wall on the outside and giving Barth a slow puncture. At the end of the first lap, Boardman made contact with Monteiro, putting Monteiro out of the race. On lap three, Priaulx passed Farfus for the lead at Druids, with Menu attempting to follow him past the Brazilian. However, they made contact, putting Farfus into a spin and damaging Menu's steering. Turkington took advantage to move up to second behind Priaulx, with Tarquini, Coronel, Huff and Muller following.
Later on, Bennani hit Franz Engstler into a spin as the pair were fighting over tenth place. Muller passed Chevrolet teammate Huff for fifth. Farfus passed Boardman for ninth, before Boardman ran wide and retired from the race. Meanwhile, Bennani pushed Darryl O'Young into the gravel at Druids, bringing out the safety car. Farfus took eighth from Nykjær in the closing laps.
Priaulx crossed the line to take the victory ahead of Turkington and Tarquini. Coronel finished fourth ahead of Muller, Huff, Michelisz and Farfus.
Results
Qualifying
— Poulsen was originally classified fifteenth in Q1 but had all his times deleted for breaching parc ferme regulations.
Race 1
Bold denotes The Fastest lap.
Race 2
Bold denotes The Fastest lap.
Standings after the event
Drivers' Championship standings
Yokohama Independents' Trophy standings
Manufacturers' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of drivers' standings.
References
Results Booklet PDF at MST Systems
External links
World Touring Car Championship official website
UK
Race of UK
Meindert De Jong, sometimes spelled de Jong, DeJong or Dejong (4 March 1906 – 16 July 1991) was a Dutch-born American writer of children's books. He won the international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 1962 for his contributions as a children's writer.
Life
De Jong was born in the village of Wierum in the province of Friesland, Netherlands. (The correct Dutch and Frisian spelling of his surname is 'de Jong' when preceded by his first name or initials, and 'De Jong' when not.) The family emigrated to the United States in 1914. De Jong attended Dutch Calvinist secondary schools and Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and entered the University of Chicago, but left without graduating.
De Jong held various jobs during the Great Depression and began writing children's books at the suggestion of a local librarian. His first book, The Big Goose and the Little White Duck, was published in 1938. He wrote several more books before joining the US Army Air Corps during World War II, serving in China.
After the war, De Jong resumed writing, and for several years resided in Mexico. He returned for a time to Michigan. After settling in North Carolina, he returned to Michigan for the final years of his life.
Six of De Jong's books were illustrated by Maurice Sendak.
Awards
In 1962 De Jong won the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award for his lasting contribution to literature for young people. He was the first American recipient of the honor, the highest international recognition for a creator of children's books (later, for a writer or illustrator).
He was also recognized many times for particular works.
Shadrach and Hurry Home, Candy were both runners-up for the Newbery Medal in 1954.
The Wheel on the School won the U.S. Newbery Medal in 1955 and the second annual Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis in 1957 (in its German translation, Das Rad auf der Schule, with new illustrations by Marianne Richter). It was named to the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award list in 1963.
The House of Sixty Fathers received the Josette Frank Award (then named the Children's Book Award of the Child Study Association) in 1956. It was a Newbery runner-up in 1957.
Along Came a Dog was a Newbery runner-up in 1959.
Journey from Peppermint Street won the inaugural National Book Award in category Children's Books in 1969.
References
External links
Meindert De Jong at Harper Collins
1906 births
1991 deaths
American children's writers
Jong, Meindert de
Hans Christian Andersen Award for Writing winners
National Book Award for Young People's Literature winners
Newbery Medal winners
Newbery Honor winners
Jong, Meindert de
Calvin University alumni
United States Army Air Forces soldiers
Place of death missing
20th-century novelists
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
The London Borough of Hillingdon () is a large borough in West London, England. It was formed from the districts of Hayes and Harlington, Ruislip-Northwood, Uxbridge, and Yiewsley and West Drayton in the ceremonial county of Middlesex. Today, Hillingdon is home to Heathrow Airport (which straddles the border between Hillingdon and Hounslow) and Brunel University, and is the second largest of the 32 London boroughs by area.
The main towns in the borough are Hayes, Ruislip, Northwood, West Drayton and Uxbridge. Hillingdon is the second least densely populated of the London boroughs, due to a combination of large rural land in the north, RAF Northolt Aerodrome, and the large Heathrow Airport.
Governance
Administrative history
The borough was formed in 1965 from the Hayes and Harlington Urban District, Municipal Borough of Uxbridge, Ruislip-Northwood Urban District, and Yiewsley and West Drayton Urban District, all formerly in the ceremonial county of Middlesex. The councils involved were initially unable to decide upon a name, with Keith Joseph suggesting "Uxbridge" in October 1963, later revised to Hillingdon.
The coat of arms for the London Borough of Hillingdon was granted on 22 March 1965. Between 1973 and 1978, the borough's civic centre was built in Uxbridge.
Hillingdon Council
Hillingdon Council provides local government services in the borough, with its headquarters in the Civic Centre in Uxbridge. For administrative purposes, the borough is split into North and South Hillingdon.
The borough has an elected council, known either by the full name or as Hillingdon Council. It is split into wards represented by 65 Conservative and Labour councillors. A cabinet and leader are elected annually. The present leader of the council is Cllr. Ian Edwards of the Conservative Party. Elections for councillors are held every four years.
A Mayor is chosen yearly by councillors; the role is largely ceremonial. The present mayor is Councillor Roy Chamdal (Brunel Ward), who was elected on 20 May 2021.
Wards
The London Borough of Hillingdon is divided into a total of 22 wards:
London Assembly
In the London assembly elections, Ealing and Hillingdon Borough form a geographical constituency with one member as there are eleven London-wide members, currently from the four biggest parties. Conservative candidate Richard Barnes won the 2000, 2004 and 2008 elections, and since the 2012 election the Labour candidate Onkar Sahota has served as the area's designated member on the London Assembly.
At the same election in 2012 Conservative mayoral candidate Boris Johnson won the largest share of Hillingdon's votes in becoming elected Mayor of London for a second term.
Demographics
Population
From 2001 to 2011 the borough's population grew by 11.5% (4.4% above the England and Wales mean of 7.1%). By comparison Merton and Bromley grew by 4.5% and Tower Hamlets grew by 26.4%. The number of households increased from 2001 to 2011 by 3.3%, and the average number of people per household was 2.7.
Ethnicity
52.2% of the borough's population identified themselves as White British in the 2011 census. In the south-east of the borough, in particular Hayes there is a high population of South Asian residents.
The wards where Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic Residents comprise the largest racial groups are:
Barnhill (partly covering eastern Hayes, south of Yeading),
Pinkwell (mostly the area around the railway station in southern Hayes),
Townfield (Part of eastern Hayes and west of Southall),
Yeading (Eastern Hayes)
Whites as a whole form 60.6% of the borough, Asian residents 25.3%, and Black residents 7.3%. In addition, the most common language, English (81.2%), is followed by Punjabi (3.4%), Polish (1.5%), Tamil (1.4%) and Urdu (1.3%).
Parks and recreation
The borough maintains over 200 green spaces, totalling around . As much of the area is within the Metropolitan Green Belt it was, in 2008, one of the least densely populated of all the London boroughs; open spaces range in size from the Colne Valley Regional Park by the River Colne in the north of the borough, to smaller gardens and parks such as the Norman Leddy Memorial Gardens and Lake Farm Country Park in the south of the borough.
Council leader Raymond Puddifoot had given a promise that green-belt land in Hillingdon would be safe on his watch: 'I can give a categoric assurance that under this administration we will never see a threat to the green belt.' In August 2012, however, Mr Puddifoot announced plans to build on green-belt (and longtime common land) site Lake Farm in the south of the borough. Dismissing the discontent of residents in the south of the borough, the Conservative majority of the council's planning committee peremptorily rubber-stamped the plans in March 2013.
Harmondsworth Moor, a park owned by the borough, is administered by British Airways on behalf of the borough. After British Airways planned to create a new headquarters in 1992, the airline agreed to convert a former landfill site into Harmondsworth Moor.
The Grand Union Canal passes through Hayes, Yiewsley, Cowley and Uxbridge in the Borough. Ruislip Lido was built as a feeder reservoir for the canal, but was eventually disconnected and changed to become a recreational lido. Two Sites of Special Scientific Interest next to the canal, Frays Farm Meadows and Denham Lock Wood, are managed by the London Wildlife Trust.
The borough also operates children's centres, recreational areas for children of under five years of age and their families. The centres include: Barra Hall, Belmore, Cherry Lane, Colham Manor, Cornerstone, Cowley St. Laurence, Harefield, Hillside, McMillan Early Childhood Centre, Nestles Avenue, Oak Farm, and Uxbridge College (Hayes Campus).
The borough owns four theatres: the Beck Theatre in Hayes (which is operated on behalf of the borough by HQ Theatres Limited), the Compass Theatre in Ickenham, the Winston Churchill Theatre and Hall (part of the Manor Farm site) and the Open Air Theatre, Barra Hall Park in Hayes.
Sport and leisure
The Borough has seven Non-League football clubs:
A.F.C. Hayes, who play at Farm Park, Hayes.
Harefield United F.C., who play at Preston Park, Harefield.
Hayes & Yeading United F.C., who play at Skyex Community Stadium, Hayes.
Hillingdon Borough F.C. who play at the Middlesex Stadium, Ruislip.
Northwood F.C. who play at the Northwood Park Stadium, Northwood.
Uxbridge F.C. who play at Honeycroft, Yiewsley.
Wealdstone F.C. who play at Grosvenor Vale, Ruislip.
The borough is also home to Hillingdon Outdoor Activity Centre (HOAC), a water sports and activity centre. The center is home to a number of independently run sports clubs:
Queensmead Sailing Club
Hillingdon Rowing Club
Hillingdon Junior Canoe Club
Harrow Angling Club
Economy
Economic history
The south's former strong connection with industry has diminished since the 1980s to be replaced by a preponderantly residential suburban population; the north has remained a consistently residential suburban area, although with significant swathes of rural land. The borough's residential areas expanded with the extension of the Metropolitan Railway from Harrow on the Hill to Uxbridge in the early 20th century and the gradual establishment of stops along the line, becoming known as "Metro-land".
Contemporary economy
Hillingdon has a large economy by national standards, ranked 14th out of 408 local area districts in Britain, and ranked fifth out of the London boroughs.
British Airways is headquartered in Waterside, Harmondsworth, in Hillingdon. The building officially opened in 1998. Prior to the opening of Waterside, the airline's head office was the Speedbird House at London Heathrow Airport. An office of American Airlines is located at the Orient House (HAA3) within Waterside.
In 2007 Cadbury Schweppes announced it would be moving to Uxbridge from Mayfair to cut costs. The company later split and Cadbury plc moved to its new head office in Cadbury House in the Uxbridge Business Park in June 2008.
Guoman Hotel Management (UK) Limited has its head office in the Thistle London Heathrow in West Drayton.
British Midland International had its training centre in Stockley Close, West Drayton. Hellenic Imperial Airways had its United Kingdom offices in the Axis House in Harlington in the London Borough of Hillingdon. China Airlines had its UK office in the Hyde Park Hayes 3 (HPH3) in Hayes in the borough.
One of the predecessor organisations of British Airways, British Overseas Airways Corporation had its head office in the Speedbird House. The other predecessor, British European Airways had its headquarters in South Ruislip, as did BEA Helicopters. During its existence the airline British Eagle had its head office on the grounds of Heathrow Airport.
A 2017 study by Trust for London and New Policy Institute found that there is a 22% poverty rate in Hillingdon, slightly below the London-wide figure of 27%. It also found that 24% of Hillingdon's local employees are low-paid, narrowly above the London average of 21%.
Government facilities
London Heathrow airport is located in this borough and is one of the busiest airports in the world. It was originally used by the Royal Air Force.
The British Government's UK Visas and Immigration has two immigration removal centres: Colnbrook Immigration Removal Centre and Harmondsworth Immigration Removal Centre in Harmondsworth.
The borough includes RAF Northolt and the former sites of RAF Eastcote, RAF South Ruislip, RAF West Drayton, RAF Ruislip 4MU, RAF West Ruislip and RAF Uxbridge.
Education
The borough maintains seventeen libraries: Charville, Eastcote, Harefield, Harlington, Hayes End, Hayes, Ickenham, Manor Farm, Northwood Hills, Northwood, Oak Farm, Ruislip Manor, South Ruislip, Uxbridge, West Drayton, Yeading, and Yiewsley.
Hillingdon has undertaken the largest school expansion programme in London, ensuring that all children within the Borough can go to a school close to where they live.
In May 2011, Hillingdon Council received the Library Innovation of the Year award at the 2011 Bookseller Industry Awards.
Also within the borough is Brunel University and Uxbridge College's Uxbridge and Hayes campuses.
Transport
National Rail and London Underground stations in the borough are:
Eastcote tube station
Hatton Cross tube station
Hayes and Harlington railway station
Heathrow Central railway station
Heathrow Terminals 1, 2, 3 tube station
Heathrow Terminal 4 railway station
Heathrow Terminal 4 tube station
Heathrow Terminal 5 station
Hillingdon tube station
Ickenham tube station
Northwood Hills tube station
Northwood tube station
Ruislip Gardens tube station
Ruislip Manor tube station
Ruislip tube station
South Ruislip station
Uxbridge tube station
West Ruislip station
West Drayton railway station
In March 2011, the main forms of transport that residents used to travel to work were: driving a car or van, 34.5% of all residents aged 16–74; underground, metro, light rail, tram, 7.9%; bus, minibus or coach, 7.9%; on foot, 4.6%; train, 2.8%; work mainly at or from home, 2.6%; passenger in a car or van, 2.0%.
Proposals
The council announced in June 2011 that it would be lobbying Transport for London to have the Central line extended from West Ruislip station to Uxbridge station. Such a project would require a business case approved by TfL and the completion of signal upgrade work on the Metropolitan line.
The Royal Air Force station, RAF Northolt, is situated in South Ruislip near the A40 and the tube station. Most early RAF airfields were named after the nearest railway station; in this case Northolt Junction, the original name of South Ruislip station. The station has been redeveloped in recent years to house a number of additional military capabilities besides the RAF operations, and is popular with business people and politicians for private flights.
Town twinning
Hillingdon is twinned with:
Mantes-la-Jolie, France
Schleswig, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany
The borough has been twinned with the French town of Mantes-la-Jolie and the German town of Schleswig since the Hayes & Harlington Urban District created the link in 1958. The twinning programme was reviewed in 2011 and it was suggested that the link with Schleswig be ended owing to a lack of contact between the towns. In December 2011, the borough decided instead to end the link with a second German town, Emden, citing administrative problems.
See also
2010 Hillingdon Council election
Hillingdon local elections
Notes and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
Cotton, Carolynne. (1994) Uxbridge Past. London: Historical Publications
External links
Hillingdon Association of Voluntary Services
Index to all Hillingdon streets
List of parks and open spaces
Hillingdon
1965 establishments in the United Kingdom
Gail Johnson (later Buzonas; born 1954) is an American synchronized swimming competitor who won four gold medals at the world championships in 1973 and 1975. After retiring from competition she had a long career as a national synchronized swimming coach. In 1983, she was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
1954 births
Living people
American synchronized swimmers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in synchronized swimming
Synchronized swimmers at the 1975 Pan American Games
World Aquatics Championships medalists in synchronised swimming
Medalists at the 1975 Pan American Games
Luis Fishman Zonzinski (born 30 December 1947) is a Costa Rican politician. He was the President of the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica from 1998 to 1999. Fishman Zonzinski was elected as the Second Vice President of Costa Rica alongside Lineth Saborío Chaverri from 2002–2006, but never formally took office. In 2010, he was the Social Christian Unity Party's candidate for president in the general election.
References
1947 births
Living people
Presidents of the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica
Costa Rican people of Polish-Jewish descent
Vice presidents of Costa Rica
Social Christian Unity Party politicians
Joan Elliott Pickart (d. November 13, 2018) was an American writer of over 100 romance novels, who also wrote under the pen name Robin Elliott.
Biography
Pickart was one of three daughters of Robert G. Elliott, an Episcopal pastor in Detroit, Michigan and Douglas, Arizona. She graduated from Douglas High School before attending Arizona State University. In 1982, she was employed as a secretary at Amphitheater High School, Tucson, Arizona, when she began writing romance novels after taking a course at Pima Community College. Her first published novel, Breaking All the Rules, was bought by Bantam Books in winter 1983-84 for their Loveswept range, and appeared in summer 1984. Pickart then became a full-time writer, with Bantam immediately buying six more of her novels. By late 1985, a reviewer wrote that Pickart was "fast becoming one of Loveswept's most consistent and popular authors [who] brings an extra dimension of humanity to the characters she creates ... [In Midnight Ryder she] employs humor and honest emotion to keep readers involved. ... Pickart's sensual writing is ... all the more romantic for being understated." In Waiting for Prince Charming, she used "many original touches [in] a modern rendering of an old fairy tale".
Elliott was the co-founder of the Professional Writers of Prescott, a member of the national Romance Writers of America, the Phoenix Desert Rose Chapter of RWA, and a charter member and co-president of the Northern Arizona RWA.
Elliott was a single mother of four daughters. She lived in Prescott, Arizona.
Awards
1985: Best New Series Author of the Year from Romantic Times Magazine
Outstanding Achievement and Certificate of Recognition for Notable Attainment as an Author from the Society of Southwestern Writers
Two-time award finalist of Golden Medallion (RITA) of the Romance Writers of America
Bibliography
References
External links
Joan Elliott Pickart's Webpage in Fantastic Fiction's Website
Joan Elliott Pickart's Webpage in Harlequin Enterprises Ltd's Website
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American romantic fiction writers
American women novelists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
This is a list of association football clubs located in Kenya. For a complete list, see :Category:Football clubs in Kenya
Active teams
A
Administration Police
Admiral F.C.
A.F.C. Leopards
Agrochemical F.C.
Ascend F.C.
B
Bandari F.C. (Kenya)
Bacca F.C. (Kenya)
Bidco United F.C.
Busia United Stars F.C.
C
Chemelil Sugar F.C.
Coast Stars F.C.
Chania 237 F.Cf
D
Dagoretti Santos
F
Finlays Horticulture A.F.C.
G
G.F.C. 105
Gor Mahia F.C.
Gusii Shabana F.C.
Githurai sharks F.C
H
Homegrown F.C.
I
Iron Strikers F.C.
ipc Roysambu F.C.
Isebania F.C.
K
Kariobangi Sharks
Kakamega Homeboyz F.C.
Kangemi United F.C.
Karuturi Sports
Kenya Commercial Bank S.C.
Kenya Pipeline F.C.
Kisumu All Stars F.C.
Kenya School of Law
Kea Green Stars F.C.
Kibera A2Z F.C
L
Ligi Ndogo S.C.
M
Mahakama F.C.
Mathare United F.C.
Mathare Youth F.C.
Meru City FC
Ministry of Sports, Culture and the Arts
Modern Coast Rangers F.C.
Mombasa Sports Club
Muhoroni Youth F.C.
Mombasa Hamlets F.C
Mombasa Eagles Football Club
MUSOKOTO FC.
N
Nairobi City Stars
Nairobi Stima F.C.
Nakumatt F.C.
Nakuru Top Fry AllStars
Nzoia United F.C.
O
Oserian F.C.
P
Posta Rangers F.C.
R
Real Kisumu F.C.
Red Berets F.C.
Reunion F.C.
Rift Valley United F.C.
Raymond F.C.
S
Sofapaka F.C.
Sony Sugar F.C.
St. Joseph F.C.
Sunderland AFC Keroche
SHOFCO UNITED Kibera
Shabana FC
T
Talanta
Thika United F.C.
Timsales F.C.
Tusker F.C.
Thika Sporting club
U
Ulinzi Stars F.C.
Utawala F.C.
Sindo United
W
Wazito F.C.
West Kenya Sugar F.C.
Western Stima F.C.
West Ham
Y
Yanga F.C.
Z
Zoo Kericho F.C.
Zaka Sports Club
Women's clubs
Vihiga Queens FC
Thika Queens FC
Defunct teams
F
Feisal F.C.
M
Mumias Sugar F.C.
N
Nakuru AllStars (1961)
Nairobi Heroes F.C.
R
Rivatex F.C.
U
Utalii
References
Kenya
Football clubs
Football clubs
Neumayer is a lunar impact crater that lies near the southern limb of the Moon. At this location the crater appears much foreshortened and can only be observed during favorable librations. It is attached to the southeastern rim of the slightly larger crater Helmholtz. To the south-southwest is the crater Demonax, and east-southeast is Hale.
This is a worn crater formation with features that have been softened and rounded by a history of minor impacts. But the rim remains intact and has not been significantly reshaped or indented by notable craters. The only crater of note within the rim is a small craterlet on the floor near the northern rim. There are much smaller craters scattered across the nearly flat and level floor, but no significant ridges or a central peak. In short, this crater appears as just an old depression in the surface.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Neumayer.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
The ARTE Quartett was founded in 1995 by the saxophonists Beat Hofstetter, Sascha Armbruster, Andrea Formenti and Beat Kappeler.
Their musical style consists of contemporary music, jazz, and free improvisation. The four musicians have commissioned many works, often working collaboratively with a composer in developing a composition. The quartet has also arranged and composed original music which they often present at concerts with a thematic focus.
ARTE Quartett has performed concerts with Urs Leimgruber, Hans Feigenwinter, Terry Riley, Michael Riessler, Tim Berne, Fred Frith, Nick Didkovsky, Pierre Favre, Lucas Niggli and Rabih Abou-Khalil.
The quartet tours regularly, plays at various festivals and concert series, and has recorded with various national broadcast companies. Among the festivals and venues where the ARTE Quartett has played are: Centre Culturel Suisse, Paris (F); Meistersinger Festival, Nürnberg (D); Eremitage, Schwaz (A); Münchner Klaviersommer, München (D); Fest der Künste, St. Moritz (CH); Theater, Basel (CH); Centro Culturale Svizzero, Mailand (I); Istituto Svizzero, Rom (I); Melos-Ethos, Bratislava (SLK); Ultraschall, Berlin (D); Jazzfestival, Schaffhausen (CH); Queen Elizabeth Hall, London Jazz Festival (GB); Instant Chavirés, Paris (F); Bimhuis, Amsterdam (NL), FIMAV, Victoriaville (CA); Porgy & Bess, Vienna (AT); Stanser Musiktage, Stans (CH); Off-Beat Festival, Basel (CH).
Discography
Xylem with Urs Leimgruber (STV, 1999)
Saxophones with Pierre Favre, Michel Godard (Intakt, 2004)
Assassin Reverie with Terry Riley (New World, 2005)
Crash Cruise with Lucas Niggli (Intakt, 2007)
Still Urban with Fred Frith (Intakt, 2009)
The Big Picture with Fred Frith (Intakt, 2009)
Different Worlds (Marsyas, 2009)
Perpetual Delirium with Andreas Schaerer, Wolfgang Zwiauer (Budapest Music Center, 2015)
References
External links
Official site
Saxophone quartets
Chamber music groups
Swiss jazz ensembles
Musical groups established in 1995
Intakt Records artists
Andrea Hlaváčková and Lucie Hradecká were the defending champions, but Hlaváčková chose not to participate.
Hradecká chose to compete with Anabel Medina Garrigues and they became the new winners, after their won 6–7(2), 6–1, [10–5], against Timea Bacsinszky and Tathiana Garbin. This was the fourth straight time that Hradecká won the event in doubles, having won every time since the event's creation in 2007.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Doubles Draw
Doubles
Gastein Ladies
Gast
Gast
Carenum scaritoides is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Westwood in 1843.
References
scaritoides
Beetles described in 1843
{{Infobox concert tour|concert_tour_name=Louder Than Concorde Tour|album=Rock of the Westies|artist=Elton John|start_date=29 April 1976|end_date=17 August 1976|number_of_legs=2|number_of_shows=30 in United Kingdom 32 in North America 62 in Total|last_tour=Rock of the Westies Tour (1975)|this_tour=Louder Than Concorde Tour (1976)|next_tour=A Single Man Tour (1979)}}
The Louder Than Concorde Tour was a concert tour by English musician and composer Elton John, in support of his 10th studio album Rock of the Westies. the tour included two legs (United Kingdom and North America) and a total of 62 shows.
Tour
Elton and his band recorded the Blue Moves'' album (and No. 1 hit single Don't Go Breaking My Heart) in Toronto in March 1976, and began touring the UK on 29 April in Leeds. This leg of the tour, which included a midnight show in Glasgow, ended on 4 June in Cardiff. On 29 June 1976 in Landover, Maryland, the eastern half of the US got the newly named "Louder Than Concorde (But Not Quite As Pretty)" tour, a testament to the onslaught Elton and his ferocious band were delivering to a country in the midst of its Bicentennial celebration.
On 4 July 1976, Elton played Schaefer Stadium near Boston. Billie Jean King sang backing vocals and Elton slipped Holiday Inn in to the 20-song set list, a unique event on this tour. Part-way through this leg of the tour, Ray Cooper fell ill and was forced to miss roughly a dozen shows. Ever the punsmith, Elton declared that the missing percussionist was "Ray Cooper-ating from surgery."
The tour concluded in mid-August with a record-breaking seven sold-out nights at Madison Square Garden. For these shows, Elton and the band shared the stage with the New York Community Choir and performed encores with Kiki Dee, Alice Cooper and the drag queen, Divine. As this week was winding down, Elton notified the band that he was taking a break from touring and the group soon disbanded.
Tour dates
Set list
Grow Some Funk of Your Own
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road
Island Girl
Rocket Man
Hercules
Bennie and the Jets
Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding
Love Song (Lesley Duncan cover)
Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds (The Beatles cover)
Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me
Empty Sky
Someone Saved My Life Tonight
Don't Go Breaking My Heart
I've Got the Music in Me (Kiki Dee cover)
Philadelphia Freedom
We All Fall in Love Sometimes
Curtains
Tell Me When the Whistle Blows
Encore:
Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting
Your Song
Pinball Wizard (The Who cover)
Tour band
Elton John – lead vocals, piano
Davey Johnstone – lead guitar, acoustic guitar, backing vocals
Caleb Quaye – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Kenny Passarelli – bass guitar, backing vocals
Roger Pope – drums
James Newton Howard – keyboards, electric piano, synthesizer
Ray Cooper – percussion
Cindy Bullens – backing vocals
Jon Joyce – backing vocals
Ken Gold – backing vocals
References
External links
Information Site with Tour Dates
Elton John concert tours
1976 concert tours
This list includes the biological mothers of Safavid Shahs. There were eleven shahs (kings) of the Safavid Empire in ten generations. Throughout 235-years history the shahs were all members of the same house, the house of Safavid.
See also
Safavid dynasty family tree
References
Sources
Lists of Iranian women
Safavid
Women of Safavid Iran
Safavid imperial harem
Theme for a Broken Soul is an electronic and house music album by hip hop producer Madlib under the alias of DJ Rels. It was released on August 24, 2004 through Stones Throw Records. The album was inspired by the West London scene responsible for the short lived "broken beat" scene. Theme for a Broken Soul is really reminiscent to the West London sound which was heavily ruled by likes of 2000BLACK, Dego, Kaidi Tatham to mention a few.
Critical reception
Upon its release, Theme for a Broken Soul received generally favorable reviews from music critics. Josh Bush of AllMusic says "Madlib is surprisingly faithful here, each track sounding like it could be inserted on a broken beat mix album with few problems. Little character, to be sure, but solid results." Nikhil P. Yerawadekar of HipHopSite gave the album a three out of five, saying "This DJ Rels album, while never particularly offensive, is monotonous (most of its songs being in one narrow tempo range) and overall uninteresting. Madlib could have done a lot better than this album." Matthew Gasteier of Prefix Magazine gave the album a 6.0 out of ten, saying "Madlib often succeeds as DJ Rels, and he should be applauded for even trying to go in such a different direction. But save the applause for when you're on the dance floor. Personally, I'm staying home and putting on Madvillainy." Dan Mennella of RapReviews gave the album an eight out of ten, saying "When you're as well accomplished as Madlib is, you've earned the right to try something a little different like this. Heck, he's already made a career out of it."
Track listing
All tracks produced by DJ Rels
References
2004 albums
Madlib albums
Stones Throw Records albums
Albums produced by Madlib
St. Philip's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 129 West Mound Street in Circleville, Ohio. The first Episcopal service in Circleville was held on May 26, 1817, by the Rev. Philander Chase, who in 1819 became the first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio. The stone church building was built in 1866 in a mixed Gothic and Tudor Revival style and was consecrated in 1868. Besides its actual name, the church has been known as the "Little Church on the Mound," because it sits on the base of what was formerly one of Circleville's numerous Native American mounds that was historically known as "Mount Gilboa."
In 1918, the church was modified by the construction of a Tudor Revival structure that has since been used as a parish hall. Despite this addition, the church's historic integrity was not damaged, as both its Gothic Revival style and the addition's Tudor Revival style are meant to resemble older English structures. In recognition of its well-preserved historic architecture, St. Philip's was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
St. Philip's today is an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Southern Ohio. The Rev. David E. Getreu is the 43rd Rector.
References
External links
St. Philip's Episcopal Church website
Churches completed in 1866
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
Buildings and structures in Pickaway County, Ohio
Circleville, Ohio
Episcopal churches in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Pickaway County, Ohio
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
1866 establishments in Ohio
Alice Hall Farnsworth (October 19, 1893 – October 1, 1960) was an American astronomer. She was director of John Payson Williston Observatory at Mount Holyoke College from 1936 until her retirement in 1957.
Early life
Alice Hall Farnsworth was born in Williamsburg, Massachusetts, the youngest of four children of Frederick Tudor Farnsworth and Anna Caroline Tufts Farnsworth. As a child, she was an active reader of St. Nicholas magazine, submitting contest entries and winning prizes.
Farnsworth studied astronomy under Anne Sewell Young at Mount Holyoke College, earning her bachelor's degree in 1916; one of Young's other notable students at the time was astronomer Helen Sawyer Hogg. Farnsworth pursued graduate studies at the University of Chicago, where she earned a master's degree in 1917 and a Ph.D. in 1920. Her dissertation, A comparison of the photometric fields of the 6-inch doublet: 24-inch reflector, and 40-inch refractor of the Yerkes Observatory, with some investigation of the astrometric field of the reflector (University of Chicago Press 1926), was based on her research at Yerkes Observatory in Wisconsin.
Career
Farnsworth was elected to the membership of the American Astronomical Society in 1917. She returned to the astronomy department at Mount Holyoke after completing her doctorate. She taught astronomy courses, including darkroom skills. From 1929-1931 she was president of the American Association of Variable Star Observers. From 1930-1931 she was a visiting researcher and Martin Kellogg Fellow at Lick Observatory in California. She succeeded Anne S. Young as director of the Williston Observatory in 1936. In 1937, she was promoted to the rank of full professor. From 1938 to 1941, she served on the council of the American Astronomical Society. During a sabbatical in 1940-1941, she traveled to Brazil to observe a solar eclipse, in a small team of scientists led by Charles Hugh Smiley; she wrote about her time in South America for Popular Astronomy.
Farnsworth's research involved stars in a region of the constellation Cassiopeia, and stellar photometry; she also continued the Williston Observatory's studies of sunspots and lunar occultations. Publications by Farnsworth included "Proper Motions of Certain Long Period Variable Stars" (The Astronomical Journal 1921, with Anne Sewell Young), Zone + 45 ̊ of Kapteyn's selected areas: photographic photometry for 1550 stars (University of Chicago Press 1927, with John Adelbert Pankhurst), "Measurement of Effective Wave-Lengths with the Recording Microphotometer" (Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific 1931), A study of effective wave-lengths with the recording microphotometer ; Color changes in variable stars (University of California Press 1933), and "Stellar Spectra and Colors in Milky Way Region in Cassiopeia" (Astrophysical Journal Supplement 1955).
Personal life
Alice Hall Farnsworth died in 1960, aged 66 years, in Newton, Massachusetts. Her papers are in the Mount Holyoke College Archives and Special Collections.
References
External links
A photograph of Alice Hall Farnsworth with a student, Martha Hazen, working at (and lit by) a light table in Williston Observatory, in the early 1950s.
A photograph of the American Association of Variable Star Observers, including Alice Hall Farnsworth, taken at Yerkes Observatory in 1925, from the University of Chicago Library.
Robert Dale Hall, "Education of American research astronomers, 1876-1941" (Ph.D. dissertation, Oregon State University 1999).
Donald E. Osterbrock, Yerkes Observatory 1892-1950: The Birth, Near Death, and Resurrection of a Scientific Research Institution (University of Chicago Press 1997).
1893 births
1960 deaths
American women astronomers
Mount Holyoke College alumni
Mount Holyoke College faculty
People from Williamsburg, Massachusetts
University of Chicago alumni
St Mary de Crypt Church, Southgate Street, Gloucester GL1, is an Anglican Church, which was first recorded in 1140 as The Church of the Blessed Mary within Southgate. It is in the Diocese of Gloucester and is located adjacent to the ruins of Greyfriars. It has also been known as Christ Church and St. Mary in the South. St Mary de Crypt is a Grade I listed building.
History
The church was first recorded in 1140 and has played an important part in Gloucester's history since then.
The Crypt School was founded adjacent to the church in 1539 by Joan Cooke with money she inherited from her husband John, and the schoolroom still exists, although the school has now moved to larger premises. Mr and Mrs Cooke were both buried in the church and the north transept includes brasses to their memory.
In 1643, during the Siege of Gloucester in the First English Civil War, the church was used as an ammunition factory and store.
George Whitefield, one of the founders of Methodism, gave his first sermon at the church in 1736.
In 1811, Robert Raikes, the founder of Sunday Schools, was buried beneath the South Chapel. He had been baptised there in 1736.
In 1836, Jemmy Wood, The Gloucester Miser, was buried there.
In 1952, the parish was united with the parish of the former St Michael's Church.
In 2019, the church and Crypt schoolroom reopened after a two-year restoration project. Previously the buildings had fallen into disrepair and disuse, and were reopened for worship as well as a creative, community and events centre. The restoration project was primarily funded by a £1.36 million grant from the National Lottery Heritage Fund.
Architecture
The church was built in the 12th century and includes a number of surviving Norman features. One of the most significant is the well-preserved carved tympanum over the west door (opening into Southgate Street), which depicts the agnus dei (lamb and flag), symbols of the Resurrection of Christ, based on the Book of Revelation.
The church was rebuilt and extended in the late 14th century, incorporating some of the 12th- and 13th-century work, and further work was carried out in the 15th and 16th centuries. The crypt referred to in the name is at the western end of the nave. The nave is 15th century and includes a 17th-century Renaissance-style pulpit.
Records
The Registers of the church for 1653 to 1906 are held by the Gloucestershire Record Office.
References
External links
Gloucester, Southgate Street, St Mary de Crypt Grammar School.
Location map.
The War Memorial, St Mary de Crypt, Gloucester.
Church of England church buildings in Gloucester
Grade I listed churches in Gloucestershire
History of Gloucester
English churches with Norman architecture
Léon Guilain Bureau (12 August 1869 – 8 September 1954) was a Belgian soldier who served in administrative roles in the Ottoman Empire and the Belgian Congo.
Between 1918 and 1928 he was a deputy governor general in turn of Congo-Kasaï and Katanga.
Early years
Léon-Guillain Bureau was born in Spy, Belgium on 12 August 1869.
His parents were Hubert-Joseph Bureau and Anne-Marie Vigneron.
He married Berthe Guiot.
Bureau enlisted as a volunteer in the 12th Line Regiment on 2 February 1886.
On 13 November 1899 he was admitted to the Military School, and on leaving was promoted to second lieutenant on 6 February 1892.
Junior officer (1886–1898)
Bureau was assigned to the Carabiniers regiment, and technically spent his whole military career with that regiment.
In practice he spent almost all his career detached from the regiment.
On 4 December 1893 he was temporarily seconded to the Military Cartographic Institute, and a few days later left for the Congo.
He became a 2nd lieutenant of the Force Publique of the Congo Free State and was assigned to the Ubangi-Bomu region, where Georges-Édouard Le Marinel was preparing an expedition to the Nile.
The expedition was cancelled for political reasons, and Bureau returned to his regiment in Belgium.
Bureau was promoted to lieutenant on 26 June 1898, and the next day was appointed secretary of the prosecution of the Auditor General of the Military Court.
He held this position until June 1903.
Turkey (1898–1909)
On 29 September 1898 Bureau was again temporarily seconded to the Military Cartographic Institute.
He and three other officers were dispatched to Turkey to provide "technical assistance" to the Ottoman Empire in reorganizing the armed police of Rumelia.
The Sultan had been pressured into this by the European powers after disturbances in Macedonia in 1902–03.
Bureau was given the uniform and title of an major of the Ottoman Army.
Following his duties in Macedonia he helped reorganize the police of the Thessaloniki region, then was assigned to the gendarmerie in Istanbul.
On 26 March 1907 Bureau was promoted to staff captain (capitaine en second) in the Belgian army and was appointed inspector general and colonel of the police forces of European Turkey, and then director of the school that trained officers and police for this region.
He held the Turkish title of Bey.
In March 1909 Bureau returned to his regiment as a captain.
Congo (1911–1928)
On 7 January 1911 Bureau was again seconded to the Military Cartographic Institute and placed at the disposal of the Minister of Colonies for service in the Congo.
He went there with the rank of director and acting secretary general of the colony, and was soon made secretary general.
The former Congo Free State had been annexed by Belgium as the Belgian Congo, and Bureau helped define a policy based on the Colonial Charter, and an administrative framework consistent with this policy and with the economic development of the colony.
He was promoted to captain-commandant on 26 June 1911.
Bureau was in the Belgian Congo when World War I (1914–1918) broke out.
He requested early leave so he could fight on the Yser Front, and disembarked at Le Havre on 1 February 1915.
However, the Minister of Colonies told him he could render greater services in the Congo.
He was promoted to major on 12 February 1915 and returned to Boma to help with the colony's war effort.
In 1917 Bureau was made one the first vice-governors general of the Belgian Congo, along with Charles Tombeur, Adolphe De Meulemeester, Georges Moulaert and Martin Rutten.
He was assistant to the governor general, and was acting governor general several times.
He was promoted to lieutenant-colonel on 26 March 1918 and colonel in 1919 with eight , usually awarded only for service in the front line.
Bureau was deputy governor-general of the newly created Congo-Kasaï province from 18 October 1918 to 1922.
In May 1921 Rutten left for Europe.
Bureau acted as governor general until Maurice Lippens, the new governor general, reached Boma.
He was succeeded as governor of Congo-Kasaï by Alphonse Engels.
Bureau was deputy governor-general of Katanga Province from December 1923, succeeding Martin Rutten in this position.
Bureau wrote to the colonial minister on 4 January 1924, forwarding Dr. Emile Lejeune's report on labor conditions in the Huileries du Congo Belge (HCB).
He noted in his letter that, "Employers in Africa persist in blaming their failure to recruit workers on the indolence of the blacks, when the real cause is the fashion in which they treat those in their employ."
He was promoted to Major General on 26 December 1926.
Before leaving office Bureau presided over preparations in Elisabethville for the visit of King Albert and Queen Elisabeth in 1928.
He was succeeded in Katanga on 21 January 1928 by Gaston Heenen.
Retirement (1929–1954)
Bureau retired from the colonial service at his own request on 31 January 1929.
He asked to be spared active service in the army due to poor health, and was allowed to retire from the army on 21 March 1929.
On 26 June 1929 he was given the honorary title of Lieutenant General.
In retirement he was president of the water distribution board of the Congo and administrator of the Kilo-Moto gold mines and the Jules Van Lancker Company.
On 14 February 1934 Bureau was named as a member of the board of the in Antwerp.
Pierre Ryckmans was president.
As late as 1951 Bureau made a long journey to the Congo.
He died in Brussels on 8 September 1954.
Notes
Sources
1869 births
1954 deaths
People from Namur (province)
Belgian generals
Governors of Kasaï (former province)
Governors of provinces of the Belgian Congo
Governors of Katanga Province
Belgian expatriates in Turkey
Belgian colonial administrators
Organizational network analysis (ONA) is a method for studying communication and socio-technical networks within a formal organization. This technique creates statistical and graphical models of the people, tasks, groups, knowledge and resources of organizational systems. It is based on social network theory and more specifically, dynamic network analysis.
Applications
ONA can be used in a variety of ways by managers, consultants, and executives.
Network visualizations
There are several tools that allow managers to visually depict their employee networks. Most of the tools are built specifically for researchers and academics who study Network theory, but are relatively inexpensive to use, as long as the leaders are well-versed on how to capture the information, feed it into the tool in the correct formats, and understand how to "read" and translate the network graphs into business decisions.
Innovation Gauge
Several recent studies and research has highlighted that 'Psychological Safety' is the marker for an innovative team. This has been studied and published first by Google, in their Project Aristotle work as well as highlighted in New York Times and other research publications. Amy Edmondson is the preeminent scholar and researcher in this field who has worked across various industries to identify the benefits and even the characteristics of 'Psychological Safety' in teams.
ONA is now increasingly being used in this context to analyze the relationships developed within a given team, and for understanding how that team works as a unit to create this psychological safety for its members. This technique is more thorough than the traditional surveys, and can more objectively measure the emotional impact that colleague have on each other, and help leaders understand whether there are sufficient connections that can build the type of positive emotions necessary to create innovative teams.
Employee Engagement
Engagement surveys and other such culture surveys have become a mainstay of the workplace. However, one of the largest complaints from such surveys are that once managers see the results, often the aggregated sentiments of their employees, they are unsure of next steps and actions. Organizational Network Analysis, when combined with such engagement surveys, however change the way that leaders use and leverage these results. Because ONA allows managers to see the context behind the sentiments, they can actually understand how to correct or sustain these results. For example, if a company's engagement survey said 30% of the employees felt they are inadequately trained for their jobs, a manager would be perhaps inclined to either do nothing, or invest more in comprehensive training programs. However, doing an ONA alongside this might reveal to managers that employees are unhappy with training because they have limited access to institutional knowledge at the company. Then, instead of a training program, managers might simply work on ensuring their top knowledge hubs share their knowledge broadly, and have a longer, more sustainable improvement to the team's level of information and training.
References
Social networks
Systems theory
Workplace
Colin Meloy Sings Sam Cooke is a tour-only EP by Colin Meloy, lead singer of The Decemberists. It is the third in a series of EPs of covers of influential artists, which include works of Morrissey (Colin Meloy Sings Morrissey) and Shirley Collins (Colin Meloy Sings Shirley Collins). The EP was released to accompany his 2008 solo tour, and has five covers of songs previously performed by the American gospel, R&B, soul and pop singer Sam Cooke. Four songs were written or co-written by Cooke; one, "Summertime", is a pop standard that Cooke had performed in 1957. The artwork of the EP was designed by Carson Ellis, who has done much of the artwork for The Decemberists, and all of Colin Meloy's solo work. The EP includes vocals by Laura Gibson.
Track listing
"Cupid"
"Summertime"
"That's Where It's At"
"Good Times"
"Bring It On Home To Me"
References
Colin Meloy albums
2008 EPs
The 64th Wyoming State Legislature was a former meeting of the Wyoming Legislature lasting from January 10, 2017 to January 10, 2019.
The Republican Party held a supermajority in the legislature, which began meeting in 2013; 51 of the 60 seats in the House and 26 of the 30 seats in the Senate are held by Republicans.
Senate
Members of the Wyoming Senate
House
Leadership
Members of the Wyoming House of Representatives
References
Wyoming legislative sessions
Jukhia is a village and a gram panchayat in the Bhagabanpur II CD block in the Contai subdivision of the Purba Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Jukhia is located at .
Urbanisation
93.55% of the population of Contai subdivision live in the rural areas. Only 6.45% of the population live in the urban areas and it is considerably behind Haldia subdivision in urbanization, where 20.81% of the population live in urban areas.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Jukhia had a total population of 4,291, of which 2,226 (52%) were males and 2,065 (48%) were females. There were 462 persons in the age range of 0–6 years. The total number of literate persons in Jukhia was 3,524 (92.03% of the population over 6 years).
Education
The nearest college, Mugberia Gangadhar Mahavidyalaya at Mugberia, near Bhupatinagar was established in 1964. In addition to the courses in arts, science and commerce, it offers degree and post-graduate courses in physical education.
Culture
David J. McCutchion mentions the Radha-Govinda temple as a West Bengal navaratna temple with turrets having curved ridging, measuring 31' 6” square, and having been built in 1891–1901, rebuilt reincorporating terracotta carvings. The place is mentioned as Dheloa, possibly a neighbouring village with a similar name.
Jukhia picture gallery
Healthcare
Bhupatinagar Mugberia Rural Hospital at Bhupatinagar (with 30 beds) is the major government medical facility in Bhagabanpur II CD block
References
External links
Villages in Purba Medinipur district
The women's 100 metres at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 2 and 3 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Wind: -1.2 m/s
Semi-finals
3 September
Semi-final 1
Wind: -0.8 m/s
Semi-final 2
Wind: -1.3 m/s
Heats
2 September
Heat 1
Wind: -0.9 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: 0.4 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: 0.8 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: -0.8 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 23 athletes from 12 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(3)
References
100 metres
100 metres at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
College Ground may refer to:
College Ground, Cheltenham, a cricket ground in the grounds of Cheltenham College, England
College Ground, Loughborough, a former cricket stadium in Loughborough, Leicestershire, England, now occupied by Loughborough University Students' Union
College Ground, Bulsar, India, hosted five Ranji Trophy games in the 1970s
This is a list of television programs currently and formerly broadcast by Cartoon Network in Pakistan. The channel was launched on 2 April 2004. This includes shows from Cartoon Network Studios and Warner Bros. Animation.
Current programming
Original programming
Cartoon Network Studios
Warner Bros. Animation
Acquired
Former programming
The Amazing World of Gumball
Apple & Onion
Archie's Weird Mysteries
Ben 10: Omniverse
Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Chowder
Courage the Cowardly Dog
Craig of the Creek
Dexter's Laboratory
Dragon Ball Z
Generator Rex
Grizzy and the Lemmings
Looney Tunes Cartoons
¡Mucha Lucha!
New Looney Tunes
Nexo Knights
Oggy and the Cockroaches
OK K.O.! Let's Be Heroes
Power Players
The Powerpuff Girls
Powerpuff Girls Z
Snack World
Steven Universe Future
Super Shiro
Talking Tom & Friends
ThunderCats
ThunderCats Roar
Victor and Valentino
Programming blocks
Cartoon Network Popcorn
This block mostly airs movies from the Tom and Jerry, Scooby Doo, Ben 10, Batman and Superman franchises along with movies like We Bare Bears: The Movie, Firebreather and Monster Beach.
Pogo TV
Pogo block was restarted in January 2021 and only airs Grizzy and the Lemmings. The block was previously aired in 2008 and ended in 2013 featuring more shows. This block is taken from Indian channel Pogo (TV channel).
It's All About Action
A block that featured episodes of Ben 10: Alien Force, Ben 10: Ultimate Alien, and Ben 10: Omniverse.
References
Cartoon_Network-related_lists
Spirit of Peace is the fifteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1985 on Cicada. The first track was used by Werner Herzog as original motion picture soundtrack for his documentary The Dark Glow of the Mountains (original title "Gasherbrum – Der leuchtende Berg") about Reinhold Messner.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke except where noted.
"We Know About the Need" – 4:20
"Spirit of Peace" – 7:00
"Song of Earth" – 8:07
"Take the Tention High" (Fricke, Daniel Fichelscher) – 17:27
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano, vocals
Daniel Fichelscher – acoustic guitar
Renate Knaup – vocals
Guest musicians
Conny Veit – E-guitar
Bernd Wippich – E-guitar
Credits
Recorded at Quadrat Studio, Munich, March - June 1985
Recorded and mixed by Bernd Wippich
Produced by Florian Fricke and Popol Vuh
Cover concept by Florian Fricke
Cover design by Tormod Opedal and Erik Wollo
Liner notes
Words:
Yehung
Hand in Hand
External links
http://www.furious.com/perfect/populvuh.html (Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English)
https://web.archive.org/web/20080119183122/http://www.enricobassi.it/popvuhdiscografia80.htm (featuring the original credits)
http://www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/spirit.htm
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1985 albums
Iron, steel, and ferrous metals constitute a large portion of collections in museums. The conservation and restoration of iron and steel objects is an activity dedicated to the preservation and protection of objects of historical and personal value made from iron or steel. When applied to cultural heritage this activity is generally undertaken by a conservator-restorer. Historically, objects made from iron or steel were created for religious, artistic, technical, military and domestic uses. Though it is generally not possible to completely halt deterioration of any object, the act of conservation and restoration strives to prevent and slow the deterioration of the object as well as protecting the object for future use. One of the first steps in caring for iron is to examine them and determine their state, determine if they are corroding, and consider options for treatment.
The prevention and removal of surface dirt and corrosion products are some of the primary concerns of conservator-restorers when dealing with iron or steel objects, including nickel-iron meteorites. Conservation and restoration of iron and steel may begin with analysis of the environment that the objects will be stored and displayed in. Preventive conservation and understanding the agents of deterioration that affect the specific object are often considered some of the important first steps. A prerequisite for conservation and restoration of not only iron and steel, but also all collections items is systematic and well-managed, including documentation of the state of objects before, during and after treatment. Identification of materials and procedures used to produce objects and the results of any scientific research must be part of documentation, too. Last but not least, an integral part of the documentation must be a recommendation for further care of object. Once thorough documentation, analysis, and discussion has occurred, possible treatment techniques can be considered and performed on the objects.
Identification processes and analysis
Analysis and observation of collections objects when considering treatment and restoration occurs at all steps of the conservation process. Metal objects such as iron and steel share properties such as strength, conduction of heat and electricity, structure and more. It is important to understand the properties before conducting treatment. Recognizing the specific metal or alloy and construction of the object can help determine their susceptibility to corrosion and can narrow down which conservation measures can be used. Once the structure and composition of the object has been observed and identified, conservator-restorers can determine the state. Surface dirt and corrosion are among the most common issues with iron and steel objects. Throughout the analysis and identification process, conservator-restorers keep clear and detailed notes. This allows them to document the past, present and future of the object for use later. These notes include the observations as mentioned above as well as the recommendations for treatment.
Simple methods - visual examination, spot tests, specific gravity
Scientific methods - XRF, XRD, Particle-induced X-ray emission, LIBS, SEM, electrochemical techniques, metallography
Simple method - visual examination, spot tests
The Oddy test - for copper, silver, and lead
Scientific methods - xrd, SEM, metallography
Identification of materials associated with metals
Simple methods - visual examination, spot tests, specific gravity
Scientific methods - xrf, chromatography
Identification of technology used to produce objects
Simple methods - visual examination
Scientific methods - metallography, x-ray radiography, x-ray computed tomography
Treatment
Treatment considerations
When determining the best course of action in the treatment of a steel or iron object great care must be taken. The person treating the object is likely a conservator, restorer, curator, archaeologist or collections manager, though private collectors may choose to treat their own collections. A conservator with training in metals and objects would be the best choice for treating steel and iron objects. The safety and longevity of the object is the highest priority, ensuring the treatment will not cause further damage. Consideration must be given to the structural integrity, artist intent, and original context. By following the Code of Ethics by AIC the treatment plan will aid a conservator in making an informed and safe decision for treatment.
Cleaning
Cleaning should be determined after a condition report is completed and photographs are taken. Any previous repairs should be documented and reviewed prior to new treatment. The proposed cleaning method needs to be justified by the condition and desired end results of the object. Potential risks should be mentioned in the treatment report and justified as acceptable risk. Before cleaning and/or treatment occurs, the conservator-restorer should consult curators and experts in the field to gain perspective on the possible ramifications of action.
Mechanical cleaning
Scalpel
HEPA Vacuum
Cloth (moist or dry)
Cotton Swab
Aqueous cleaning
H2O - Deionized, Reverse Osmosis, or Distilled
Detergents
Chemical cleaning
Sodium Bicarbonate
Flitz Paste Polish
Maas
Mineral Spirits
Solvents
Ultrasonic
Painted objects
Painted objects can be cleaned with polar solvents (acetone, ethanol) and non polar solvents (hexanes and toluene) or solvent mixtures (xylene). When working with solvents a conservator will use best practices in health and safety. The use of personal protection equipment is recommended.
Structural consolidation
The treatment report will indicate what type of structural treatment should be used. If the item is missing hardware it can be replaced by adding matching or similar screws and rivets. Adhesives, soldering, and welding can be used to repair a damaged structure.
Protective coatings
Protective coatings can be good options for iron and steel objects. They help retain original appearance and protect against foreign bodies such as moisture and debris that can cause rust or corrosion.
Clear coatings - Permalac - Ormocer - Paraloid B-72
Waxes - Renaissance Wax - Cosmolloid 80 H - Dinitrol 4010 - Poligen ES 91009
Oils - Ballistol - WD-40
Lacquers
Enamels
Archaeological objects
Archaeological objects made from steel and iron are man made and often constructed as tools. These items give anthropologists and archaeologists insight into peoples of different times and cultures. Archaeological iron objects are susceptible to active corrosion cause by chloride ions present in burial sites. This corrosion can take the form of sweating or weeping which leaves yellow, brown, or orange droplets on the surface in environments with an RH above 55%.
Cleaning
Mechanical methods should be used for cleaning (scalpel, micro-motor and steel brushes and abrasive discs, micro sandblasting unit, ultrasonic chisel).
Structural consolidation
Adhesives should be used, ensure reversibility of adhesive prior to conducting treatment. Glass fibre reinforcements can be used as well.
Stabilization
alkaline sulphite treatment
NaOH/ethylenediamine treatment
low-temperature hydrogen plasma treatment
subcritical fluids treatment (40 atm., 180 C, 0,5% NaOH)
cathodic polarisation
See also
Conservation and restoration of ceramic objects
Conservation and restoration of copper-based objects
Conservation and restoration of glass objects
Conservation and restoration of ivory objects
Conservation and restoration of metals
Conservation and restoration of silver objects
References
Iron
Conservation and restoration of cultural heritage
Steel
USAV General Frank S. Besson Jr. (LSV-1) is the lead ship of the General Frank S. Besson Jr.-class roll-on/roll-off of US Army.
Design
Named in honor of Gen. Frank S. Besson Jr., former Chief of Transportation, U.S. Army, these ships have bow and stern ramps and the ability to beach themselves, giving them the ability to discharge 900 short tons of vehicles and cargo over the shore in as little as four feet of water, or 2,000 short tons as an intra-theater line haul roll-on/roll-off cargo ship. The vessel's cargo deck is designed to handle any vehicle in the US Army inventory and can carry up to 15 M1 Abrams main battle tanks or 82 ISO standard containers.
Construction and career
She was acquired by the US Army on 19 September 1987 and commissioned in 1988 into the 335th Transportation Detachment, 7th Expeditionary Transportation Brigade. She is homeported in Fort Eustis.
Gallery
References
External links
Navsource – Photo Gallery
Frank S Besson Class LSV Logistic Support Vessel
LSVs at globalsecurity.org
Photo gallery: Family tour aboard the LSV-7 Kuroda | The Honolulu Advertiser
LSV-8 USAV MG Roberts Smalls – a set on Flickr
Army Commissions Vessel Named after African-American Civil War Hero, S.C. Statesman
Robert Smalls Official Website
Ships built in the United States
1987 ships
General Frank S. Besson-class support vessels
Punta Martin is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 1001 metres.
Nature conservation
The mountain and its surrounding area are part of a SIC (Site of Community Importance) called Praglia – Pracaban – M. Leco – P. Martin (code: IT1331501).
References
Mountains of the Apennines
Mountains of Liguria
Martin
Natura 2000 in Italy
Pleuranthodium pelecystylum is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Karl Moritz Schumann, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Pleuranthodium pelecystylum is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
pelecystylum
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
This is a list of electoral districts or ridings in Canada for the 1904 federal election.
Electoral Districts are constituencies that elect Members of Parliament in Canada's House of Commons every election.
Nova Scotia - 18 seats
Annapolis
Antigonish
Cape Breton South
Colchester
Cumberland
Digby
Guysborough
Halifax*
Hants
Inverness
Kings
Lunenburg
North Cape Breton and Victoria
Pictou
Richmond
Shelburne and Queen's
Yarmouth
Prince Edward Island - 4 seats
King's
Prince
Queen's*
New Brunswick - 13 seats
Carleton
Charlotte
City and County of St. John
City of St. John
Gloucester
Kent
King's and Albert
Northumberland
Restigouche
Sunbury—Queen's
Victoria
Westmorland
York
Quebec - 65 seats
Argenteuil
Bagot
Beauce
Beauharnois
Bellechasse
Berthier
Bonaventure
Brome
Chambly—Verchères
Champlain
Charlevoix
Châteauguay
Chicoutimi—Saguenay
Compton
Dorchester
Drummond—Arthabaska
Gaspé
Hochelaga
Huntingdon
Jacques Cartier
Joliette
Kamouraska
L'Assomption
L'Islet
Labelle
Laprairie—Napierville
Laval
Lévis
Lotbinière
Maisonneuve
Maskinongé
Mégantic
Missisquoi
Montcalm
Montmagny
Montmorency
Nicolet
Pontiac
Portneuf
Quebec County
Quebec East
Quebec West
Quebec-Centre
Richelieu
Richmond—Wolfe
Rimouski
Rouville
Shefford
Sherbrooke (Town of)
Soulanges
St. Anne
St. Antoine
St. Hyacinthe
St. James
St. Johns—Iberville
St. Lawrence
St. Mary
Stanstead
Témiscouata
Terrebonne
Three Rivers and St. Maurice
Two Mountains
Vaudreuil
Wright
Yamaska
Ontario - 86 seats
Algoma East
Algoma West
Brant
Brantford
Brockville
Bruce North
Bruce South
Carleton
Dufferin
Dundas
Durham
Elgin East
Elgin West
Essex North
Essex South
Frontenac
Glengarry
Grenville
Grey East
Grey North
Grey South
Haldimand
Halton
Hamilton East
Hamilton West
Hastings East
Hastings West
Huron East
Huron South
Huron West
Kent East
Kent West
Kingston
Lambton East
Lambton West
Lanark North
Lanark South
Leeds
Lennox and Addington
Lincoln
London
Middlesex East
Middlesex North
Middlesex West
Muskoka
Nipissing
Norfolk
Northumberland East
Northumberland West
Ontario North
Ontario South
Ottawa (City of)*
Oxford North
Oxford South
Parry Sound
Peel
Perth North
Perth South
Peterborough East
Peterborough West
Prescott
Prince Edward
Renfrew North
Renfrew South
Russell
Simcoe East
Simcoe North
Simcoe South
Stormont
Thunder Bay and Rainy River
Toronto Centre
Toronto East
Toronto North
Toronto South
Toronto West
Victoria
Waterloo North
Waterloo South
Welland
Wellington North
Wellington South
Wentworth
York Centre
York North
York South
Manitoba - 10 seats
Brandon
Dauphin
Lisgar
Macdonald
Marquette
Portage la Prairie
Provencher
Selkirk
Souris
Winnipeg
British Columbia - 7 seats
Comox—Atlin
Kootenay
Nanaimo
New Westminster
Vancouver City
Victoria City
Yale—Cariboo
Northwest Territories - 10 seats
Alberta
Assiniboia East
Assiniboia West
Calgary
Edmonton
Humboldt
Mackenzie
Qu'Appelle
Saskatchewan
Strathcona
Yukon - 1 seat
Yukon
External links
Maps of ridings
*returned two members
1903-1907
Boorowa, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales was created in 1880 and abolished in 1904.
Election results
Elections in the 1900s
1901
Elections in the 1890s
1899 by-election
1898
1895
1895 by-election
1894
1891
Elections in the 1880s
1889
1887
1885
1882
1880
Notes
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
The variable limestone babbler (Gypsophila crispifrons) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae.
It is found in the limestone hills of northern and eastern Thailand northwest to southern Myanmar. Two other Gypsophila species, the Annam limestone babbler (G. annamensis) and the rufous limestone babbler (G. calcicola) were previously considered subspecies of crispiforns, but a 2020 study found them to be distinct species.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
variable limestone babbler
Birds of Laos
Birds of Thailand
Birds of Vietnam
variable limestone babbler
variable limestone babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The HD Mountains are located in southwest Colorado. They are part of the San Juan Mountain range, which are part of the Rocky Mountains.
External links
San Juan Mountains
Save the HD Mountains
Too Wild to Drill (PDF)
San Juan Mountains (Colorado)
Landforms of La Plata County, Colorado
Mountain ranges of Colorado
Ranges of the Rocky Mountains
The 1992 NCAA Skiing Championships were contested at the Wildcat Mountain Ski Area in Jackson, New Hampshire as the 39th annual NCAA-sanctioned ski tournament to determine the individual and team national champions of men's and women's collegiate slalom and cross-country skiing in the United States.
Vermont, coached by Chip LaCasse, claimed their fourth overall team championship and third as a co-ed team.
Venue
This year's NCAA skiing championships were hosted by the Wildcat Mountain Ski Area near Jackson, New Hampshire.
These were the sixth championships held in the state of New Hampshire (previously 1958, 1964, 1970, 1978, and 1984).
Program
Men's events
Cross-country, 20 kilometers classical
Cross-country, 10 kilometer freestyle
Slalom
Giant slalom
Women's events
Cross-country, 15 kilometers classical
Cross-country, 5 kilometer freestyle
Slalom
Giant slalom
Team scoring
DC – Defending champions
See also
List of NCAA skiing programs
References
1992 in sports in New Hampshire
NCAA Skiing Championships
NCAA Skiing Championships
1992 in alpine skiing
1992 in cross-country skiing
Bitts are paired vertical wooden or metal posts mounted either aboard a ship or on a wharf, pier or quay. The posts are used to secure mooring lines, ropes, hawsers, or cables. Bitts aboard wooden sailing ships (sometime called cable-bitts) were large vertical timbers mortised into the keel and used as the anchor cable attachment point. Bitts are carefully manufactured and maintained to avoid any sharp edges which might chafe and weaken the mooring lines.
Use
Mooring lines may be laid around the bitts either singly or in a figure-8 pattern with the friction against tension increasing with each successive turn. As a verb bitt means to take another turn increasing the friction to slow or adjust a mooring ship's relative movement.
Mooring fixtures of similar purpose:
A bollard is a single vertical post useful to receive a spliced loop at the end of a mooring line.
A cleat has horizontal horns.
References
Watercraft components
The Yesvantpur Ahmedabad Weekly Express is a passenger train that runs from Yesvantpur in Bangalore to Ahmedabad. The train traverses 1798 km.
Service
The average speed of the train is 52 km per hour. The train belongs to the South Western zone and is an AC mail and express train type.
From 2 May 2014, the train number has changed to 14805/14806, and a new station, Barmer, was added to the journey.
Coaches
The train doesn't have an AC 1st tier coach; it has the AC 2nd and AC 3rd tier coaches, sleeper coaches and unreserved coaches; it has second class coaches also.
References
Transport in Ahmedabad
Transport in Bangalore
Railway services introduced in 1989
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Karnataka
Rail transport in Gujarat
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Alan Kirketon was the Archdeacon of Totnes from 1433 until 1443.
In 1426 he was appointed Canon of the second stall at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, a position he held until 1443.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Canons of Windsor
Big Spring, Texas was home to several minor league baseball teams between 1928 and 1955. The Hamlin Pied Pipers moved from Hamlin, Texas to Big Spring during the 1928 season and became the Big Spring Springers, who finished 6th in the West Texas League that season, 21 games out of first place under manager Armistead "Army" Magness.
The team changed its name to the Big Spring Cowboys the following year and were at one point during the season managed by Nick Carter. They dissolved following the season.
In 1938, the Big Spring Barons joined the West Texas–New Mexico League, before they moved to Odessa, Texas during the 1940 season and became the Odessa Oilers. They were replaced the following season by the Big Spring Bombers, an affiliate of the Brooklyn Dodgers, but that team only lasted one season.
The Wichita Falls Spudders moved to town in 1942 and took on the name of the Big Spring Pirates but only lasted for part of the month of June and only played road games till the league shut them down on June 20.
In 1947, the Big Spring Broncs started playing in the Longhorn League. They were the most successful team from Big Spring as they won the championship in 1949. They became the Big Spring Cosden Cops in 1955, named after the 1929 eviction of Native Americans from oil land purchased by James Cosden.
References
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Washington Senators minor league affiliates
New York Yankees minor league affiliates
1928 establishments in Texas
1955 disestablishments in Texas
Defunct baseball teams in Texas
Baseball teams disestablished in 1955
Baseball teams established in 1928
Aliabad-e Takeh (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Taḵeh; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 5 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Tetragammoth is the 2002 debut album by alternative hip hop artist Baracuda72. Most of the album's production was handled by Orphan, the Plague Language collective's most prolific producer at the time.
The track "Deadly Rays", featuring Plague Language affiliate Noah23, was released as a split single with the track "Crypto Sporidian" from Noah23's album Quicksand. Both tracks were produced by Orphan.
Track listing
"Tetragammoth" (ft. StapleMouth)
"The Pattern That Lies Beneath Us"
"Waking Life Moment"
"Human Development"
"Deadly Rays" (ft. Noah23)
"Ice Age"
"Royal City Chainsaw Massacre"
"Unpardonable Sins"
"Dental Plan" (ft. Noah23)
"Mulberry Skies"
"Snap"
"Satellites" (ft. Livestock)
"Mutagen" (ft. Hangnail & Modulok)
"Rain Buckets"
"Duplicate Version" (ft. Noah23)
"Regime"
Production credits
Tracks 1, 5-10 & 14-16 produced by Orphan
Tracks 2 & 13 produced by Lovely
Track 3 produced by Sseleman
Track 4 produced by Northstar
Track 11 produced by Bionix
Track 12 produced by Warhol
References
2002 debut albums
Collector is a small village on the Federal Highway in New South Wales, Australia halfway between Goulburn and the Australian Capital Territory. It is seven kilometres north of Lake George. At the , Collector and the surrounding district had a population of 376 people.
History
The area was first settled by Europeans in 1829 when Terence Aubrey Murray was granted an area of land in the area in 1829, originally called Old Collector. Murray acquired further land in the area and renamed his property Winderradeen where he built a 12-room house on the land in 1837. At about the same time he also acquired the property of Yarralumla on the Limestone Plains, now Government House. A post office opened at Collector in 1848. The village reportedly is named after the Aboriginal name for the region, colegdar. The town was bypassed in June 1988 as part of upgrade works on the Federal Highway, including the construction of a bridge across the Collector Creek floodplain providing all weather access to Canberra. The village has struggled to remain viable, once a convenient stopover for travellers between Sydney and Canberra most of the businesses in town had relied on the passing trade.
The Bushranger Hotel in Collector was the site of a shooting of a Constable Samuel Nelson on 26 Jan 1865, by John Dunn, a member of Ben Hall's gang. A memorial was placed to mark the site of Nelson's grave a century later on 26 January 1965.
Heritage listings
Collector has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
24 Church Street (Federal Highway): Bushranger Hotel
Present day
Collector is situated in the Lake George wine region, and several wineries have been established near the village, including Lerida Estate, Lake George Winery and the award-winning Collector Wines. The Collector Village Pumpkin Festival has been held annually since 2003. This traditional harvest festival offers market stalls, live music and entertainment, local produce as well as vintage car and farming machinery displays. Collector is increasing in popularity as a commuter town due to its proximity to the larger centres of Goulburn and Canberra, with new residents attracted by the country lifestyle and village atmosphere. There is a small public primary school located in the village, with 28 students enrolled in 2007.Collector Public School is a combined Primary school, serving years K-6. The uniform is compulsory and enforced. Collector Public School is 1 of 231 government schools in the Collector area.
Dreamer's Gate
Collector is also famous for the controversial sculpture Dreamer by Tony Phantastes, built between 1993 and 1997 to commemorate, among other things, his father and son's life. His artistic vision was to create a wonderland to document the history of Australian land-use practices. A Gothic structure of cement and chicken wire, the artist and the Gunning Shire Council are in constant battle regarding the structure since 1999. The plot in which the sculpture stands was for sale and the sculpture itself under demolition orders but still stands as of May 2021. Unfortunately, the piece has started to rust and has become structurally unstable.
References
Further reading
Exploring the ACT and Southeast New South Wales, J. Kay McDonald, Kangaroo Press, Sydney, 1985
Towns in New South Wales
Southern Tablelands
Upper Lachlan Shire
Yass Valley Council
Queanbeyan–Palerang Regional Council
The Railway Engineer Regiment () is a military engineer regiment of the Italian Army based in Castel Maggiore in the Emilia Romagna. Today the regiment is administratively assigned to the army's Engineer Command and is NATO's only unit capable of railway construction and operation.
History
Formation
During the American Civil War Union railway troops built of railroad and of railroad bridges. The usefulness of these troops was noted in the Kingdom of Italy and on 30 September 1873 the Italian defense minister Cesare Ricotti-Magnani ordered that each of the two engineer regiments of the Royal Italian Army was to form two railway construction companies and three railroad operations companies. On 2 July 1895 these railway companies were combined in the battalion-sized Railway Brigade, which consisted of four railway construction companies and two railroad operations companies. In October 1910 the brigade was elevated to regiment with the following structure:
Railway Engineer Regiment , in Turin
I Railway Engineer Battalion
II Railway Engineer Battalion
Transport Battalion
Railway Operations Section
Turin Depot
Rome Depot
One of the companies assigned to the new regiment, the 6th Diggers Company of the 2nd Engineer Regiment, had distinguished itself during crossing of the Macerone pass on 20 October 1860 during the Third Italian War of Independence and arrived with a Bronze Medal of Military Valour, which was affixed to the flag of the newly raised regiment.
World War I
During World War I the regiment mobilized two more railway engineer battalions, twelve railway construction companies, one railway operations battalion, four decauville companies, and 177 photoelectric sections, which operated searchlights along the Italian Front. During the conflict the regiment's units built of railway, of decauville trench railways and 144 bridges. The regiment began to operate the Chivasso–Ivrea–Aosta railway in 1915 and after World War I it also began to operate the Bolzano-Meran-Mals railway in the newly annexed province of South Tyrol.
World War II
During World War II the regiment mobilized 13 railway engineer battalions and three railroad operation battalions. The battalions saw service in Libya and Tunisia during the Western Desert Campaign and Tunisian Campaign, in Southern Ukraine as part of the Italian Expeditionary Corps in Russia, in Yugoslavia, Albania, Greece and France. In 1941 the 9th Company of the IV Railway Engineer Battalion built a combined road and rail bridge over the Corinth Canal, using an Austrian Roth-Waagner-Brückengerät. The same battalion repaired the bridge over the Gorgopotamos river after the British-Greek Operation Harling had successfully destroyed the bridge on 25 November 1942. Another bridge repaired by the regiment's troops was the Stampetta Bridge in Slovenia. The regiment's I Railway Engineer Battalion served in Ukraine and Russia, where during the Battle of Arbuzovka the battalion fought in the frontline as infantry, earning a War Cross of Military Valour. After Italy changed sides with the Armistice of Cassibile on 8 September 1943 and the regiment and its battalions were disbanded by the Germans.
Cold War
On 15 December 1949 the Railway Engineer Battalion was reformed as part of the 2nd Bridge Engineer Regiment. On 1 January 1954 the Railway Battalion became an autonomous unit and the process of reforming the Railway Engineer Regiment began. On 1 October 1957 the regiment was officially reformed with the following structure:
Railway Engineer Regiment , in Turin
Command Company
I Railway Engineer Battalion, in Castel Maggiore
II Bridge Engineer Battalion, in Legnago
Railway Operations Company
On 1 January 1962 the regiment received the VI Army Corps Engineer Battalion in Bologna and on 1 February 1964 the II Bridge Engineer Battalion returned to the 2nd Bridge Engineer Regiment. On 1 July 1965 the Railway Operations Company was elevated to II Railway Engineer Battalion (Operations). The battalion returned to operate the Chivasso–Ivrea–Aosta railway in 1949. With the 1975 army reform the VI Army Corps Engineer Battalion was disbanded on 31 October 1975.
On 8 October 1977 floodwaters of the Toce river swept the railway bridge of the Domodossola–Milan railway between Fondotoce and Feriolo away and the Railway Engineer Regiment was called up to rebuild the bridge. On 27 May 1978 the new bridge was opened and traffic between Milan and the Simplon Railway could resume. For its work the regiment was awarded a Bronze Cross of Army Merit.
Recent times
After the Bosnian War the regiment was deployed from 1996 to 1998 to Bosnia-Herzegovina to repair the long Novi Grad–Bosanska Otoka–Martin Brod–Strmica railway in Northern Bosnia, which was heavily damaged during the war. For its service in Bosnia-Herzegovina the regiment was awarded a Silver Medal of Army Valour. On 1 December 1997 the regiment passed from the Tuscan-Emilian Military Region to the army's Engineer Grouping, which on 10 September 2010 became the Engineer Command.
In July 1999 after the Kosovo War the regiment was deployed to Kosovo, where the regiment operated the Skopje–Kosovo Polje–Pristina railway, and repaired/operated the Kosovo Polje–Peć and Klina–Prizren railways. The regiment returned to Italy in December 1999. For its service in Kosovo the regiment was awarded a Gold Cross of Army Merit.
In 2001 the regiment ceded the operation of the Chivasso–Ivrea–Aosta railway to the Ferrovie dello Stato and on 1 February 2002 the regiment activated the Operations Battalion in Ozzano Emilia, which received some of the troops and equipment of the 2nd Railway Engineer Battalion (Operations) in Turin, before the latter disbanded on 31 August of the same year and reformed as 32nd Engineer Battalion the next day. The new Operations Battalion was disbanded on 31 October 2017 and its functions and personnel merged into the 1st Railway Engineer Battalion.
Current structure
As of 2019 the Railway Engineer Regiment consists of:
Regimental Command, in Castel Maggiore
Command and Logistic Support Company
Railway Engineer Battalion
1st Railway Engineer Company
2nd Railway Engineer Company
Technical Support Company
Training Company
The Command and Logistic Support Company fields the following platoons: C3 Platoon, Transport and Material Platoon, Medical Platoon, Commissariat Platoon, and EOD Platoon. The regiment possess its own diesel locomotives, rolling stock and railway construction cars.
External links
Italian Army Website: Reggimento Genio Ferrovieri
References
Engineer Regiments of Italy
Rail transport in Italy
A fulmar is a tubenosed seabird of the family Procellariidae/
Fulmar also may refer to:
Aerospace
Fulmar (rocket), a British rocket
Aerovision Fulmar, a Spanish unmanned aerial vehicle
Fairey Fulmar, a British carrier-borne fighter aircraft
Ships
Fulmar (1868), a ship that sank off the coast of Kilkee, County Clare, Ireland, in 1886
, a United States Bureau of Fisheries research vessel in commission from 1919 to 1933–1934
, more than one United States Navy ship
Fairey Fulmar (yacht), a 20-foot yacht built by Fairey Marine Ltd, sister class to the Fairey Atalanta
Other uses
Fulmar, a variant of the Frankish name Folmar or Folcmar.
Fulmar Oil Field, in the North Sea off Scotland, and its Fulmar Alpha (Fulmar A) oil platform
Fulmar Gas Line, a natural gas pipeline which transports natural gas from the central North Sea to St Fergus, Scotland
Fulmar Formation, an Upper Jurassic sandstone formation which forms the reservoir within the Fulmar oilfield and other oil fields in the North Sea
RAF Lossiemouth, a military airfield in northeast Scotland formerly known as HMS Fulmar
See also
Fulmer (disambiguation)
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in North Carolina, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1789, North Carolina has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864, during the American Civil War, when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy. North Carolina did not participate in the 1788–89 United States presidential election, as it did not ratify the Constitution of the United States until months after the end of that election and after George Washington had assumed office as President of the United States.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections from 1792 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all 15 of North Carolina's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
Election of 1788 to 1789
North Carolina did not participate in the 1788–89 United States presidential election, as it did not ratify the Constitution of the United States until months after the end of that election and after George Washington had assumed office as President of the United States.
See also
Elections in North Carolina
Notes
References
Kiley Joy Gaffney is an Australian rock musician and performance artist. Before signing to Warner (WEA) in 1995, she worked in theatre (acting and singing) and the art world (performance).
She released two albums with Warner, Bitter Fluff (August 1997) and Sweet Meat(early 2001), writing and playing most of the instruments on the former and writing, producing and playing everything on the latter.
Outspoken and ardently political, Gaffney completed a PhD and then worked as an academic at Queensland University of Technology.
Personal life
Gaffney has lived with Paul Curtis, a talent manager, since 1994 – the couple were introduced by Regurgitator's Quan Yeomans, her label mate and managed by Curtis. Gaffney and Curtis have two children.
Publications
Discography
Albums
Bitter Fluff (August 1997)
Sweet Meat(early 2001)
Extended plays
Punk Rok Chik (1996)
Singles
"Postman" (1996)
References
Further reading
Note: [on-line] version established at White Room Electronic Publishing Pty Ltd in 2007 and was expanded from the 2002 edition.
Australian stage actresses
Australian women singers
Australian educators
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Australian performance artists
Australian women artists
Ernest Lister (June 15, 1870June 14, 1919) was an American politician who served as the eighth governor of Washington from 1913 to 1919.
Biography
Born in Halifax, England, Lister immigrated with his family in 1884, to be near his uncle, who was mayor of Tacoma, Washington.
Career
Lister began working as an iron-molder in his brother's foundry in Tacoma. He operated a foundry and woodworking shop as well as working in real estate and insurance. He owned Lister Construction Company from 1903 to 1912, and President of Lister Manufacturing Company. He married Mary Alma Thornton on February 28, 1893, and they had two children, Florence and John Ernest. He was elected to the Tacoma City Council in 1894 as a Populist. After a successful management of Governor John Rankin Rogers' campaign in 1896, Lister was appointed chairman of the State Board of Control.
Lister became the only elected Democrat (but the first to be elected outright into the office as a member of that party) in Washington's executive branch of government when he was elected in 1912. He was sworn into the office on January 11, 1913, re-elected in 1916, and remained in it until his death six years later. As governor, he supported agricultural aid, irrigation and reclamation projects, and state industrial accident insurance. He vetoed legislation that would have denied civil rights to members of the Industrial Workers of the World. And his efforts helped bring the eight-hour work day to the Pacific Northwest. He became ill during his second term and relinquished his office to the Lieutenant Governor.
Death
Lister died one day before his forty-ninth birthday, on June 14, 1919, from heart and kidney disease, in Seattle, Washington. He is interred at Tacoma Cemetery, Tacoma, Washington.
See also
List of governors of Washington
References
Further reading
Available online through the Washington State Library's Classics in Washington History collection
External links
Washington Secretary of State
National Governors Association
1870 births
1919 deaths
English emigrants to the United States
People from Halifax, West Yorkshire
Politicians from Tacoma, Washington
Washington (state) city council members
Governors of Washington (state)
Washington (state) Democrats
Washington (state) Populists
Democratic Party governors of Washington (state)
19th-century American politicians
Lakeview Heights is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
"The Beta Test Initiation" is the fourteenth episode of the fifth season of the sitcom The Big Bang Theory. The episode premiered on January 26, 2012 on CBS.
The episode received generally positive reviews from television critics, who praised its humor and considered it to be one of the show's better episodes.
Production
The story and concept were created by series co-creator Chuck Lorre and writers Steven Molaro and Eric Kaplan. The teleplay was written by co-creator Bill Prady, and writers Dave Goetsch and Maria Ferrari, and was directed by Mark Cendrowski.
Plot
Leonard and Penny have resumed dating, but agree to take things slow and treat their relationship like a "beta test". Both agree to report and fix their problems with the "software" objectively rather than get angry at one another. Leonard gives Penny a "bug report" on her problems, but goes overboard, listing endless faults, which angers her. In return, she also writes her own "bug report" where she insults his own habits. Realizing his mistake, Leonard contacts Penny's father to learn about her childhood hobbies and arranges their next date at a firing range. The date goes well until Leonard accidentally shoots himself in the toe. Escorting Leonard home from the hospital with only a minor bruise on his toe, Penny assures him that their relationship is progressing smoothly.
Meanwhile, Raj buys a new iPhone 4S which Howard Wolowitz helps him unwrap. Raj falls in love with the iPhone's virtual assistant, Siri, which freaks out and bothers Howard and Bernadette. Raj later experiences a dream where he meets Siri as a beautiful woman but finds he cannot speak to her due to his selective mutism.
Reception
Ratings
"The Beta Test Initiation" was originally broadcast on January 26, 2012, in the United States between 8:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. It gained 16.13 million viewers. In the United States it earned a rating of 5.4 in the 18–49 demographic.
Critical reception
The episode received positive reviews from commentators. Kristen Elizabeth of TV Equals noted the "episode was a great example of how The Big Bang Theory works best as an ensemble." She enjoyed Raj's dinner party and the manner in which his "creepy" behavior disturbed Howard and Bernadette. R. L. Shaffer of IGN found that the episode "felt a lot more along the lines of the first two seasons" since the fans got "to watch our nerds do what they do best – nerd out". R.L. Shaffer liked Sheldon's "Fun with Flags" series, calling it "one of the season's funnier gags." He enjoyed the approach to Penny and Leonard's date, though he would have liked to see Penny fire off a few rounds at the shooting range in order to see Leonard feel emasculated. Carla Day of TV Fanatic wrote that "this episode was a winner because all three storylines were full of laughs" and was delighted that Penny and Leonard were back together and that the show is funnier due to their relationship. Day found that Amy made a good sidekick for Sheldon during the flag telecast, especially as the pretzel, though "Raj and Siri provided the best laughs".
References
External links
The Big Bang Theory episodes
2012 American television episodes
Home Credit & Finance Bank or HCFB is a private retail bank headquartered in Moscow. It was registered by the Bank of Russia in 1992 under the name Innovation Bank "Technopolis". In 2002, after the acquisition of 100% share by the international group Home Credit, the bank began to work under the name of LLC "HCF Bank" (ХКФ банк).
It ranked 35th in terms of assets, and it was among the top 15 banks in the Russian retail lending market. It possessed the following ratings of Russian and international rating agencies: Fitch — "CC", Expert RA — "ruA-" and ACRA — "A(RU)". In November 2020, the bank was headed by Dmitry Peshnev-Podolsky. Under his leadership, Home Credit Bank is preparing for the next step of digital transformation and business diversification process.
Home Credit Russia is the one from two, the largest subsidiaries of the group of the same name. HCFB (including Kazakhstan operations) reported a net profit of 3.7 billion Ruble in 1H2020, as against 15.8 billion Ruble during 2019.
Activity
Through the wide branch network in Russia (more than 116 thousand points of sale) and online channels, HCFB offers POS loans and installments, unsecured cash loans, credit and debit cards, deposits. The bank is one of the two Russian instalment card issuers in the country and develops its product under the Svoboda brand. Together with its sister companies "Always YES" (Credit Brokerage) and "Forward Leasing" (Leasing), HCFB forms an ecosystem of loans for purchases.
HCFB was the inventor in Russia of the business idea of interest-free instalments, which since 2007 were launched in large retail chains in the format of 0-0-24, 0-0-10. In 2017, the bank was the first in Russia to launch a marketplace of goods purchased in installments. Home Credit Russia had a market share to 22% within POS loans as of end 2019.
In 2018, the bank was the first to issue a loan with completely remote customer identification through a . In 2020, HCFB was the first to implement the possibility of purchasing goods in instalments directly on the social network VKontakte.
Key indicators
Table 1. Key performance indicators, per years (in Russian Ruble Millions, MRUB)
References
External links
Banki.ru : HCF Bank
Gallery
Banks of Russia
Companies based in Moscow
Banks established in 1990
1990 establishments in Russia
UniCubeSat-GG is a Miniaturized satellite built by the Sapienza University of Rome. It was launched into Low Earth Orbit on the maiden flight of Arianespace's Vega rocket on 13 February 2012. The launch was a multi-payload mission shared with LARES, ALMASat-1, Goliat, MaSat-1, PW-Sat, ROBUSTA, e-st@r and Xatcobeo.
UniCubeSat-GG is a 1-U cubesat design with a mass of 1 kg. Its primary mission is to study the effects of orbital eccentricity through the Earth's gravity gradient.
References
External links
GAUSS Srl - Group of Astrodynamics for the Use of Space Systems
UniCubeSat-GG
Satellites orbiting Earth
CubeSats
Satellites of Italy
Spacecraft launched in 2012
Spacecraft launched by Vega rockets
2012 in Italy
Alfred Hochstrasser is a Romanian/Banat-born, German-raised composer and music record producer based in New York City. He is the Executive Producer and Owner of Music Beast, a music production company in Manhattan specializing in original music for advertising, and has worked with artists including Britney Spears, Smokey Robinson, Cyndi Lauper, Celia Cruz and The Black Eyed Peas. Hochstrasser's work has also been used in television and film.
His music has been featured in advertisements for Coca-Cola, McDonald's, Ford, Hugo Boss, Godiva and Hasbro, among others. Hochstrasser received an award for Excellence in Musical Composition from the Association of Independent Commercial Producers for his work with Tanqueray in 2006, and was invited to compose music for director David LaChapelle's advertisement for Passionata featuring Isabeli Fontana in 2007. Hochstrasser also composed music for the 1999 film Trick, which appeared in the Sundance and Berlin film festivals that same year. His songs and underscoring for a live theatrical production of "The Jungle Book" have been performed around Germany.
Hochstrasser served as the music producer for Tokyo Disney Resort's theme music in 2011 and as Music Producer/Composer in 2012. Hochstrasser has received mention in articles about modern music production for visuals in publications including Billboard Magazine, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times and SHOOT magazine, and was interviewed for the book Who Killed the Jingle? How a Unique American Art Form Disappeared by Steve Karmen.
Hochstrasser is a graduate of Berklee College of Music, where he majored in film scoring.
References
External links
MusicBeast.com
American record producers
American male composers
21st-century American composers
Berklee College of Music alumni
Living people
21st-century American male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Colin Francis Douglas (9 September 1962) is a former Scottish footballer who played as a centre forward and right back for Doncaster Rovers and Rotherham United. He is second in the list of players who have made the appearances in all competitions for Doncaster behind James Coppinger.
Playing career
Youth
Douglas attended St Joseph's Academy in Kilmarnock. He began as wing half playing for Kilmarnock Colts, then in February 1977 moving to Ayr United. He was at Bellfield Boys Club before moving to Celtic in 1980.
Celtic
His first senior club was Celtic, then managed by Billy McNeil. He only played one game for them on 6 October 1980 in the semi final of the Glasgow Cup against Queen's Park where he scored his first senior goal in the 76th minute in a 2–0 victory.
Doncaster Rovers (1st period)
In summer 1981 he was signed by manager Billy Bremner of Doncaster, coming on as substitute to play his first match on 5 September in a 2–2 draw against Bristol City at Ashton Gate in Division 3. He scored his first goal 10 days later in a 1–1 draw at Chesterfield in the League Cup. As a 20-year-old, he went on to score 5 goals in 49 appearances that first season. In 1985, he was a member of the Rovers side that beat then high flying QPR in the third round of the FA Cup. His time at the club ended after an incident on the team coach with manager Dave Cusack.
Rotherham United
Initially on loan, Douglas started up front for the Millers, then moved to playing full back following an injury.
Doncaster Rovers (2nd period)
He was brought back to Doncaster in 1988 by manager Dave Mackay. "Duggie" was famed for his "never say die" attitude, and was named player of the year for the 3rd time in 1991. He ended his career at Doncaster with a record of 468 appearances (444 starts) in all competitions.
Later career
He moved to Bridlington Town who played their Northern Premier League Premier Division home games that season at Doncaster Rovers Belle Vue ground, and then on to be player manager of Armthorpe Welfare and Hatfield Main before returning to Armthorpe as a player in July 2002.
References
External links
Colin Douglas at DoncasterRovers.co.uk
1962 births
Association football forwards
Association football defenders
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Armthorpe Welfare F.C. players
Hatfield Main F.C. players
Hatfield Main F.C. managers
English Football League players
Living people
People educated at Saint Joseph's Academy, Kilmarnock
Scottish footballers
Footballers from East Ayrshire
Celtic F.C. players
Scottish football managers
Astro microbiology, or exo microbiology, is the study of microorganisms in outer space. It stems from an interdisciplinary approach, which incorporates both microbiology and astrobiology. Astrobiology's efforts are aimed at understanding the origins of life and the search for life other than on Earth. Because microorganisms are the most widespread form of life on Earth, and are capable of colonising almost any environment, scientists usually focus on microbial life in the field of astrobiology. Moreover, small and simple cells usually evolve first on a planet rather than larger, multicellular organisms, and have an increased likelihood of being transported from one planet to another via the panspermia theory.
Planetary exploration
The search for extraterrestrial microbial life have focused mostly on Mars due to its promising environment and close proximity; however, other astrobiological sites include the moons Europa, Titan and Enceladus. All of these sites currently have or have had a recent history of possessing liquid water, which scientists hypothesize as the most consequential precursor for biological life. Europa and Enceladus appear to have large amounts of liquid water hidden beneath the layers of ice that covers their surfaces. Titan, on the other hand, is only planetary body besides Earth with liquid hydrocarbons on its surface. Mars is the main area of interest for the search for life primarily because of convincing evidence that suggests surface liquid water activity in recent history. Furthermore, Mars has an atmosphere containing abundant amounts of carbon and nitrogen, both essential elements needed for life.
Discoveries
So far, the search for microbial life in extraterrestrial locations have been less than successful. The first of such attempts, occurred through NASA's Viking program in the 1970s, in which two Mars landers were used to conduct experiments that searched for biosignatures of life on Mars. The landers utilized robotic arms to collect soil samples into sealed containers that were brought back to Earth. The results were largely inconclusive, although some scientists still dispute them.
In 2008, Russian cosmonauts reported findings of sea plankton living on the outside surfaces of the International Space stations windows. They have yet to find explanations for the discovery, but it seems to have been a result of human contamination, though this may never be proven.
Currently, the Mars Science Laboratory mission has a rover on Mars that continues to be operational. Launched on 26 November 2011, and landing at Gale Crater on 6 August 2012, its goals are to assess the habitability of Mars' environment – amongst its collection of data for Martian geology, climate and availability of water, are instruments that search for biosignatures daily. Thus far, its results have not been fruitful.
Future missions
Experimentation
Earth
Many studies on Earth have been conducted to collect data on the response of terrestrial microbes to various simulated environmental conditions of outer space. The responses of microbes, such as viruses, bacterial cells, bacterial and fungal spores, and lichens, to isolated factors of outer space (microgravity, galactic cosmic radiation, solar UV radiation, and space vacuum) were determined in space and laboratory simulation experiments. In general, microorganisms tended to thrive in the simulated space flight environment – subjects showed symptoms of enhanced growth and an uncharacteristic ability to proliferate despite the presence of normally suppressive levels of antibiotics. In fact, in one study, trace (background levels) of antibiotic exposure resulted in acquisition of antibiotic resistance under simulated microgravity. The mechanisms responsible for explaining these enhanced responses have yet to be discovered.
Space
The ability of microorganisms to survive in an outer space environment was investigated to approximate upper boundaries of the biosphere and to determine the accuracy of the interplanetary transport theory for microorganisms. Among the investigated variables, solar UV radiation had the most harmful effect on microbial samples. Among all the samples, only lichens (Rhizocarpon geographicum and Xanthoria elegans) fully survived the 2 weeks of exposure to outer space. Earth's ozone layer greatly protects against the deleterious effects of solar UV, which is why organisms typically are unable to survive without ozone protection. When shielded against solar UV, various samples were able to survive for long periods of times; spores of B. subtilis, for example, were able to proliferate in space for up to 6 years. The data support the likelihood of interplanetary transfer of microorganisms within meteorites, called lithopanspermia hypothesis.
Mars
Modern technology has already allowed us to use microbes to assist us in extracting materials on Earth, including over 25% of the our current copper supply. Similarly, microbes could help serve a similar purpose on other planets to mine resources, extract useful materials, or create self-sustaining reactors. The most promising of these candidates known to date is cyanobacteria. Billions of years ago, cyanobacteria originally helped us create a habitable Earth by pumping oxygen into the atmosphere, and manage to exist in the darkest corners of the Earth. Cyanobacteria, along with some other rock-eating microbes, seem to be able to withstand the harsh conditions of the vacuum of space without much effort. On Mars, however, cyanobacteria will not even have to endure such harsh conditions.
Scientists are currently working on the possibility of installing bioreactors or similar facilities on Mars, which would run entirely on cyanobacteria and provide material for the creation of fuel cells, soil crust formation, regolith amelioration, extraction of useful metals/elements, nutrient release into the soil, and dust removal; a variety of other potentially useful functions are also in the works.
References
Microbiology
450 Park Avenue (also known as Franklin National Bank Building) is an office building on Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan in New York City. The building has 33 floors and is tall.
450 Park Avenue has a steel skeleton with concrete floors. The exterior is dominated by black granite and glass. The building was designed by Emery Roth & Sons and developed by Peter Sharp. Adjacent to the building is a public plaza, a privately owned public space, with benches.
History
In June 2002, 450 Park Avenue was purchased by Taconic Investment Partners. That company spent around $13 million on renovating the lobby, replacing the elevators, and redesigning public areas.
Five years later, in June 2007, Somerset Partners bought 450 Park Avenue for $509 million, or . This made it the highest price per square foot paid for an office building at the time in the United States. To pay for the building, Somerset Partners signed a $175 million loan. In mid-2008, Somerset Partners also moved its head office to the building.
On October 30, 2010, a brand of the Phillips de Pury auction house opened on the first three floors of 450 Park Avenue. The first auction was held on November 8 of that year. The auction house covers an area of almost .
In February 2014, 450 Park Avenue was sold to Crown Acquisitions and Oxford Properties for $545 million.
Location
450 Park Avenue is located in Midtown Manhattan on Park Avenue between East 56th Street and East 57th Street. There are four New York City Subway stations in the immediate vicinity of the tower: (), (), (). and ().
450 Park Avenue borders two buildings, including 432 Park Avenue to the southwest and a branch of Turbull & Asser to the west. On the other side of East 57th Street is the Davies Building and on the other side of Park Avenue is 445 Park Avenue. Other striking buildings in the immediate vicinity of 450 Park Avenue are Trump Tower, Four Seasons Hotel New York, Sony Tower, and the General Motors Building.
References
External links
Emporis - Franklin National Bank Building Accessed on 4 July 2014
SkyscraperPage.com - Franklin National Bank Building Accessed on 4 July 2014
Emery Roth buildings
Midtown Manhattan
Office buildings completed in 1972
Office buildings in Manhattan
Park Avenue
Skyscraper office buildings in Manhattan
Mélissa Ouimet is a Franco-Ontarian singer and songwriter.
Career
After graduating from the Collège Lionel-Groulx with a degree in music, Ouimet joined the musical groups The Soldouts in 2007 to tour through east Asia, playing in hotel bars in cities such as Hong Kong, Seoul, and Kuala Lumpur. In 2008, before the group travelled onwards to the Middle East, she left the group, citing homesickness and a desire to launch a solo career.
In 2015, she auditioned for La Voix, but failed to get past the blind auditions.
In March 2016, she was signed to Disques Musicor. Later that year, she released her first album, Personne ne pourra m'arrêter (No One Can Stop Me).
In April 2018, she released an EP, titled Amours jetables.
On 6 December 2018, she released a remake of her song Personne ne pourra m'arrêter, featuring a number of other French-Canadian singers, to promote the 2018 Franco-Ontarian Black Thursday protests.
In February 2019, she returned to La Voix, covering Like The Way I Do by Melissa Etheridge. Later that year, she won an award at the 2019 Gala Trille Or.
In 2020, the Association canadienne-française de l'Ontario named her to the Ordre de la francophonie de Prescott et Russell.
In early 2021, she released a new single and announced plans to release an EP in October that year. In May 2021, she was among over 100 musicians that signed an open letter to Nathalie Roy, the Québec Minister of Culture and Communications, calling for increased funding for arts.
Personal life
Ouimet is from St. Albert, Ontario, daughter of Réjean Ouimet, who has served as general manager of the Fromagerie St-Albert. She graduated with a bachelor's in arts from the University of Ottawa in 2013.
References
External links
Mélissa Ouimet - Official website
Franco-Ontarian people
Canadian singer-songwriters
French-language singers of Canada
Canadian women singers
People from the United Counties of Prescott and Russell
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Shri Jagannath Medical College and Hospital is a full-fledged tertiary Government medical college in Puri, Odisha, approximately 7 km from the world famous Jagannath Temple, Puri and 28 km from Konark Sun Temple. The college is located at the Samangara area of Puri city. The college imparts the degree Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS). It is recognised by the Medical Council of India.
Selection to the college is done on the basis of merit through the National Eligibility and Entrance Test. Yearly undergraduate student intake is 100 & the first session has commenced from 2021. All the necessary staff, faculties and doctors have already been appointed by the Odisha Govt under DMET. The Director of Medical Education and Training Prof. Dr. C.B.K. Mohanty has recently inspected the newly established medical college and stated that all the necessary work related to infrastructure and administration is almost done. SJMCH at Puri has been built at a cost of around 300 crores on an area of 33 acres, and it is the eighth government medical college in the state.
As the college becomes functional, 100 additional medical seats will be added to the existing seat pool in the state, reports the daily. Then the total intake capacity of eight medical colleges in the State will be 1,350. As mandated under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY), the District Headquarters Hospital (DHH) will be linked to the medical college for clinical activities. Accordingly, the DHH has been upgraded. This tertiary care hospital is set to meet the healthcare demands of the busiest tourist destination of Odisha, which earlier used to depend on SCB Medical College, Cuttack. "Though, it will be the 8th Medical college set up by the Govt. of Odisha but is soon expected to climb up the ranks and be amongst the top few Medical colleges of Odisha, and later, of India" said Dr. Arup Mishra. As per the sources, specialist doctors have shown great interest in joining the new Hospital because of its prime location & 24*7 transport facilities available via rail & road, making it a very easily accessible place in Odisha.
History
The Government of Odisha approved the proposal of the establishment of Medical college at Puri and it was named as Sri Jagannath Medical College. But the medical college establishment got delayed and missed the 2019 deadline.
The college has got permission from the National Medical Commission and is all set to admit 100 undergraduates from academic year 2021–22.
Courses offered
The college offers the degree Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) under Utkal University with an annual intake of 100. It is recognised by the Medical Council of India.
References
Medical colleges in Odisha
Universities and colleges in Odisha
Educational institutions established in 2017
2017 establishments in Odisha
Union College is a private college in Barbourville, Kentucky. The college was founded in 1879 and is affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Union's approximately 825 undergraduate students represent 27 states and 9 countries.
Union's campus is in southeastern Kentucky. Approximately 44 percent of the students live in three residence halls and the apartments on campus.
Location
Approximately east of Interstate 75, the city of Barbourville sits in the Appalachian Mountains surrounded by four state parks filled with falls, lakes and streams. The campus itself includes more than 100 gently rolling acres covered in overhanging elms, mountain laurel and Georgian architecture. The Wilderness Road spans the east side of the campus, and Cumberland Gap National Historical Park is approximately away.
Academics
Union College offers the Bachelor of Arts and the Bachelor of Science degrees. The college also offers Master of Arts in Psychology and Education. Additionally, new programs at the Master's level include Master of Business Administration, Master of Science in Administration, and Master of Science in Athletic Administration.
The college operates on a two-semester calendar, with a May interim session and two summer terms. Students must successfully complete a total of 120 semester hours to earn a bachelor's degree, including 35 hours of required core classes from the four major divisions of study.
Study abroad
Union College is a cooperating member of the Kentucky Institute for International Studies (KIIS). The college joins with a number of other Kentucky colleges and universities to provide summer study opportunities in ten different locations. The programs in Argentina, France, Spain, Mexico, Germany, Austria, Italy and Ecuador are open to all Union College students, who may earn credits toward their degree at Union.
Academic facilities
The Weeks-Townsend Memorial Library contains more than 160,000 books, periodicals, government documents, media materials and on-line reference and full-text databases. Library functions, including the public catalog access (OPAC), circulation and reserves are fully automated through the Sirsi Unicorn Collection Management System. The 20-seat computer lab is the center of campus access to the Internet, including email and the World Wide Web. The college also has a variety of computers accessible to students. The library and Centennial computer labs each contain 20 workstations and a laser printer connected to the campus network. A third lab, the Hensley lab, provides the same type of access with 17 computers. The labs are open a variety of hours each week to support the academic programs and provide student access to the campus network.
The Academic Resource Center (ARC) provides free services to Union College students in several academic support areas. Individual tutoring is available in a variety of subject areas in both upper and lower division classes. Students may work with a tutor to review for classes, refresh study skills, or prepare for professional examinations such as GMAT, LSAT, MCAT, GRE and NTE. Each semester, courses that have been deemed academically challenging are selected for Supplemental Instruction (SI). Students attend group study sessions, which are held a minimum of three times a week with a student leader who has already excelled in that particular course. The SI leaders model good study strategies and encourage collaborative learning.
The Sharp Academic Center is one of the primary classroom facilities on campus. Named for alumnus and Nobel Laureate Phillip Allen Sharp, the Sharp Academic Center was added to a remodeled dormitory, providing classroom and office space. Currently, the offices include the Office of the President, Office of the Academic Vice President, Student Support Services, the Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences, and the Department of History.
The Ramsey Center is an additional classroom and laboratory space on campus. Named for Kenneth and Sarah Ramsey, the Center was remodeled from the former Knox County Hospital. This building houses the Department of Natural Sciences, the Psychology Department, and the Edna Jenkins Mann School of Nursing.
Financial aid
In 2014–15, 96% of Union's undergraduate students received financial assistance. Students wishing to be considered for aid must file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) by March 15. The Federal Pell Grant, Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant and Federal Work-Study programs of the federal government are sources of aid. Non-need-based academic scholarships range from $1,000 to full tuition. Kentucky residents may apply for the Kentucky State Tuition Grant.
Faculty
The faculty numbers 104 and the student-to-faculty ratio is 16:1.
Athletics
Union College's athletic teams are called the Bulldogs and Lady Bulldogs. The college is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA), primarily competing in the Appalachian Athletic Conference (AAC) for most of its sports since the 2002–03 academic year; while its men's & women's bowling and archery teams compete in the Mid-South Conference (MSC), which they previously competed as a full member from 1995–96 to 2001–02.
Union competes in 22 intercollegiate varsity sports: Men's sports include baseball, basketball, bowling, cross-country, football, golf, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, bowling, cross-country, golf, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball; and co-ed sports include archery and cheerleading. Former sports included men's lacrosse, co-ed cycling and co-ed dance. Intramural sports vary according to student request. The college recently completed new tennis courts, a softball field, and refurbished the baseball, soccer and football fields.
Accomplishments
Union College men's basketball also recently won their first NAIA division II national title in the 2016–17 season. This marked the schools third team national championship, the first two were earned by the cycling team in 2002 and 2012.
Notable alumni
G. Lindsey Davis, Bishop of the United Methodist Church
Flem D. Sampson, the 42nd Governor of Kentucky
Dr. Phillip Allen Sharp, co-recipient of the 1993 Nobel Prize for Medicine for work that altered scientists' understanding of the structure of genes, received his undergraduate degree at Union College.
Derek Smith, soccer player who currently plays for Cincinnati Kings in the USL Premier Development League.
William A. Stanfill, member of the United States Senate from Kentucky
Armond Smith, former NFL running back
References
External links
Official website
Official athletics website
Private universities and colleges in Kentucky
Educational institutions established in 1879
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Buildings and structures in Knox County, Kentucky
Education in Knox County, Kentucky
Appalachian Athletic Conference schools
1879 establishments in Kentucky
The Immortality Drive is a large memory device which was taken to the International Space Station in a Soyuz spacecraft on October 12, 2008. The Immortality Drive contains fully digitized DNA sequences of a select group of humans, such as physicist Stephen Hawking, comedian and talk show host Stephen Colbert, Playboy model Jo Garcia, game designer Richard Garriott, fantasy authors Tracy Hickman and Laura Hickman, pro wrestler Matt Morgan, and athlete Lance Armstrong. The microchip also contains a copy of George's Secret Key to the Universe, a 2007 children's book authored by Stephen Hawking and his daughter, Lucy.
The intent of the Immortality Drive is to preserve human DNA in a time capsule, in case some global cataclysm should occur on Earth.
The Immortality Drive was featured in History Channel's Life After People, first-season episode "The Bodies Left Behind".
See also
List of time capsules
References
International Space Station
time capsules
Eid il-Burbara or Saint Barbara's Day (), and also called the Feast of Saint Barbara, is a holiday annually celebrated on 17 December (Gregorian calendar) or 4 December (Julian calendar) amongst Middle Eastern Christians in Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Palestine, and Turkey (Hatay Province). It is also celebrated as Barbaroba (ბარბარობა) amongst Christians in Georgia. Its celebration shares many elements with Hallowe'en, though coming from a much earlier tradition, and unrelated to the feast of the dead. Traditionally, adults and children wearing disguise go around houses in the villages dancing and singing the story of Saint Barbara; and in each house, they are offered food (and sometimes money) specially prepared for that feast. It is celebrated in honour of the Christian Saint and Martyr Saint Barbara. The general belief amongst Lebanese Christians is that Saint Barbara disguised herself as many different characters to elude the Romans who were persecuting her.
Traditions
The traditional food made on this feast is Burbara, a bowl of boiled wheat grains, pomegranate seeds, raisins, anise, and sugar. It is offered to children who go from one house to another in costumes. In the Middle East, Middle Eastern Christians cook a dough that is filled with walnuts or cheese. It is called Qatayef. Heavy traffic occurs in bakeries because of people buying the traditional food for this holiday. Children go trick or treating while singing a special song for Eid il-Burbara.
A common practice in Lebanon on Eid il-Burbara finds its source in the story of Saint Barbara who, it was believed was miraculously saved from persecution while fleeing: She ran through freshly planted wheat fields, which grew instantly to cover her path.
This miracle is celebrated symbolically by planting wheat seeds (or chick peas, barley grains, beans, lentils, etc.) in cotton wool on Saint Barbara's feast day. The seeds germinate and grow up to around six inches in time for Christmas, when the shoots are used to decorate the nativity scene usually placed below the Christmas tree.
See also
Geography of Halloween
Kollyva
Lebanese Greek Orthodox Christians
Christianity in the Middle East
Maronites
References
Saints days
Festivals in Syria
Festivals in Lebanon
December observances
Festivals in the State of Palestine
Festivals in Jordan
Festivals in Turkey
Winter events in Turkey
Eastern Orthodox Christian culture
Maronite cuisine
Rap1 (Ras-proximate-1 or Ras-related protein 1) is a small GTPase, which are small cytosolic proteins that act like cellular switches and are vital for effective signal transduction. There are two isoforms of the Rap1 protein, each encoded by a separate gene, RAP1A and RAP1B. Rap1 belongs to Ras-related protein family.
GTPases are inactive when in their GDP-bound form, and become active when they bind to GTP. GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) and guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs) regulate small GTPases, with GAPs promoting the GDP-bound (inactive) form, and GEFs promoting the GTP-bound (active) form. When bound to GTP, small GTPases regulate myriad cellular processes. These proteins are divided into families depending on their protein structure, and the most well studied is the Ras superfamily, of which Rap1 is a member. Whereas Ras is known for its role in cell proliferation and survival, Rap1 is predominantly involved in cell adhesion and cell junction formation. Ras and Rap are regulated by different sets of guanine nucleotide exchange factors and GTPase-activating proteins, thus providing one level of specificity.
Effectors
RAPL
The identification of Rap1 effector proteins has provided important insights into mechanisms by which Rap1 regulates T-cell receptor (TCR) signaling to integrins. A constitutively active Rap1 construct, Rap1G12V, was used as a bait in a yeast two-hybrid screen to identify RAPL as a Rap1-binding protein.
Overexpression of RAPL enhances LFA-1 clustering and adhesion, and RAPL-deficient lymphocytes and dendritic cells exhibit impaired adhesion and migration. RAPL is also an integrin-associated protein as RAPL polarizes to the immunological synapse following antigen stimulation of T cells, colocalizes with LFA-1 following TCR or chemokine stimulation, and co-immunoprecipitates with LFA-1 in a Rap1-dependent manner (108). This interaction between RAPL and LFA-1 is dependent on lysine residues at positions 1097 and 1099 in the juxtamembrane region of the αL-subunit cytoplasmic domain. This is a functionally significant region of the αL cytoplasmic domain as deletion of the adjacent GFFKR motif results in a constitutively active LFA-1 integrin (124, 125). While lysines 1097 and 1099 are critical for Rap1-dependent activation of LFA-1, the β2-subunit cytoplasmic domain appears to be dispensable for activation of LFA-1 by Rap1 (126). Mutation of these lysine residues to alanine impairs the ability of LFA-1 to redistribute to the leading edge induced by Rap1 activation or overexpression of RAPL. Because RAPL localizes to the leading edge properly in cells expressing this mutant LFA-1, this finding suggests that RAPL may play a critical role in localizing LFA-1 to discrete regions of the plasma membrane. In T-cells, the immune cell adaptor SKAP1 couples the TCR to the formation of a complex between Rap1 and RapL for T-cell adhesion.
Mst1
The serine–threonine kinase Mst1, a member of a family of kinases homologous to the Ste20 kinase in yeast, has recently been identified as a RAPL effector. TCR-mediated activation of Mst1 is dependent on RAPL, and TCR-mediated adhesion to ICAM-1 and antigen-dependent conjugate formation are impaired following RNAi-mediated knockdown of Mst1 expression. Although Rap1 and RAPL have been shown to regulate both LFA-1 affinity and clustering, overexpression of Mst1 only enhances LFA-1 clustering. This finding suggests that LFA-1 clustering is critical for TCR signaling to integrins that is mediated by Rap1. It also implies the existence of Mst1-independent mechanisms by which Rap1 regulates LFA-1 affinity.
PKD
A striking feature of Rap1 and the Rap1-associated signaling proteins PKD, RAPL, and Mst1 is their localization to membranes where integrins are found. This provides a mechanism by which Rap1 can act directly on integrins and modulate integrin affinity and/or clustering. PKD, RAPL, and Mst1 have also all been proposed to play a role in movement of receptors to the plasma membrane. PKD-dependent regulation of vesicular transport requires PKD kinase activity, while PKD-dependent regulation of TCR signaling to integrins does not appear to require PKD kinase activity. Thus, PKD may play a distinct role in regulating Rap1-dependent integrin regulation. For example, the PKD-dependent association of Rap1 with C3G suggests that PKD may be critical for localizing Rap1 not only with integrins but also with Rap1 GEFs. The PKD–Rap1 interaction may thus be central to the subsequent activation of Rap1 and triggering of downstream effectors such as RAPL and Mst1.
RIAM
An additional Rap1 effector provides a link between Rap1 and the actin cytoskeleton. RIAM (Rap1–GTP-interacting adapter molecule) is a broadly expressed adaptor protein that contains an RA (Ras association)-like domain, a PH domain, and several proline-rich sequences. Like RAPL, RIAM interacts preferentially with active Rap1, and overexpression of RIAM enhances integrin-mediated adhesion. In addition, knockdown of RIAM inhibits adhesion induced by active Rap1 and inhibits the localization of active Rap1 at the plasma membrane. The ability of RIAM to associate with profilin, Ena/VASP proteins, and talin suggests that RIAM promotes Rap1-dependent integrin activation through effects on the actin cytoskeleton, particularly the interaction of talin with integrin cytoplasmic tails. Given the known role of talin in regulating integrin affinity, RIAM may provide an Mst1-independent mechanism by which Rap1 regulates integrin affinity.
References
EC 3.6.5
Hankyu is a train station along the Hankyu Railway Kyoto Line.
Location
Saiin station's singular entrance is situated on the southwest corner of Shijo street and Nishioji street in Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan. Saiin Station is located in Saiin Kōzanji-chō, Ukyō-ku, Kyoto.
Service
Saiin Station is serviced by , , , and trains, while trains do not service the station.
Usage
In fiscal 2015, the Hankyu station was used by 16,087,000 passengers annually (both exiting and entering passengers). Over the same year, the Randen station was used by 1,674,000 passengers annually (both exiting and entering passengers). For historical data, see the table below.
Attractions
Dining
A variety of quaint restaurants, izakaya, and fast food locations lie within short walking distance of the station.
Retail
A few large retail outlets and a variety of small shops line the streets surrounding Saiin Station. A 100 yen shuttle bus stops in front of Saiin Station and carries passengers directly to the retail area.
A 100-yen store is located directly above Saiin station's entrance.
There are many convenience stores within a 2 or 3-minute walk of Saiin Station.
Hotels
The Rhino hotel is located directly beside Saiin Station.
Historical sites
Kōzan-ji, a small Buddhist temple, is located directly across from Saiin Station, on the northeast corner of Nishioji street and Shijo Street, less than one-minute walking distance.
Gaming
Several pachinko parlors are located within walking distance of Saiin Station.
History
Saiin Station opened as on 1 November 1928. At the time of opening, the station was the terminus of the Shinkeihan Railway, a former operator of the Hankyu Kyoto Line. On 31 March 1931, when the underground extension from Saiin to Keihan Kyoto Station (present-day Ōmiya Station) was completed, the station was moved from the ground level to the underground facilities and renamed Saiin Station.
Station numbering was introduced to all Hankyu stations on 21 December 2013 with this station being designated as station number HK-83.
At the time of the construction, a plan was tabled to link Saiin Station with the smaller and older Sai Station (located one-minute walking distance east on Shijo street) by means of an underground path, but the plan was eventually scrapped, due to strong opposition from people living in the area. The underground path was under construction until 2017.
Adjacent stations
References
External links
Saiin Station from Hankyu Railway website
Railway stations in Kyoto
Hankyu Kyoto Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1928
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1910
General elections were held in Costa Rica on 4 February 1962. Francisco Orlich Bolmarcich of the National Liberation Party won the presidential election, whilst his party also won the parliamentary election. Voter turnout was 80.9%.
Background
During Mario Echandi's presidency Rafael Angel Calderón, his family and supporters in exile, were allowed to return and a general amnesty was called for everyone involved in the still recent Civil War of 1948. Calderón was elected Congressman in the 1958 election. But meanwhile in the past election the National Liberation Party was split due to the separation of the “Rossist” faction in this election Calderon's candidacy unified PLN and other political allies into a strong anti-Calderonist ballot.
Both former presidents Otilio Ulate from National Union and Calderón himself from National Republican became candidates. PLN's candidate was, as in 1958, Francisco Orlich, one of the party's founder, commander of one of the fronts during the civil war and Figueres' close friend.
A fourth small left-wing party named Popular Democratic Action led by socialist thinker Enrique Obregón also took part in the election nominating Obregon. Communism was illegal according to the Constitution and Marxist Parties were not allowed, but Obregon's party was officially socialist so the prohibition was not endorsed. Even so, Obregón did have the support of the traditional leadership and militancy of the (outlawed) Communist Party.
Campaign
All parties promised land reform. Calderon's publicity was particular in saying “Yesterday social reform, today land reform” taking advantage of the socialist reforms during his presidency. As the Cuban Revolution was recent the anti-Communist speech was common. All main parties accused each other of having links with Communism; PLN because of its socialist ideology (social democracy) and Figueres alleged friendship with Fidel Castro and Calderón because of his previous alliance with the Communists in the 1940s. The far-right anti-Communist group Free Costa Rica Movement paid for a strong anti-Communist propaganda, especially against Popular Democratic Action.
Results
President
By province
Parliament
By province
Local governments
Ballot
References
1962 elections in Central America
1962 in Costa Rica
Elections in Costa Rica
Pinzberg is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Pinzberg lies in the region Upper Franconia west.
The following districts exist: Dobenreuth, Gosberg, Pinzberg, Elsenberg.
History
Pinzberg belonged to the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg. Since the realm deputation main conclusion of 1803, Pinzberg belongs to Bavaria. In the course of the administrative reforms in Bavaria, today's municipality developed with the municipality edict of 1818.
Population
Population in the municipality in 1970 was 1,608, in 1987 was 1,696, and in the year 2000, 1,864 inhabitants were counted.
Politics
Since 1996, there is a youth local council in Pinzberg. This was brought into being by the mayor at that time, Reinhardt Glauber. The current youth mayor (in German "Jugendbuergermeister") is Fabian Fridl.
The local council of Pinzberg has 13 members including the mayor.
Coat of arms
The coat of arms reads: In gold an in-curved red point, therein a silver gate tower also on both sides following silver right parallelepiped wall; beseitet in front of a black three-blade clover sheet, in the back of a black grain flower bloom.
Pinzberg consists of the villages Dobenreuth, Elsenberg, Gosberg and Pinzberg. All places are to be represented in the coat of arms. The tower is the landmark of Pinzberg and refers to the church tower, that at the same time serves as a gate tower of the cemetery attachment from the second half of 15th Century. The in-curved red point is the symbol of the Holy Trinity and stands for Gosberg and its branch church, which the Holy Trinity is dedicated. The clover sheet stands for Dobenreuth and symbolizes the rare Patrozinium of the holy family. Since the Middle Ages both the terrestrial and the Holy Trinity are often represented by nature forms such as clover sheets. The agriculture of Elsenberg is represented by the cornflower sheet on the coat of arms. The colors gold and black from the Pinzberg coat of arms remind of the long-lasting relationship with the diocese Bamberg. In the year 1062 Heinrich IV gave parts of today's territory of Pinzberg the diocese.
The emblem is used since 1988 on the legal base of a Resolution of the local council and the agreement of the government of Upper Franconia.
References
Forchheim (district)
Mary Jane Wallner (born October 25, 1946) is a Democratic member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, one of the three members representing the Merrimack 10th District since 1980. She served as the Majority Leader from 2007 to 2010.
External links
The New Hampshire House of Representatives - Mary Jane Wallner official NH government website
Project Vote Smart - Representative Mary Jane Wallner (NH) profile
Follow the Money - Mary Jane Wallner
2006 2004 2002 2000 1998 campaign contributions
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
Living people
Women state legislators in New Hampshire
1946 births
New Hampshire Democrats
Politicians from St. Louis
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Keys to the City is the debut album by jazz pianist Mulgrew Miller, recorded on June 28, 1985, and released by Landmark Records.
Background
The album is dedicated to Miller's wife, Tanya, and musicians who inspired him. The record contains eight compositions: four originals and four jazz standards. The originals are: the blues-inspired "Song for Darnell", named after his son; "Promethean", inspired by a Greek myth; "Portrait of a Mountain"; and "Saud's Run". The last two are dedicated to McCoy Tyner.
Track listing
Personnel
Mulgrew Miller – piano
Ira Coleman – bass
Marvin Smith – drums
References
1985 albums
Landmark Records albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
Mulgrew Miller albums
Charles Hoffman may refer to:
Charles Hoffman (screenwriter) (1911–1972), film and TV writer
Charles Hoffman (politician) (born 1960), Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives
Charles E. Hoffman (born 1949), chief executive
Charles F. Hoffman (1878–1930), the pseudonym used by Ernest A. Janson, double Medal of Honor recipient during WWI
Charles F. Hoffmann (1838–1913), German-American topographer with the Whitney Survey Party in California.
Charles S. Hoffman, geneticist and co-developer of the Smash and Grab (biology) technique with Fred Winston
Charles W. Hoffman (1829 - 1896), founding dean of Georgetown University Law Center and Law Librarian of Congress
Charles Fenno Hoffman (1806–1884), American poet
Charley Hoffman (born 1976), American golfer
Charlie Hoffman (born 1956), Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives
Neoneura amelia, commonly known as Amelia's threadtail, is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae. It is native to the southern United States and Central America, its range extending from the southern tip of Texas to Panama.
Description
Neoneura amelia is a small damselfly with a total length of and a wingspan of . The male has a scarlet head with reddish-brown eyes. The thorax has a scarlet front, thin black dorsal stripe and dull orange sides. The first three segments of the abdomen are reddish-orange and the remaining segments are brown, each with a pale basal portion and blackish apical section. The female is drab and much less noticeable, being pale tan, with black markings on the head and thorax, and dark rings on the abdomen.
Distribution and habitat
Neoneura amelia is native to Central America and the southern tip of the United States. Its range includes southern Texas, ten states in Mexico, Belize, Costa Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and Panama. Its typical habitat includes the backwaters of large rivers and streams, and the edges of large ponds, including muddy locations. It is present in both wet tropical and subtropical forests and dry forests, as well as grasslands.
Behavior
In Texas, this damselfly is on the wing between April and December. Males are often to be seen hovering over the surface of the water well away from the shore, but they sometimes perch in shrubby vegetation, concealed by overhanging foliage. The females are seldom seen except in the company of males. Eggs are laid while the pair are in tandem on floating wood debris or on the stems of submerged plants, and there are often other threadtails and dancer damselflies seeking to lay in the same locations. Egg-laying is at its peak in the middle of the day and then diminishes.
Status
Neoneura amelia has a wide range and is a common species. The population seems stable and no particular threats have been identified, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
Protoneuridae
Insects described in 1903
Azerbaijan competed in the Winter Olympic Games for the first time at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan.
Figure skating
Men
Women
Pairs
Key: FS = Free Skate, SP = Short Program, TFP = Total Factored Placement
References
Official Olympic Reports
Olympic Winter Games 1998, full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 1998 Winter Olympics
1998
1998 in Azerbaijani sport
Perfect Parents was a fictional 2006 British TV film written and directed by Joe Ahearne and produced by ITV Productions. It portrayed the dramatic story of a young girl named Lucy (Madeleine Garrood) that was brought up by her atheist parents, Stuart (Christopher Eccleston) and Alison (Susannah Harker) and their ensuing navigation of the ethical dilemmas that arose in their extreme efforts to secure her acceptance into a prestigious Catholic educational institution.
The satirical film directed by Joe Ahearne outlined the prevalence of an increasing prioritisation of our children's education and protectionist parenting strategies in modern society. It emphasised the extreme lengths that parents will resort to in order to enable their child to be educated at prestigious schools such as St Mary of the Veil and to ensure a safe learning environment for them. The dichotomy of absolute and relative morality is examined in the film through a series of dubious parenting decisions surrounding the educational development of their child with no clear ethical pejoratives provided for the audience's discernment.
The British film experienced great success in the Italian market and was awarded the most prestigious award at the Roma Fiction Fest in Italy. It was a significant achievement for the duo of Joe Ahearne and Christopher Eccleston, wherein they previously collaborated together on BBC's Doctor Who as director and actor of the show. Additionally, Christopher Eccleston, who played the role of Stuart in the film, claimed the best actor prize respectively. Susannah Harker was also a featured member of BBC's Doctor Who TV show, but it is unclear whether they had worked directly on that set prior to this British Film.
Plot
The film begins with the airing of a knife fight at Lucy's (Madeleine Garrood) initial public school, where she was located footsteps away from the scene of violence. This event induces fear in her parents Stuart (Christopher Eccleston) and Alison (Susannah Harker) and subsequently catalysed her parents' search for a safer and well-renown school and her eventual departure from that public school. Subsequently, it follows the story of a little girl named Lucy and her atheist-based upbringing in her parents' pursuit of superior educational development for their child. After a thorough search, the only better alternative they could afford was St Mary of the Veil, which is managed by a group of nuns with a preference for traditional Catholic families to maintain their exclusivity, given the lengthy enrolment waiting lists.
Thus, as part of their deliberate strategy, the entire family began to exercise the Catholic faith superficially with the core intent on progressing their child's application to an esteemed Catholic school. Surprisingly, their satirical attempt to depict themselves as devout Catholic believers was highly effective and assisted the progression and success of their daughter's entrance to the desired educational institution. She eventually ended up at the desired Catholic school, St Mary of the Veil. However, their pursuit of enrolment into a prestigious educational institution for their beloved daughter led the couple into a life filled with lies, deceit and violence.
It initially seemed as though the white lie would bear little consequence. However, to adequately prepare for a frightening interview with the school's harsh principal, known as Sister Estonia (Lesley Manville), they posed as a devout Catholic family and utilised their questionable religious connections through their friend Eddie to identify a Catholic priest (David Warner) that they may bribe for a parishioner reference for their school application. However, that event is the beginning of many more decisions that are plagued with fraud, blackmail and violence as they navigate the questions of morality. It satirises the emerging global phenomenon in which parents are going to increasingly extreme lengths to ensure that their children are able to receive entry to highly competitive schools and also the priceless value in their child's safety regardless of the moral implications that may follow. As a late show twist, after Stuart and Alison enlist the assistance of the Catholic priest, the costly price of securing admission into a prestigious emerged with past stories about the priest's dark secrets – but it may be too late to avoid the consequences.
Director
Joe Ahearne
He was a British film producer best known for his previous role in directing BBC's Doctor Who. His directorship of the satirical TV film earned him multiple awards at the 2007 Rome Fiction Festival.
Cast
Christopher Eccleston as Stuart/Lucy's Father:
Perfect Parents marked his return to acting where he plays the role of a tender and loving parent that is a combination of wit, ingenuity and moral ambiguity. Eccleston's on-screen character Stuart is wedded to Alison and they have a daughter named Lucy whom they deeply cherish. The character's evolution saw the narrative shift was ethical parenting to seemingly benevolent love before settling on repeated instances of moral ambiguity.
Eccleston was the third son of working-class parents and was raised in Salford prior to featuring in his first BBC drama series ‘Our Friends in the North' in 1996. Prior to this film, Eccleston rose to prominence in BBC's Doctor Who is a series but made a shocking and abrupt exit after one season on the TV series. Despite only appearing on the show for 13 episodes, it was a hugely successful film that catapulted him into stardom despite his disagreements with the then TV show director Russell T Davies.
Susannah Harker as Alison/Lucy's Mother:
Harker plays the role of Alison who is Lucy's mother in Perfect Parents, where she is likewise to Stuart a caring parent with initially benevolent intentions to secure entry to one of the most prestigious Catholic schools in the region. However, the ethical facade quickly evaporates as she navigates the bent boundaries of moral ambiguity relating to their parenting decisions regarding the future of Lucy's education. Many ethical borders were crossed but eventually, those decisions catch up to haunt her and Stuart when they discover more of the unknown.
Prior to this film, she was well-known for her performance as Mattie Storin in House of Cards, in which she was nominated for a BAFTA TV award in 1990. However, her most renown performance was her role as Jane Bennet in Colin Firth's Pride and Prejudice, a film take on Jane Austen's timeless book. She also starred in BBC's Doctor Who as the puzzled student Claire, where she co-starred with Christopher Eccleston and worked with Joe Ahearne. However, it is unclear whether their past collaboration initiated the return of the pair in this British film.
Madeleine Garrood as Lucy/Stuart and Alison's Daughter:
Perfect Parents was her debut TV film appearance where she plays the role of Lucy, the prominent schoolgirl and beloved daughter of Stuart and Alison. As an innocent and filial daughter, she witnessed a range of morally dubious decisions to which she remained silent, not knowing whether to apply her ethical conscience or to be filial and obedient to her parents. The ethical imbalance is pervasive throughout the film and her sustained silence fuels the film's moral ambiguity. Subsequently, she featured in an American TV documentary titled ‘Lusitania: Murder on the Atlantic' as Avis Dolphin, which dramatised the notorious World War 1 naval assault on the American warship, RMS Lusitania. However, since then she has taken an indefinite hiatus from acting and filmography.
Lesley Manville as Sister Estonia/Catholic School Principal:
In the British TV film, she played the character of the strict school principal, known as Sister Estonia of the esteemed Catholic high school. Her character symbolised the ethical imperative of society as she acted as the final barrier upholding ethical parenting and enrolment. Sister Estonia upheld the high standards of the school but despite her vigilant efforts, there were still loopholes that were successfully exploited to ensure Lucy's entry into the esteemed educational institution.
Manville has received multiple BAFTA TV Award nominations throughout her career but her breakthrough came in theatre, where she was the recipient of the Critics Circle Award for Best Actress and Olivier Award for Best Actress.
David Warner as Father Thomas/Catholic Priest
In this film, he is an English actor that played the role of Father Thomas, the Catholic priest that fraudulently authorises a letter to verify the Catholic faith of Stuart and Alison to enable their successful application to the Catholic school for their daughter Lucy. He represents the recent subversion of ethical values in the Catholic institution, which is a religion that prides itself on absolute standards of morality. The recent global ramifications of priestly sins and iniquities have cast a shadow of doubt over the religion and Father Thomas characterises the ethical problems that remain within the Catholic Church.
Prior to this film, Warner had played a range of different characters ranging from romantic leads to villains across the film and TV industries, where his performance in the Titanic as Spicer Lovejoy earned him the nomination for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture.
Social Impact/Moral Implications
The TV film provides a satirical perspective of the ethical issues that have plagued the global Catholic Church in the past few decades. It depicts several instances where Father Thomas (David Warner) makes questionable decisions regarding the briberies and immoral signing of letters of faith for Atheist parents. However, the sustained ambiguity forces the audience to create their own ethical conclusion as the statement of their false faith cannot be verified or substantiated.
Perfect Parents also challenges the ethical parameters which are often breached when securing educational entry for children, such as blatant acts of lying and bribery of religious figures within the film by Stuart and Alison (Lucy's parents). It challenges the current state of societal ethics pertaining to our pursuits of our children's educational future.
Music
The film's soundtrack was composed by Murray Gold, a British composer who was best known for his previous contributions to BBC's Doctor Who.
Reception
Awards and Accolades
The TV film received the following awards and accolades at the inauguration of the Rome Fiction Festival in 2007:
Winner: Maximo Diamond Award
Perfect Parents shared the award with the Italian film Canale 5 Maria Montessori, directed by Gianluca Tavarelli.
Winner: Best TV Movie
The film achieved the top prize largely attributed to the exceptional performances by Christopher Eccleston and Susannah Harker.
Winner: Best TV Movie Script
Winner: Best TV Actor
Critical Response
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a website approval rating of 80%. Alternatively, the user ratings tallied at an average score of 84 based on an undisclosed number of user reviews. On Letterboxd, the film achieved an average score of 3.5 out of 5 based on 5 reviews, signifying generally favourable but not excellent user reviews. Another review aggregator website Imdb reported weighted average vote of 7.1 our of 10 based on 129 user reviews. Audience within the age range of 18-29 generally provided more positive reviews of the film and the age segment of 45+ providing the lowest ratings of the film. Most of the positive reviews complimented the authentic and impressive acting performance of prominent actors Christopher Eccleston and Susannah Harker. However, the weaker reviews levelled their discontent with the plot of the film and noted lapses in the consistency of storytelling.
The performances of cast members were frequently discussed in critical reviews. Specifically, Christopher Eccleston's depiction of Stuart/Lucy's Father received positive accolades from film commentators. These positive reviews translated into Christopher Eccleston being awarded the 'Best TV Actor' at the inaugural Roma Fiction Fest in 2007 (see above). The directorship of Joe Ahearne was also applauded, which corresponded with two awards also being awarded for the 'Best TV movie' and 'Best TV Movie Script' at the same festival.
Reception
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack was composed by Murray Gold, a British composer who was best known for his previous contributions to BBC's Doctor Who.
Awards and Accolades
The TV film received the following awards and accolades at the inauguration of the Rome Fiction Festival in 2007:
Winner: Maximo Diamond Award
‘Perfect Parents' shared the award with the Italian film Canale 5 Maria Montessori, directed by Gianluca Tavarelli.
Winner: Best TV Movie
Winner: Best TV Movie Script
References
External links
British Films Catalogue entry from the British Council
2006 television films
2006 films
2006 drama films
2000s English-language films
2000s British films
British drama television films
Edge-blown aerophones is one of the categories of musical instruments found in the Hornbostel–Sachs system of musical instrument classification. In order to produce sound with these aerophones, the player makes a ribbon-shaped flow of air with their lips (421.1), or their breath is directed through a duct against an edge (421.2).
421.1 Flutes without duct – The player creates a ribbon-shaped stream of air with their lips.
421.11 End-blown flutes – The player blows against the sharp rim at the upper open end of a tube.
421.111 Individual end-blown flutes
421.111.1 Open single end-blown flutes – The lower end of the flute is open.
421.111.11 Without fingerholes.
421.111.12 With fingerholes.
Anasazi flute
Danso
Hotchiku
Kaval
Ney
Nose flute
Palendag
Quena
Shakuhachi
Sring
Suling
Tungso
Washint
Xiao
421.111.2 Stopped single end-blown flutes – The lower end of the flute is closed.
421.111.21 Without fingerholes.
421.111.22 With fingerholes.
421.112 Sets of end-blown flutes or panpipes – Several end-blown flutes of different pitch are combined to form a single instrument.
Diple
421.112.1 Open panpipes.
421.112.11 Open (raft) panpipes – The pipes are tied together in the form of a board, or they are made by drilling tubes *in a board.
421.112.12 Open bundle (pan-) pipes – The pipes are tied together in a round bundle.
421.112.2 Stopped panpipes
Pan flute
Siku
421.112.3 Mixed open and stopped panpipes.
421.12 Side-blown flutes – The player blows against the sharp rim of a hole in the side of the tube.
421.121 (Single) side-blown flutes.
421.121.1 Open side-blown flutes.
421.121.11 Without fingerholes.
421.121.12 With fingerholes
Bansuri
Chi
Daegeum
Dangjeok
Dizi
Fife
Gakubue
Kagurabue
Junggeum
Komabue
Koudi
Minteki
Nohkan
Ryuteki
Sáo
Seiteki
shinobue
Sogeum
Western concert flutes
Piccolo
Concert flute
Alto flute
Bass flute
Contra-alto flute
Contrabass flute
Double contrabass flute
Hyperbass flute
421.121.2 Partly stopped side-blown flutes - The lower end of the tube is a natural node of the pipe pierced by a small hole.
421.121.3 Stopped side-blown flutes.
421.121.31 Without fingerholes.
421.121.311 With fixed stopped lower end - (Apparently non-existent).
421.121.312 With adjustable stopped lower end
421.121.32 With fingerholes.
421.122 Sets of side-blown flutes.
421.122.1 Sets of open side-blown flutes.
Paidi
421.122.2 Sets of stopped side-blown flutes.
421.13 Vessel flutes (without distinct beak) The body of the pipe is not tubular but vessel-shaped.
421.2 Flutes with duct or duct flutes - A narrow duct directs the air-stream against the sharp edge of a lateral orifice
421.21 Flutes with external duct - The duct is outside the wall of the flute; this group includes flutes with the duct chamfered in the wall under a ring-like sleeve and other similar arrangements.
421.211 (Single) flutes with external duct.
421.211.1 Open flutes with external duct.
421.211.11 Without fingerholes.
421.211.12 With fingerholes.
Native American flute
421.211.2 Partly stopped flutes with external duct.
421.211.3 Stopped flutes with external duct.
Boatswain's call
421.212 Sets of flute with external duct.
421.22 Flutes with internal duct - The duct is inside the tube. This group includes flutes with the duct formed by an internal baffle (natural node, bock of resin) and an exterior tied-on cover (cane, wood, hide).
421.221 (Single) flutes with internal duct.
421.221.1 Open flutes with internal duct.
421.221.11 Without fingerholes.
421.221.12 With fingerholes.
Atenben
Flageolet
Fujara
Khloy
Khlui
Recorder
Tin whistle
Tonette
421.221.2 Partly stopped flute with internal duct.
421.221.3 Stopped flutes with internal duct.
whistle
421.221.31 Without fingerholes.
421.221.311 With fixed stopped lower end.
421.221.312 With adjustable stopped lower end.
Slide whistle
421.221.4 Vessel flutes with duct.
421.221.41 Without fingerholes
421.221.42 With fingerholes
Gemshorn
Ocarina
421.222 Sets of flutes with internal duct.
421.222.1 Sets of open flutes with internal duct.
421.222.11 Without fingerholes - Open flue stops of the organ.
421.222.12 With fingerholes
Double flageolet.
421.222.2 Sets of partly stopped flutes with internal duct.
421.222.3 Sets of stopped flutes with internal duct.
Paixiao
References
http://www.music.vt.edu/musicdictionary/texta/Aerophone.html
http://www.wesleyan.edu/vim/svh.html
Woodwind instruments
Edge-blown aerophones
Jay Kennedy Harris (born 21 March 1995) is a former Australian rules footballer best known for his playing career with the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). A small forward, tall and weighing , Kennedy Harris has the ability to play in both the forward line and the midfield. He entered top-level football early when he played for the Oakleigh Chargers in the TAC Cup as a bottom-aged player, in addition to representing Vic Metro in the 2013 AFL Under 18 Championships. His achievements as a junior include being the first indigenous player to captain a TAC Cup side and he was named in the TAC Cup team of the year. He was recruited by the Melbourne Football Club with the fortieth overall selection in the 2013 AFL draft and made his debut in the 2014 season.
Kennedy Harris was delisted by Melbourne shortly after the completion of the 2019 AFL season.
Early life
Kennedy Harris was born to Heather Kennedy and Edgar Harris and grew up in Endeavour Hills, Victoria attending St John's Regional College before moving to Trinity Grammar for year nine in 2009 as a boarder. He was encouraged by schoolmate and eventual player, Luke McDonald to join the Kew Comets Junior Football Club before he joined the Oakleigh Chargers in the TAC Cup as a bottom-aged player in 2012 where he was a part of their premiership winning side. After graduating from school in 2012 and commencing a science degree at the University of Melbourne in 2013, he entered his draft year as the co-captain of the Oakleigh Chargers, becoming the first indigenous player to captain a TAC Cup side. He played twelve matches for the season and was named on the interchange bench in the TAC Cup team of the year. He received mid-year state honours when he represented Vic Metro at the 2013 AFL Under 18 Championships. After his performances in the TAC Cup and under 18 championships where he played as both a small forward and midfielder, he was compared to small forward, Jake Neade and then- player, Mathew Stokes, and it was predicted he would be drafted inside the top thirty in the 2013 AFL draft.
AFL career
Kennedy Harris was drafted by the Melbourne Football Club with their second selection and fortieth overall in the 2013 national draft. His first match in Melbourne colours was in Melbourne's first match of the 2014 NAB Challenge against at Etihad Stadium, he kicked three final quarter goals to secure Melbourne an unexpected victory. He was praised during the match by AFL Media journalist, Jennifer Phelan, by stating he "demanded attention every time he went near the ball with his speed, courage and creativity." His performances in the pre-season earned him a round one debut in the seventeen point loss against at Etihad Stadium. He played the first eleven matches for the season before he was omitted for the round thirteen match against at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. He spent the next month in the Victorian Football League (VFL) for Melbourne's affiliate team, the Casey Scorpions, before being recalled to the senior side for the three point loss against at Adelaide Oval in round eighteen. He played the next two matches before being dropped for the round twenty-one match against at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and missed the remainder of the season. He managed fourteen games in his debut season — starting as the substitute in six games — and kicked nine goals.
On the eve of the 2015 season, Kennedy Harris signed a two-year contract extension, tying him to the club until the end of the 2017 season, and played for the Indigenous All-Stars in the nine point loss against at Leederville Oval. After the recruitment of small forward, Jeff Garlett, Kennedy Harris struggled to maintain a spot in the senior side. He played in the opening round win against at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, before he was omitted for the round two match against at StarTrack Oval. He returned the next week for the twenty-five point loss against at Adelaide Oval, replacing the injured Jack Viney. He played every match until the round seven match against at the Melbourne Cricket Ground due to a groin injury. He missed the next month of football, before returning from injury through the VFL Development League. He played three AFL matches in the second half of the season to finish with eight matches in total.
The 2016 season saw Kennedy Harris suffer from a hamstring injury on three separate occasions, he first injured it during the pre-season and the second time during the opening match of the VFL season against at Casey Fields. He returned to play in the VFL in June, before he was ruled out for the next four to six weeks when he injured his hamstring for the third time during the season. He managed to return to the VFL for the end of the season, playing four matches in August. His injury interrupted season meant he did not play a senior AFL match for the year.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of the 2019 season
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
|
| 24 || 14 || 9 || 6 || 75 || 65 || 140 || 30 || 27 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 5.4 || 4.6 || 10.0 || 2.1 || 1.9
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2015
|
| 24 || 8 || 2 || 3 || 40 || 33 || 73 || 22 || 14 || 0.3 || 0.4 || 5.0 || 4.1 || 9.1 || 2.8 || 1.8
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2016
|
| 24 || 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2017
|
| 24 || 6 || 0 || 1 || 45 || 51 || 96 || 18 || 23 || 0.0 || 0.2 || 7.5 || 8.5 || 16.0 || 3.0 || 3.8
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2018
|
| 24 || 6 || 1 || 4 || 42 || 46 || 88 || 17 || 28 || 0.2 || 0.7 || 7.0 || 7.7 || 14.7 || 2.8 || 4.7
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
|
| 24 || 5 || 0 || 0 || 48 || 37 || 85 || 23 || 11 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 9.6 || 7.4 || 17.0 || 4.6 || 2.2
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 39
! 12
! 14
! 250
! 232
! 482
! 110
! 103
! 0.3
! 0.4
! 6.4
! 5.9
! 12.4
! 2.8
! 2.6
|}
Acting
Before being recruited into the AFL, Kennedy Harris had a regular role in the 2010 ABC 1 TV show, Dead Gorgeous, starring in all 13 episodes as Charlie. He has also been in an episode of Neighbours, credited as Cub Scout No. 2, and was in the film, Blessed, as Young Jimmy. Kennedy Harris was also in a protective services officers recruitment campaign commercial by Victoria Police.
Filmography
References
External links
Jay Kennedy Harris' profile from Demonwiki
1995 births
Living people
Oakleigh Chargers players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Melbourne Football Club players
Casey Demons players
People educated at Trinity Grammar School, Kew
University of Melbourne alumni
Indigenous Australian players of Australian rules football
Australian male television actors
The 2020 Pennsylvania Democratic presidential primary took place on June 2, 2020, after being postponed due to concerns about the coronavirus pandemic. It would originally have taken place on April 28, 2020, as one of several northeastern states in the "Acela primary" voting on the same date in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election.
The Pennsylvania primary was a closed primary, with the state awarding 210 delegates, of whom 186 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the primary results. Joe Biden, who was born and raised in Pennsylvania, won the primary with 79% of the vote. Bernie Sanders, who had suspended his campaign two months earlier, received 18% and a substantial amount of delegates.
Procedure
Pennsylvania had planned to join several northeastern states, which are connected by the Acela train system, in holding primaries on the same date of April 28, 2020. The other states that were to vote that day were Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, New York, and Rhode Island. But due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, Pennsylvania joined Maryland and Rhode Island, as well as Indiana, in moving its primary to June 2.
Voting took place throughout the state from 7:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. In the closed primary, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15% at the congressional district or statewide level in order to be considered viable. The 186 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary. Of these, between 4 and 14 were allocated to each of the state's 18 congressional districts and another 20 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 41 at-large pledged delegates. Originally planned with 153 delegates, the final number included a 25% bonus of 33 additional delegates in the 166 district and at-large delegates by the Democratic National Committee, 10% for the original April date, which belonged to Stage II on the primary timetable, and an additional 15% for the regional "Acela" cluster alongside originally five other states that would have voted on the same day.
If fewer delegate candidates had been listed by a presidential candidate than had to be allocated based on the results of the primary, then the additional delegates were to be named at the subsequent state convention (originally planned for June 13 and postponed to July 18), which also voted on the 41 pledged at-large and 20 PLEO delegates. The 186 pledged delegates Pennsylvania sent to the national convention were joined by 24 unpledged PLEO delegates (12 members of the Democratic National Committee; 10 members of Congress, including one Senator and 9 U.S. Representatives; the governor Tom Wolf; and former DNC Chair Ed Rendell).
Candidates
The following candidates appeared on the ballot in Pennsylvania:
Joe Biden
Tulsi Gabbard (withdrawn)
Bernie Sanders (withdrawn)
There was also an option for write-in votes, but their general amount was not tallied.
Polling
Results
See also
2020 Pennsylvania elections
2020 Pennsylvania Republican presidential primary
Elections in Pennsylvania
Notes
Additional candidates
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Pennsylvania Democratic Party delegate selection plan
FiveThirtyEight Pennsylvania primary poll tracker
Pennsylvania Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
Pennsylvania Democratic
Ahu (, also Romanized as Āhū) is a village in Garakan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 374, in 113 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Daniel Kartheininger is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Germany. He currently competes in the IDM Superbike Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R1. He has previously competed in the ADAC Junior Cup, the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup, the German IDM 125 Championship, the IDM Superbike Championship and the 125cc World Championship.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1992 births
German motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
People from Memmingen
Sportspeople from Swabia (Bavaria)
Saray-Chekurcha may refer to:
Saray-Chekurcha, Republic of Tatarstan, a village (selo) in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia
Zheleznodorozhnogo razyezda Saray-Chekurcha, a settlement in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia
Four eyes may refer to:
Four Eyes, comic book
Four Eyes!, television show
Cryptoptila immersana, a moth with the common name four eyes or ivy leafroller
See also
Four (disambiguation)
Eye (disambiguation)
Balik Pulau may refer to:
Balik Pulau
Balik Pulau (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Balik Pulau (state constituency), formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly (1959–74)
The 1987 Colgate Red Raiders football team was an American football team that represented Colgate University during the 1987 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Colgate finished third in the Colonial League.
In its 12th and final season under head coach Frederick Dunlap, the team compiled a 7–4 record. Kenny Gamble and Kyle Warwick were the team captains.
Despite posting a winning record, the Red Raiders finished exactly even on the scoresheet, scoring 236 points and allowing 236 points over the course of the season. Colgate's 2–2 conference record placed third in the six-team Colonial League standings.
The Red Raiders spent two weeks in the national top 20 rankings, reaching No. 13 in the poll released September 22 and No. 11 on September 29, but then fell out of the rankings and were not ranked at season's end.
The team played its home games at Andy Kerr Stadium in Hamilton, New York.
Schedule
References
Colgate
Colgate Raiders football seasons
Colgate Red Raiders football
Blind football at the 2024 Summer Paralympics will be held at the Eiffel Tower Stadium in Paris, France.
Qualifying
There are eight men's teams who compete in the competition, each team must have a maximum of eight outfield players and two goalkeepers.
Medalists
See also
Football at the 2024 Summer Olympics
References
2024
International association football competitions hosted by France
Football
2024 in French sport
Yntymak (; ) is a pro-Japarov political party in Kyrgyzstan.
According to the preliminary results of the 2021 parliamentary election, the party came in third with 10 seats.
References
Political parties in Kyrgyzstan
Political parties established in 2011
Local elections (Indonesian: Pemilihan Kepala Daerah or Pilkada) were held in Indonesia on 9 December 2020. Voters elected nine governors, 224 regents, and 37 mayors across the country. All the elections were held on the same day, and over 100 million people were expected to be eligible to vote.
Background
Simultaneous local elections (Pilkada Serentak) was first held in Indonesia in 2015. The leadup to the 2020 elections saw several regulations being issued by the General Elections Commission (KPU) barring certain candidates from running, from adulterers to politicians who had been charged with corruption. The decision that the simultaneous local elections throughout Indonesia would be held amid the COVID-19 pandemic stirred some controversy in the Indonesian public.
Schedule
KPU released a schedule for the election in June 2019. Registration for the candidates would be held between 28 and 30 April 2020, with a campaign period lasting between June and September. The voting itself was initially planned for 23 September 2020. In October 2019, the Ministry of Home Affairs estimated that the election would require an expenditure of Rp 15.3 trillion (around US$1.1 billion), around double the budget for the 2015 local elections. In May 2020, due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, President Joko Widodo issued a regulation postponing the election to December 2020, with further postponement being possible if the pandemic had not subsided by then.
The new schedule for the elections was released in June, with the new election date set for 9 December 2020 and the campaigning period being set between 26 September and 5 December 2020.
This election schedule planned by Election Committee (KPU) and the government was opposed by several activists because by forcing a major event during a pandemic, they were breaching several Laws (UU Kekarantinaan Kesehatan & UU Wabah Penyakit Menular) which raising the risk of disease contagion among the people. There were more than 1500 health protocol violations during the campaigns, and 70.000 ballot officers tested reactive from COVID rapid tests and could not immediately be replaced.
In December 2020 also, the government insisted to hold Pilkades Serentak (Simultaneous village leader elections) in more than 1200 villages.
Elections
Gubernatorial
Mayoral
Regency
References
Local
December 2020 events in Indonesia
2020 local elections
2020
Nenciulești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Nenciulești and Păru Rotund. These were part of Mavrodin Commune until 2003, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Adam Hann-Byrd (born February 23, 1982) is an American actor and screenwriter most recognized for his roles in the films Jumanji, The Ice Storm, Halloween H20: 20 Years Later, and as the title character in Little Man Tate.
Early life
Hann-Byrd was born in New York City, the son of Jacquie Hann, a children's book illustrator and author, and Jeff Byrd, a television cameraman. He has one sister, Maya. In 2004, Hann-Byrd graduated from Wesleyan University in Connecticut with degrees in psychology and film studies.
Career
Hann-Byrd made his film debut in 1991's Little Man Tate, directed by and also starring Jodie Foster. In 1995, he appeared as the young Alan in Jumanji at age 13, in which Robin Williams appeared as the adult version of the character. He has also appeared in films such as Diabolique (1996) and The Ice Storm (1997). In 1998, he appeared as Charlie Deveraux in Halloween H20: 20 Years Later and in Uninvited in 1999.
In 2009, Hann-Byrd began working behind the camera after getting a job in the writers room for the second and third seasons of the television show Fringe. In 2011, he spent a year as a fellow in the Warner Bros. Television Writers Workshop. Subsequently, Hann-Byrd served as a writer for the Hulu series The Morning After and as a writer/producer for Participant Media's Brain Food Daily.
Personal life
Hann-Byrd resides in Los Angeles, California. In 2017, he married Dara Epstein.
Filmography
References
External links
1982 births
American male film actors
Living people
Male actors from New York City
Wesleyan University alumni
The Peter, Paul and Mary Album, also known as Album, is the sixth studio album by the American folk music trio Peter, Paul and Mary, released in 1966 (see 1966 in music).
The album included sessions contributions from several in-demand musicians of the era, including Mike Bloomfield, Al Kooper and Charlie McCoy. Notable songs include "Hurry Sundown", which was released as a single, and "Norman Normal," which provided the basis of a 1968 Warner Bros. Cartoon Special of the same name, co-credited to Noel Stookey.
Track listing
Side one
"And When I Die" (Laura Nyro) – 2:45
"Sometime Lovin'" (Gary Shearston) – 3:05
"Pack up Your Sorrows" (Richard Fariña, Pauline Marden) – 3:04
"The King of Names" (Peter Yarrow) – 4:05
"For Baby (For Bobbie)" (John Denver) – 2:45
"Hurry Sundown" (Yip Harburg, Earl Robinson) – 2:55
Side two
"The Other Side of This Life" (Fred Neil) – 3:01
"The Good Times We Had" (Paul Stookey) – 2:35
"Kisses Sweeter Than Wine" (Paul Campbell, Joel Newman, Pete Seeger, Lee Hays) – 3:05
"Norman Normal" (Stookey) – 2:15
"Mon Vrai Destin" (Stookey, Mary Travers, Yarrow) – 2:19
"Well, Well, Well" (Bob Gibson, Bob Camp) – 3:15
Personnel
Peter Yarrow – vocals, guitar
Noel "Paul" Stookey – vocals, guitar
Mary Travers – vocals
with:
Michael Bloomfield – guitar on "The King of Names"
Paul Butterfield – harmonica on "The King of Names"
Kenny Buttrey – drums on "Sometime Lovin'"
Pete Childs – Dobro on "Pack Up Your Sorrows"
Bobby Gregg – drums on "The Other Side of Life"
Ernie Hayes – piano on "The Other Side of Life"
Dick Kniss – bass on "Mon Vrai Destin"
Al Kooper – organ on "Well, Well, Well"
Bill Lee – bass on all tracks except 5, 10, 11
Charlie McCoy – harmonica on "Sometime Lovin'"
Wayne Moss – guitar on "Sometime Lovin'"
Mark Naftalin – organ on "The King of Names"
Walter Raim – guitar on "Kisses Sweeter Than Wine"
Hargus "Pig" Robbins – piano on "Sometime Lovin'"
Buddy Saltzman – drums on "The King of Names"
Russ Savakus – bass on "For Baby (For Bobbie)"
Melvin Tax – bass flute on "The Good Times We Had"
Irving Horowitz – English horn on "The Good Times We Had"
Charles H. DeAngelis – bass clarinet, alto flute on "The Good Times We Had"
Technical
Brooks Arthur - engineer
Barry Feinstein - photography
Chart positions
References
Peter, Paul and Mary albums
1966 albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by Albert Grossman
The 2004 FIM Sidecarcross World Championship, the 25th edition of the competition, started on 21 March 2004 and finished after fourteen race weekends on 5 September 2004 with Daniël Willemsen and Kaspars Stupelis taking out the title once more. For Willemsen, it was his third world championship while it was the second for Stupelis.
The season saw the cancellation of the Russian GP in Moscow on 15 August because of heavy rainfall, thereby reducing the schedule to thirteen GP's and 26 races.
Overview
The 2004 season was the 25th edition of the Sidecarcross World Championship. It resulted in a third world championship for Daniël Willemsen, his second in a row with passenger Kaspars Stupelis. Five time world champion Kristers Sergis, with Sven Verbrugge as his passenger, was their main rival early on in the competition. An injury to Sergis meant however, the pair would miss five race weekends and be out of contention for the championship. After this, Willemsen and Stupelis won the championship almost undisputed with second-placed Marko Happich more than 150 points behind in second place. For the following season, 2005, Willemsen and Sergis would exchange passenger, with Sven Verbrugge returning to Willemsen, who he had raced with before, while Sergis and Stupelis would form an all-Latvian team.
The fourteen GP's of the season were held in eleven countries, Spain, France (2x), Netherlands, Germany (2x), Italy, Estonia, Latvia (2x), Croatia, Bulgaria, Russia and Belgium. It was the first time that a GP was to be held in Russia.
Format
Every Grand Prix weekend is split into two races, both held on the same day. This means, the 2004 season with its fourteen Grand Prix had originally 28 races. Each race lasts for 30 minutes plus two laps. The two races on a weekend actually get combined to determine an overall winner. While this overall winners receives no extra WC points, they usually are awarded a special trophy.
The first twenty teams of each race score competition points. The point system for the 2004 season was as follows:
Retirements
At the end of the 2004 season a number of long-term competitors retired from the World Championship, the most successful of those being Estonian Are Kaurit, with a third place in 2004 as his best result and active since 1993, and Dutch Wilfred van Werven, third placed in 2002 and 2003 and active since 1996.
Calendar
The calendar for the 2004 season:
The Sidecarcross des Nations is a non-championship event but part of the calendar and is denoted by a light blue background in the table above.
Flags for passengers not shown.
1 Cancelled after heavy rain, only an exhibition race was held, won by Marco Happich / Thomas Weinmann, which didn't count towards the world championship.
Classification
Riders
Out of 56 teams in the points, the top-twenty of the 2004 season were:
Equipment listed is motor and frame.
References
External links
The World Championship on Sidecarcross.com
The John Davey Grand Prix Pages – Results of all GP's up until 2005
FIM Sidecar Motocross World Championship 2010
Sidecarcross world championship, 2004
Sidecarcross World Championship seasons
Syed Alla-ud-din Khan is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013, representing the constituency NA-30 (Swat-II) as a member of Pakistan Peoples Party. He ran for a re-election in 2013, but lost to Salim Rehman of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.
Early life and education
Khan was born on 2 February 1951 in Swat, NWFP (now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa). In 1974, he completed his MSc Physics from the University of Peshawar, and did his LLB from the same institution in 1977.
A lawyer by profession, he has twice served as the President of the Swat District Bar Association. He was elected as a member of the Swat District Council in 1983, and became its chairman in 1987.
Political career
Khan joined the Pakistan Peoples Party in the early 1990s. He was elected as an MPA of the NWFP Assembly in 1993, and served as the Deputy Speaker of the Assembly from 1993 to 1996.
He ran for the seat of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (Sherpao) (PPP-S) from Constituency PF-88 (Swat-VII) in 2002 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. He received 5,383 votes and lost the seat to Mufti Hussain Ahmad, a candidate of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA).
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-30 (Swat-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 24,063 votes and defeated Shujaat Ali Khan, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-30 (Swat-II) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 16,373 votes and lost the seat to Salim Rehman.
References
People from Swat District
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
1951 births
Rhys McWilliams (born 29 November 1985, Birmingham, England) is an English professional ice hockey player, currently playing with the Coventry Blaze organisation at ENIHL level. In the year 2000 he began his professional career, making his debut for the Solihull Barons as a young forward having also featured for their U-19 team, the Solihull Knights. Whilst playing for the Knights, McWilliams managed the astounding total of 55 points in just 17 games. He went on to become much more of a regular for the Barons in the following season and showed enough promise to play for the England U-18 team. McWilliams remained in Solihull through the name and league changes, icing 32 times for the Solihull MK Kings.
During the 2002/03 season, McWilliams also played for another local team, the Birmingham Rockets for just six games, but totalled seven points in this brief spell. McWilliams also made two more appearances for the England U-18 squad.
The 2003/04 season proved to be a season of change for McWilliams. He began the year playing for the Peterborough Phantoms, but after 27 games was spotted by the EIHL club, the Nottingham Panthers. This was a big step up for McWilliams, and he played only twice during the rest of the season. The 2004/05 season was again split between the Solihull Kings in the EPL and the Panthers. During his second spell in Nottingham, McWilliams played in 14 games and managed to grab his first EIHL goal.
McWilliams would continue to split seasons between teams in the EPL and the EIHL - whilst mainly icing for the Solihull Barons, he would also spend time again in Nottingham during 2005/06 and playing for the league-winning Coventry Blaze in 2006/07.
Seeking consistency, McWilliams moved away from the Midlands area and moved further north to sign for the Manchester Phoenix, yet another EIHL team. Whilst at the Phoenix, McWilliams was re-united with his former Barons team-mate, Nick Whyatt. In his time at the Altrincham Ice Dome, McWilliams was mainly used as an energy player on the third line. Despite playing in over 40 games for the Phoenix, McWilliams was released from his Manchester contract by head coach Tony Hand in February 2008.
After being released, McWilliams would return to Coventry, and in the summer of 2008 would once again play for the Coventry Blaze organisation, although this time at ENIHL level.
External links
Phoenix Release McWilliams, Manchester Phoenix Official Website.
1985 births
Coventry Blaze players
English ice hockey forwards
Living people
Manchester Phoenix players
Nottingham Panthers players
Sportspeople from Birmingham, West Midlands
Achour Hasni (born 25 February 1972) is an Algerian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Algerian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Algeria
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Algerian people
The Black River Bridge near Carrizo, Arizona was funded in 1911 and built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It spans the Black River, bringing an army road, now Indian Route 9, over the river from Fort Apache to the railroad at the former town of Rice, Arizona (which is now within San Carlos, Arizona).
Indian Route 9 is one of many Indian routes within Native American reservations in the U.S. The bridge, designated ADOT #3128, is owned by the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs. It crosses from the Fort Apache Reservation south into the San Carlos Reservation, within in Gila County, Arizona.
It is a deck truss bridge which was fabricated by the Pittsburgh-Des Moines Steel Co. It has three Warren truss riveted steel spans, each in length, achieving a total length of . The roadway is a concrete deck that is wide. The bridge has concrete abutments and wingwalls and solid concrete piers. It has a concrete deck over steel stringers.
The original bridge on those piers was designed by Arizona Territorial Engineer G.B. Girand and was completed in 1912 as a timber/iron truss bridge for wagons, employing Howe trusses; the superstructure was replaced by the current steel and concrete system in 1929.
It was deemed significant as one of the earliest public works projects by the Arizona Territorial government, and the only timber bridge that it built.
Further, the 1929-built superstructure "is technologically significant as the oldest of the four multi-span deck trussed trestles" identified in a 1986–87 inventory/study of historic Arizona highway bridges performed for the Arizona Department of Transportation by Clayton Fraser, covering 610 pre-1945 vehicular bridges. According to Fraser, the bridge is "one of the most visually striking spans in Arizona" and "represents an important aspect of the state's bridgebuilding history."
A 2002 photo of the bridge is included in a 2008-updated report on Arizona's historic highway bridges.
See also
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gila County, Arizona
References
Howe truss bridges in the United States
Warren truss bridges in the United States
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Gila County, Arizona
Bridges completed in 1912
Bridges completed in 1929
Vania is a genus of benthic forams from the upper Paleocene of Turkey with a large discoidal test up to 6.5mm in diameter. The microspheric test begins with a short planispiral stage, later chambers spreading successively from flabelliform (fan-shaped) to reniform (kidney-shaped) and finally annular. The interior is subdivided by radial primary beams intercalated with secondary beams. The wall finely agglutinated, imperforate; aperture, two alternating rows of pores on the periphery.
References
Vania in GSI Paleontology
Loftusiida
Prehistoric Foraminifera genera
Paleocene life
Saki-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Sākī-ye Soflá and Sākī Soflá; also known as Sākī-ye Pā'īn and Shāqi) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 56 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
This is a list of mammals of Texas, those mammals native to or immediately off the coast of the U.S. state of Texas.
The varying geography of Texas, the second largest state, provides a large variety of habitats for mammals. The land varies from swamps, Piney Woods in the east, rocky hills and limestone karst in the central Hill Country of the Edwards Plateau, desert in the south and west, mountains in the far west (the Trans-Pecos), and grassland prairie in the north, also known as the Panhandle. The state's many rivers, including the Rio Grande, the Colorado River, and the Trinity River, also provide diverse river habitats. Its central position in the United States means that species found primarily in either the western or eastern reaches of the country often have their ranges meeting in the state. Additionally, its proximity to Mexico is such that many species found there and into Central America also range as far north as Texas.
Texas recognizes three official mammals: the nine-banded armadillo, the Texas Longhorn, and the Mexican free-tailed bat. State law protects numerous species.
List of species
Order Xenarthra
Dasypodidae
Dasypodidae is a family of armoured mammals found mainly in Latin America.
Order Chiroptera
Phyllostomidae
Mormoopidae
Vespertilionidae
Molossidae
Order Carnivora
Canidae
Felidae
Procyonidae
Mephitidae
Mustelidae
Ursidae
Order Artiodactyla
Tayassuidae
Cervidae
Antilocapridae
Bovidae
Order Eulipotyphla
Soricidae
Talpidae
Order Sirenia
Trichechidae
Order Didelphimorphia
Didelphidae
Order Lagomorpha
Leporidae
Order Rodentia
Castoridae
Cricetidae
Northern pygmy mouse (Baiomys taylori)
Mexican vole (Microtus mexicanus)
Woodland vole (Microtus pinetorum)
Prairie vole (Microtus ochrogaster)
White-throated woodrat (Neotoma albigula)
Florida woodrat (Neotoma floridana)
Mexican woodrat (Neotoma mexicana)
Southern plains woodrat (Neotoma micropus)
Golden mouse (Ochrotomys nuttalli)
Muskrat (Ondatra zibethicus)
Chihuahuan grasshopper mouse (Onychomys arenicola)
Northern grasshopper mouse (Onychomys leucogaster)
Coues' rice rat (Oryzomys couesi)
Marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris)
Texas mouse (Peromyscus attwateri)
Brush mouse (Peromyscus boylii)
Cactus mouse (Peromyscus eremicus)
Cotton mouse (Peromyscus gossypinus)
Southern deer mouse (Peromyscus labecula)
White-footed mouse (Peromyscus leucopus)
White-ankled mouse (Peromyscus pectoralis)
Northern rock mouse (Peromyscus nasutus)
Western deer mouse (Peromyscus sonoriensis)
Pinyon mouse (Peromyscus truei)
Eastern harvest mouse (Reithrodontomys humulis)
Fulvous harvest mouse (Reithrodontomys fulvescens)
Western harvest mouse (Reithrodontomys megalotis)
Plains harvest mouse (Reithrodontomys montanus)
Tawny-bellied cotton rat (Sigmodon fulviventer)
Hispid cotton rat (Sigmodon hispidus)
Yellow-nosed cotton rat (Sigmodon ochrognathus)
Erethizontidae
Geomyidae
Yellow-faced pocket gopher (Cratogeomys castanops)
Desert pocket gopher (Geomys arenarius)
Attwater's pocket gopher (Geomys attwateri)
Botta's pocket gopher (Thomomys bottae)
Baird's pocket gopher (Geomys breviceps)
Plains pocket gopher (Geomys bursarius)
Knox Jones's pocket gopher (Geomys knoxjonesi)
Texas pocket gopher (Geomys personatus)
Llano pocket gopher (Geomys texensis)
Heteromyidae
Hispid pocket mouse (Chaetodipus hispidus)
Rock pocket mouse (Chaetodipus intermedius)
Nelson's pocket mouse (Chaetodipus nelsoni)
Desert pocket mouse (Chaetodipus penicillatus)
Gulf Coast kangaroo rat (Dipodomys compactus)
Texas kangaroo rat (Dipodomys elator)
Merriam's kangaroo rat (Dipodomys merriami)
Ord's kangaroo rat (Dipodomys ordii)
Banner-tailed kangaroo rat (Dipodomys spectabilis)
Mexican spiny pocket mouse (Liomys irroratus)
Plains pocket mouse (Perognathus flavescens)
Silky pocket mouse (Perognathus flavus)
Merriam's pocket mouse (Perognathus merriami)
Sciuridae
Texas antelope squirrel (Ammospermophilus interpres)
Black-tailed prairie dog (Cynomys ludovicianus)
Southern flying squirrel (Glaucomys volans)
Gray-footed chipmunk (Neotamias canipes)
Eastern gray squirrel (Sciurus carolinensis)
Fox squirrel (Sciurus niger)
Mexican ground squirrel (Spermophilus mexicanus)
Spotted ground squirrel (Spermophilus spilosoma)
Thirteen-lined ground squirrel (Spermophilus tridecemlineatus)
Rock squirrel (Spermophilus variegatus)
Order Cetacea
Balaenidae
Balaenopteridae
Kogiidae
Kogiidae is a family of whales.
Physeteridae
Physeteridae is a monotypic family of whales only containing the extant Physeter macrocephalus.
Ziphiidae
Delphinidae
Introduced/invasive mammals
Order Primates
Order Carnivora
Canidae (canids)
Order Artiodactyla
Suidae (pigs)
Cervidae (deer)
Bovidae (antelopes & sheep)
Order Rodentia
Muridae (Old World mice & rats)
Myocastoridae (Nutria)
See also
Geography of Texas
List of amphibians of Texas
List of reptiles of Texas
List of birds of Texas
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
External links
American Society of Mammologists: Mammals of Texas
Handbook of Texas Online: Mammals
Texas Parks & Wildlife: Endangered and Threatened Species in Texas
The Mammals of Texas - Online Edition
Mammals
Texas
Bernard George Davis (December 11, 1906 – August 28, 1972) was an American publishing executive. He and William Bernard Ziff Sr. founded Ziff Davis Inc. in 1927. In 1957, he sold his ownership share of Ziff-Davis to William Ziff Jr., and left to found Davis Publications Inc.
References
External links
"Ziff Davis Corporate Timeline." Ziff Davis. 7 Nov 2006 https://web.archive.org/web/20061215134959/http://www.ziffdavis.com/press/timeline.
American magazine founders
1906 births
1972 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
Cossurida is an order of polychaetes belonging to the class Polychaeta. The order is monotypic, consisting of only one family: Cossuridae Day, 1963
References
Polychaetes
Annelid families
is a song by Japanese rock band Ogre You Asshole and the title track of their second Mini Album released independently on November 5, 2008.
Track listing
References
2008 EPs
Ogre You Asshole albums
The 144th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (144 RAC) was an armoured regiment of the British Army. Originally raised during World War II as a battalion of the East Lancashire Regiment it was later transferred to the Royal Armoured Corps. It fought in the campaign in North-West Europe, from June 1944 to May 1945.
8th Battalion, East Lancashire Regiment
The origin of 144th Regiment RAC was a company of men of the East Lancashire Regiment in a Mixed Holding Battalion formed at Huyton, near Liverpool, Lancashire early in World War II. The company formed the nucleus of the 50th (Holding) Battalion, East Lancashire Regiment, and after the Fall of France a draft of veterans from the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) was added and the battalion became the 8th Battalion, East Lancashire Regiment.
On 26 July 1941, 8th East Lancashires joined 226th Independent Infantry Brigade (Home), a static defence brigade in Dorset County Division. The battalion left on 19 November (shortly afterwards, the brigade was converted into 34th Army Tank Brigade).
144th Regiment, Royal Armoured Corps
144th Regiment RAC was formed at Rufford Abbey on 22 November 1941 by the conversion of the 8th East Lancashire Regiment to the armoured role. The Commanding Officer (CO), Lieutenant Colonel S.T. James, remained in command. In common with other infantry battalions transferred to the Royal Armoured Corps, all personnel would have continued to wear their East Lancashire cap badge on the black beret of the RAC. 144th Regiment RAC was assigned to the 33rd Tank Brigade for training in the United Kingdom, and remained with this brigade for virtually its entire service.
The regiment trained in the infantry tank ('I' tank) role on Churchill tanks, and in the winter of 1942–43 was mobilised for the Allied invasion of Sicily. But the orders were changed, 144 RAC had to hand its Churchills over to a Canadian regiment, and was re-equipped instead with Sherman tanks. The following autumn it reverted to Churchills, then finally, in the winter of 1943–44, it was converted back to Shermans for the Normandy landings. The training was also broadened and 33rd Tank Brigade was redesignated 33rd Armoured Brigade. The plan was still for it to land in the infantry tank role, supporting 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division, but if one of the armoured divisions suffered heavy casualties, 33rd would be ready to switch roles and replace its armoured brigade. It was therefore equipped with a proportion of Sherman Firefly tanks armed with the 17-pounder, and the tank gunners practised with this weapon at Holkham Field Firing Range. Lieutenant Colonel A. Jolly, Royal Tank Regiment, (later General Sir Alan Jolly), took command on 10 April 1944.
North-West Europe 1944–45
Elements of the 144th landed as early as the 8th June 1944, they used Crusader Tanks with twin Oerlikons acting as infantry support for the 51st Highlanders.
144th Regiment RAC began to land in Normandy on 14 June 1944 and went into 'harbour' near Bayeux. 33rd Armoured Brigade had been delayed in landing, and its absence was sorely felt by the British Second Army during the tough fighting around Villers-Bocage (13–16 June).
As an independent brigade under GHQ, 33rd Armoured could be assigned to support any infantry division that required the assistance of tanks, it was usually split up, the regiments forming Brigade groups with the infantry, with squadrons assigned to support individual battalions. During June and July 1944 the brigade moved between 49th (West Riding) Division, British I Corps and First Canadian Army as required.
Operation Pomegranate
Apart from reconnaissance on 8 July, in which the regiment captured some prisoners, 144 RAC's first action was during Operation Pomegranate, supporting the 59th (Staffordshire) Infantry Division in an attack on Noyers. This was a deliberate infantry assault preceded by an artillery barrage, with the tanks of 144 RAC in close support, assisted by flail tanks, Churchill AVREs with petard mortars, and Churchill Crocodile flamethrower tanks, all from 79th Armoured Division, which operated 21st Army Group's specialist armour.
The advance was badly hampered by minefields (both Allied and German), and 144 RAC had 20 tanks disabled, mostly by 'friendly' mines. This seriously reduced the force that could be used. The Official History records that 'Noyers was attacked again and again' for two days, but the garrison drawn from the 277th Infantry Division held out, except around the station and Point 126, which was taken at bayonet point by 'A' Company, 2/6th Battalion, South Staffordshire Regiment (part of 177th Brigade of 59th (Staffordshire) Division) following 'A' Squadron 144 RAC.
In three days' fighting, 144 RAC lost 13 officers and other ranks killed, 9 missing, and 61 wounded. In addition to the tanks disabled by mines, it had five tanks 'brewed up', one written off and 11 damaged or ditched, as well as a scout car and a half-track lost. Lt-Col Jolly wrote a detailed report after the battle to highlight the tactical lessons learned. He commented that 144 RAC's earlier 'I' tank training had proved useful, even though it was now equipped with Shermans. Jolly became regarded as a good tactician, and infantry commanders bowed to his tactical judgement when planning joint operations.
After Noyers, the regiment received a much-needed draft of replacements from 148 RAC, which was being disbanded.
Operation Astonia
From 3 August until 14 September, 33rd Armoured Brigade was attached to 51st (Highland) Infantry Division. From 16 August 144 RAC regularly worked with 153rd (Highland) Brigade of 51st Highland. 'On arriving at Brigade Headquarters, Major Secretan found that he was to support the 1st Gordons, the beginning of a long association between B Squadron and that battalion ... this was really the beginning of our close connection with 153 Infantry Brigade, an association which was to continue for the remainder of the campaign. Each infantry battalion also grew accustomed to being supported by the same squadron and in this way very close ties of confidence and friendship were established between A Squadron and the 5th Black Watch, B squadron and the 1st Gordons, and between C Squadron and the 5/7th Gordons ... In order to make us feel part of the family, the 51st Highland Division asked us to wear the famous HD flash and issued every man in the brigade with one, a gesture which was very much appreciated'.
On 8 September, 144 RAC supported 153 Brigades in the assault on the German-held French port of Le Havre (Operation Astonia). This involved clearing minefields and crossing an anti-tank ditch. For this operation, 144 RAC had under command the Sherman Crab flail tanks of C Squadron, 1st Lothians and Border Horse and tanks to lay scissors bridges. This operation was successful.
New role
In January 1945, 144 RAC operated with 53rd (Welsh) Infantry Division in the British counter-attacks against the northern side of the 'Bulge' developed by the German Ardennes offensive. Then, on 18 January, 33rd Armd Brigade became part of 79th Armoured Division; from 30 January, 144 RAC re-equipped with Buffalo LVT amphibious vehicles to begin training for the assault crossing of the Rhine.
Major Martin Lindsay, second-in-command of 1st Battalion Gordon Highlanders, wrote: 'We had a party for Bob Secretan and his officers. It was a sad occasion for they [144 RAC] were giving up their Sherman tanks to be converted into an amphibious regiment. We had had this squadron supporting us on most of our operations since Normandy, and could not have wished for a better. They looked on themselves as being almost Gordon Highlanders'. (By contrast, 1st Gordons was supported in its next operation by a troop of Churchill tanks from 107 RAC, whose performance Lindsay described as 'The windiest and wettest imaginable').
New identity
On 1 March 1945, 144 RAC was redesignated 4th Royal Tank Regiment to replace the original 4 RTR, which had been captured at Tobruk in the North African Campaign in 1942. It happened that the band of the East Lancashire Regiment was touring the NW Europe theatre, so they played the regimental march for the final parade of 144 RAC on 28 February, to mark the original link with the 8th Battalion, East Lancashire Regiment. The first parade of the new regiment the following day was inspected by Sir John Crocker, commander of I Corps and the most senior RTR officer in the theatre. The RTR band played the regimental march, My Boy Willie and each man wore a new black beret and RTR badge, specially sent from England by the Director, RAC. They also adopted the blue shoulder flash of 4 RTR.
Under its new title, the regiment took part in Operation Plunder, ferrying troops of 51st (Highland) Division across the River Rhine on the night of 23/24 March 1945. On landing, Lt-Col Jolly planted the World War I standard of the original 4th RTR (D Battalion Tank Corps) on the far bank.
4 RTR continued postwar as a regular regiment of the British Army.
Commanding officers
Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart James, DSO, (East Lancashire Regiment) 22 November 1941 – 9 April 1944
Lieutenant-Colonel Alan Jolly, DSO, (Royal Tank Regiment) 10 April 1944 – 28 February 1945
See also
Michael Wittmann
Footnotes
Notes
References
Maj L. F. Ellis, History of the Second World War: United Kingdom Military Series: Victory in the West, Volume I: The Battle of Normandy, London: HMSO, 1962/Uckfield: Naval & Military, 2004, .
Maj L. F. Ellis, History of the Second World War: United Kingdom Military Series: Victory in the West, Volume II: The Defeat of Germany, London: HMSO, 1968/Uckfield: Naval & Military, 2004, .
George Forty, British Army Handbook 1939–1945, Stroud: Sutton Publishing, 1998, .
J.B.M. Frederick, Lineage Book of British Land Forces 1660–1978, Vol I, Wakefield: Microform Academic, 1984, .
Alan Jolly, Blue Flash: The Story of an Armoured Regiment, London 1952.
Lt-Col Martin Lindsay, So Few Got Through, London: Collins, 1946/Arrow Books (pbk; nd)/Leo Cooper, 2000, . Page references are to Arrow edition.
Tim Saunders, Operation Plunder: The British and Canadian Rhine Crossing, Barnsley: Pen & Sword, 2006, .
Military units and formations established in 1941
Regiments of the Royal Armoured Corps
Royal Armoured Corps 144
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Mike Daisey (born January 21, 1976) is an American monologist, author, and actor. His monologue The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs, about the labor conditions under which Apple devices are made, was used as the basis for a widely shared episode of the radio program This American Life, but the episode was later retracted for its factual inaccuracy after it was discovered that Daisey had lied about his experiences.
Career
Early monologues
Daisey's early work includes Wasting Your Breath (1997), a monologue of the Great American Roadtrip, and I Miss the Cold War (1998), about Daisey's visit to post-Communist Warsaw and Cold War themes.
His 2001 monologue 21 Dog Years was Daisey's break. In 2002, Daisey published a book version of the tale under the same title, and in 2004 the BBC aired his radio adaptation of his monologue on Radio 4.
Daisey performed several non-traditional monologues during the 2000s. For All Stories Are Fiction (2004), Daisey made no notes of any kind until one hour before the performance, and then created a show extemporaneously onstage. Similarly, in Mysteries of the Unexplained (2009), he performed a series of one-night-only performances, about Facebook, bacon, and the Boardwalk. Daisey presented his 24-hour monologue All the Hours in the Day (2011) at Portland's TBA Festival in September 2011, emphasizing themes of loss, transformation, and the desire for authenticity.
Invincible Summer
Invincible Summer (2007) is about the history of the New York City transit system, loss, and democracy in modern-day America.
The April 19, 2007 performance of Invincible Summer at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts, was disrupted when over 80 audience members from Norco High School in Norco, California, left the production mid-performance, after teachers and chaperones decided that they had heard too many obscenities. One parent approached the stage and poured water over Daisey's outline notes; Daisey said that the destroyed papers were the original copy of the show's outline. He described the effect of the walk-out as "shocking". Daisey later sought out and spoke with representatives of the group, including the member who destroyed his notes.
The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs
The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs (2010) examines globalization by exploring the exploitation of Chinese workers through the lens of what Daisey describes as "the rise and fall and rise of Apple, industrial design, and the human price we are willing to pay for our technology, woven together in a complex narrative."
In January 2012, portions of the theatrical monologue were aired on the radio program This American Life. The episode, titled "Mr. Daisey and the Apple Factory" quickly became the most downloaded episode in the show's history, with 888,000 downloads after two months. Two months later, This American Life officially retracted the episode, having discovered that some of the personal experiences described by Daisey in his monologue had been exaggerated or fabricated. A follow-up episode, entitled "Retraction", stood by the veracity of the claims Daisey had made about working conditions at Foxconn, but claimed Daisey had dramatized many of the personal details of his own experiences visiting China in his monologue. Daisey was accused of exaggerating the number of plants, people, and underaged workers he talked to, of claiming that the plant guards had guns, and of describing a worker with a crippled hand using an iPad for the first time as a Foxconn employee. This American Life also accused Daisey of purposely misleading them by trying to prevent them from contacting the translator he used in order to fact-check his story. In an interview with host Ira Glass, Daisey admitted to giving the producers of This American Life a false name for the translator and also admitted that he lied about her contact information being changed. Daisey apologized to This American Life for allowing them to use his theatrical monologue in the "Retraction" program, and made a full apology in a statement on his website.
Since the controversy, Daisey has reformed his work and has continued to perform it, removing the five minutes of contested details and standing by his assertions that the conditions in Apple's supply chain violate China's own labor laws and remain inhumane. He has performed this new version in six cities, including a run at Washington, D.C.'s Woolly Mammoth Theater, where Apple's co-founder Steve Wozniak joined the show for a post-performance discussion on August 4, 2012.
In 2013, solo theatre artist Jade Esteban Estrada embarked on a five-city tour of the show. "Jade Esteban Estrada knows how to draw an audience in and hold them in the palm of his hand," wrote Deborah Martin of the San Antonio Express-News. He puts that skill to fine use in The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs, a solo show written by Mike Daisey exploring the cult of tech giant Apple.
Daisey offers a complete, royalty-free transcript of The Agony, which has been downloaded over 130,000 times. The work has had more than 40 productions, and it has been translated into six languages.
Post-Controversy Monologues
Performed at the Spoleto Festival, ArtsEmerson, the Cape Cod Theatre Project, and Woolly Mammoth Theater, The Orient Express (Or, the Value of Failure) (2012) is Daisey's story of the aftermath of his media scandal, and a trip he took to recreate the Orient Express, traveling from Paris to Istanbul.
American Utopias (2012) is Daisey's monologue about the way that physical spaces influence people's shared goals, using modern American utopian models including Disney World, the Burning Man Festival, and Zuccotti Park and the birth of the Occupy movement.
"Fucking Fucking Ayn Rand" (2013) tackles Ayn Rand, the author of The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged and the creator of the Objectivist movement. The SunBreak described Daisey's performance as being "not as viscerally worked up as he has been elsewhere".
Theatre and film
Daisey's first play The Moon Is a Dead World premiered at the Annex Theatre in Seattle, Washington on October 17, 2008. It was previously developed at Soho Rep as a part of their 2008–2009 Writer/Director Lab Readings in a workshop directed by Maria Goyanes.
Layover, Daisey's first film, was screened at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. He also stars in the feature film Horrible Child with T. Ryder Smith, in an adaptation of Lawrence Krauser's play.
Themes
Jason Zinoman of the New York Times describes Daisey as having "a preoccupation with alternative histories, secrets large and small, and the fuzzy line where truth and fiction blur."
Zinoman further expands on a common theme in which Daisey experiences "a mania in which he loses himself", in 21 Dog Years and Invincible Summer.
Theater itself appears in Daisey's work, in both The Ugly American (2003), about Daisey's life as a 19-year-old drama student in London, and How Theater Failed America (2008), a monologue critical of how modern theater has lost sight of its original mission.
Critical analysis of powerful men and institutions often feature in his work.
Monopoly! (2005) is critical of capitalism and details the rivalry between Edison and Tesla, while Great Men of Genius (2006) profiled Bertolt Brecht, showman P.T. Barnum, scientist Nikola Tesla and Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. If You See Something Say Something (2008), critical of the Department of Homeland Security, compares it to the days of tense alert during the Cold War.
Reception
Jason Zinoman said about Daisey's work in the New York Times: "The master storyteller...one of the finest solo performers of his generation. What distinguishes him from most solo performers is how elegantly he blends personal stories, historical digressions and philosophical ruminations. He has the curiosity of a highly literate dilettante and a preoccupation with alternative histories, secrets large and small, and the fuzzy line where truth and fiction blur. Mr. Daisey's greatest subject is himself." Louise Kennedy described his monologues in the Boston Globe as "Sharp-witted, passionately delivered talk about matters both small and huge, at once utterly individual and achingly universal." Heidi Weiss in the Chicago Sun-Times has said, "Enthralling...why be a journalist when you can spin stories like these?"
While remaining optimistic about Daisey's ability to recover from the Agony scandal, Jason Zinoman, writing at Salon.com, criticized Daisey's ethics and his "defiant" insistence that the invented material was "dramatic license" rather than a lie.
Personal life
Mike Daisey was born in Fort Kent, Maine, and moved to the greater Bangor area in his childhood. He grew up between Fort Kent and Madawaska, his family moving to Etna when he was twelve.
He graduated from Nokomis Regional High School, and attended Colby College in Waterville, Maine.
Works
Monologues
1997 Wasting Your Breath
1998 I Miss the Cold War
2001 21 Dog Years
2003 The Ugly American
2004 All Stories Are Fiction
2005 Monopoly!
2006 Great Men of Genius
2007 Tongues Will Wag
2007 Invincible Summer
2008 How Theater Failed America
2008 If You See Something Say Something
2009 Mysteries of the Unexplained
2009 The Last Cargo Cult
2010 Barring the Unforeseen
2010 The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs
2011 All the Hours in the Day
2012 The Orient Express (Or, the Value of Failure)
2012 American Utopias
2012 Where Water Meets With Water
2013 Fucking Fucking Ayn Rand
2013 Journalism
2013 All the Faces of the Moon
2014 The Story of the Gun
2014 Dreaming of Rob Ford
2014 Yes This Man
2014 The Great Tragedies
2016 The Trump Card
2018 A People's History
2020 Bad Faith
Plays
2008 The Moon Is a Dead World
Books
Mike Daisey. 21 Dog Years. .
Films
2010 Layover
References
External links
Mike Daisey's (invitation only) blog
C-SPAN Q&A interview with Daisey, April 24, 2011
Kill Me Now with Judy Gold, 182: Mike Daisey
1976 births
Living people
American bloggers
American fraudsters
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American memoirists
American public radio personalities
Writers from New York City
Writers from Seattle
People from Fort Kent, Maine
People from Penobscot County, Maine
Colby College alumni
Writers from Maine
People from Bangor, Maine
People from Aroostook County, Maine
As Samu' or es-Samu' () () is a town in the Hebron Governorate of the West Bank, Palestine, 12 kilometers south of the city of Hebron and 60 kilometers southwest of Jerusalem.
Geography
The area is a hilly, rocky area cut by some wadis. The Armistice Demarcation Line (ADL, Green line) runs generally east to west approximately five kilometers south of as-Samu'. The village of as-Samu' is located on twin hills with a wadi varying from shallow to deep between them. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics the town had a population of 19,649 in 2007.
History
Ancient period
As-Samu' is built upon a tell identified with Eshtemoa, an ancient Judahite and later Jewish settlement mentioned in various historical sources.
In 1971, five pottery jars dated to the 9th-8th centuries BCE were found in as-Samu', bearing inscriptions written in the Paleo-Hebrew alphabet. These jars contained one of the largest silver hoards ever found in Israel and the Palestinian Territories.
Classical period
In the 4th-century CE, Eshtemoa was described by Eusebius in his Onomasticon as a large Jewish village. The Jerusalem Talmud mentions Eshtemoa as the place of residence of an amora (scholar) who dwelt in the town during the 4th century by the name of Hasa of Eshtemoa.
In 1934, the remains of an ancient Jewish synagogue, now known as the Eshtemoa synagogue, were unearthed at as-Samu'. The synagogue is dated to around the 4th–5th century CE. Four seven-branched menorahs were discovered carved onto door lintels and one of them is displayed in Jerusalem's Rockefeller Museum. Beginning in the seventh century, the structure served as a mosque.
Middle Ages
What was earlier identified to be part of a 12th-century Crusaders tower, turned out to be a 4th-century synagogue, which was turned into a mosque at the time of Saladin, according to tradition.
Ottoman era
As-Samu' was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in 1517, and in the census of 1596 the village appeared as being in the Nahiya of Halil of the Liwa of Quds. It had a population of 16 households, all Muslim. They paid a fixed tax-rate of 33,3% on agricultural products, including wheat, barley, vineyards and fruit trees, in addition to occasional revenues, goats and bee-hives; a total of 3000 akçes.
In 1838, Edward Robinson identified the town of Semua with biblical Eshtemoa. He described As-Samu as a "considerable" village..."full of flocks and herds all in fine order". He also found remains of walls built from very large stones, some of which were more than 10 feet long. In 1863 the French explorer Victor Guérin visited the place.
An Ottoman village list from about 1870 found that as-Samu had a population of 298, in 77 houses, though the population count included men, only.
In 1883, the Palestine Exploration Fund's Survey of Western Palestine described it as "A village of moderate size, standing high.
On the north is an open valley, and the modern buildings extend along a spur which runs out west from the watershed. The ground is rocky
on the hills, but the valleys are arable land. There are remains of an ancient castle in the village, and other fragments. A church is said once
to have existed here, and the ruins to the west show that the town was once much larger. To the south there are olives in the valley. To the north there are rock-cut tombs on the hill-side ; the water-supply is from cisterns. The inhabitants number some 400 to 500 souls.
British Mandate era
In the 1922 census of Palestine conducted by the British Mandate authorities, As-Samu (called: AI Samu) had an entirely Muslim population of 1,600 inhabitants. In the 1931 census, As-Samu, together with Khirbat al-Simia and Kh. Rafat had a total of 1,882 Muslims, in 372 houses.
In 1934, remains of the towns ancient synagogue were discovered and the site was later excavated in 1969, by Ze'ev Yeivin.
In the 1945 statistics the population of as-Samu' was 2,520, all Muslims, who owned 138,872 dunams of land according to an official land and population survey. 30 dunams were plantations and irrigable land, 40,398 for cereals, while 165 dunams were built-up (urban) land.
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War and the 1949 Armistice Agreements, As-Samu was annexed by Jordan along with the rest of the renamed ‘West Bank'. In 1961, the population of Samu was 3,103.
Samu Incident
In 1966 Israel launched a full-scale military operation against the town, which resulted in the deaths of fifteen Jordanian soldiers and three Jordanian civilians; fifty-four other soldiers were wounded. The villagers suffered 3 civilians killed and 96 wounded. According to David Dean Shulman, the villagers were unconnected to the incident that had triggered the reprisal. Much of the village was destroyed. The commander of the Israeli paratroop battalion, Colonel Yoav Shaham, was killed and ten other Israeli soldiers were wounded.
Israeli occupation
As a result of the Six-Day War in 1967, 'as-Samu came under Israeli occupation. The population in the 1967 census conducted by the Israeli authorities was 3,784. Under the Oslo Accords, the town was assigned to Area A.
It was reported in 2005 that 10,000 dunums of land in the towns of 'as-Samu, Yatta and ad-Dhahiriya near Hebron were to be seized by the Israel Defense Forces for the construction of the separation wall. Palestinian sources have alleged that settler violence from the nearby Israeli settlements of Ma'on and Asa'el has prevented them from accessing their fields.
Culture
A headdress or 'money hat' (wuqayat al-darahem) from as-Samu (c. 1840s, with later additions) is exhibited at the British Museum. The caption notes that the headdress was worn in the 19th century and early 20th century during the wedding ceremony, especially for the 'going out to the well' ceremony when the bride appeared in public as a married woman for the first time. Generally, the headdress was considered to be one of the most important parts of the Palestinian costume.
As-Samu' is also known for its handwoven kilims.
See also
Eshtemoa synagogue
References
Bibliography
Ben-Yehûdā, Ḥ. and Sandler, Shmuel (2002). The Arab-Israeli Conflict Transformed: Fifty Years of Interstate and Ethnic Crises. SUNY Press.
Chen, S.: The Design of the Ancient Synagogues in Judaea: Eshtemoa and Horvat Susiya
(p. 972)
Hussein of Jordan (1969). My "War" with Israel. London: Peter Owen.
Oren, M. (2002). Six Days of War. Oxford University Press.
Prittie, Terence (1969). Eshkol of Israel: The Man and the Nation. London, Museum Press.
(p. 312)
External links
Welcome To The City of al-Samu'
Samu'a, Welcome to Palestine
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 25: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Samu'a, Ta'ayush
As Samu' Town (Fact Sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem (ARIJ)
As Samu' Town Profile, ARIJ
As Samu' aerial photo, ARIJ
The priorities and needs for development in As Samu' town based on the community and local authorities' assessment, ARIJ
Cities in the West Bank
Hebron Governorate
Ancient Jewish settlements of Judaea
13 Kohanic cities
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Mirian I (; more precisely Mirvan, მირვანი) was king of Iberia from 159 BC to 109 BC. His name (Mihrbān), of Middle Iranian origin, means "friendly, kind", and is derived from Old Iranian Mithrāpāna, meaning "having the protection of Mithra".
When Saurmag, the second king of Iberia, died without a male heir, the dynasty survived in the female line through the marriage of Saurmag's daughter to Mirian, who is referred to as Nebrot'iani (ნებროთიანი), which means the "race of Nimrod" a generic term applied to the ancient Iranian nobility. The dynasty that Mirian ruled is thus referred as the Nimrodid or second Pharnavazid dynasty. Mirian had his daughter married to the Artaxiad prince Artaxias, whose father Artavasdes I () was the incumbent king of Armenia. In 120 BC, Mirian most likely became a vassal of the Parthian Empire. Massive circulation of Parthian coins into Iberia, along with Armenia and Caucasian Albania, indicates that these kingdoms had been swayed by the influence of the Parthians.
Mirian is further reported to have defeated a mountaineers' invasion of the province of Kakheti, and is credited with the fortification of the Daryal Pass as well as to contributing to the cult of Ainina and Danina. He was succeeded by his son Pharnajom.
References
Sources
Pharnavazid kings of Iberia
2nd-century BC rulers
2nd-century BC Iranian people
Vassal rulers of the Parthian Empire
Acta Astronomica is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering astronomy and astrophysics. It was established in 1925 by the Polish astronomer Tadeusz Banachiewicz.
Initially, the journal published articles in Latin, later English, French, and German were added as allowed journal languages. Nowadays, all papers are published in English.
The journal is published by Copernicus Foundation for Polish Astronomy and the editors-in-chief are M. Jaroszyński and Andrzej Udalski (University of Warsaw).
Abstracting and indexing
This journal is indexed in Current Contents/Physical, Chemical & Earth Sciences, the Science Citation Index Expanded, and Scopus.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 2.063.
According to SCImago Journal Rank (SJR), the journal h-index is 64, ranking it to Q2 in Space and Planetary Science Physics and Astronomy Astronomy and Astrophysics.
References
External links
Astronomy journals
Publications established in 1925
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Academic journals published by non-profit organizations
East-West Airlines is the name of two defunct airlines:
EastWest Airlines (Australia) - an Australian virtual airline which commenced services to Griffith NSW in 2019
East-West Airlines (India) - a now defunct Indian airline, India's first privately owned.
East-West Airlines (Australia) - an Australian regional airline which was acquired by Ansett
F. orientalis may refer to:
Fagus orientalis, the Oriental beech, a deciduous tree species found from northwest Turkey east to the Caucasus and Alborz Mountains
Fritillaria orientalis, a monocotyledon plant species
Fuchsia orientalis, a plant species endemic to Ecuador
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Ardameh (; also known as Ardaheh) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. According to the 2006 census, its population was 1,775, in 455 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Olivia's Live Hits is a live album released in 2008, based on the tour of Olivia Newton-John in Sydney Opera House in 2006. A DVD called Live at the Sydney Opera House was also recorded.
Production
The album was recorded with the Sydney Symphony, the tour held four concerts and 27 tracks, but only 10 appear on the album.
Track listing
"Have You Never Been Mellow" (03:46)
"Magic" (04:35)
"Hopelessly Devoted To You" (03:01)
"You're The One That I Want" (03:52)
"Xanadu" (03:31)
"Suddenly" (04:12)
"Physical" (04:44)
"Don't Stop Believin'" (03:49)
"If Not For You" (01:56)
"I Honestly Love You" (04:23)
Musicians
Andy Timmons - Guitar, vocals
Dan Wojciechowski - Battery
Lee Hendricks - Low
Catherine Marx - Keyboards
Warren Ham - Puffs, vocals
Steve Real - Vocals
Carmella Ramsey - Vocals
Olivia Newton-John live albums
2008 live albums
Albums recorded at the Sydney Opera House
Justin Dill (born 10 November 1994) is a South African cricketer. He was part of South Africa's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. He was the leading wicket-taker for Western Province in the 2018–19 CSA 3-Day Provincial Cup, with 34 dismissals in ten matches. In September 2019, he was named in Western Province's squad for the 2019–20 CSA Provincial T20 Cup. In June 2021, he was selected to take part in the Minor League Cricket tournament in the United States following the players' draft.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
South African cricketers
Boland cricketers
Cricketers from Port Elizabeth
Western Province cricketers
Moti Nandi; 10 July 1931 – 3 January 2010) was a Bengali writer and journalist.
Career
Moti Nandi hails from Kolkata. He was an alumnus of the University of Calcutta. Nandi was a sports journalist and worked as a sports editor in Anandabazar Patrika. He was awarded the Lifetime Achievement award (2008) at a glittering ceremony to mark the grand finale of the maiden edition of the Excellence in Journalism Awards.
In his novels, he is noted for his depiction of sporting events and many of his protagonists are sports-persons. His first short story was published in Desh weekly in 1957. His story for Pujabarshiki was in Parichoy Magazine in 1985. The character Kalabati from his novels is popular among the younger audience.
Novels
Shada Kham (Ananda Pub.)
Ubhoyoto Sampurno (Ananda Pub.)
Golap Bagan (Ananda Pub.)
Chaya (Ananda Pub.)
Chaya Soronite Rohini (Ananda Pub.)
Jibonto (Ananda Pub.)
Duti Tinti Ghor (Ananda Pub.)
Ditio Innings er Por (Ananda Pub.)
Duro Dristi (Ananda Pub.)
Puber Janala (Ananda Pub.)
Bonanider Bari (Ananda Pub.)
Bijolibalar Mukti (Ananda Pub.)
Malabika (Ananda Pub.)
Sibi (Ananda Pub.)
Soloke Ponero Kora (Ananda Pub.)
Sohodeber Tajmahal (Ananda Pub.)
Sobai Jache (Ananda Pub.)
Dosti Uponyas (Ananda Pub.)
Nakhatter Raat (Punascha)
Baobab (Punascha)
Dadash Bakti (Punascha)
Nayaker Probesh o Prasthan (Punascha)
Baranda
Korunabashata
Chotobabu
Works for children
Koni (Ananda Pub.)
Aloukik Dilu (Ananda Pub.)
Stopper (Ananda Pub.)
Striker (Ananda Pub.)
Kuronn [ কুড়োন ] (Ananda Pub.)
Jibon Ananta (Ananda Pub.)
Nnaran (Ananda Pub.)
Feraari (Ananda Pub.)
Tulsi (Ananda Pub.)
Dolbodoler Aage (Ananda Pub.)
Minu Chinur Trophy(Ananda Pub.)
Empiyaring
Dhankurir Kingkong (Ananda Pub.)
Biswa-jora Biswacup (Ananda Pub.)
Buro Ghora (Ananda Pub.)
Doshti Kishore Uponyas (Ananda Pub.)
Cricket er Ayne Kanun (Ananda Pub.)
Bhuli (Gangchil)
Shiba(Ananda Pub.)
Other works
Doshti Kishore Uponyas
Nonida Not Out
Striker
Stopper
Oporajito Ananda
Dolbodoler Aage
Feraari
Shivar Phire Asa
Tulsi
Naran
Minu Chinur Trophy
Kolabati series
Kolaboti
Kolaboti Der Diet Chart
Kolaboti r Dekha Shona
Kolaboti o Khayeri
Bhuter Basay Kolaboti
Kolaboti, Apur maa o Panchu
Kolaboti o Millenium Match
Kolabotir Shaktishel
Awards
Ananda Purashkar, 1974
Sahitya Akademi Award, 1991
Cinema
One of his novels, Koni, released in 1986, was filmed with Soumitra Chatterjee in one of the lead roles. In 1978, another novel Striker was filmed as Striker with Samit Bhanja in the lead role. A small screen teleserial was also made on his novel 'Stopper'. Debesh Roychoudhury played the role of Kamal Guha on screen. Based on his novel titled ‘Joler Ghurni O Bokbok Shobdo' Bangladeshi filmmaker Animesh Aich make a film Voyangkor Sundor in 2017. The film casts Tollywood star Parambrata Chatterjee and noted Bangladeshi actress Ashna Habib Bhabna in lead roles.
External links
Short Biography of Moti Nandy
References
Bengali writers
Writers from Kolkata
Scottish Church Collegiate School alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Recipients of the Ananda Purashkar
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Bengali
1931 births
2010 deaths
Indian children's writers
20th-century Indian novelists
Novelists from West Bengal
The Braille pattern dots-3 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the bottom left dot raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the middle-bottom left dot raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2804, and in Braille ASCII with an apostrophe.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-3 is used to represent an apostrophe, accent mark, or other punctuation.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-3 are Braille patterns 37, 38, and 378, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 7, 17, 47, and 147 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-3, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 03, 37, and 037 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 7, 17, 47, or 147
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-3 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- N/A - used only as a selector
Selector
- へ/⺩ + selector 3 = 主
- 宿 + selector 3 = 冖
- 氷/氵 + selector 3 = 冫
- も/門 + selector 3 = 区
- み/耳 + も/門 + selector 3 = 躯
- も/門 + selector 3 + selector 3 = 匚
- も/門 + も/門 + selector 3 = 區
- 仁/亻 + も/門 + selector 3 = 傴
- け/犬 + も/門 + selector 3 = 奩
- ふ/女 + も/門 + selector 3 = 嫗
- や/疒 + も/門 + selector 3 = 嶇
- ひ/辶 + selector 3 = 咸
- れ/口 + ひ/辶 + selector 3 = 喊
- ち/竹 + ひ/辶 + selector 3 = 箴
- い/糹/#2 + ひ/辶 + selector 3 = 緘
- か/金 + ひ/辶 + selector 3 = 鍼
- せ/食 + ひ/辶 + selector 3 = 鰔
- ん/止 + ひ/辶 + selector 3 = 鹹
- し/巿 + selector 3 = 巾
- し/巿 + selector 3 + selector 3 = 黹
- ゐ + selector 3 = 幺
- よ + selector 3 = 广
- ゆ + selector 3 = 彳
- 龸 + selector 3 = 文
- れ/口 + 龸 + selector 3 = 吝
- こ/子 + 龸 + selector 3 = 斈
- 日 + 龸 + selector 3 = 旻
- い/糹/#2 + 龸 + selector 3 = 紊
- す/発 + 龸 + selector 3 = 虔
- も/門 + 龸 + selector 3 = 閔
- そ/馬 + 龸 + selector 3 = 馼
- に/氵 + selector 3 = 泡
- く/艹 + に/氵 + selector 3 = 萢
- 囗 + selector 3 = 用
- む/車 + 囗 + selector 3 = 蛹
- の + selector 3 = 禾
- 心 + selector 3 = 粟
- こ/子 + selector 3 = 耒
- す/発 + selector 3 = 虎
- す/発 + selector 3 + selector 3 = 虍
- う/宀/#3 + す/発 + selector 3 = 彪
- へ/⺩ + す/発 + selector 3 = 琥
- ね/示 + す/発 + selector 3 = 褫
- せ/食 + す/発 + selector 3 = 鯱
- そ/馬 + selector 3 = 豚
- ひ/辶 + そ/馬 + selector 3 = 遯
- れ/口 + そ/馬 + selector 3 = 啄
- へ/⺩ + そ/馬 + selector 3 = 琢
- は/辶 + selector 3 = 遊
- に/氵 + は/辶 + selector 3 = 游
- む/車 + は/辶 + selector 3 = 蝣
- せ/食 + selector 3 = 酉
- ひ/辶 + せ/食 + selector 3 = 逎
- selector 3 + め/目 = 乂
- め/目 + selector 3 + selector 3 = 睿
- selector 3 + え/訁 = 云
- selector 3 + む/車 = 冓
- ひ/辶 + selector 3 + む/車 = 遘
- selector 3 + う/宀/#3 = 冢
- selector 3 + か/金 = 咼
- selector 3 + け/犬 = 夫
- た/⽥ + selector 3 + け/犬 = 畉
- 心 + selector 3 + け/犬 = 芙
- み/耳 + selector 3 + け/犬 = 趺
- む/車 + selector 3 + け/犬 = 輦
- す/発 + selector 3 + け/犬 = 麸
- selector 3 + に/氵 = 奚
- selector 3 + 仁/亻 = 尢
- selector 3 + き/木 = 已
- selector 3 + こ/子 = 巽
- selector 3 + ね/示 = 幵
- き/木 + selector 3 + ね/示 = 枅
- selector 3 + と/戸 = 并
- selector 3 + 囗 = 弋
- selector 3 + ひ/辶 = 戌
- selector 3 + ほ/方 = 敖
- 火 + selector 3 + ほ/方 = 熬
- む/車 + selector 3 + ほ/方 = 螯
- ひ/辶 + selector 3 + ほ/方 = 遨
- せ/食 + selector 3 + ほ/方 = 鰲
- selector 3 + ふ/女 = 聿
- や/疒 + selector 3 + ふ/女 = 肄
- selector 3 + ゆ/彳 = 臾
- ⺼ + selector 3 + ゆ/彳 = 腴
- selector 3 + や/疒 = 艮
- け/犬 + selector 3 + や/疒 = 狠
- み/耳 + selector 3 + や/疒 = 跟
- selector 3 + そ/馬 = 曾
- selector 3 + く/艹 = 艸
- selector 3 + み/耳 = 襄
- る/忄 + selector 3 + そ/馬 = 忸
- 氷/氵 + selector 3 + は/辶 = 敝
- 日 + selector 3 + は/辶 = 暼
- も/門 + 宿 + selector 3 = 匸
Notes
Braille patterns
